


mormon mommy wars




















    
	mormon mommy wars
	
  
moms who are trying not to lose their minds





4/01/2009



	 
	 i guess they can't hear the people in my head
	 
    


      in church, we have a "good news minute".  that's the time where anybody who has good news can quickly shout it out and share.

i almost never share any good news. i have many reasons for this, not the least of which is because i doubt "hey, i got my pantry organized. go me!" is anybody's idea of good news.  and i don't like to monopolize the time.  i've been told in the past that i talk too much, so i lately i have tried to tone it down.  to not talk about myself so much.  to be the type of person where people say, "wow, you're a really good listener."  

that's not something i hear very often.  talker, yes. i'm amazing. i can talk your ear off.  listening is something i need to really work on.

but i participated in the good news minute when i got accepted into the halt pkd study.  i felt it was good news, and it was bigger than just having found the perfect cleaning product that gets grease off my microwave.  and i was surprised when, not long thereafter, i got an email from a friend who expressed her deep concern about my health, not having known that i have a life threatening genetic disease that makes my kidneys look like moldy footballs.

not long after that, i was chatting with a friend about healthcare.  her husband and my husband have the same employer, and we were comparing health plans and talking costs and fsa (whatever they are--is that a real thing?)and i mentioned offhand that we pay out of pocket quite a bit each year with all my appointments, and that it's ridiculous that i have a $35 co-pay to see my nephrologist.

she gave me a weird look and said, "why are you going to the nephro whatever so much? what are your issues?"

i was genuinely surprised she didn't know.  i told her about my pkd.  she said, "i didn't know you had a kidney disease. you've never talked about it before."

i haven't?  really?  i think about it all the time--how can i not be talking about it all the time?

so i guess it's good that i'm not talking about it as much as i'm thinking about it.  

it could also mean that i think i'm talking about it because i'm answering some crazy voices in my head and not actually communicating with real people ever.

yeah, that can't be good.

read on



posted by heather o. at 4/01/2009 07:15:00 pm
6 comments






11/17/2008



	 
	 arpkd sucks
	 
    


      i don't have arpkd.  i have adpkd, the adult onset version.  but arpkd really really sucks.  watch this.



do you need a tissue?  yeah. me too.

read on



posted by heather o. at 11/17/2008 07:37:00 pm
3 comments






9/11/2006



	 
	 it's official.
	 
    


      goodbye blogger.  you have served us well.  so many memories, so many tears, so many temporary technical difficulties.  we'll miss you.

see you over at  www.mormonmommywars.com.  thanks for the love!

read on



posted by heather o. at 9/11/2006 04:53:00 pm
0 comments






9/09/2006



	 
	 new digs!
	 
    


      ok, i think we are ready for people to check us out over at our new address: www.mormonmommywars.com.  we hope y'all like it! make a comment here, or make a comment there--either one.  we are still in the tweaking stages, but for all intents and purposes, it's all there.  thanks!

read on



posted by heather o. at 9/09/2006 01:05:00 pm
3 comments






9/08/2006



	 
	 new house cleaning tip
	 
    


      lose your keys.

search for them for an hour.

get frustrated with the lack of progress of finding keys, knowing you are missing your child's open house for school.

start throwing everything away in a mad fit of cleaning frenzy like the desperate women that you are because you think the stray envelopes on your counter and the messy books on your shelves might be harboring your keys.

call dh and swear at him for stealing your keys.  refuse to believe that your keys are not, in fact, in his work bag.  swear under your breath as you hang up on a completely unhelpful and largely uninterested husband.

clean some more, because hey, the keys might be under the dust on the computer table.

pick up every toy in the playroom because you think your child might have stashed the &&*!!&@# keys somewhere.

pick up every cushion on every piece of furniture you own in the house, and, not finding the keys, throw away all of the good stuff you did find.  then wash your hands.

give up when you realize there are only 15 more minutes left in the 2 hour open house, and you totally missed it and your child's teacher is going to think you are a total flake when you tell her, "um, sorry i missed the event.  i, uh, couldn't find the keys to my car," and she will never allow you to help in the classroom because what kind of idiot woman searches for her keys for over an hour and still can't find them? 

but hey, at least she can say, "wow, clean house."

read on



posted by heather o. at 9/08/2006 04:14:00 pm
15 comments






9/06/2006



	 
	 where's the dog whisperer when you need him?
	 
    


      note: we are having some technical difficulties, as we slowly make the shift from blogger to wordpress.  we are hopefully moving there soon, just as quickly as we can get it ready.  until then, well, sorry for some blogger blips as we import data over to wordpress.  but, prepare to be dazzled!  anyway, bear with us.  thanks.


the pet saga continues.


to recap, we used to have a dog.  he bit a child.  he's dead now.


we used to have a bird.  she flew into the toilet. she's dead now, too.


we still have a snake.  he's not dead.  in fact, he's doing rather well.  he's 
really rather pretty, but cuddly, not so much.


school has started for everybody on the planet except us, so, to divert my small son from gouging out large pieces of his wall in his bedroom out of sheer boredom, we drove to the humane society yesterday, just to see what they had, and to get some good dog petting therapy time in.  nothing lifts the spirits like dog slobber and the stale smell of urine, i always say.

i was actually impressed with the quality of the canines they had at this shelter.  most of the mutts were pretty calm, and j was completely charmed when he commanded a very soft looking pit bull to "sit!", and the cur obliged.  not that i'm thinking about getting a pit bull, mind you, but certainly the whole experience put an extra confidence in my 4 year old's strut, which is pretty dang cute, if i do say so myself. 

we asked the overworked, underpaid, doggie-hair covered staff to spring some of the dogs from their cages so we could play with them and see if they would make a good family pet, or if they were really just the cast-offs for the part of cujo.  we've done this several times before (like i said, doggy therapy never misses), but this time we actually found a dog worth looking at again.  he was a black lab, pure-bred, and had been given up by his family because he was a gift, given to them by somebody who clearly didn't know them very well.  and this is just a general fyi: people don't like to be given gifts that require yet another reason to be cleaning up stinky poop all day. seriously, people, give a goldfish instead.  or, better yet, if you are really committed to the animal theme, just send gummi bears.

while playing with this rambunctious dog, who was dubbed "ribs", i pulled out my best dog whisperer techniques, complete with claiming a certain bench for my son, employing the ever effective "shhhht", and concentrating on emanenting calm, assertive energy.  i'm telling you, this dog went from jumping maniac to calm, submissive playmate who sat happily at the foot of my son's bench, chewing on his ball.  perfect.  

i went home, fed my son, and then called dh to meet me back at the shelter to look at this dog again.  dh checked his profile out online, and agreed to meet me there.  we pulled up, and just as we were going in, ribs was coming out.  he was walking his new owner.

"hey, are you adopting ribs?"  i asked.

"yep, i'm taking him home," his new owner said, a large woman who clearly had no control over this dog.  he was straining at the leash, pulling at her and his collar, choking so much he sounded like he was coughing up a hairball.  one of the hair covered staff volunteered to assist her with ribs, and the two of them left the shelter, ribs pulling all the way.  it was pathetic.

another woman, who had been 'browsing' with me, if you will, said, "you don't want that dog.  way too hyper.  was all over the place with that woman.  he would definitely knock over your child."

but, you see, i have been educated in the whisperer's ways.  and he didn't knock over j when we were in the play yard. i knew that ribs would be just fine with us, after we had established some ground rules and some authority. besides, he was a lab.  labs live to please.  

j started to cry when we saw ribs leave, asking why we couldn't take our dog home today. and dh was just not impressed with any of the other dogs.  we've decided that we are retriever people, and that dogs who won't fetch a ball for you just aren't true canines.  we left, stinky and hair-covered as the staff, but without a dog.  so much for dog therapy.

maybe it's all for the best.  after all, we have had some lousy luck with dogs, and, really, pets in general.  and according to the whisperer, it's our fault.  maybe we just weren't meant to be pet owners.  and we probably have quite a bit to make up for our previous pet owner sins.

i think i'll go eat some gummi bears.

read on



posted by heather o. at 9/06/2006 11:07:00 pm
13 comments






9/04/2006



	 
	 how bad a housewife are you really?
	 
    


      there has been some talk lately about housewife slug and drudgery, slobs and slovenliness, gross and grotyness.  i've yet to meet a woman who says, "my house is clean all the time.  i love it." ok, so i have met one, but  she's a little nuts, so we can't count her.  and if you can say your house is clean all the time because you pay somebody else to clean it, well, happy day for you, but you don't count in this experiment either.

so here's the thing. with all of these claims of grotesque funkiness in the home, i usually do not come across what i would expect when i visit other women's homes.  granted, i normally do not just show up unannounced to do home inspections, but even if i did, i often feel like nobody's house would be as bad as mine gets. 

mine is not always bad.  don't get me wrong. i do try, especially when my son tells me he is going commando because he couldn't find any clean underwear.  the guilt within me swells, and then it gets bigger when i realize i am only trying to keep track of one little guy's spiderman tighty whities, and then i'm off on a flurry of activity that leaves plenty of clean smelling justice league friends all snuggled together in his drawer. i often ask myself, what do y'all do with multiple bums that need multiple superhero protection?

anyway, as dr. phil would say, let's get real.  ok, i don't actually know if dr. phil says that, but it sounds like something he would say, and plus, it's a great transition line into what i want to do today.  today, i want everybody to take a little quiz about housekeeping.  you don't have to reveal your score, or anything, but i just want to put this whole "me oh my, my house is a wreck" conversation into some perspective.

here we go.  choose one answer from every category that best describes your housekeeping habits.

bathrooms
your bathrooms gets swished and swiped daily, with a weekly clorox cocktail for the bowl.  1 point

your bathroom gets swished and swiped twice a week, with a biweekly clorox coctail for the bowl.  2 points

you wipe the toothpaste off your sink when you notice it's turned into a hardened crust, you wipe the counters/whatever when there are water marks from the dried puddles that sat there for 2 days, with a once a month clorox cocktail for the bowl. 5 points.

you wipe the counters/whatever when you no longer feel envrionmentally safe in the bathroom, with a clorox cocktail for the bowl only when you've noticed a discolored ring around the bowl and the dried poop sticking to the underside of the seat.  10 points.

kitchen
your sink gets shined daily, sometimes twice daily.  your dishwasher gets emptied daily, sometimes twice daily, and your floors get mopped once a week. 1 point

your sink gets shined once a week, your dishwasher gets emptied when your sink is too full to put anything else in there, and your floors get mopped biweekly.2 points

your sink occasionally gets shined, that is, once you finally are able to load the dishwasher you loaded last week because you finally used all the clean dishes directly from the dishwasher. your floors get mopped once a month, or whenever the sticky spots get so bad they can actually pull the shoe off your foot when you step on them. 5 points

your sink gets shined after you empty it because the dishes in there have sat so long there are now fruit flies buzzing around the molding food on the dishes.  you have long since forgotten what color your floor really is. 10 points

laundry
you do laundry daily, except sunday, of course, because you have prepared on saturday while humming "saturday is a special day" all afternoon, and there is no such thing as the mismatched sock drawer. there is never laundry left in the washer or dryer overnight, and all laundry is immediately put away once folded. your children never go commando.  or naked. 1 point

you do laundry about 3-4 times a week, with the occasional mismatched sock, but you never leave laundry in the washer or the dryer, and will only leave folded laundry in the basket for about a day.  2 points

you do laundry when you notice you are running low on undergarments, your child has worn the same shorts 3 days in a row, and you have spent the last 2 days fishing slightly rumpled clothing out of the dirty clothes hamper.  you are required to do at least 6-7 loads in one day just to catch up, and spend the entire evening folding at least 50 pounds of laundry.  sadly, you are so exhausted from the ordeal that you leave the clean laundry in several baskets to be put away at a later time.  you know, 5 days later.  5 points

you do laundry only when your offspring asks you, "what's that smell?" and you realize it is the wet laundry that you have left in your washer for 3 days that now has living things growing on it.  the folded laundry left over from the last time you did laundry has now been completely used up from the basket, and you have long since purchased new undergarments and some wardrobe additions because everything else in the house is dirty.  as you finally drag yourself around the doing the laundry, a task that fills the entire day and continues into the night because you have to do it at the laundromat to accomodate the sheer volume, you frequently find yourself saying, "oh, i forgot about that shirt!" 10 points.

ok, count 'em up, and see if any of these things describe you.  i am, of course, using the most unbiased and scientific methods i have gleanded from the most superior, upstanding scientific publications, such as 'glamour' and 'cosmopolitan' magazines.

3-5 points.  please, please, please drop the charade of bad housewife.  glory in your superior housekeeping skills and gleaming sinks.  worship at the shrine of flylady, for she has truly taught you well. inhale the righteousness of pine sol and clorox bleach.  

6-9 points.  really, you are not doing as badly as you might think.  most of your life is under much better control than you suppose, and it is only the occasional mishap that pulls you under.  remember who you are and what you stand for, re-read your flylady testimonials, and perservere in your endeavors.  oh, and you can't have the label of bad housewife either, by the way.

10-15 points.  ok, you are definitely pushing your way towards ultimate slughood, but you are not there yet.  there are still way too many redeming features in your character to really give you bhw status.

15-30 points.  bad housewife, we honor you!  you are truly not lying when you say your house is icky, and we salute you for it.  you go girl.

read on



posted by heather o. at 9/04/2006 03:56:00 pm
33 comments












contributors

andrea w.
heather o.



submit guest post











i guess they can't hear the people in my head


did you mean to post this on the old site?


no, not at all. in fact, i meant to post it on my pkd site, and didn't realize until i posted it that i had signed on to this one (it still comes up on my blogger dashboard when i post on my pkd blogspot blog.)  when i realized i did it, i was just too lazy to delete it.  surprised anybody is reading, though.  thanks!


dear sisters, i hope that i will reach some of you and that i will have your support as i take action into my plan.  as some of you know i am just a teacher, with a big heart and love for children.  i recently wrote a novel: the black parade: the phantom series.  some of you may have already seen it on my facebook.  it’s an adult total chick lit urban fantasy novel written to capture the mind of those willing to laugh out loud, tremble a little, and possibly even cry.  my whole purpose in posting this, is so will go to my web site: www.thephantomseries.com and help me raise money for st. jude.  i am trying to raise $5000 by december.  so, please help my cause and go to my site or check out the black parade on facebook.  i hope to hear your comments and i know you will enjoy the read, because it is totally for us mormon moms who need some clean fantasy in our lives.


it seems good to share good news with others.


i don't know if anyone checks this any more but this is the closest website to mormon mommy wars i could find and thought that might have been the product of this blog. anyway, i wrote a guest post in january of 2008 about losing my son to sids and i was wondering if one of you might have a copy of that somewhere because i lost mine. please contact me if you get this at melmck2@gmail.com. thank you.


i remember when i learned about your having pkd. it really struck me when you said that you ran to stop the pain. i mean running can be hard and to think that you run to stop the pain helps one realize more what a struggle this is. i know it also made it hard for you to become a mom the second time before you got your miracle daughter. i don't know how it was with your first. hope this finds all doing well as i know it has been years since you updated here.


arpkd sucks


this program has helped our household tremendously! there are so many bad websites and influences on our children.. - bryson  http://a7caby-tvm1o2wabqanfreod9y.hop.clickbank.net/


we must care such websites which are not good for children.


bad things ever effects your children.so we all have to care about it.


it's official.


new digs!


i agreed!


nice post dear:)


sydneyheadshotsandportraits helps you get professional headshots in 3 easy steps.https://www.sydneyheadshotsandportraits.com.au/corporate-headshots-sydney.htmladdress: 9 keriba street, the ponds 2769, australiaphone no : 0425 228 815


new house cleaning tip


heather o.,are you related to my wife?  it sounds like it.  after the last lost key melodrama, i went to the hardware store and had ten (10) sets of keys made for her car.  i gave her nine sets and kept a set which i hid on my side of the closet.  sure enough, a few months later she called and said she couldn't find a single one of her nine sets of keys.  and somehow it was my fault, lol.


a marital phone conversation:wife: i've lost my keys.husband: yikes.  where have you looked?wife: everywhere!!  do you have them.husband (who has his own truck and virtually never drives wife's car): no.wife:  look for them!!husband: (making sound like he is looking in gym bag):  they're not in my bag!wife: why don't you come home right now?!?husband:  um...it's 3:30...i've got class prep that i am doing...wife:  fine!  (slamming down phone)husband (to self): me at work at 3 o'clock in the afternoon?!?!  outrageous!


bwaa-hahahahahaaaaaaaaaaa!


i'm the key finder in my house, and my honey the key loser.  i just do my magic "think like a 2 year old" and there they are.  then i say, "you didn't leave them where the kids could reach them did you?"  he hates that line.  he can't even always blame it on the kids.  i rescued him at work today - again.  . . .locked keys in the car.  i'm the one who keeps a spare for him hidden in my closet.  oh, and i'm down to one key for my car.  where did the others go?  hmmmm. . . he's still blamming the kids.


after many, many things like this i have started leaving them on the seat of my car.  i have a garage and i figure if someone wants to steal my 15 year old car...more power to them. i can honestly say that this has made my mornings much, much easier! :-)as for the husband thing...early in our marriage my husband and i shared a car.  one winter he was in a trip to europe for two weeks for work.  the first day he was gone i searched and searched and searched for my keys. i was going crazy and when i finally called to tell him about it he sheepishly told me that he found my set of keys in his bag....right next to his set of keys.   they were our only copies...so i made him fedex them from france. :-)    sometimes it does work the other way...needless to say we then made a million more sets of keys and have them stashed everywhere.  :-)


9:52 pm.  still can't find the keys.  j said, "we'll never be able to drive our red car ever again!" and burst into tears at about 7:00.  stupid keys.


i read but i've never posted but i had to because i too lost my keys tonight!  went into the grocery for bread and ramen- that was it- no looking around in and out.  the keys were gone!  did 3 more trips on the same path with my 3 boys- age 5 and under.  did 3 searches of my purse- including the hole in the side.  called my dh to stop on his way home from work to pick us up and wondered how we could lose his wedding ring and our only set of keys in 2 days! some people from the neighborhood said hello and asked how i was so i told them.  how terrible! they said.  while we talked about my misfortune i did another search of my purse just for kicks.  went into the hole on the side again and dug a little deeper-  keys!!  i felt rather sheepish.  my five year old- "i told you it wasn't the money jingling in your purse mom!"  we're going tomorrow to see if we can get a copy of the key.  thanks for letting me share my lost key story.  you all have a really fun blog here!!


did you pray to find them? :)


i am continually loosing my keys. isn't that what they are for?i also always lose my sunglasses.it was a very enjoyable read.


have you found your keys yet?and yes, i've cleaned my house the exact same way bedfore.  the only difference is, i'd have been so desperate at the one hour mark, that's when i would've called a cab to take me to school!  i have an extra set of my classroom work keys on my husbands key ring.  i'm always having to use them.  we work in the same place, and it's usually when we're getting out of the car in the morning at work, when i yell out, oh no!!  i don't have my keys!!!!!!!


john byes, i've prayed.  j's prayed.  my mil has prayed.  still no luck.  my faith is clearly not sufficient.  dh left this morning to go to the honda dealership to buy us some more keys, just because a 2 day search is driving us all batty. stupid keys.


they should seriously have a paging device on keys like they do with phones!  i lost my keys (the ones to everything) a while back and have never been able to find them again!  we've since moved!watch, as soon as you bring the new keys home you'll find your old ones!  never fails!  good luck!  this was hilarious!


i just found this blog but have to contribute my all time best lost key story. a couple weeks ago, i got up at 2 a.m. to make sure the car was packed and ready to go at 5 a.m. so i could drive about four hours from seattle to north vancouver british columbia. yup. all ready to go and no car keys. i had to be on a 9:30 a.m. ferry and could not leave later than 5 a.m. --i was packed up for a week's volunteer work party and so looking forward to going. i prayed as i searched...and searched...and searched. i knew they must've fallen inside something so i went to the car and tore my bags apart after i'd looked "everywhere" else. i kept a good attitude and prayed "o.k., lord, you have important things for me to do here. i accept that." when i knew it was absolutely too late to make the ferry anyway, i took a friend's advice and went about my usual routine which included emptying the dishwasher. guess what?? keys in the dishwasher! yes, wet keys in the dishwasher! it was after 6 a.m. when i ran to the car to see if they would work. the car started so i decided to just go for it. i made it over the canadian border to the ferry with one half hour to spare! i had a fabulous week...even if the wet keys scared me a little when the locks clicked on and off occasionally at random.if you want to see why i was so motivated to travel, check out malibu bc canada!! it's only accessible by sea plane or boat and it's incredibly gorgeous!!michal ann (lake forest park wa)immichal at yahooi'm so thankful for my miracle.


thanks for your so informative post.


sydneyheadshotsandportraits helps you get professional headshots in 3 easy steps.https://www.sydneyheadshotsandportraits.com.au/corporate-headshots-sydney.htmladdress: 9 keriba street, the ponds 2769, australiaphone no : 0425 228 815


where's the dog whisperer when you need him?


if you find him let me know. boy my one dog is on a very short leash with me right now:digging,  barking at people on walks, chewing, and now maliciously fighting with our other dog.as if kids aren’t enough.i say try again. i didn’t think we were meant to be pet owners either, but eventually it is bound to work out. there is a dog out there with your family name, i promise.


i have a love/hate relationship with the animal shelter!  i'm just one of those people that go in there and want all of the animals and feel guilty when i leave empty handed!  they all look at you like "take me, take me"!  and then they look all sad when you pass them up! :(  see, i love the animals and going in there to check them out but hate leaving without them!sorry about ribs! i'm sure he would've rather gone home with you guys too!


i got my dog from the shelter - not one of those nice no-kill shelters either.  from the county pound where he was marked to be euthanized.  he was a year old (hes a oh so cute blonde short hair pony-style chihuahua).  he had been abused and abandoned and was very very scared.  he is the cutest dog ever now, even if he trys to scare off all new people who come to the house (chihuahuas are very protective).  he loves playing fetch.  if we had a yard, i would have gone home with every dog from the pound.


how disappointing!


how much of a disappointment for j and your family! i hate going to the shelter- mostly because i know so many of the animals are going to end up euthanized, and i want to take them all home- and my track record with pets is worse than yours...so, much like houseplants, i spare the creatures my being their mama. kids, i'm good. pets and plants, not so much.


we got our beautiful little girl from the shelter after she'd been abused and shot...yes, shot...by her previous owner.   the thing is, she is absolutely the sweetest dog you ever met.  she truly enriches my husband and my lives in immeasurable ways.  i'm a firm believer in the fact that the key to keeping a dog happy and thus the family happy - especially a dog like a lab or a german shorthaired pointer (which my little girl is) is to give the dog the exercise it deserves. so many people i know have "active" breeds that they leave in the house all day and then get upset that the dog has chewed through half the pillows in the house and eaten a hole in the couch.   but by taking our girl out for runs and long walks and a weekly visit to a huge dog park near us keeps her happy and too tired to destroy anything in our house.   h - i hope you do get a dog when it's the right dog for you and your family (and, equally as important, you're the right family for the dog).  when the match is right it's a beautiful relationship.  plus, not only does it give j a great constant companion (my girlhood dog knew all my deepest darkest secrets and was always there to let me cry in her fur) but is also a great way to teach more responsibility such as feedings, water, etc.


anonymous-i couldn't agree more. and the dog whisperer absolutely says that the most important thing is exercise for your dog, and that you can not have a balanced dog without lots and lots of exercise.  now, i do know some dogs that are the biggest cough potatoes around and are still the sweetest things, but i think as a general rule, you do have to exercise the crap out of your dog so they don't exhibit unappealing behaviors.  also, cesar millan says that most dogs can be balanced through exercise, discipline, and affection, in that order, no matter what breed or past experience.  dogs do not sit around brooding about their past, nor do they sit around planning how to be your leader or how they are going to attack that little girl down the street tomorrow.  they completely live in the moment, and if their lives are currently intertwined with a good leader, they are balanced, calm, and submissive.  everything you could want in a pet. that's his take on it, anyway.  i hope he's right, because so far, we ain't doin' so hot with rescue shelter dogs. i hope using his techniques and philosphy will help us get a good pet someday.


aw.  bummer.just make sure you do research.  a good site is dogbreedinfo.com.  it even shows you which breeds are good for kids.  labs are supposedly the #1 dog in america.  they are often very active and jump up.  they also often need a constant firm hand with discipline--they love companionship but have a mind of their own!  and they shed a lot.  golden retriever are a little bit more of people pleasers.  we have a labradoodle.  he's very good, but they are expensive!


cesar milan does have some good techniques, but i'd advise any dog owner or would-be owner to look into positive dog training, aka "clicker training" to help their dogs learn how to behave.  i especially recommend "culture clash" by jean donaldson & "the power of positive dog training" by pat miller.  fantastic books, both of them.  my new dog was sitting enthusiastically and frequently within 3 days of brining him home from the city animal shelter. the new york times had an article a while back about cesar milan, and mentioned how a number of his ideas (particularly about dominance) are quite outdated and have been discarded by most reputable trainers.  that said, i've only watched a few episodes, and haven't seen anything that was a huge red flag to me.  but things like the "alpha rollover" are really bad ideas, and a good way to get bitten.  and, true to my character as the defender of the misunderstood animal, you should check out my pit bull on my blog.  and guess what?  he retrieves, too.  his new favorite exercise is soccer, so i guess i'm going to be getting in shape, too.  ;o)brony, is he an inside dog?  does he have plenty of chew toys?  i highly recommend kongs stuffed with goodies.  they'll keep dogs occupied for quite sometime, even longer if you freeze them.


mindy-millan defends his use of the alpha rollover in his book.  he talks about the controversy, and why he feel it is effective.also, he doesn't disagree with clicker training, or anything else you want to do to get your dog to do tricks.  but his point and his philosphy is that dogs who can do tricks can still be unbalanced dogs, and that the overall energy of the pack is what will ultimately determine your dog's personality. case in point--my last dog could sit, stay, jump over a barrier, come, shake, and even crawl.  he was banned from the dining room/living room area, and never entered them while we were there. i taught him all of these things, and yet he still bit a small child at the playground.  bottom line--a dog who will perform for you does not necessarily a balanced dog make.


i can't access the full article anymore, but here's the link:  http://select.nytimes.com/gst/abstract.html?res=fa0612fe355a0c728fdda10894de404482all i'm saying is to explore other training philosophies.  when many of the current trainers (very successful in training working dogs, pets, etc) disagree with his techniques, it seems worth a look to me.  just because someone writes books and has a tv show doesn't make them the expert they might claim to be.  that said, i already mentioned that the few episodes of his show that i watched, i didn't see anything that struck me as really bad advice.  and i 100% agree that most dogs need a lot more exercise. so, i was just suggesting investigating other techniques as well (always a good idea no matter what the subject).  i've not read his books, but i may check them out if the library has them so i can form my own informed opinion.


even a dog who is submissive to you might bite a child-- especially if he fears children, or has body handling issues, or resource guards... all of those things can be, and need to be, dealt with separately from the dog's relationship with you.  i would also add, speaking as a dog trainer with more than 25 years experience, and whose caseload is about 60% aggression cases, that the best way to deal with those issues is with positive reinforcement.  force is not the best way to demonstrate leadership, and leadership does not control everything about a dog’s behavior.  if the dog fears children, he needs to be taught to be comfortable with them,-- not to have greater respect for you.  an analogy—if you are scared of something—say flying, is the solution to respect your husband more?  to respect your boss more?  no—clearly your respect for people in your life and your fears have little or nothing g to do with one another!


sydneyheadshotsandportraits helps you get professional headshots in 3 easy steps.https://www.sydneyheadshotsandportraits.com.au/corporate-headshots-sydney.htmladdress: 9 keriba street, the ponds 2769, australiaphone no : 0425 228 815


how bad a housewife are you really?


'pushing my way to ultimate slughood', with a 10!!! love the survey!!!! i do know, though , that i am a bit of a slob


if i ran the diswasher twice daily, there would be about 10 dishes in it each time. there is a definite difference between doing housework infrequently out of 'bad-housewife-ness' and doing out of lack of housework. oddly enough, i think less housework is harder to stay on top of, because it is harder to do things irregularly and infrequently. it's easier for me to do more dishes but do them everyday than it is for me to do fewer dishes every 2.5 days. i hope that makes sense.


this comment has been removed by a blog administrator.


i know i am a bad housewife.  today i noticed that the wall above my 4 year old daughters bed was not only really grimy with dirt from her feet being propped up there but it is also speckled with (what she revealed to me as) "crusty boogers from her nose". fabulous. who knows how long this has been going on. what i do know is that this kind of booger collection does not happen overnight. and have i cleaned it up yet? nope.


i'm having to post under this name as i upgraded to blogger beta and can't post comments on regular blogger accounts any more.riiiight...i got a 9.  but you didn't ask the right questions.  being clean and being untidy are two different things.  i couldn't have grot all over my kitchen or we'd all get the trots.  but ask how much mess seems to be all over the floor all the time...clutter everywhere, driving me crazy (and i run a scrapbooking business so there are inordinate amounts of paper in my house)...then i'm in the 50,000 points zone. lol


20 points. and i actually thought about this one. :) my kitchen stays fairly clean, because you can see it from the living room. of course, the living room stays pretty clean, because i have unexpected visitors quite frequently (blast them all!!) and several piano students each day. and if they can see into the kitchen, well, you know the answer to that!it's the bathroom and the laundry that get me. mostly laundry. i. hate. laundry.but i will say this: as the children get older and can do chores, for some reason it gets easier. i don't know if it's because i just keep having children and so i have to keep up with the housework, or if they really do help me, but whatever the case, it has gotten easier. starfoxy --you're right on about the dishes and such...


i am enjoying this blog, just because it gives me a new perspective into what my wife really deals with.  i will, however, refrain from giving my wife a score, as i value my life and would hate to endure her wrath.


cute post!  i actually like to keep my house "picked up" and feel like things are sanitary enough, but there are chores i hate doing that i put off as long as possible, like folding laundry and often put that off until everything is wrinkled.  our laundry room is in the basement, so the baskets of clean clothes are out of sight, out of mind....i'm reading a parenting book written by a mormon gal who sounds almost too on top of things.  one of the lines from the book was something about the need to put your kids before housework (i agree), but then she ended the thought with "the baseboards can wait until later."  the baseboards?  wha?  do people really clean those regularly?  eek!


what are baseboards? :)


hmm. i clean all the time (i have my priorities mixed up) and still got 9.  blast those crikey toddlers . . . aww, that's sad.  crikey...  poor croc hunter...


well, i'm sort of 2-pointer person on these, but as chrissie said, it's not so much the grime, as the clutter.  my house is full of clutter.  papers and books, and toys, and magazines, and art supplies, and clutter!  my husband likes things pretty clean, so if i go out with the kids, i may come home to find him washing windows or vacuuming or something.  i don't like gross bathrooms, so yeah, it's pretty easy to swish a toilet brush around or grab a clorox wipe and clean that rim every day or two, but the junk that overloads every surface... well, that's what might put me into the "bad housewife" category.  (and for the record, i currently am in a lucky situation to have full time househelp, but i am scoring myself on when i don't have help.  and anyway, even with a housekeeper, there is junk everywhere, because she doesn't know where to put all either!!)


for the past two months i have been working from home on a huge project, and my dh quit his job so that he could be here to help out while this is going on.  right now, he does all of the housework.  all of it. bow before me.


my husband's a much better housewife than i am. unfortunately, we're both working fulltime right now, and our teenagers are the worst. i never thought anyone could be worse than i am at keeping things clean.and it seriously is driving me crazy. our apartment is too small for this many people. no one told me that having teenagers is just like having a bunch of adults in your house. we don't have room for all this stuff. i've got surfboards, skateboards, snowboards, skimboards, wake skates and bikes (four of them!) in my living room. my husband's giant tool chest is in my sons' room. laundry is never done because we have to walk across the complex to do it. i need a bigger house and time to take care of it. probably not going to happen--so i need to downsize our stuff, whicb again i don't have time/energy for.


pushing my way toward slughood! oh, and paper plates, mama's- they rock, cut down on the dishes, and are cheap. paper plates are the answer...


proudly scoring an 11.i am a clean freak about my floors, i am always mopping, sweeping or vacuuming- the rest of the house? eh (shrug).i am all about laundry sitting clean in a moutain for days.  actually i wash about 5-6 loads a week (family of 4) and that doesn't include the dh's clothes.  after the first baby was born and i had even more laundry to do, i cut him off, he washes his own.  he no longer folds and puts clothes away- he lives out of a clean clothes basket and the dryer.  i don't care because i don't have to do it!


you know what works miracles? the magic eraser. truly.


30.  being serious.  work full time, husband works full time...but no kids, so, no guilt!  i could care less if my house is messy!  aren't the fruit flies what lets you know its time to clean?  actually, i don't really eat at home, so, thers rarely much mess. and i don't fold laundry.  ever.  most of our clothes cant go in the dryer, and those get hung on hangers to dry.  everything else lives in piles (we don't even own drawers to put it in).  i do laundry when i need something to wear, not a moment before.  and i do not own an iron, wear my shirts to work full of wrinkles, and i love it.we clean the floors the most, but mostly because we have a really stubborn not housetrained dog. and, yes, we just worry about keeping the living room and hall bathroom clean, cause thats what people see when they come over.  nothing else gets cleaned...thats what moving is for!  eat it martha!


"eat it martha!"i think that is the most brillant statement ever written on this blog.


this comment has been removed by a blog administrator.


17-20. even rating me kindly i'm a bad housewife.five years ago i would have rated a "5: superior." a few children less and the oldest child barely baptised.  you gals with lotsa small kids are in for a ride.


i scored an 11, and i didn't even think i was all that bad!  with 4 little kids (the oldest is five) i guess i don't see how anyone could have the energy or even presence of mind to keep up with housework when it seems the kids have made it thier goal in life to make any effort futile!  i have a friend who would score a 3, (if it were possible, a zero) and i would love, love, love for her to "drop the bad housewife charade".  she constantly apologizes when i come over for her "filthy" house or makes jokes about how bad she is at keeping her house clean yet you look around and see a  spotless, clutterfree home with perpetual vaccuum lines on the carpet.  i'm starting to think she has issues....


anon-i'm sure you are just fine.  please don't take this quiz that seriously, folks.  it did just come up from the blubbering recesses of my own brain, and that's all.  i just wanted to make the point that most of us really say, "hey, i'm a rotten housewife", when really we are doing just fine.  and i do get really bugged when somebody tells me that she has a crazy, messy house, and i get all prepared to like her the more for it, and then i go over to a basically clean house that has a few pieces of mail on the counter.  puleeze.


first time i've ever posted something like this, but this hit a nerve. yeah, gotta say, i think i've out grossed you all. i gave up counting after 20 or so. my excuse? i got 4 kids- 2 w special needs, autism/adhd/dev delayed. oldest is 10, my youngest is almost 3. i have declared a strike on cleaning until i get some help. my policy is- you have to clean your own so you can handle it when you are grown up- cuz i'm not coming over to do it 4 you. (but they are kids and don't get the big picture yet.) is it worth it to freak out and scream at everyone in order to get the housework done? asking nice and playing cute games doesn't work. we are too stinkin busy to be cleaning all the time- and i'm not a fast cleaner, but when i do a job, its good. but four kids and the neighborhood friends come thru and in (timed it) 3 minutes... destroyed! couldn't tell my house from an abandoned toxic junk yard.  so here is the question- am i a bad mom if i don't keep my house as clean as the jone's next door? how do ya fit it all in? just keeping it all up w/ school crud, special needs mtgs, church callings, getting 72hr kits and yrs supply stuff, shopping, family stuff and fixing whatever crisis happens along... i'm the one who gets called last minute when something goes wrong in the ward. i don't mind- but something has to give... i don't have time to be a 'becky home-ecky' as much as i'd love to be. i see all the clean houses around and wonder how they all do it? of course, clutter abounds here, cuz as soon as 1 kid out grows it, another grows into it. so it grows... laundry everywhere, it has an altitude in our house, washed when we can smell it. (doesn't help when half 'was' clean when kids empty drawers onto the floor, then 'clean' their rooms right down the laundry chute. and i hate the dirty sink bugs- but is it bad to be thankful the bugs are natures way of helping you clean up? kidding of course... or am i? hmm..  i'm dying to know- how do you all do it? to do the cleaning, keep the kids & dh happy, church callings, work, life, relationships, and all the bumps that come along the way without going insane from the guilt of not being enough? i know i'm not the only one, so speak up and let me know how you do it?a crazy midwestern suburban mom...


i had to use creative scoring, as i am very good about doing the dishes, but i only mop my floors once in a blue moon.  i am very good about washing laundry, but only sporadically good about folding it and putting it away.  i like to think i am slowly pushing away from ultimate slughood, with occasional backsliding.  okay, frequent backsliding.  my house is very cluttered, but i do strive valiantly for not gross.i also hate it when someone apologizes for her dirty house when her house isn't even remotely untidy, let alone dirty.  i always make a mental note that this person must never be permitted to enter my front door, as she will undoubtedly have a heart attack at the sight of an actually-dirty house.i stopped apologizing for the mess at my house because a) i feel confident that there's always somebody with a messier house than i have and b) people with messier houses than yours serve to make you feel better about yourself, so i like to perform that service for others, if i can.  so instead of "i'm sorry," it's an implied "you're welcome."


this was a very fun post. i have found that the mess in my house migrates. if the kitchen is clean and the boys' room is clean, then my bedroom is a disaster. if the laundry is caught up, the dishes are stacked up or the fridge is totally empty, or maybe both. i'm working on finding a balance....


madhousewife, you are right on.  i'm always hoping to find an untidy house.  i am always apologizing for my messy house, but after you've known someone five years and they've never seen it clean, the excuses start to ring a little hollow :-)my real excuse, not the one i usually say, is that my mom never taught me how to clean.


thank god i found someone else that is having these issues.is a mom of 5 kids 10 to 4 yrs old and the workload is unbearable . dh thinks i don't try  but i do. but then he does not help and often the kids don't either. its a losing battle in my view as its 5 kids to one parent horrible odds.he is always criticizing my cleaning which does not make me feel good nor in the mood to clean.


good job! :)


50+?starfoxy's comment makes so much sense. run the dishwasher for less than 10 items? it makes no sense in what it uses in water & electricity.cheryl's "what are baseboards? :)"  describes our place so well.i'm mr. mom at times, due to our career situation right now. it's funny that i try commercial cleaners on sinks & tubs to get rid of hard water crud, but have found that pouring vinegar on a paper & setting that on the affected area works much better.-mike h.


some of them are not good but we can not blame all of them.


i also met a lady like this so i'm not happy to them.


very interesting survey indeed, but sometimes we do require some outside help when it comes to deep cleaning. giving the place a so called once over.


sydneyheadshotsandportraits helps you get professional headshots in 3 easy steps.https://www.sydneyheadshotsandportraits.com.au/corporate-headshots-sydney.htmladdress: 9 keriba street, the ponds 2769, australiaphone no : 0425 228 815



bloggerhacks 


links to the bloggernacle





a soft answer
by common consent
exponent ii 
feminist mormon housewives
lds blogs
lds women blogs
millennial star
splendid sun
times and seasons
blogs that make us smile
the blog of happiest fun
book nut
chubby girl brigade
 the daily moos
dandelion mama's musings
daring young mom
 every day i write the book 
just sayin'
lisa's ramblings 
living with pkd 
 me and my big mouth 
 must love books
naiahdot
 new cool thang
nothing hard about it
praying for parker 
paisley and polkadots
queen serene
scribble
shape of a mother
tales from the crib
unlimited tater tots
zelophehads daughters
previous posts

i guess they can't hear the people in my head
arpkd sucks
it's official.
new digs!
new house cleaning tip
where's the dog whisperer when you need him?
how bad a housewife are you really?
ernesto
boys will be boys
bed rest

archives

march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
november 2008
april 2009









 














