








lia scallon - sounds of sirius

























































































 





login

																			not registered yet? register


username or email address *



password *



 

 remember me												


lost your password?




0

cart









 






lia scallon

about lia

lia scallon – biography 
the language of light – a personal journey 


event calendar 
music releases 
music background 
media 
sounds of sirius testimonials 
articles 
gallery 
podcasts 
youtube 


music

song of revelation 
return of the star elders 
invisible light 
song of the sidhe 
the luminous pearl 
crystal keys 
first little angels on earth 
song of love for the animals 
diamond light meditation – women 
diamond light meditation – men 
breath of life 
starsong 
song of the earth 
sos compilation 
covr-return of the star elders 
covr-temple of the maya 
distribution

australia 
usa distribution 
uk distribution 
europe 
licensing & copyright 




latest news 
sacred travels

ireland

mystical ireland adventure 2017 
the sidhe  – ireland 2014 
equinox in ireland 2012 


usa

sedona magic   – arizona 2014 
the secret garden  –  san francisco 2014 
beam me up scottie!   – new mexico 2014 


mexico

journey of love – rivers of cosmic light 
soul journey to mexico – 2006 
mexico journey 2010 


australia

the master crystal skull solar 
‘solar’s’ sydney adventures 
the master skull solar 
the egyptians in australia  – 2014 
rainforest galactic transmission 
reconnection in the rainforest  – 2014 
a sacred night of nights 




online store

mp3s 
cds 
sidhe 
sos crystal skulls 
vogel-style crystal wands 
sos crystal water bottles 
jewellery 
healing tools 
crystal unicorns 
source stone 
lithographic prints 
specials 
vibrational essences 


sounds of source

event information 
sydney 
far north queensland 
melbourne 
south queensland 
the master skull solar 
sos source stone 


contact 




facebookyoutubesoundcloudonline store orders within australia
* free postage on cds
* free postage orders over $200
* $15 flat-rate postage on all other orders
international orders
* postage calculated at checkout
visit the online store

 













 

























welcome to the sounds of sirius
lia scallon is an award-winning composer and sacred songstress whose highly acclaimed  sounds of sirius  series of healing music albums have garnered many music industry awards and nominations over the past two decades. described as mystical, magical, and transcendent, lia’s unique, otherworldly vocals transport the listener to a place of utter peace. these are songs to soothe and uplift the soul.
since awakening to her starseed gifts 33 years ago, lia’s soul mission has been to assist in raising the frequency of humanity in readiness for the momentous ‘shift of the ages’ now upon us. all her compositions are direct transmissions from source, gifted to help expand consciousness, and to awaken, activate and heal the listener.
another purpose of these galactic frequencies is to restore the harmonics of the earth’s crystalline grid. in her role as sirian emissary of light, light language code bearer, and crystal skull caretaker, lia has journeyed to many of the planet’s ancient power portals to re-ignite specific master crystals that have lain dormant, and help amplify the portal’s energetic signature with her sacred source songs. her work with the songlines of australia, the place she now calls home, and the ancestral magic of ireland, the land of her birth, has been an ongoing privilege and joy.








new video!song of revelation is a deeply moving musical journey gifted to uplift body, mind, and spirit during these times of great challenge.





tibetan gold!tibetan skygods wins the gold medal in the 2023 covr visionary awardsthank you to everyone who voted
lia truly appreciates your support






















			"brilliantly produced, lovingly created, lia scallon’s outstanding and glorious new release, ‘song of the sidhe’ is a complete treasure.”   		



			one world music 
				
				soundsofsirius.com/latest-news/praise-for-song-of-the-sidhe/








			"scallon’s crystalline vocal floats in the air like some diaphanous mist. you can feel the magic.”   		



			 rj lannan 
		- zone music reporter








			 “renowned vocalist lia scallon redefines new age vocal music on 'song of the sidhe'. scallon transports the listener to the realm of myth and legend, brought alive with beautiful music and haunting vocals.”  		



			bill binkleman 
		- - zone music reporter








			"in all my years of reviewing music, i can't think of anyone who sounds like her. she is unique."
		



			bill binkleman - zone music reporter 
				
					
		

	
















latest news




magic happened on the 8.8.8!my heartfelt gratitude to all who joined with me to mark this year’s very special, triple-infinity 8.8.8 sirian lion’s gate. many of you had magical experiences and some of your stories were truly inspirational. thank you for letting me share them here to inspire others too.
read more8.8.8 lion’s gate stargate2024 is an 8 year which means the upcoming lion’s gate falls on the 8.8.8 – the symbol of infinity tripled. the energy amplification of having three 8’s amplifies the abundance and manifestation power of the number 8 exponentially. in the last few days i’ve been shown specifics of what i need to do to mark this very special 8.8.8 lion’s gate sirian stargate.
read more

load more...










sounds of sirius online store






 
			vogel-style crystal wands (17) 





 
			specials (7) 





 
			mp3s (18) 





 
			cds (17) 











copyright © sounds of sirius ™ 2020 privacy policy





 











































