

























good foods co-op – open every day 8 am – 8 pm































 







































          open every day 8 am – 8 pm        








home
current store hours
curbside pickup with webcart
menus
about the co-op

our history
meet the board
our mission & values
community
be an owner
owner benefits


products

become a vendor
departments
meet the producers
staff picks
product & return policy
zero waste shopping


our people – now hiring!

our people
job listings


news & events

events
the good foods’ blog


sign up for our e-news!
 
















contact information 859.278.1813
455-d southland drive, lexington, ky 40503
goodfoods@goodfoods.coop
 

          open every day 8 am – 8 pm        








donate nowclick to learn moreshop your co-op anytime online 

click here for details & to shop!local products. locally owned.become an ownerthere are numerous benefits to becoming an owner - find out what they are!

co-op deals 
today's hot buffet



everything you need to know about keto: an overviewco-op newsintroduction: the ketogenic diet, commonly known as the keto diet, has gained immense popularity in recent years for its potential to aid in weight loss, improve metabolic health, and enhance mental clarity. this low-carb, high-fat diet has been around for nearly a century, initially designed to treat epilepsy. over time, its applications expanded, and it … read more.
cooking up some action: a little of this; a little of that!blogthis article has been graciously provided by sylvia lovely, host of food news and chews, on 97.3 fm and 590 am radio! i say i am not your usual foodie despite having a radio program and podcast, food news and chews radio. simply, that means that i’m pretty easy to please – i like to … read more.
 


upcoming events
          currently, there are no scheduled events.        

we're hiring
current openings













good foods co-op 455-d southland drive, lexington, ky 40503
859.278.1813
goodfoods@goodfoods.coop
 
























































				click the picture to start shopping!			

 

 


			close			





 














 


