






sarsat | search and rescue satellite aided tracking






























































noaa
weather
oceans & coasts
fisheries
charting
satellites
climate
research




















department of commerce (doc)  •  national oceanic and atmospheric administration (noaa)



sarsat search and rescue satellite-aided tracking






satellites  •  406 beacons















sarsat
search and rescue satellite-aided tracking



satellites  •  406 beacons












home

about us

welcome to sarsat
mission
history
overview
joint partnership


u.s. saves

documents

media & press
system documentation
sarsat meetings/ workshops



resources

why register your beacon
cospas-sarsat
sarsat statistics
faqs
sarsat acronyms



be prepared

prevent false alerts
plan your adventure
beacon testing


partners
register your beacon














search criteria

 












 


















noaa satellites helped save 411 lives in 2024

noaa’s fleet of advanced satellites are essential for predicting weather and climate, and last year they also helped rescue 411 people from potentially life-threatening situations throughout the united states and its surrounding waters.
click to learn more…












assisted by alaska state troopers,  coast guard rescues 2 fishermen near kodiak island

a commercial fishing vessel’s emergency position-indicating radio beacon (epirb) proved critical in the rescue of  2 fishermen whose vessel capsized in frigid waters near kodiak island, alaska this january. 
click here for video footage of the rescue…












lifesaving partners

sarsat’s success is reliant on the partnership between its founding us federal agencies… noaa, nasa, daf and uscg
more on partnership…












sarsat 406 beacon awareness day 2024

april 6 is also known as 406 day in honor of the frequency used by distress beacons. this interactive story map outlines why this day is celebrated.
click to learn more…












celebrating 40 years of sarsat

2022 marked the 40th anniversary of the first lives saved using satellite aid. this interactive story map takes a look at the evolution of this search and rescue system through the years.
click to learn more…












saving lives since 1982

406 beacons continue to prove themselves a lifesaver in remote areas. here are details on beacons-related u.s. rescues.
click to learn more…












search and rescue (sar)

sar crews closest to the location of the distress are tasked to carry out the emergency response
more on sar…












406 emergency distress beacons

cospas-sarsat 406 mhz beacons are capable of transmitting a distress signal thousands of miles into space
more on 406 beacons…












satellite system
five different satellite constellations support the sarsat system, providing comprehensive coverage worldwide
more on the sar satellite system…












meosar satellites

medium earth orbit search and rescue satellites -the latest innovation in satellite aided search and rescue
more on meosar…












local user terminals
luts, also known as ground stations, receive and process distress beacon signals picked up by satellite
more on luts…












mission control center(mcc)
operators monitor and validate incoming 406 distress beacon data from satellites
more on mccs…












rescue coordination center (rcc)
the location and other relevant information regarding the distress are sent to an rcc who initiate a rescue mission
more on rccs…












search and rescue (sar)
sar crews closest to the location of the distress are tasked to carry out the emergency response
more on sar…











saving lives since 1982


to date over 50,000 people worldwide, in distress situations, have been rescued because they carried a 406 beacon as part of their survival gear.





register your 406 beacon


that is the fastest and simplest way for sar authorities to respond to your distress or confirm a false alert. all u.s. coded beacons must be registered with noaa


register now











about sarsat
find out how we detect and locate aviators, mariners and land-based 406 beacon users in distress using space-based tech.




click to learn more…







lives saved
406 beacons continue to prove themselves a lifesaver in remote areas. here are details on beacons-related u.s. rescues.




click to learn more…







what you can do
knowing how to properly operate your 406 beacon avoids costly false alerts and unnecessary sar crew deployment.




click to learn more…













for important information on ameri-king elt air worthiness directives, recalls on kannad epirbs, how to avoid  inadvertant 406 beacon activations, and a warning regarding unapproved beacon batteries, visit our safety notices page.











publications







beacons







satellites







luts







mcc







rccs








sar







videos







faqs










videos






cospas-sarsat – how it works






how long before i am rescued?






cospas-sarsat – the first generation


how sarsat began.



 
more videos






news






assisted by alaska state troopers,  coast guard rescues 2 fishermen near kodiak island






noaa satellites were pivotal in the rescue of 411 lives in 2024






coast guard rescues 2 from downed aircraft near little black river in georgia




 
more news





 










   –     privacy    –     disclaimer    –     foia    –    contact  webmaster    –     ready.gov    –     usa.gov    –     site map    –   








parent organizations





department of commerce (doc)







national oceanic and atmospheric administration (noaa)







web site owner: sarsat








learn


about sarsat


satellite constellations


406 distress beacons


why register your beacon


noaa corps


plan your adventure




find


media/ press


country code


hex id


regulations


 – epirb regulations


 – elt regulations


 – plb regulations




explore


system documentation


noaa careers


cospas-sarsat system




connect


contact


help


frequently asked questions


how are we doing?


feedback





 



































