
























the application service for ontario's public colleges | ontariocolleges.ca

































































skip to main content








about us
newsletter
apply / log in
français

















français
newsletter
about us




applying


how to apply - canadian applicants
how to apply - international applicants
mobile
important dates
application fees
transcripts
supporting documents
program types
highly competitive programs
skilled trades
admission requirements
immigrant applicants
u.s. applicants
mature students
offers of admission
transfer credits



colleges


choose a college
why college
college map
contact the colleges
college recruitment
paying for college



programs


faq


frequently asked questions
admission requirements
ai advisor
application fees
college information
equity, diversity and inclusion
important dates
indigenous applicants
international applicants 
offers of admission
online application
password and technical issues
programs
services
transcripts
tuition and financial aid



search




search

clear button









search














apply / log in
 search








close




search

clear button









search














apply now
already have an account? log in.

available now – programs starting august 2025 - july 2026


















 why college?


 college is...


 how do i... 


 news & events 








important information


the application for 2025-2026 programs is open!
you can now apply to ontario college programs that start between august 2025 and july 2026. explore our website to research colleges and the application process.


don’t forget about scholarships!
there are hundreds of scholarships and bursaries available to students. if you're attending college in ontario be sure to check out our advice on paying for college!


college faculty labour negotiations
the union representing college faculty has agreed to enter into binding arbitration, avoiding a labour disruption. for more details, visit our ontario college faculty labour negotiations page.








employers are actively seeking tradespeople right now. college trades features a broad selection of skilled trades college programs offered in ontario.
find your trade today!
visit the college trades site




ontario's colleges are at the forefront of technology, innovation and workforce development, preparing students for success in the cutting-edge careers of tomorrow.











why college?
top 10 reasons to choose ontario's colleges.
learn more about why you should choose college







college is...




flexible
ontario college program and delivery options let you choose how you want to learn. from prep and bridging courses to university transfer agreements, employee partnerships, hands-on work experience and more, there are more options than ever for finding your fit.



economical
higher education pays off. for every $1 invested in an ontario college education, graduates receive a cumulative $3.20 more in their future wages. for number crunchers, that's an unprecedented 14.3 percent rate of return.



innovative
ontario's colleges and 750 industry partners are innovating together. to date, more than 10,000 students are involved in groundbreaking research and innovation projects, with an additional 1,000 students receiving support to pursue entrepreneurial ideas.



supportive
ontario's colleges work with you to succeed. with financial assistance options, disability services, tutoring programs, onsite counselling and so much more, you'll have the support you need at every step as you work toward the future you've always wanted.









how do i...


accept an offer?


get my transcript?


pay for my schooling?


transfer credits?


apply as an international student?


apply as a mature student?


find resources for immigrant applicants?


find out more about skilled trades?











news & events


 on to college newsletter


if you’re considering college, there’s a lot of information to unravel. sign up for our newsletter and we’ll send you the latest information about college programs and campuses, as well as tips for applying, key date reminders, and how to make the most of your college experience!

subscribe to the on to college newsletter


 skills ontario competition


interested in the skilled trades? then check out the skills ontario competition. canada’s largest trades event, it gives students an opportunity to compete in a variety of trades challenges. attendees can visit and interact with booths and watch the competition take place from may 6-7, 2024.

learn more about the skills ontario competition



view all news & events






download the app and start exploring today.













apply today.  change tomorrow.






learn more


about us


how to apply - canadian


how to apply - international


important dates


transcripts


supporting documents


offers of admission


paying for college


programs




need help?

help centre
contact us
toll free (in canada): 1-888-892-2228phone: 519-763-4725
email: ask-us@ontariocolleges.ca
mailing address:60 corporate courtguelph, on  n1g 5j3
hours
monday to thursday phones: 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. etchat: 8:30 a.m. - 5:30 p.m. et
fridayphones: 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. etchat: 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. et






































© 2025 ocas. all rights reserved.


privacy policy


terms of use


accessibility


sitemap


land acknowledgement


status updates









back to top







this website uses cookies in order to optimize your personalized experience, support website analytics and to deliver advertising. for more information, read our cookie policy.





accept















