




  






home - long beach lgbtq+ chamber of commerce, ca





























 









































search









pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events





























































member login









contact us




















 toggle navigation   

















search









pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events





























































member login









contact us















about

about us
our mission statement
board of directors


events

resources

grants & resources



membership

become a member
membership application
membership benefits
membership levels
corporate partners
our affiliate chambers
member login



member directory

member listings
business categories
member to member discounts
consumer discounts
printed directory distribution



visit long beach

visit gay long beach 
tourism resources
wedding resources
lbglcc local reviews


contact


































join for the business.  stay for the community!

















                                                    we build business equality
                                                

                                                    your place to establish and find support as an lgbtq+ or ally-owned business in long beach
                                                

become a member today!











                                                    learning together
                                                

                                                    providing opportunities to grow through regular luncheons.
                                                

                                                    check out our events
                                                










                                                    community awaits
                                                

advocating together for business equality since 1992














find us on instagram!

powered by curator.io

 






















our members have direct access to buyers



in 2019, california senate bill 255 was passed, requiring suppliers of california public utilities with gross annual revenues of $15 million to submit an annual plan to increase procurement of small, local, and diverse businesses for contracts, followed by a report on how that plan was followed. in addition, many larger businesses have implemented these same mandates internally. our unique position as an lgbtq+ chamber of commerce which helps certify members in this process also allows us to put our members directly in touch with business owners who are looking for them.
just one more way that lbglcc benefits our members and the lgbtq+ community.



























thanks to our sponsors



thanks to our sponsors:









 

 





















mark your calendar



every day is beautiful in green valley
with a wide variety of events and opportunities, green valley has something to offer everyone. celebrate the fun of the minnesota state fair with us each summer. enjoy a scenic stroll through our many parks or play a round of golf at one of our three courses. have your picture taken with the world’s largest owl and marvel at all the beautiful outdoor murals throughout the town.

our community offers a thriving economy, superb schools, traditional values, faith and fellowship, helpful services, and many entertainment options. green valley is truly the ideal place for new ventures and new growth because every day is abeautiful day.














view all events »











































chamber news


























learn more


















not a member?




find out about all the great member benefits and how easy it is to sign up!
read more »















find out what’s happening in long beach.




much thanks to the long beach convention and visitors bureau for this information.
read more »















planning a special event?




have we got someone for you! check out our members that provide services for your very special event.
read more »



































newsletter sign-up




stay updated on recent events, news, happenings and business.































































































building business. building community.

















































 long beach lgbtq+ chamber of commerce

  2201 n. lakewood blvd, d670, long beach, ca 90815

  562. 231.6922

  info@lbglcc.org





























































© copyright 
                        
                        long beach gay & lesbian chamber of commerce. all rights reserved.





















 


