




welcome - sisters of st. francis of assisi, st. francis, wi























 




search our site
follow us on facebook
follow us on linkedin
follow us on instagram

accessibility toolbar













menu



homewho we are mission and charismchapter 2023-2027 vision & commitmentshistoryhistory overviewcorporate ministriesleadershipjustice and peacelaudato si'global outreachfranciscan spiritualityabout franciscan spiritualityrieti hermitagepeace prayer videosaisling retreat houseprayer requestssisters todayobituariesnewsnews and eventsfor the mediapublications175th anniversary sponsors and public eventsget involvedbecome an associateemploymentshoppoverello creationscornerstone gift shopvisitcontactdonatedonate nowsupport our sistersspecial needs and campaignsother ways of givinggiving societiesdonor storiesenrollment cards and calendarsunderwriting and event sponsorships 











previous slide◀︎
next slide▶︎




 



 



 



mary jerome and richelle
sisters of st. francis of assisi
st. francis day reception 2021 at st. francis convent


 





who are we called to be today?
with a rich history of faithful commitment to service, a spirit of determination and innovation, and trust in god’s providence, we, as sisters of st. francis of assisi, have left our mark on society in many ways. founded in 1849 on land near the beautiful lake michigan shore, our congregation was the first foundation of vowed franciscan women to be established in the united states. throughout our history, we have ministered to those less fortunate, been innovators in the field of special education, and served the world as teachers, pastoral ministers, healthcare professionals, and activists for social justice. 
today, our legacy is alive through the corporate ministries we founded and the lives they have influenced. as franciscans, we are called to care for each other, transform our community into a source of hope for today’s world, and welcome a future full of promise and possibility. 








meet sister kathleen hurley
 click here to read about her life of service to the community.
the sisters of st. francis of assisi have served, and continue to serve, in many different ministries – from education to pastoral care; from health care to advocacy for social justice causes; as environmental stewards and innovators in services to the developmentally disabled.
learn about other sisters by going to the sisters today page and selecting one of the sister profiles.










quick links & resources

ministries
publications
support us
laudato si'
employment
become an associate
poverello creations
cornerstone gift shop


charity isn't about pity.
it's about love.
- st. teresa of calcutta (mother teresa)



latest news



 sister joanne schatzlein represents religious at archbishop grob's installation
  sister joanne greeted the new leader of the archdiocese... read more...




 special year-end gift for december donors
to celebrate our 175th anniversary, we are excited to offer... read more...




 we did it! 
 sister margaret gardner, osf, 103 years old, was truly a... read more...












sisters of st. francis of assisi
                          3221 south lake drive
                          st. francis, wisconsin 53235
414-744-1160
contact us
privacy policy




follow us on facebook
follow us on linkedin
follow us on instagram





by webteam inc - a la crosse wisconsin website design and development firm








go to top




a
a
a
a
u

a +
a -
revert back to original



