




shc, inc.























mlongwit@shcinctn.com
800-737-8988











quote request






800-737-8988




















home

about us

our company
our capabilities
management team
testimonials




custom cylinders


capabilities

wash & paint line







telescopic

telescopics: crosstube mounts
telescopics: trunnion mounts



cylinder repair
faq























manufacturing the highestquality and most durablehydraulic cylinders in the industry
learn more







our custom capabilities allow us to offerlimitless design flexibility and innovation
get quote request







shc, inc.has closed our repair department effective nov. 1, 2021.
learn more





















capabilities

shc, inc. specializes in custom-built, welded, hydraulic cylinders.
learn more




quote request

for a personalized quote on a custom-built cylinder order, please send a quote request.
learn more




telescopics

shc manufacturers a marion style line of telescoping hydraulic cylinders.
learn more



expert manufacturers of custom hydraulic cylinders
at shc, inc., we are experts at creating custom hydraulic cylinders for your needs. we make single acting, double acting, and telescopic welded rod cylinders in a time frame typically 2 to 10 weeks quicker than any other manufacturer.
efficiency is our specialty which is why we can be competitive when producing your specialized cylinders. you’ll soon find out why we’ve been the leading custom hydraulic cylinder manufacturers in the us since 1989.
customers come to us for speed and efficiency. customers stay with us because of quality service and quality cylinders. every component of every cylinder is manufactured at our athens, tn facility so you can expect the unparalleled quality of a 100% american made product. we oil test each and every cylinder we manufacture to ensure optimal performance and customer satisfaction.
welded hydraulic cylinders for all industries
we specialize in the manufacture and supply of custom-built, welded hydraulic cylinders for a variety of industries and can craft custom hydraulic cylinders for any application imaginable. if your hydraulic cylinder requires small quantities (one-time or repetitively) or short lead times, we can accommodate your needs. for large quantities, our precision and repeatability is second to none.
because we create and manufacture our own custom hydraulic cylinders, we have almost limitless scope when it comes to innovation and design flexibility. whatever kind of custom hydraulic cylinder you need – from a single acting rod cylinder to telescopic hydraulic cylinder – for any application, ranging from road work to waste removal to automotive recovery, our engineers will tailor-make a cylinder specifically for you.
leading hydraulic cylinder manufacturer
shc, inc. has been one of the leading hydraulic cylinder manufacturers since 1989, and will continue to offer high quality, custom-made hydraulic cylinders for original equipment manufacturers (oem), in any industry.
whether you’re looking for a single or double acting, hydraulic cylinder, a telescoping hydraulic cylinder, or any other in between, we are your experts. call us today at 800-737-8988.






























								© 2025 shc, inc.
								all rights reserved.




















about our company

shc, inc. was founded in 1989.

							their vision was to create a company that manufactures the highest quality and most durable hydraulic cylinders in the industry, while making the start to finish process simple and satisfying for our clients.

read more ...





tags


custom hydraulic cylinder
cylinder
double acting telescopic cylinder
double acting welded rod cylinder
hydraulic cylinder
single acting telescopic cylinder
single acting welded rod cylinder
telescopic cylinder





quote request


telescopic quote
rod quote







get in touch



shc, inc.


3020 lee highway
athens, tn 37303


								phone: 800-737-8988
								fax: 423-744-8974










home
about us
capabilities
custom hydraulic cylinders
telescopic
cylinder repair
faq
sitemap









