toledo restaurants: find restaurant information and reviews in toledo by diningguide
homeaboutcontacttoledo restaurantsmobile versionadd your restaurant (free) suggest a restaurant dining search bookmark this page metroguide.network > diningguide > toledo home pagetoledo restaurantsrestaurant posts“we are a create your own stir fry restaurant”“we are a family owned and operated business where you create your own stir fry.

we fea…”posted by: blue pacific grill“zia's is where you'll feel like family”“located next door to real seafood company on "the docks." in toledo, zia's opened it's do…”posted by: zias“glendale at reynolds rd.”“great sports bar theme is sports casual, 15 hd tv's, a great casual atmosphere, atrium an…”posted by: south end bar & grillerestaurants may post descriptions here without charge.reader reviews“best in toledo”member, mark, toledo - “we just happened upon this place as it is in the same sho…”said about: fetoosh deli“support a locally owned small businesses!”private member, toledo - “when you move to a new neighborhood, one of the things …”said about: south end pizza company“avoid this restaurant!”tae, toledo - “unless you want hair in your food delivered with a rude man…”said about: city hall grille & drinkswe welcome readers to share opinions.by location » by type » (try keyword "dinner reservations" or a zip code)
welcome to metroguide.network's toledo diningguide, 
a directory of restaurants and related restaurant information for metropolitan toledo, ohio.  use metroguide's diningguide service to find toledo restaurants by location or cuisine.
toledo -- where actor burt reynolds was first to sign a tony packo's hot dog bun for its front street wall now lined with more than 1,000 autographed rolls -- is known for a remarkably high quotient of eateries per capita, dishing up a kaleidoscope of ethnic fare from indian, italian, greek and mexican to polish, lebanese and beyond. packo's, of course, is the icon eatery launched in 1932 by a toledo factory worker with a $100 loan from relatives. struggling at first, the depression-era restaurant got rolling after dime sausage sandwiches were sliced, slathered in secret sauce, with each half marketed at a more palatable nickel. reynolds kick-started the fun bun thing in 1972 when performing at a nearby auditorium. global fame followed in 1976 when jamie farr -- a toledo native playing the cross-dressing corporal max klinger in television's m*a*s*h -- delivered an episodic line: "if you're ever in toledo on the hungarian side of town, tony packo's got the greatest hungarian hot dogs. thirty five cents ... ." old country cuisine purists understand there's no such thing as a hungarian hot dog. but packo's hungarian dogs are hot in toledo, where the versatile restaurant line-up around town extends from fricker's @ the field, serving up "world famous wings" for toledo mud hens play, to a barn of a place called the barn, specializing in buffet spreads. durty bird is a high-flyer for nocturnal after-game entertainment, and the crazy horse at raceway park serves prime rib, steaks, and chops amid harness racing frenzy. grumpy's deli in the warehouse district handles yens for eclectic fare while gumbo's bayou grille on main street dispenses pure cajun from jambalaya to etouffee. beirut sets the standard for lebanese and middle eastern favorites washed down by imported liquors, beer and wine. romanticists head to fifi's, with lilting piano on weekends, or to eileen's wine & martini bar, a cozy spot downtown at the riverfront. the toledo zoo's neon-lit carnivore café turns the tables, putting patrons, instead of animals, behind cage bars. schmucker's, on reynolds road, has pulled some 20 varieties of soul satisfying pie from the oven since 1948, while cousino's navy bistro at the docks downtown seduces with hazelnut crème brulee amid nautical atmosphere. finally, tony packo's, on front street, in sylvania, and elsewhere, joins toledo's downtown revitalization, expanding in spring 2006 with packo's at the park, peddling ever more hungarian dogs, chili, chicken paprika, stuffed cabbage, strudel and dumplings. as farr now says in syndicated reruns, "if you're ever in toledo ... ."

diningguide toledo is part of metroguide toledo, offering guides to shopping, hotels, entertainment and more for the entire region.

toledo dining by location

to perform a quick search for restaurants in the metropolitan toledo 
area, please select one of the locations below 
(restaurant listings will be grouped by cuisine / category):

·greater toledo
restaurants located in the greater toledo area including the cities of northwood, rossford, oregon and others

·maumee
dining options in and around the city of maumee, adjacent and to the south of toledo. this area also includes the cities of holland, perrysburg and others

·findlay
dining options located in and around the city of findlay, including the communities of bowling green, fostoria and others

·surrounding communities
restaurants located in toledo's surrounding communities including adrian, dundee, defiance and others

·detroit metro
restaurants northeast of toledo, in the greater detroit area, including neighboring communities in southeastern michigan 

·port clinton
restaurants in port clinton, east of toledo on the south coast of lake erie, including the communities of castalia, elmore, gibsonburg and others

toledo dining by cuisine

or, select a cuisine / category from the list presented below (restaurant listings will be grouped by location).
low-carb itemsamericanamerican - casualasianbakerybarbequebuffetcafecajunchickenchinesecoffeedelicatessendinerfast foodfrenchgreekhealthy - naturalice cream - yogurtinternationalitalianjapanesemediterraneanmexicanmiddle easternpizzeriapubsseafoodsouthwesternsteakthai
to return to the diningguide toledo home page during your search, follow the navigation links provided at the top of the pages.
« top of pageadjacent links:diningguide akron - cantondiningguide clevelanddiningguide columbus, ohiodiningguide daytondiningguide detroitdiningguide fort waynediningguide lansingrelated links:diningguide cincinnatidiningguide youngstownother links:diningguide grand rapidsdiningguide indianapolisdiningguide kalamazoometroguide.network > diningguide > toledo home page« top of page | sitemap© 1996-2025metroguide, inc. | privacy policy | terms and conditionsdiningguide, diningguide.network, diningguide.community and diningguide toledo are service marks of metroguide.com, inc.to submit your restaurant, please use the: diningg.u.i.-de.to contact us at metroguide: click here.metroguideretailguidediningguidehotelguidemore locations...



toledo restaurants:our readers'3 smile favoritesbob evans restaurantgolden phoenixdolly & joe's restaurantfrogtown johnnieslonestar steakhousechipotle mexican grilllittle caesarscosmo's coffeehousecracker barrel old country storechili's grill & barihop restaurantgolden court restaurantmcdonald'smcdonald'sgolden corral


