




icat | home















































skip to main content







commercial flood new business moratorium issued in california
effective wednesday, february 12 at 4:00 pm pst, icat will implement a new business flood moratorium in the following counties: los angeles and ventura.
please contact your icat team member with any questions. claims can be reported here.






























make a payment


contact us


catastrophe information center











products



products






commercial all risk including wind


commercial earthquake


coastal homeowners


residential hurricane


victor solutions







for producers



for producers






icat online


become an icat producer







for policyholders



for policyholders






make a payment


residential inspections


commercial inspections


victor insurance exchange







claims



claims






about boulder claims


report a claim







about



about






about icat


leadership


careers


media center


tools and resources


victor insurance exchange









producer log in









































welcome to icat
security. service. recovery.
               


at icat, we have a single goal: help business owners and homeowners recover from a disaster.





















catastrophe coverage when you need it most


welcome to icat, where our unwavering commitment to our customers sets us apart. with over two decades of industry-leading expertise, we take great pride in being elite providers of comprehensive catastrophe insurance since 1998. our dedication to protecting our customers means more than just coverage – it means tailored solutions, enhanced security, and the peace of mind that comes from partnering with a diverse lineup of strong carrier partners. 
today, we protect the homes and businesses of over 50,000 individuals in catastrophe-exposed regions across the united states. experience the difference with icat, where security, service and recovery are our top priorities.













boulder claims


founded in 2005, boulder claims is a wholly-owned subsidiary of icat and provides comprehensive claims services on claims from policies underwritten by icat. our service is seamless with our state-of-the-art electronic claims administrative technology. boulder claims has successfully adjusted and settled more than 43,000 commercial and residential claims, issued over $3.4b in payments to restore insureds’ lives and businesses, and handled over 70 events.



learn more
report a claim





















log into icat online


icat online, icat's online quoting and underwriting system, is available to our agents and brokers 24/7. icat online is your one-stop shop for getting instant quotes, accessing tools and resources, and using our chat for quick answers to all your questions. log into icat online to get a quote in minutes!



get online quotes





















catastrophe information center


visit our catastrophe information center for updates on current moratoriums, active events, disaster preparedness and more. 



learn more























discover our products

			we are proud of the service, products and stability we offer our agents and brokers. through hurricanes, wind and hail or earthquakes, you can build the right policy for your client, every time.








commercial all risk including wind
 icat offers all other perils coverage to commercial property owners and tenants in the gulf, florida, eastern seaboard and hawaii. wind/hail only coverage may be available in some areas on a named peril basis. 



find out more










commercial earthquake
commercial earthquake coverage is offered to commercial property owners in the western united states and in the new madrid states.



find out more










coastal homeowners
the icat homeowners product is a non-admitted homeowners product offering full homeowners coverage for coastal tier 1 and tier 2 homes in the gulf and eastern seaboard.



find out more










residential hurricane
residential hurricane coverage is offered to residential property owners in hawaii. coverage is written on an admitted basis using a named peril form.



find out more

















get appointed


are you a broker or agent? learn more about getting appointed with icat.



learn more












tools and resources library


visit our tools and resources library to view our blogs, videos, brochures and more!



tools and resources








icat by the numbers





50,000+
insureds protected








+53
net promoter score








$3.4b+
claims paid






































icat is a leading property insurance provider in the united states, helping homeowners and businesses define and address risk.







go victor


victor australia


victor canada


victor germany


victor italy


victor netherlands


victor united kingdom


victor united states










 




terms of use


privacy notice


cookie notice


manage cookies





		©
		
		icat managers. all rights reserved.
	











