








 








the raoul wallenberg institute of human rights and humanitarian law











































































































skip to content






search for:search button





 



 



 



 



 



 


 







home 








about us

who we are
our history
about raoul wallenberg
our theory of change
staff
vacancies
annual review
whistleblower


our work

what we do

multi-disciplinary research
higher education
strategic advice and analysis
outreach
evaluation of programme work methods


focus areas

business and human rights
international humanitarian law
human rights and the environment
rule of law and access to justice

national human rights institutions
corruption
clinical legal education (cle)


non-discrimination & inclusion


where we work

asia
latin america
europe
africa


human rights library


courses
latest

news
blog
podcast
publications

rwi publications
rwi supported


events

human rights festival
ahri conference 2024
the annual anna lindh lecture




get involved













help save the rwi human rights library today!




donate







we've now launched a crowdfunding campaign - and we need your support!
while we wait for a formal decision from the swedish government in response to our appeal for public funding, we're turning to our friends, partners, and alumni around the world. help us keep our library open and ensure that we can continue our research and education activities!
the raoul wallenberg institute human rights library has been an essential foundation for the institute’s work. the library holds one of the largest collections of literature on human rights and humanitarian law in europe and is the only human rights library in sweden. it has been the mainstay for countless students, faculty, visiting researchers, and practitioners of human rights around the world.
without adequate and long-term financial resources to sustain its operations, rwi is unable to keep the library's doors open beyond 2025. we need your support urgently. please make a contribution today by clicking "donate". 



						promoting human rights worldwide						



we are a research and academic institution that works to promote and advance human rights through knowledge. since 1984, our mission is to promote universal respect for human rights and humanitarian law. we carry out multi-disciplinary human rights research, provide academic education, support, and advice.
the institute is named after raoul wallenberg, the swedish diplomat who saved tens of thousands of jews and other people at risk in hungary at the end of world war ii.



continue reading »

 
 


china programme
since november 2023, rwi has been collaborating with dialogue earth and global china lab to build knowledge and bridge capacities in relation to china among different networks and communities of practice.



			
			read more »		









zimbabwe annual workshop and conference “the role of university law clinics in promoting social justice”
 
 



			
			read more »		









support the rwi human rights library
which holds one of the largest collections of literature on human rights and humanitarian law in europe
 



			
			read more »		









insights from the east africa law society annual conference in kampala, uganda
 



			
			read more »		









opinion: the persistent failure to apply international humanitarian law and how to begin to solve it
 



			
			read more »		









press release: raoul wallenberg institute launches international humanitarian law compliance monitoring database



			
			read more »		






 



















the latest news and articles from the raoul wallenberg institute of human rights and humanitarian law

 

news & insights 
















				just transition and human rights: rwi’s submission to the un secretary-general’s synthesis report			











				zhrc rolls out human rights awareness campaigns			











				press release: rwi and deloitte partner to advance groundbreaking new digital innovation for enhanced humanitarian law compliance monitoring			











				rwi executive director’s remarks on the 80th international holocaust remembrance day event at lund city library			











				highlights from the latest nhri accreditation session			











				zimbabwe annual workshop and conference “the role of university law clinics in promoting social justice”			











				international day of persons with disabilities			











				insights from the eals annual conference 2024			











				2024 anna lindh lecture: olof skoog on “the strategy of human rights”			











				international day for the elimination of violence against women			









what we do




multi disciplinary research
we provide cutting edge and policy-oriented research and analysis to see and understand core human rights issues.




direct engagement: international programmes
we engage directly in the implementation of human rights together with our partners around the world to improve the practical application of human rights.




higher education
we educate and equip decision-makers with the tools they need to address the major human rights challenges of today and tomorrow.




human rights discourse & outreach
we bring together policy-makers, experts and civil society to engage in solution-oriented dialogue to advance human rights. together we bring about change.



the latest news and articles from the raoul wallenberg institute of human rights and humanitarian law

 

news & insights 
















				strengthening accountability for human rights violations in afghanistan			











				human rights research in armenia: current and emerging issues			











				the year in review: the director looks back at 2022			











				jornadas internacionales sobre clínicas jurídicas y su contribución a la enseñanza del derecho			











				call for abstracts: climate change related mobility in the nordic region			











				congratulations to our 2022 martin alexandersson scholarship recipient – pinar sayan			











				year in review 2020: meet our people			











				year in review 2020: economic globalisation & human rights			











				webinar (iii/iii) recording: on the new eu directive on human rights due diligence			











				rwi’s take on clinical legal education			









what we do




human rights research & analysis
we provide cutting edge and policy-oriented research and analysis to see and understand core human rights issues.




direct engagement
we engage directly in the implementation of human rights together with our partners around the world to improve the practical application of human rights.




human rights education
we educate and equip decision-makers with the tools they need to address the major human rights challenges of today and tomorrow.




human rights forums
we bring together policy-makers, experts and civil society to engage in solution-oriented dialogue to advance human rights. together we bring about change.



our focus areas

 
 


human rights and the environment
climate change is a threat to human rights. we are engaged in a number of initiatives on human rights and environment.



			
			continue reading »		









rule of law and access to justice
this is an important ongoing process, in which partner countries, partner institutions and methods will be assessed regularly.



			
			continue reading »		









business and human rights
there is a need for integrated solutions and collective action that create synergies between human rights and environmental sustainability.



			
			continue reading »		









international humanitarian law
as an independent academic institution, we approach international humanitarian law from a non-partisan stance.



			
			continue reading »		









non-discrimination and inclusion (cross-cutting area)
we work to ensure that societies are open and inclusive to all.



			
			continue reading »		






 


















						learn about human rights: check out our online courses 						



 
 rwi courses
 



subscribe to our newsletter



get updates on our events, latest findings and the work we do with partners globally.
a monthly, bite-sized newsletter with:

fresh insights
human rights issues
international humanitarian law









email address

















 










contact
stora gråbrödersgatan 17 b
p.o. box 1155
se-221 05 lund, sweden
mail: info@rwi.lu.se
phone +46 46 222 12 00
media inquiries: jennifer.jun@rwi.lu.se










shortcuts
vacancies
who we are
staff
publications
library
podcast
privacy policy
rwi online
financials



offices
lund hq
nairobi
jakarta
harare
phnom penh
yerevan
stockholm



about us

the raoul wallenberg institute of human rights and humanitarian law is named after raoul wallenberg, a swedish diplomat who saved tens of thousands of jews and other people at risk in hungary at the end of world war ii.
read more


 



copyright © 2025 the raoul wallenberg institute of human rights and humanitarian lawtheme by siteorigin 




scroll to top








 















































