


















family vacation center | uc santa barbara alumni

















        skip to main content
      

















university of california, santa barbara



give
quick links






























toggle navigation










search
search

      enter the terms you wish to search for.
    





main navigation


about 


overview


benefits


history


staff


leadership


mosher alumni house





stay informed 


overview


update your information


@ucsb


milestones


alumni spotlights


gaucho culture


uc santa barbara magazine


coastlines alumni magazine





make connections 


overview


greek alumni


professional connections


gaucho academy


virtual engagement opportunities


regional alumni groups





events 


overview


all gaucho reunion


aging and longevity


black alumni & student connect weekend


profs at the pub


greek interconnect


day of service


alumni awards


upcoming events





vacation 


overview


family vacation center


summer inn


alumni tours


visiting santa barbara





give back 


overview


give to ucsb alumni


day of service


scholarship program


volunteer


advocacy





partnerships 


our partners


partnership opportunities 





subscribe






quick links


students


parents & visitors


faculty & staff


give


directory


a-z index






give








 


family vacation center
unforgettable beachside family camp




family vacation center menu


fvc home


about us


what's included


activities & events


groups & reunions


rates & reservations















uc santa barbara alumni


vacation


                  family vacation center
              



family vacation center
















welcome





are you in need of a family vacation this summer? look no further than the family vacation center located on the beautiful beaches of uc santa barbara. our all-inclusive week-long family camp provides everything you need to kick back and make lifelong family memories.
book now












about us
learn what makes the family vacation center the “best vacation since becoming parents.”






what's included
our beach-side vacation is all-inclusive. explore the cuisine, accommodations, and experiences that make it a timeless family tradition.












activities & events
we aim to entertain every member of the family! check out our schedule of activities and events.






groups & reunions
your reunion at the family vacation center will be talked about for years. enjoy quality family time and let us handle the rest.






rates & reservations
check out what dates are available to book, as well as important payment information, and ways to save on your vacation. 












online registration for summer 2025 is now open, contact the office today to secure your spot!











for our vacationers
pre-arrival information and activity sign-ups will be emailed to vacationers one month before your arrival.
















         faqs
      




do i have to bring towels or linens?
all linens, bath towels and bedding are provided. beach towels are not provided so please bring them from home.
should we bring bikes?
many vacationers choose to ride bikes, scooters and skateboards during their free time at camp. several times during the week, scheduled bike tours are offered. if you would like to bring bikes from home, you are welcome to do so. we would like to remind guests that all children are required by law to wear helmets and we ask guests to bring a bike lock for security. the fvc is close to several bike shops where bikes can be rented during your stay.
do you provide sporting equipment?
the family vacation center has a variety of sporting equipment available for check out at the front desk, but many guests choose to bring their own tennis rackets and golf clubs.
what type of clothing should we pack?
the weather in santa barbara during the summer season ranges from warm and sunny (highs in the 70s) to cloud cover and a bit of cooler temperatures (low’s in the mid 50s). we suggest casual attire for your vacation, however at a few of our adult events, guests may choose to wear dressy casual attire.
will i have access to wireless internet?
yes, complimentary wireless internet access is available during your stay at the family vacation center.
are shampoos, soaps and other toiletries provided?
toiletries are not provided in the guest suites. the front desk staff will be happy to direct you to the closest shopping center (two miles away) if you need to purchase any items you may have forgotten.
does the camp have laundry facilities?
yes, the camp has complimentary laundry facility available for our guests to use. the front desk offers complimentary laundry detergent.
should i bring snacks and drinks for our suite?
each suite has a mini fridge, guests may store any snacks they would like to bring. we encourage guests to bring snacks if they would like to eat between scheduled meal times. a variety of ice cream novelties, snacks and drinks are also available for purchase at the front desk.















family vacation center mailing list
all guests who registered for family vacation center in the past will be automatically added to our mailing list. if you would also like to join us please sign up below.

















view rates and dates
























family vacation center 2025
an all-inclusive vacation for both ucsb alumni & non-alumni.
online registration for summer 2025 is now open!






 
book now





















information icon uc santa barbara
 





contact us

family vacation center
ucsb alumni association
santa barbara, ca 93106-1120
office hours: m-f 8am-4pm pacific


tel: 805-893-3123
fax: 805-893-2927
familyvacationcenter@alumni.ucsb.edu
  


































uc santa barbara alumni
university of california, santa barbara
santa barbara, california 93106-1120
email: alumni@alumni.ucsb.edu
(805) 893-2957 tel
(805) 893-4918 fax

connect




                                                        facebook




                                                        instagram




                                                        linkedin



                            
                                                        youtube








helpful links

gauchomail


update your information


alumni verification request


covid-19 information



privacy notification












copyright © 2025 the regents of the university of california. all rights reserved. terms of use accessibility










