





























information analytics - web development, web design, custom software, database and apis - lincoln, nebraska






 
 





toggle navigation









about 

about information analytics
featured websites
testimonials
careers
terms policies and conditions




services


support

contact


pay your bill online











×
modal header



some text in the modal.


ok close






















web design and development
we specialize in seo (search engine optimization), mobile responsiveness and social integration.
contact us today!



image location: just blocks from information analytics and the nebraska capitol building




developing custom software applications
we have extensive experience designing e-commerce, storefronts, apis and specific content driven applications.
contact us today!



image location: university of nebraska at lincoln, campus




database design and development
we can help design and manage your mysql and microsoft sql server databases to fit your needs.
contact us today!



image location: pioneers park, lincoln nebraska




need help managing or creating a wordpress site?
whether you already have a wordpress site that needs an update or you would like one, we can help!
contact us today!



image location: spring blossoms, blair nebraska




previous



next














web development & design
we specialize in seo (search engine optimization), mobile responsiveness and social integration.
contact us »





custom programming
extensive experience in designing e-commerce, storefronts, apis and specific content driven applications.
contact us »





database development
we're able to design and manage your mysql and microsoft sql server databases to fit your personal and business needs.
contact us »



friendly service
we are here to help you!  contact us anytime at 402-477-8300 or send us an email!
contact us »



faster speeds
speed optimization, lightning fast servers, and image compression are a few of the many services we provide.
contact us »



vault data center
on-site, climate controlled server vault, 24/7 security and monitoring provided by binary net
visit binary net's website »






website need an update? 

 seo
 mobile responsive
 social integration

				starting at $2500
			
contact us for a new design today »








submit a support ticket 
submit a ticket to our queue or ask a general sales question.
submit your question or request »













binary net
			has lightning fast servers in a climate controlled federal reserve bank vault with 24/7 security & monitoring located in downtown lincoln, nebraska.
learn more








infinite systems can help you secure your business from the 
				continuous threats of the outside world with a high-level of expertise and only the right equipment.
learn more







					we have had a great experience with information analytics. they are just as comfortable meeting with us to discuss larger new projects for quoting as they are in replying to a simple question via e-mail when our in-house staff needs an extra hand or advice on new technology. they have helped us with our three e-commerce sites, two mobile sites, and several traditional informational sites. our latest sites are both dynamic and responsive. 
			
jennifer rawlinson, marketing & communication manager
					bison, inc., brp by bison, ipi by bison [ view more ]









connect with us

like us on facebook
find us on google+
follow us on twitter
review us on yelp
find us on linkedin




located in the heart of downtown lincoln











contact us
13th & n st. lincoln ne
(402) 477-8300
www.4w.com





© 2022 information analytics · privacy · terms



back to top











