


home - rock hill bicycle club



























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








member loginshare this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twittermenuhome event calendarrides 24hob monday night ride women's rides thursday night rocks time trial series fall harvest fall harvest (members) rules of the road ride leader info forums photos documents resources member signup contact us


ride with gps club home link




 rock hill bicycle club
the rock hill bicycle club (rhbc) represents a collection of road, mountain, criterium, gravel, and track riders, and has been in existence since the late 1970's. known for its growing sports market, york county is one of the fastest growing regions in the united states, just minutes south of charlotte, nc. while many rhbc members reside in york county many others hail from neighboring lancaster and chester counties as well as north carolina cyclists from mecklenburg, gaston and union counties. 

fall harvest 
ride 
recap video




news and updates 

we celebrate a successful and fun 2024 riding season and hope to see you all on the road over the offseason.  no official club rides until march 2025, but stay tuned to our facebook page for some organized rides and announcements of open club meetings











the rhbc sponsors a number of rides throughout the year.  these rides offer a range of distances and skill levels.  check our events page for more information.




the rhbc is honored to have partnered with some fantastic local businesses.  check our sponsors page to see who they are.  and remember them when you need their services.




need reasons to join?  discounts at local bike shops.  discounts on club kits.  access to special events.  discounts on select rides.  need we say more? join now!!  







newsletter
fall 2024 newsletter coming soon!

monday night rides
in the offseason currently.
see you next year!

time trial series
in the offseason currently.  

women's wednesdays
in the offseason currently.
see you next year!

thursday night rocks
in the offseason currently.
see you next year!


members only page


members only ride with gps club

special offers and information for rhbc members .donate to the club

visit our sponsorsshare this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twitter



home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









