






home - nyk roro





































































×
















 about nyk

 who we are.. 
 sustainability 
 investors 



 services

 ocean carrier 
 auto logistics 
 short sea 



 customer

 rate request 
 schedules 
 trade maps 
 offices and agents 
 cargo tracking 
 cargo acceptance guidelines 
 port information 
 b/l terms 
 us tariff information 
 payment options 
 import control system (ics2) 



 news

 latest news 
 news archive 
 publications 



 contact

















                    about nyk
                

                    services
                

                    customers
                

                    news
                

                    other
                

                    contact us
                

















nyk roro
sustainable shipping for a brighter future
nippon yusen kabushiki kaisha is one of the world's leading transportation companies. at the end of march 2024, nyk group was operating 824 major ocean vessels, as well as fleets of planes and trucks.












about nyk and our services












ocean carrier














auto logistics














trade maps














schedules


















cargo tracking






track your cargo easily online by entering either a ‘booking’ or ‘bill of lading’ number.













rate request






contact us directly to obtain a shipping rate for your cargo online.













vessel 360 tour






explore our roro vessel and take a virtual tour…













brochures






take a look at our latest brochures highlighting nyk roro and auto logistics service details









            please be aware that there are “look-alike” websites using images, logos, and content taken from our official nyk roro website without our permission. 
            our official nyk roro website continues to be www.nykroro.com and there is no association with look-alike websites that are trying to imitate nyk.
            please use caution when accessing a website for commercial purposes to ensure that it relates to the company with whom you are trying to do business. 
            as mentioned, nyk roro's website is www.nykroro.com and nyk will not be held responsible for damages arising from using a look-alike website of nyk. 
            please continue to use nyk's own website for information related to our roro shipping services.
        

our commitment to the environmentnyk has recently launched their ”sail green” project to ensure greenhouse gas (ghg) emissions are reduced within their customers supply chains for finished vehicle logistics. the project aims to not only reduce ghg emissions in marine transport operations but also at finished vehicle logistics terminals and inland transport operations throughout the world.
 
this project is currently focused on the switch to lng-fueled roro vessels that emit less co2 than conventional heavy oil based engines with 20 new lng fueled roro vessels being delivered by 2028. as soon as technological innovation progresses, nyk aims to switch to zero-emission vessels utilizing low emission marine fuels such as hydrogen and ammonia.
 view more   

quality & vessel safetyyour cargo is in safe handsour technical teams are constantly working in line with the latest international standards for  quality management systems including approved iso9001 and nav9000 vessel audit system.
 quality & vessel safety   

nyk service guide 2023





latest news

 view all    








nyk recognized by cdp as one of world’s top green businesses for fifth consecutive year








nyk is pleased to announce that the international environmental non-profit organization cdp* selected nyk as an “a list” company for climate change for the fifth consecutive year as a global leader in climate change response. cdp’s environmental disclosure and scoring process is widely recognized as the global standard for corporate environmental transparency. in 2024, over […]








release of crew of galaxy leader chartered by nyk








on january 23, nyk received notification from galaxy maritime ltd., the vessel owner based in the united kingdom, that all 25 crew members of the car carrier galaxy leader have been released.as the vessel’s charterer, we are deeply relieved to receive this news.we would also like to express our gratitude to the relevant authorities and […]








nyk recognized for achieving top tier in u.s. west coast vessel speed reduction incentive program for second consecutive year








nyk has been recognized for the company’s participation in the 2023 protecting blue whales and blue skies vessel speed reduction (vsr) incentive program along the west coast of north america, a collaborative effort sponsored by the national marine sanctuary foundation,* among others. for a second consecutive year, nyk achieved the sapphire tier, the top ranking […]









manage cookie consent






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behaviour or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent









2022 © nyk line. all rights reserved.


terms of use
privacy policy
cookie policy


mss
glossary
useful links






developed by merisis




