









home - erie neighborhood house
















































skip to content













menu








about us

mission & vision
impact
people
history
justice & unity statement


our work

legal services
mental health & community wellness
children & youth
adult education & training
community resources & empowerment
the future of erie house


resources

community relief fund
covid-19 response
collaborative for community wellness


news & stories
get involved

join our team
events
volunteer
corporate partnerships


contact
donate
 























 
 


 
donate nowgive to erie house to support us as we enter a post-pandemic future and beyond.


give now



 


 
programs for children & youth are openwe're keeping our children safe — and we're expanding for more families!


enroll now



 


 
volunteerreads volunteers needed to help improve reading levels


volunteer today!



 




































our work





















				legal service				
				mental health				
				children & youth				
				adult education & training				
				community wellness and support services				




legal service


 our in-house team of attorneys and legal representatives help their clients navigate the us citizenship and immigration system, keeping families together, and allowing them to achieve a greater sense of security.




mental health


 at erie house our clinical therapists provide free, individual, social-emotional and behavioral counseling services to support children, teens, adults and families when they need it most. 




children & youth


 we work with young people from infancy through high school graduation to equip them with tools and resources to build a bright future, including educational programs and activities, mentoring, and family support. 




adult education & training


 through foundational academic and professional programs like esl, civics education, workforce development, and more, we provide the tools adults need for long-term success. 




community wellness and support services


 healthy communities are empowered communities. we make a healthy lifestyle more accessible with workshops, support groups, and counseling, all through a trauma-informed and culturally-sensitive lens. 


















learn more about our work































erie house is a social services nonprofit organization providing the most comprehensive support immigrant and low-income families in chicago need to thrive.
we empower the people we work alongside to build powerful communities.
























learn more




























volunteer with us






check out our list of volunteer positions with our programs — including virtual opportunities to get involved.







learn more about volunteering










support our work






you can help us continue and expand our critical work for chicago’s immigrant and low-income individuals and families.







donate now










 











facebooktwitteryoutubeinstagramsign up for our newsletter
donate
careers
contact
news & stories
financial information
privacy policy



 





© 2021 erie neighborhood house 



		website powered by neon one




scroll to top

















