









home























high's auction & real estate appraisal services, inc.
210 n. broadway, walters ok 
auction, real estate & appraisalover 30 years experience580-875-6500rick highnew listings coming soon







            steps involved






                            1
                        


interview and review real estate needs
we will meet and determine what your needs are as a client.   are you looking for property and what type are you in search of.  do you have a property to sell.  we will review your property and determine a list price that is competitive for our market.  







                            2
                        


listing
we complete an oklahoma real estate commission listing agreement with all disclosures and the associated listing period..







                            3
                        


advertise
we will use drones for aerial views of your property along with regular digital photos.  real estate signs will be placed on your property along with directional signs.  utilize maps with soil types and topography.  review the fsa information regarding cultivated acres verses grass, assessor information regarding taxes etc. we will utlilize this site as well as land.com and other associated web sites in order to gain complete market access.  we will participate with other brokers in order to bring more buyers to the table.  if it is an auction property, we do not participate unless a pre-arranged agreement has been made in regard to a referral fee.   however, typical private treaty listings will include broker participation. 







                            4
                        


contract
once we locate a buyer, earnest money will be secured along with the signed contract and parties shall proceed with closing instructions.   a title opinion will be rendered on the property and at closing we will exchange clear title and funds.   more details on closing are available with inquiries. 







                            5
                        


closing
we will proceed to the closing once the title opinion has been rendered and all title issues have been resolved.  the buyer will establish financing and be responsible for all financing charges.  















kishketon estates walters, ok 
residential lots available: click here for restrictionslot 6 block 3: 120x140 corner of willow creek and nevada    $15,000lot 5 block 4: 120 x 140 east side of willow creek drive          $15,000lots 7-10 block 4: 120 x 140    west side of quail creek drive  barn lots:3 barn lots available: lots 3-6 on east side of quail creek driveall barn lot $30,000build your home and shop on a large lot, close to all amenities in a new subdivision in walters, ok. all utilities availablecall rick high for details. 











                    share this page!
                



































testimonials
david hall with imperial properties, 2018 tulsa, ok commercial broker of the yearjune young : january 6th 2018 auctionthank you both for your comments
















close











                    contact form
                
  thank you for viewing.  






thanks for filling out the form!




name





email





phone





message



send form











                    â© copyright 2017 mobirise - all rights reserved
                



‌ai website software         

