







paramont homes
































































































cart
















0






sign in
my account




















            hacienda at villa cordoba
          

            del rio lago
          

            premier club
          










































sign in
my account















































cart
















0











hacienda at villa cordobadel rio lagopremier club


















scroll






 







 

building new homes for the way you live todaywallow in an experience that is as sensorily beautiful as it is new — interiors and exteriors that better with age and are structured to sustain the footsteps and the memories between generations. infused with intention, longevity, and visual acoustics, a blank canvas awaits your imagination. 




    explore gallery
  

 




































hacienda at villa cordobaintroducing hacienda at villa cordoba, a new-home community located in hilmar, california. just minutes from turlock, the turlock golf and country club, local stores, and artisanal restaurants, this unique community features old-world charm, a new, lush neighborhood park, and quiet streets with a roundabout entry. hacienda offers eight different plans ranging from 1,843 to 3,200 square feet. standard features include engineered post-tension slab foundation, masonry stone (per plan), concrete tile roof, and acrylic stucco exteriors with architectural details, 10' ceiling in living areas, gourmet kitchen with stainless steel appliances, porcelain tile floors, granite countertops, and a master suite with a large walk-in closet and bathroom.hilmar is nestled along the west of california’s central san joaquin valley and is centered among a variety of the state’s fun getaway spots. it began as a colony of swedish immigrants in the early 20th century and has evolved into a quaint, agricultural hub. as part of merced county in california, it is referred to as “country living at its best” and “one hundred miles to anywhere” — one hundred miles from the metropolitan bay area, sacramento, and fresno, the scenic sierra nevada mountains, and the tranquil pacific ocean coast. we invite you to reserve your dream home today.peruse collection


















the foundationat paramont homes, our values are rooted in innovative design, quality construction, and superior craftsmanship — all for the way you live today. originating in 1999, we continue to bring visions to life in communities across northern california. with over twenty years of expertise, our design, construction, and marketing teams are dedicated to delivering you a dream home built for a lifetime.learn more









“an abode that brings me endless joy day in and day out ”

— the virginia trail




“the architectural details of these homes are beautiful, and we love the different floor plans.”

— bella vista




“we moved into our paramont home brand new in 1999. we are pleased with the quality of the construction and how the house has held up over the years, especially compared to other developers’ homes in our area. it is a quiet neighborhood with great families.”

— center court




“when looking for a home in the college area, it was difficult to find the ideal living space without being tied down with remodeling projects. as soon as i stepped inside, i had a comfort knowing it would provide me with everything i needed for years to come. from the flow in design of space down to the thought of storage, not only has this home improved my quality of life, but it has given me the perfect home.”

— the virginia trail




“i have been living in my paramont home for over 5 years now. i am very satisfied with the quality of craftsmanship, from the choices of roof and siding, cabinets, flooring, and paint, to all the details that make my house a home. the generous choices of fixtures including everything from lights to bathroom and kitchen finishes have retained their beauty and function very well. the closet space is very generous, and my floor plan allows for fantastic entertaining possibilities! there are numerous architectural details such as arches and niches that separate my home from a standard cookie-cutter house. the air-conditioning and heating systems, including the gas fireplaces, provide comfort year-round. the garage has ample space for vehicles and storage. the paramont homes contractors and sales representatives have been been very accommodating in answering any questions and concerns over the past years to ensure my satisfaction with my home. i look forward to enjoying many more years in my home!”

— bella vista








new page



gallery



hacienda



about



testimonials















































2095741090
jenn@paramonthomes.com


hours




contact










