













home - repcolite paints















































































































 




 
 














 









home
about us

hours & phone numbers
contact us
company overview


locations
product info

sds and tds
our brands
how-to videos


on the radio

a minute at repcolite spots
subscribe to the home improvement show!
home improvement show episodes
find a pro!


blog
find a painter!
order online

color chips and tools
contractor gear
interior paint
primers
exterior paint
exterior stains and finishes
roller frames
roller covers
trays and liners
brushes
masking products
caulk and spackling products
sanding products
wallpaper supplies
tools
cleaning products


sign in
menu 




















 check out our online store!

place your order online and pickup curbside!





decks





paint





applicators






 


							
							made in michigan													
every gallon of repcolite paint is made locally in our holland, michigan facility.



learn more!




 


							
							save money!													
sign up for our text savings and receive 1 money-saving text per month!



sign up!




 


							
							find your store!													
with 15 locations to serve you, repcolite is michigan's favorite source for benjamin moore.



find a store!


 home projects on the horizon?

check out the videos below for great tips and information!
how to prep your walls
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9zoeikon7q&list=pl80lyf0fnwlex9hdr2sfc4bbk5fpquwwm&index=10how to cut in a roomhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oqllhgh8er0&list=pl80lyf0fnwlex9hdr2sfc4bbk5fpquwwm&index=2more videos!


 looking for the right contractor for your next project?

we've got connections! let us help!









 


							
							find a professional painting contractor!													
some of us are diyers, some of us want it done for us!
if you're looking for a professional contractor in your area, we can help!



i need a painter


 






home
store account sign in
contact us
find a repcolite near you!
our brands
 


this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.accept read moreprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept











 






























































































