








gold arrow camp - california summer camp and traditional sleepaway camps for children - home page




















































 




































why gac

the gac difference

why gac
what our campers say
what our camp parents say
meet the staff


about

location

camp map
visit camp


rustic living
activities

daily schedule


health & safety
menu & dining

special dietary needs


diversity & inclusion
history & traditions
faq


connect

contact gac
attend a gac chat
schedule a call
stay in touch!


programs & dates

dates & rates
availability
enrollment faq
conditions of enrollment

camper standards


scholarships
enroll now


news & events

upcoming events
news




gac families

welcome
news & events

news
upcoming events


get ready for camp
parent resources

first year families

homesickness
kidsickness


summer theme schedule
health & safety

allergies
camper medications


menu & dining

special dietary needs


camp policies
driving directions

accommodations




camper corner

camp map
activities
songs & videos

watch our video
learn the camp song
footloose dance tutorial
what our campers say




refer a friend
meet the staff
history & traditions

5-year campers
camp song
book: sierra summers


alumni

book: sierra summers




work at gac

why work at gac?

what our staff say
philosophy
diversity & inclusion
camp life
activities
camp map


meet the staff
application information

positions
internships at gac
salary
international staff
certification information
contact us

staff faqs







800-554-2267





search for:






contact gac
my gac login
enroll now
dates & rates











































 watch our video
learn more





have fun · make friends · grow



























preparing young people for  life's challenges
gold arrow camp is a traditional summer camp located on huntington lake. boys and girls ages 6-14 make fun, lifelong memories at our california summer camp while participating in activities like wake boarding, horseback riding, and rock climbing.
at gold arrow camp, campers experience rustic living with the spectacular backdrop of the sierra national forest. explore our website and see why our summer camp in california has been a summer home to thousands of happy children since 1933.






gac happenings








2025 theme: try something new











helping gac families











helping our kids process trauma & loss











december kindness calendar





see more news »






100%
campers who report making at least one new friend



136
years of experience for the camp directors



95
5-year blankets awarded last summer



57%
staff members who were gac campers









looking for fun, friends, & growth?
join our email community to learn about upcoming events, summer sessions and enrollment, and tips for raising thriving future adults. 











sign up











destination gac




































































































































































































































































































of gold arrow camp





















×












want to learn more about gac?
×



attend a gac chat q & a (on zoom).
schedule a call to see if gac is a good fit for your camper.
learn about our philosophy, activities, staff, location, and more.
get info about upcoming events, summer enrollment, and more!

















800-554-camp
mail@goldarrowcamp.com



gold arrow camp is operated under a special use permit from the usda forest service on the sierra national forest, california.
 brought to you by the campany



© 2025, gold arrow camp. all rights reserved














accessibility statement

			accessibility statement: gold arrow camp is committed to making this website accessible to everyone, including people with disabilities. we are in the process of improving our site to follow the web content accessibility guidelines (wcag). if you have any questions or suggestions regarding accessibility of this site, please call us at (800) 554-2267. we are continually working to improve the experience for all of our visitors.
		














charlotte dentist

this website uses cookies to improve your experience. if you would like to adjust the cookie settings for this page, please click "cookie settings".  cookie settingsacceptprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept










 







