

northwoods bird dogs | 








































about

history
jerry kolter
betsy danielson


current & past dogs

current generation females
current generation males
past generation females
past generation males


puppies

puppies for sale
costs
care of puppies
guarantee
breeding program
kennel
faqs


started & trained dogs

dogs for sale
training levels & prices
costs
care of dogs
guarantee
breeding program
faqs


training

training offered
training grounds
owner participation
care for training dogs
kennel
training philosophy
faqs
training guides


field trials
guided hunts
contact us
 
 





 
slide1northwoods blue ox
slide2 northwoods setter puppies flushing bobwhite quail
slide3northwoods chardonnay
slide4northwoods blue ox and jeff hintz
slide5northwoods parmigiano and northwoods prancer
 



 



what's new?



 

friday, february 7, 2025
be an advocate for your dog

		            be an advocate for your dog. jerry and i needed this advice recently as we struggled with a serious injury with rudy, our big, handsome, two-year-old pointer male. not all veterinarians are created equal. as…		            >







 

thursday, january 16, 2025
fall 2024 field trial results

		            dogs out of our northwoods breeding were big winners in field trials during the fall 2024 season. this included setters at all major field trials held in the minnesota/wisconsin area and a young setter in…		            >







 

monday, december 30, 2024
2024:  hail and farewell

		            in a nod to the cbs news “sunday morning” feature, betsy and i want to honor two special people and nine dogs that passed away in 2024. jeff hintz (1948 – 2024)though our mutual association…		            >







 

monday, december 16, 2024
photo album:  autumn 2024

		            autumn is a hunter’s favorite season of the year. it’s also when jerry and i hear from happy dog owners around the country. they head out with their dogs as often as they can—sometimes with…		            >







 

wednesday, december 4, 2024
legends of coverdog:  blue streak

		            at the banquet preceding the 82nd running of the grand national grouse championship held in early november in the eau claire county forest near eau claire, wis., our 4x ch/4x ru-ch blue streak was named…		            >








northwoods bird dogs is a pointing dog breeding and training facility located in east central minnesota. our focus is on english setters and pointers used in the pursuit of upland birds — particularly ruffed grouse and woodcock.
we are adjacent to thousands of acres of wild bird habitat that offer excellent training opportunities. our training programs are designed to develop a dog’s natural instincts and our proven techniques and plentiful bird exposure bring out of the best in each dog.       
our breeding program has been honed through multiple generations of english setters and pointers. puppies and dogs from northwoods bird dogs have it all—physical conformation, instinct and temperament—that make them ideal companions in the field and in the home.
 ~ jerry kolter & betsy danielson










northwoods birds dogs   
                    53370 duxbury road, sandstone, minnesota 55072
                

                    jerry: 651-492-7312     |     
                    betsy: 651-769-3159     |     
                         |     
                    directions



follow us:







                    ©2025 northwoods bird dogs  |  website: the sportsman’s cabinet







