

































































lincoln journal star | breaking news | | read lincoln, ne and nebraska breaking news. get latest news, events and information on nebraska sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.




















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















23°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



nebraska news



politics



records



business



nation & world



last 24 hours



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorial



columnists




sports


huskers



high school



college



stars hockey



saltdogs baseball



outdoors



professional




lifestyles


arts & theatre



event calendar



movies & tv



music



puzzles



comics



contests



play



food & cooking



parenting



health



get healthy



home & garden



people



pets



faith



announcements




community


neighborhood extra



l magazine




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



auto sales



marketplace



public notices



shop local




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





youtube





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

huskers

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

autos









23°
cloudy/wind
























        
        
            tributes to greg sharpe pour in from husker community, broadcasters

matt rhule, kent pavelka, former husker athletes and others took to social media to pay tribute to greg sharpe, the beloved voice of the huskers who died friday.

















        
        
            voice of the huskers greg sharpe dies after battle with cancer

greg sharpe, the beloved voice of the huskers and former voice of the wildcats, died friday after a 10-month battle with pancreatic cancer. he was 61.

















        
        
            burning love for the king: elvis lives on at nebraska tribute competition

thank you very much. the nebraska elvis festival kicked off friday in lincoln with nine tribute artists performing at the graduate hotel.

















        
        
            a message from emmett till's cousin: the importance of telling our stories

rev. wheeler parker jr., the cousin of emmett till, told a group in lincoln it's important to keep telling stories that show where we've come as a nation and what we've overcome.

















        
        
            desert chill: no. 24 nebraska baseball sunk by walks, clutch uc irvine hitting

a barrage of walks and two-out runs from uc irvine undercut nebraska baseball and its new-look lineup friday in an opening-day loss at the mlb desert invitational.

















        
        
            nebraska softball slugs 10 home runs, outscores opponents 30-1 in doubleheader sweep

the huskers got off to a hot start in new mexico as they slugged their way to a pair of blowout wins at the troy cox classic.

















        
        
            former chi health doctor from lincoln charged with child sex crimes

a former family medicine doctor at a chi health clinic in lincoln has been charged with possession and distribution of child pornography. 










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            former chi health doctor from lincoln charged with child sex crimes


















        
        
            lincoln looking at more snow, coldest weather of season


















        
        
            sandhills global owners propose new private 18-hole golf course in lincoln















                
                the latest



















        
        
            southeast nebraska neighbors: obituaries for february 15

read through the obituaries published today in the lincoln journal star. 





















        
        
            southeast nebraska speaks up: letters to the editor for the week of feb. 14, 2025

our weekly round-up of letters published in the lincoln journal star. 




















        
        
            relative of civil rights icon emmett till to speak at lincoln malone center event

rev. wheeler parker jr., a civil rights advocate, author and ordained minister, will deliver the keynote address for a black history month program at the downtown embassy suites.




















        
        
            lincoln public schools announces new focus program administrators

starting next fall, three of lincoln public schools' focus programs will have full-time administrators to support students and staff.












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            find your new ride



















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            vance berates european allies over free speech at munich security summit




















        
        
            the day after: 'robust post-war reintegration plan critical for sustainable free democratic ukraine'




















        
        
            doge website lacks detailed records despite musk’s 'maximally transparent' promise




















        
        
            200,000 federal workers at risk of getting fired as widespread cuts continue












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            prep glance: highlights from friday's high school sports action

highlights from friday's high school sports action.




















        
        
            bahl, papio south, outlast houston, lincoln northeast in matchup of top-end class a squads

class a no. 2 papio south holds off no. 5 lincoln northeast in matchup of two of the state's best.





















        
        
            photos: lincoln northeast boys basketball hosts papillion-la vista south — feb. 14

photos from lincoln northeast boys basketball's game against papillion-la vista south on friday. 




















        
        
            duitsman's 38 points power top-ranked lincoln lutheran past auburn in double ot thriller

lincoln lutheran senior jacob duitsman scored 38 to lead the class c-1 no. 1-ranked warriors to a double-overtime win over no. 6 auburn.













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            movie review: 'heart eyes' tries for laughs but ...

franchise first, concept second. that’s the thinking behind “heart eyes.”




















        
        
            goodyear blimp at 100: from ronald reagan to ice cube, 'floating piece of americana' still thriving

at 100 years old, the goodyear blimp is an ageless star in the sky. 




















        
        
            'elsbeth' becomes a family affair for carrie preston

carrie preston didn’t think her husband, actor michael emerson, was interested in her series, “elsbeth.” now he has a recurring role on the cbs whodunit.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            top reasons to hire a lawyer for your pedestrian accident claim

contributor content. if you’ve been involved in a pedestrian accident, hiring a lawyer can make all the difference. learn the top reasons why legal help is crucial for your claim.












sponsored








        
        
            flavorful versatility, budget-friendly? surprise! it’s ground pork!

content by the power of pork. whether dinner tonight is spaghetti, tacos, burgers or even egg rolls (see recipe), ground pork can truly save the day — and your grocery bill!












contributor








        
        
            how smart eyewear is changing the everyday eyeglass experience

contributor content. learn about the benefits of smart glasses and how they're changing the eyewear experience.  
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            regeneration



                                        8101 o st ste 214, lincoln, ne 68510
                                    






























        
        
            pinnacle bank arena



                                        400 pinnacle arena drive, lincoln, ne 68508
                                    






 website






















        
        
            youth for christ



                                        6401 pine lake rd, lincoln, ne 68516
                                    














                
                print ads
                
            






















legal





        
        
            vince powers law - ad from 2025-02-09
























medical





        
        
            advanced radiology - ad from 2025-02-12
























medical





        
        
            tabitha health care services - ad from 2025-02-09
























medical





        
        
            alivation health - ad from 2025-02-09
























health





        
        
            nebraska hearing center - ad from 2025-02-12
























office





        
        
            ranch & farm auctions - ad from 2025-02-09
























medical





        
        
            tabitha health care services - ad from 2025-02-09
























jewelry





        
        
            bradford exchange - midwest lists and media - ad from 2025-02-09
























electronics





        
        
            time shoppe - ad from 2025-02-12
























health





        
        
            nebraska hearing center - ad from 2025-02-09





























×
















facebook





twitter





youtube





instagram









sites & partners


the columbus telegram

the fremont tribune

the beatrice daily sun

place an ad

event calendar

online features

work here

inspire lincoln

get healthy




services


subscriber services

advertise with us

e-edition

rss

newsletters

contact us

become a carrier

services

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        the lincoln journal star, po box 81609 lincoln, ne 68501
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe






husker news

subscribe

























