















blackbaud etapestry: small nonprofit fundraising software












































			skip to content		


		main navigation	



 
products 

popular products

raiser’s edge nxtindustry-leading fundraising platform
etapestryfundraising built for smaller orgs
researchpointpowerful insights for prospect research
luminate onlinecomprehensive online fundraising campaigns
justgiving from blackbaudtrusted peer-to-peer fundraising
financial edge nxtpurpose-built nonprofit accounting
merchant servicessecure nonprofit and school payment processing
k–12 school managementintegrated lms, sis, enrollment management, websites, and more
tuition managementconnected tuition and fees management for your school
altruticketing and membership for arts and cultural organizations
yourcause from blackbaudcsr employee volunteering and giving
grantmakingpowerful grant management for funders
 

view all products






solutions 


solutions by need



fundraising and engagementfundraising and advancement
peer-to-peer fundraising
donor and prospect data intelligence
marketing campaigns and websites
education solutionsk-12 school management
education management for higher ed
award and scholarship management
 

financial managementaccounting
tuition management
financial aid management
payment and purchasing services
csr and grantmakingemployee giving and volunteering
grant management
 



solutions by organization type

nonprofit organizations
k-12 schools
higher education institutions
healthcare organizations
arts and cultural organizations
foundations
companies
 


view all solutions






why blackbaud 

the blackbaud differencediscover why we're your best partner
blackbaud instituteindustry-leading research and insights
intelligence for goodour comprehensive approach to ai
customer storiessee why teams like yours choose blackbaud
flexible ecosystemsoftware that grows with you
 




resources 


partnersexplore our marketplaceextend your solutions. amplify your impact. partner with us to tap into new markets, innovate, and grow.
become a partnerjoin blackbaud's partner program to build, sell, refer, and service our unmatched solutions for social impact.
 




resourcesevents
resource centeradvance your goals with free tip sheets, ebooks, videos, and more from our experts
 

best practices and researchindustry researchsector trends and insights from the blackbaud institute
the engage blogbest practices and the latest learning for social good professionals
 





                    bbcon 2025 | oct. 6–8                


                        call for speakers is open: submit your ideas!                    







view all resources






training and support 

blackbaud universityflexible, free, and subscription-based training options on products and industry best practices
award-winning supportwhether you want to self-serve or need help, we have options that fit your needs
support login
knowledgebase
blackbaudu campus
blackbaud community
how-to documentation
downloads
idea banks
 

chat with support






request a demo 


sign in





search

additional learning and help resourcesdocumentation
blackbaud university
support
knowledgebase
blackbaud id
 


request a demo
















products
blackbaud etapestry
 




blackbaud etapestry®
fundraising growth starts here


                                            request a demo                                        

                                            ask about pricing                                        



















blackbaud etapestry gives small teams
all the tools they need to achieve
big fundraising results.









fundraising chaos — tamed.
etapestry is entry-level software with exceptional fundraising features purpose-built to cultivate more meaningful supporter relationships and grow revenue.


wealth ratings and persona segmentation based on blackbaud’s unmatched data intelligence suggest who might be willing to make a bigger impact


data health scorecards surface data integrity issues, assess the financial impact, and fix issues on the spot


national change of address services reduce mailing costs and ensure that all your messages reach your supporters on time


data encryption guarantees the privacy and safety of your supporters’ information

















one source of truth.
spending less doesn’t mean you have to do without functionality you need. etapestry allows allows small fundraising teams to operate more efficiently, build better relationships, and cut costs by consolidating all fundraising activity in a single place.

comprehensive constituent profiles surface all supporter insights and interactions in a single place
mobile access lets you use your data any time, anywhere
pre-built dashboards and data visualizations easily surface what’s important and help you raise more
specialized capabilities for events, alumni, members, volunteers, grants, tributary / memorial gifts, and planned gifts help you track every unique stage of the constituent journey
















small team, big engagement.
you’re getting a lot done as a small team, and we’re here to help. etapestry’s integrated engagement tools allow you to manage a coordinated, omnichannel communication strategy.


templated online forms can be embedded directly into your website to capture whatever your organization is seeking—donations, memberships, event registrations, sponsorships, ecommerce, and more


end-to-end donation forms offer flexible giving options—including digital wallets—for your supporters, and reduced admin for you. complete with integrated and affordable payment processing and ereceipting, we’ve got you covered.


integrated email tools allow you to optimize email campaigns by leveraging a variety of templates, spam analysis tools, delivery schedulers, and informative engagement/conversion metrics


crowdfunding and peer-to-peer tools allow you to reach new audiences and empower your most passionate advocates to engage their personal networks and fundraise on your behalf

















expertise by your side.
when you’re wearing a lot of hats, having the right experts at your side can make all the difference. all etapestry subscriptions include implementation and training services to put you squarely on the path to success.

basic data conversion included in all subscriptions
on-demand training videos distill core functionality and the blackbaud knowledgebase answers frequently addressed questions
active online customer community provides thought leadership and fresh new fundraising idea
award-winning customer success program onboards all users at your organization and provides tips and tricks to set you squarely on the path to success


















ready to see how etapestry can help your organization grow its fundraising revenue?
schedule a 15-minute discovery call









 take your growing organization to the next level
see how etapestry can help you spend more time raising money and less on administrative tasks.
watch the video













experience the difference.








proven nonprofit expertise
blackbaud is the global leader in nonprofit fundraising software. imagine what’s possible for your team with the market’s deepest expertise.







smart—really smart
with blackbaud, artificial intelligence is more than a marketing buzzword. it’s a proven strategy to unleash your fundraising potential. let us show you how.







the support you need
connect with fundraising peers in our online community, learn from our vast knowledgebase, and count on our dedicated support team. we’re by your side.

















schedule a demo
take the next step toward your organization’s success with blackbaud etapestry. a blackbaud expert will reach out to schedule a customized demo.








all fields required





 

thank you for your inquiry.
a blackbaud representative will be in touch with you shortly.
prefer to chat now?
click here if you’d like to speak directly to a blackbaud representative, today.










 






								chat with us							

contact us






company

our executive leadership
corporate and social  responsibility
newsroom
investor relations
cybersecurity
privacy resource center
locations
careers


training

blackbaud university
blackbaudu campus
explore our curriculum
continuing education
blackbaud certification


support

support login
knowledgebase
system requirements
downloads
how-to documentation


partners and developers

blackbaud marketplace
partner portal
for developers
our flexible ecosystem
contact us


 





							chat with us						














 

acceptable use policy
manage cookies
your privacy choices
privacy policy
terms of use
 
					© 2025 blackbaud, inc. all rights reserved.				



select your region

united states
canada
europe
pacific































