








home page — globals corporate website








































































































skip to content

 








 










 





 








about us

company
leadership
partnerships
corporate social responsibility


industries

education
aerospace & defence
banking & finance
healthcare
public sector
space
supply chain


solutions

managed security service provider(mssp)
security operations center as a service (socaas)
virtual ciso
vulnerability assessment and penetration testing (vapt)
security orchestration, automation, and response (soar)
cyber command center
cyber attack simulation services
satellite cybersecurity
digital transformation


careers
blogs
contact us













			schedule consultation
				






















harness our cybersecurity solutions to secure your connected infrastructure and digital assets.
defending
cyber threats
1bn+
malware variants
30k
daily web attacks
3.4bn+
daily phishing mails
schedule a free consultation




















talk to us today arrow_forward_ios
protecting the digital frontier
rapidly fortify cybersecurity defenses with cutting-edge solutions. authoritatively implement robust safeguards for critical systems and sensitive information. 






talk to us today arrow_forward_ios
ai-powered by default

unlock the potential of ai solutions to address business obstacles, automate operations, and elevate customer experiences. our customizable ai offerings effortlessly serve businesses of all scales, adapting alongside your organization to navigate the ever-evolving digital terrain.





talk to us todayarrow_forward_ios
accelerate to future, digitally.
globals' digital transformation solutions empower businesses to navigate the evolving digital landscape with confidence. from innovative strategies to seamless implementation, we redefine operations, enhance customer experiences, and drive sustained growth in the digital age.



talk to us today arrow_forward_ios
space missions, protected. 
from safeguarding the space segment to securing ground, link, and user segments, our advanced technologies ensure uninterrupted mission integrity amidst evolving cyber threats. trust globals to fortify your space endeavors with unmatched cyber resilience and protection.



see opportunities arrow_forward_ios
certified great place to work®
our team has spoken! experience a culture of excellence, collaboration, and growth. be part of groundbreaking advances at the confluence of technology, society and economy. 


























lock shields with globals cybersecurity solutions 











security operations center as a service (socaas) 

a comprehensive, subscription-based service that provides organizations with access to a fully-functional, remote security operations center.










managed security service provider (mssp)

gain peace of mind with our proactive threat monitoring, incident response, and infosec management tailored to your business.










vulnerability assessment & pen testing (vapt)

our ethical hacking experts rigorously test your systems to pinpoint vulnerabilities and validate security controls, fortifying your cyber defenses.










cyber command center 

empowered by our global cyber command center, we provide 24/7 security monitoring, advanced threat detection, and fast incident response capabilities.












partners and clients 





 






 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 







 












varied industries, singular focus 









 



                                healthcare                            













 



                                education                            













 



                                aerospace & defence                            













 



                                supply chain                            













 



                                public sector                            













 



                                banking & finance                            




















publications & updates 








			view all posts
				

















				globals establishes new office in the hague to strengthen cyber defense offerings in europe			



			read more »		










				suhas gopinath, founder and ceo of globals, to speak at the one conference on cyberwarfare			



			read more »		










				suhas gopinath at the world economic forum: a highlight for globals inc.			



			read more »		























you can trust us as the leader in innovation, providing sophisticated defense strategies to become your unwavering cyber sentinels in a continuously evolving world. 






			contact us today
							 


















 




 
with our unparalleled expertise in cyber defense systems, digital security products and it services, globals confidently unlocks the potential of technology to create a safer and more secure world.

 



 





















 







quick links 






company




leadership




csr




careers




contact us











services 






mssp




vapt




soc-as-a-service




digital transformation




satellite security




it/ot security




phishing mail training




ai/ml solutions











newsletter
						receive latest threat analysis reports, industry outlook and product announcements from globals
					 















 















© copyright 2024. globals inc. all rights reserved. 















 
























































































