






baltimore worldwide speakers bureau | keynote speakers




















      the 
baltimore
worldwide speakers bureau





need a speaker for your meeting, conference, training program, retreat,
special event or convention?





toggle navigation






home
about tbwsb
request a speaker
contact











 







 
 
welcome 
 
the baltimore worldwide speakers bureau (tbwsb) recommends and schedules first-class business keynote speakers, motivational speakers, and professional development trainers for all occasions — worldwide ° nationwide ° statewide °  even top rated speakers and business leaders who are not listed in our speaker network.

contact tbwsb today, so we can help you to match and confirm the right keynote speaker for your next meeting, conference, retreat or event. our network of speakers is made up of business leaders, notable sports figures, celebrities, subject experts, educators, best-selling authors, professional speakers, humorous speakers, trainers, and many other types of speakers — with fees ranging from $5,000 up to $65,000. 
 




 




we have found and scheduled speakers for:





 virtual keynote sessions
            virtual pd training sessions
            leadership
            customer service
            team building
            diversity & inclusion
            sales
            employee morale
            work-life balance
            peak performance
            education/teachers
            change
            cultural sensitivity
            civility

 corporations
            conventions
            sports banquets
            award & recognition events
            associations & trade
            colleges & universities
            retreats
            lunch/learn mtngs
            government agencies
            women's history
            support staff dev.
            health care events
            professional dev.
            graduations

business meetings
            networking skills
            women's empowerment
            motivation
            inspiration
            empowerment
            stress management
            youth & teens
            school assemblies
            bullying prevention
            drug & alcohol awareness
            church events

all employees mtngs
            public speaking skills trng
            success habits development
            presentation skills trng
            management development
            communication skills
            emotional intelligence
            resilience
            attitude/mindset
            self-care
            time management
            social & emotional health
            hispanic history
            black history
            and more...



 
  

 submit an open call for speakers now and expand your search.
there is no cost to submit a speaker request.
click on the following link to submit your request. request a speaker form

benefits and features
-	we know all of our speakers personally and they deliver strong r.o.i.
-	we do the legwork for you!
-	we pride ourselves on connecting the right speaker with the right audience.
-	we reach a much larger base of speakers.
click on the following link to submit your request. request a speaker form
 



 





our helpful resources

  






 

how to make your next meeting fun








 

why hire a professional speaker?








 

how to select a good motivational speaker





 








 




testimonials



"the sales speaker we hired from the baltimore worldwide speakers bureau was a smart investment for my sales team meeting! since the speaker's presentation, we've had the best closed sales numbers and profits since the beginning of our sales cycle. i have already booked the same speaker for next year's sales kickoff meeting."

greg n.





"the manufactured housing institute of maryland contacted tbwsb with an urgent need for a quality motivational speaker. the pre-scheduled speaker for the mhim's annual meeting had to cancel at the last minute due to health reasons and we desperately needed a quality presentation to fill the void left by the original presenter. with a three-day notice, tbwsb matched and confirmed for us an exceptional local national motivational keynote speaker! the results and praise we received after his keynote presentation were consistently gratifying to say the least. his keynote message was high energy, engaging, relatable, positively uplifting, and filled with invaluable take-home value (practical strategies we could all use for immediate growth and success going forward)."

lowell c.





"we have been using the baltimore worldwide speakers bureau for years and they have never failed to find us high-quality keynote speakers and breakout session presenters within our price range. all are good to great speakers."

trade industry national convention





"tbwsb always provides us with great service and exceptional speakers!"

michelle p.





"tbwsb, at first i was a little skeptical about contacting and doing business with your company. i gave you all an opportunity—and you provided to our annual conference in baltimore, maryland five (5) excellent speakers! thank you for making my job as conference chair and meeting planner very easy."

karen d.










 



 
 











the baltimore worldwide speakers bureau
(will help you find the right speaker for your next meeting or event!) 

*since the inception of tbwsb in january 1998, we average 40 to 60 individual speaker request submissions each month. each submission represents multiple speaker opportunities. one submission, for example, may require 4 or more speakers. 
 











































 


copyright © 1998-2024 the baltimore worldwide speakers bureau. all rights reserved. | privacy policy
 


 







 







