






charter schools usa































button
button
button








contact

translate



























contact

translate





























☓









+about csusa»ceo message»mission, values and promise»our story»leadership»accreditation & achievements»continuous improvement model»service partners+news»in the news»press room»school news+our schools»find your school»florida»louisiana»north carolina»south carolina»governing boards+education model»curriculum»services+enrollment»why choose a csusa school»what is a charter school»easy enrollment process»frequently asked questions»enroll your child+careers»working for csusa»view our career opportunities









skip to content
skip to menu













 to view this video please enable javascript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports html5 video


 








enroll now





                why csusa?
            



154
number of grade level based  schools in 4 states across 100 campuses



7,500
educators preparing the next  generation



85,000+
students impacted daily



25
years advancing school choice



95%
csusa parent satisfaction



96%
advance to collegeor technical school



prev


next







find your school
we have over 100 campuses across 4 states.

north carolina
south carolina

florida
louisiana







careers
we are always looking for teachers and administrators who strive for excellence, are committed to improving student learning and demonstrate a high level of professional conduct. 
apply online





the csusa model
csusa provides world-class educational solutions with an unwavering dedication to student success and an unyielding commitment to ethical and sound business practices.






the latest




 news and announcements 







                             don soffer aventura high school scores big
                    

                        don soffer aventura high school has been named to the  advanced placement platinum school honor roll and has earned the  college board access award
                    






                             csusa is proud to be a great place to work
                    

                        for two straight years, csusa has been voted a great place to work!
                    






                             csusa fl is a-rated
                    

                        csusa is proud to announce in our network of florida schools, 22 schools achieved an “a” rating!
                    






                             celebrating 25 years of impact: honoring our mission and values  
                    








                             vermilion charter academy scheduled to open in the fall
                    

                        a new school is coming to vermilion parish!
                    






                             charter schools usa celebrates 25 years!
                    

                        charter schools usa (csusa) is proud to be celebrating 25 years as a leader in the school choice movement.
                    





show all


<
>




show all news









                800 corporate drive, suite 700, 
                fort lauderdale, fl 33334
              
 (954) 202-3500 


join our team
enroll your child
find your school
request for proposals
accessibility statement
accessibility complaint form





charter schools usa (csusa) creates and operates high quality schools with an unwavering dedicationto student achievement and an unyielding commitment to ethical and sound business practices.























