





beach home & condo vacation rentals in lincoln city or


























#settings.company#


1-503-232-5984






facebook





twitter









property search




mobile toggle

home
vacation rentals
lincoln city activities
policies
contact us
blog
specials





















arrival date



departure date




amenities

oceanfront view
hot tub
private beach access







adv search









oregon beach homes & condos with stunning ocean views 




 beds: 2
 baths: 1


kristys kottage
 view details





 beds: 1
 baths: 1


nantucket property
 view details





 beds: 2
 baths: 2


seamist property
 view details





 beds: 3
 baths: 3


pacific escape
 view details









explore and stay at our oregon beach homes & condos
watch the surf at one of our many oregon beach homes and condos rentals in lincoln city.  a collection of modern, craftsman, and historic homes (1-5 bedrooms). perfect for a couple on a honeymoon or a family reunion for 16 guests! enjoy private beach access right from your home, or whale watch from the hot tub. the chinook winds casino can be a close walk or stay in the neighborhood of roads end with tide pools and quiet beaches.
 
the jetty avenue cottage is on the beach, a 1946 brick oceanfront gem within walking distance to chinook winds casino.  the cottage features stairs directly to the famed lincoln city beach, showcasing some of the best views in the area for whale watching, kite flying and beach combing!
the beachfront lodge is an oceanfront home with 2 spacious living areas, one with a large stone gas fireplace for gathering the group. plenty of room for private space with 5 bedrooms and an oceanfront loft.  this home sits on a double grass lot overlooking the oceanfront. gaze at sunsets, moonlight over the ocean and whale spouts galore!
moonbreaker beach house has a master bedroom with a large 2 person jacuzzi tub and deck with a fire pit overlooking the beach.   come to lincoln city for your enjoyment of surf & sand views, spectacular sunsets & moonlit nights that shine brightly on the ocean. 
please view all of our homes by clicking on 'vacation rentals'. feel free to give us a call at 503-232-5984 or book right online.
















quick links

oceanfront property oregon
oregon beach house rentals
oregon vacation homes
1-3 bedroom vacation rentals
4-5 bedroom vacation rentals
terms of use
vacation rentals
lincoln city activities
contact us
blog



contact

a1 beach rentals
3264 nw jetty ave.
lincoln city, or 97367
reservations@a1beachrentals.com
1-503-232-5984



sign up for exclusive offers and specials






leave this field empty 


nfirstname



nlastname



nemail















copyright © 2025 a1 beach rentals. all rights reserved.



















