


utopia nature - exploring the sabinal river valley flora and fauna - utopia, texas




















bird pages

bird news
utopia birds
bird list
bird photos
birds of utopia park
archived bird news pages
bird and nature guiding
reports from lost maples



bugs pages

butterflies
butterfly news
butterfly list
butterfly photos
moths
dragonflies
ode photos
newer dragonfly photos
ode news



sites & miscellaneous

birding sites
critters, bugs, & stuff
lost maples
garner state park
local site guide
where to stay



other pages

mitch's links
ken malloy harbor regional park (in los angeles)
mitch's notebook - under construction


 




welcome to utopia!






utopia, of course, is in texas!  roughly 75 miles
west of san antonio, so south central texas. it lies
in the sabinal river valley, near the southern edge 
of the edwards plateau on the balcones escarpment.  
it was named for its climate in the late-1800's. 
elevation is 1350' and the population in town and 
surrounding area is about 200 and change, except on 
weekends in summer.



to navigate this site, there is a link bar at
the top of most of the pages and link boxes
at the bottom of the pages ... scrolling over
the subjects in the nav bar above will provide a
dropdown box giving you the selections.
click one and you're off!




over time, our site will grow so please
bookmark it now before you lose it.  :-)
we hope you enjoy this window into utopia's nature.




here we have collection of pages about the incredible
natural history of the utopia area. the pages
feature the local fauna ... birds, butterflies, 
dragonflies, "critters, bugs and stuff,"
and more. it will start small, but we hope 
grow with time and can give you a good idea 
of the fauna present. the idea being to 
educate others, share, and document the incredible
diversity of wildlife in this area.



most of the photos are simple "snapshots"
and not high quality photos, but are generally 
enough for you to make an identification of a bird,
butterfly, dragonfly, or other animal you may have seen.
probably 95% of the butterflies you see locally could be
identified from the butterfly photo pages, and most 
of the common local dragonflies and damselflies are
on our dragonfly or damselfly photo pages. a large
percentage of the local birds species are on the bird
photos pages now too.




in now our 19th year of bumbling around the area i have 
seen over 360 species of birds, 144 species of butterflies, 
and 81 species of dragonflies and damselflies around utopia.
it is world class bio-diversity for such a small area.  




painted bunting, adult male, 
which are common late april to
early august locally.






most of the action is at the "bird news" page, which
should really be called "nature news," since
butterfly and dragonfly (odes) news is there too.
current updates of local bird and other sightings are there,
generally updated weekly on friday evening.  directions to some 
local spots to see all of this interesting stuff, as well as some
local business information is also shared on various pages.
we hope you enjoy the pages and view into utopia nature.



many birders come to the area to see the edwards plateau's 
two endemic threatened bird species, the golden-cheeked warbler 
and black-capped vireo.  huge draws for their small size.  besides
the roles they play in the ecosystem, they are very important 
economically to the area, locally to the tune of many tens of 
thousands annually.  if you can't guess which is which in
the photos below, birding might not be your thing.   ;)  










if you come out and visit, we hope you
have a good time, just remember to go home!








learn how to help support this site ...

support





current weather conditions









please help keep utopia safe & beautiful!
don't litter!


utopia recycles






crimson patch 
aka the crimson wonder






texas coral snake ~ do not handle!
thanks to nancy walling for her photo.
red next to black is a friend of jack,
red next to yellow will kill a poor fellow.






roseate skimmer
we have pink dragonflies.






barred owl






on the sabinal river at utopia park






a male golden-cheeked warbler in our birdbath.






please feel free to enjoy these links to our pages ...


bird news

utopia birds

bird list

bird photos

birds of utopia park

birding sites

reports from lost maples

winter bird count

butterflies

dragonflies

critters, bugs, & stuff

lost maples

garner state park

local site guide

mitch's links




to bird pics




to butterfly pics




to dragonfly & damselfly pics




current bird news




butterfly news




local ode news

our e-mail





wild turkey hen







black vulture: the utopia air force





all photographs within this site are copyrighted and may not be used without permission.
all rights reserved      www.utopianature.com
© m. and k. heindel 2004-2022








