


























luxury retreat | nimmo bay resort | true west coast wilderness



































 























skip to content






nimmo bay
 



book your tripshop now 
menumenu


















menu












welcome
                

packages and rates
                

optional enhancements
                

more information
                

blog
              

policies
                

contact
              

back
            

experience nimmo bay
              

our story
              

our team and careers
              

artist in residence
              

a sustainable community
              

back
            

inclusive package
              

weddings and honeymoons
              

exclusively yours resort buyout
              



rates at a glance
                    

2025 rates at a glance
back
            

2025 rates at a glance
              

back
            

heli adventures
              

coastal safari
              

taste the wild
              

kids in the wild
              



wellness experiences
                    

wellness within the wildspa menu
back
            

wellness within the wild
              

spa menu
              

back
            



about our experiences
                    

culinaryadventurewellness
cabins
              

resort map & amenities
              

how to get here
              

when to visit
              

what to pack
              

frequently asked questions
              

back
            

culinary
              

adventure
              

wellness
              

back
            

cancellation and payment policy
              

safety & waiver
              
 













subscribe 







 



















 














































find yourself in true west coast wilderness
in our busy modern lives, true nature can feel out of reach. we invite you to leave it all behind and welcome reconnection – with the wild, with each other, with yourself. our remote luxury destination offers world-renowned customized wilderness, culinary, and wellness experiences.
explore nimmo
















rediscover the wild within
if you can imagine it, our team can make it happen. we welcome guests as individuals, couples, groups and families, with inclusive packages covering accommodation, dining, drinks, and a range of activities. our team will work with you to enhance your stay with unforgettable adventures and moments of reflection, ensuring your expectations are more than exceeded.
plan your trip









experience the wild
set out on the adventure of a lifetime. dip your paddle into calm waters, hike through ancient rainforests or snorkel in one of the most biodiverse regions of the world. come peacefully face to face with the coastal rainforest’s most beloved creatures. explore an abundance of wilderness and wildlife from land, sea and sky.  
connect with nature










 


 










taste the coast
forage for sea kelp with an inspired chef, dive for sea urchins and haul up fresh dungeness crab. or, simply kick back with an expertly selected vintage and take in the culinary excellence we pride ourselves on.
explore culinary










 


 










feel revived
relax deeply, comforted by the soothing rush of our on-site waterfall and the gifted hands of our wellness team. meditate in our floating sauna before diving into clarifying pacific waters. like every experience we offer, your inner journey here is entirely up to you. turn any stay into a luxury wilderness retreat. 
relax into wellness










 


 










explore further
discover the coast on a guided boat trip in search of marine wildlife or soar to new heights on a customized helicopter adventure. nimmo bay offers access to over 50,000 square miles of wild terrain. reach remote rivers for breathtaking catch and release fly fishing, 10,000-year-old glacier hikes and endless bold experiences.  
choose your own adventure










 


 











natural born leaders
driven to create connections.
our warm and adventurous team members are at the heart of every nimmo luxury retreat experience. they are expert sommeliers, soulful practitioners, pilots, culinary inventors, and wilderness guides. mostly, they want to share their love for this wild, special place with you. 
meet the team




 













ready for an adventure?
book your trip today with the help of our expert trip planners. they will answer any questions and help you customize your package to reflect your ultimate vision for a wild getaway you won’t soon forget. 
plan your trip


















connect with us
contact us










          © 2025 nimmo bay, all rights reserved.        

privacy policy
website by leapxd
 


shopify
instagram
youtube
tiktok
pinterest 















menu










search for:



search

















book your tripshop now


