








web hosting, email hosting, email security, cloud solutions from net10
























































followfollowfollow












home
about us

testimonials
our policies

privacy policy
terms of service


contact us


net10 internet

hosting

business application
custom cloud hosting & colocation
private cloud
website
wpextreme™ wordpress optimized


domain name registration
email

email hosting
email security


managed it services


support

system status
faqs
email settings


blogs





















 















wordpress optimized hostingintroducing wpextreme™ – wordpress optimized hostingnext-level wordpress performance backed by net10’s decades of experience and personalized support.









know your cloudsuperior flexibility, performance, and support100% privacy & security of your datathe latest technology with human support and old-school servicereduce complexity and expense by using our infrastructurework with a cloud hosting provider who knows you and your business by name









email security solutionsprotect your inbox and focus on your businessprotection from phishing, viruses, and junk mailworks flawlessly with net10 email or your existing email solution100% supported by our us-based team









net10 securevpnsecure your communications – from anywhereeliminate eavesdropping and data collection by your isp or mobile provideruse public wifi without worry of data compromise









email without eavesdroppingkeep your private communications, well, private…major email providers collect your data, sell it, and use it to market to you.net10 owns and operates all of its own systems and will never harvest or sell your private data.













colocation and hybrid cloud
net10’s phoenix, az datacenter is the ideal location for your colocation and hybrid cloud deployments. with megaport connectivity and on-site interconnections to major cloud providers, it’s easy to tie into your existing on-premise, hosted, and cloud environments. read more.








apple mail and calendar
net10’s apple mail hosting solutions offer complete compatibility with native apple apps for mail, calendar, contacts, and notes with synchronization across all of your devices. privacy-centric, 100% microsoft-free, and fully branded with your own domain for a professional image. read more.










wpextreme™ for wordpress
take your wordpress sites to the next level with net10’s wpextreme™ wordpress-optimized hosting.
page and content optimization, caching, and built-in acceleration. read more.
• 24×7 monitoring by net10• white-glove onboarding and migration• optional managed updates• reseller & developer friendly








upgrade your security
net10 highly recommends expressvpn as an additional layer to your security protocol.
prevent other users on your wireless network, phone companies, internet providers, and malicious actors from intercepting your internet traffic.








net10.net cloud solutions
net10 is a provider of cloud solutions for nearly any application. we specialize in web hosting, wordpress hosting, email hosting and security, database hosting, and custom infrastructure.
net10 provides shared domain registration, web hosting solutions, virtual private servers (vps), custom private cloud solutions, and colocation.










all services are supported from our us headquarters and backed by a 99.99% uptime guarantee!






 













contact
net10 internet services, llcemail: support@net10.netbilling: billing@net10.net






call us
(928) 515-8990








address
headquarters:3623 crossings drive, suite 102prescott, az 86305






billing & correspondence
po box 11742prescott, az 86304








internet services
e-mail hosting & securitywordpress optimized hostingweb hostingdomain name registrationcustom hosting services






h

our policies
terms of service andacceptable use policyprivacy policy






follow us



followfollowfollow





we cannot help you with your net10 phone. we are not affiliated with their company in any way.







© copyright 1995-2025 net10 internet services, llc. all rights reserved.



 






















