


organizational politics for ethical leadership









organizational politics .org
developing ethical leadership for corporate and career advancement



 
research
article
case study
testimonials
 
“politics is how interests and influence play out in an institution.” 
        - benjamin franklin 
 
“when you mix people and power, you get politics.” 
        - winston churchill 
 
“politics is the art of getting things done.” 
        - harry truman 
 
“the operational definition of political savvy is 
        ethically building a critical mass of support for an idea you care about.” 
        
        - joel r. deluca, ph.d. 
 
“important changes that are shaping the nature of 
        work in today's complex organizations demand that we become more sophisticated 
        with respect to issues of leadership, power, and influence.” 
	  - john p. kotter, power and influence
 
“power tends to corrupt and absolute power corrupts absolutely.”
        lord acton
 
“management is itself a political activity.”
		jeffrey pfeffer, power in organizations 
 


 organizational politics
overcoming organizational politics can be done by anyone using the right 
        methods and attitudes. you don't need special skills to excel in your 
        organization, or to have your employees create a win-win situation for 
        the corporation and themselves. the line of books, seminars, and other 
        products for the political savvy 
        advantage™ are based on decades of research across many industries 
        and countries. these breakthrough findings from the 
        most extensive real world knowledge base in corporate america are summarized 
        below.



don't be discouraged by organizational politics!
              learn how to influence without authority and advance in your career 
              and your organization ... ethically!

compiling over 2 decades of research and real life studies of organizational 
              behavior across many industries and world cultures, dr. deluca shares 
              his findings of how anyone can increase their success 
              with the right techniques and attitude without sacrificing 
              values or ethics. 




benefits of the political savvy advantage™:

 political savvy provides you 2-3 times* the 
            likelihood for career success indicators such as: 
            
bonuses
merit increases
choice assignments
promotions
career satisfaction

*as shown in our extensive real world research.


political savvy has always been the hidden side of leadership. the relentless 
        onslaught of rapid change alters the very nature of organizations. these 
        conditions further politicize business and political savvy emerges as 
        an indispensable aspect of leadership, organizational 
        and career success is now accessible to anyone.



using the political savvy advantage™
the political savvy advantage™ is grounded in the hard facts of 
        today’s business realities. technical expertise is necessary but 
        often not sufficient for success in business. fortunately, you 
        don’t have to sell your soul to get ahead. 
        in fact, despite those locked into a negative stereotype of organizational 
        politics, mastering organizational politics is a crucial aspect of leadership. 
        the sad fact is how so many intelligent people don’t understand how 
        acting ethically can actually increase their influence. it provides ‘shark 
        repellent’ to avoid becoming victimized by organizational politics. 
        political savvy also works with top leadership levels to turn competitive 
        turf wars into collaborative teamwork. it also provides a way to create 
        a realistic productive culture in ever changing global competitiveness.
negative 
        organizational politics hampers creativity, productivity, fairness, motivation, 
        teamwork, and a host other critical issues that almost everybody knows 
        but is not allowed to speak about in the official hierarchy. consequently, 
        business politics is driven underground where people are left to 
        fend for themselves. unfortunately, most either decide to avoid politics 
        or become a ‘shark’ feeding off the success of others. fortunately 
        there is another way to respond. become politically savvy.
we hope you can take a little time to discover for yourself the value 
        of the political savvy advantage™!
want to learn more about how to advance your career without sacrificing 
        values or ethics? go to politicalsavvy.com

political savvy™ research findings on organizational politics
 abstract: investigations into organizational politics: 
      1974-2006
in total ~11,000 people have been subjects. the major focus is on its 
        nature, structure, and dynamics, particularly the personal success attributes 
        related to dealing with politics. other themes focused upon the intersection 
        of organizational politics and leadership, effects of politics on innovation 
        and systemic sources of political behavior. 
the heart of these investigations was two key organizational studies 
        which when combined contained ~ 6900 subjects in 9 organizations across 
        multiple industries. sponsors in the organizations aimed at creating a 
        subject pool representing a microcosm of their company. 
each core study had, at minimum, the following elements: a.) subjects 
        nominated by co-workers, b.) multi rater criteria: each subject had at 
        least three raters who knew the subject, c.) interviews of subjects and 
        raters, d.) internal personnel data: e.g., demographics, performance, 
        and promotion data were linked to subject interview data, e.) dialogue 
        data: compiled after subjects received feedback of the study results, 
        and f.) longitudinal data: biannual follow ups for up to twenty years. 
        additional sources of subjects resulted from an intervention derived from 
        the two core studies. 
 the major findings of these two core studies related 
        to the definition, structure, sources, levels, and personal attributes 
        in different structural groupings. the somewhat unexpected definition 
        that emerged was asymmetrical in terms of positive and negative politics. 
      
the major structural groupings for subjects that emerged were the ‘avoiding politics’ group: ~65-80% (this 
        group had three discernable subgroups),‘negative politics’ 
        group: ~15-25% and‘positive politics’ group: 
        ~5-10% of subjects. 
      while people move in and out of the groups. the group structure remained 
        fairly stable.

main attributes of each group were compiled in categories of mindset, 
        behaviors, and success factors. the most significant mindset difference 
        was the ‘rational systems’ view of the avoidance 
        group and the ‘human systems’ view of the two active 
        political groups. 
 there was also a major mindset difference between the two active 
        political groups. there was the win-lose, non ethical, upward focus, self 
        interest, competitive, personal gain mindset of the negative politics 
        group, versus the win-win, ethical, organization focus, enlightened self 
        interest, collaborative, best interests of the business mindset of the 
        positive politics group. 
in terms of behavioral differences, major ones included 
        the high networking and constant small risking taking of the positive 
        politics group versus the relatively low networking and risk avoidance 
        of both other groups. 
the positive politics group had the higher innovation success 
        rates and higher success factor indicators in terms of performance, and 
        promotion. they were more likely to be viewed as leaders than the other 
        two groups.
there were not any major distinguishing factors between the positive 
        politics group and the avoidance group in terms of personality, interpersonal 
        skill, and intelligence. positive politics seemed to be an 
        ability possessed by most people. 
negative politics did seem to involve an interpersonal skill in terms 
        of manipulative skills such as of impression management in influencing 
        both how they were perceived and how potential rivals were perceived. 
      
 several systemic sources giving rise to organization politics emerged. 
        the most embedded was internal competition resulting from functional or 
        divisional sub optimization. 
the common practice of allocating goals when resources and highly valued 
        rewards are scarce was seen as the key impetus for the sub optimization 
        and resulting internal competition. other systematic sources included 
        generational dynamics and cultural or informal organization misalignment 
        with the official hierarchy. all together the result is an organization 
        where much of the energy is going into internal friction rather than serving 
        clients and shareholders.
 the dominant rational systems paradigm operating as 
        a rational meritocracy is both expected by employees 
        and supported by the organization. ’officially’ politics 
        is considered dysfunctional and in most organizations politics doesn’t 
        officially exist. yet, the practical limitations of the rational 
        systems paradigm actually acted as a major factor in creating the existence, 
        structure, sources, and dynamics of organizational politics that organizations 
        are trying to avoid.
 given the unanticipated finding that most people already seemed 
        to possess the basic ability to practice positive politics but didn’t 
        use it, an intervention was crafted to embody the key findings 
        of these investigations. it was tested with over 10,000 people; ~3200 
        of these participated in follow up impact studies. 
results indicate that ~ 70% of avoidance group members shifted 
        toward the positive politics mindset with that number declining to where 
        it stabilized at ~30% after about five years, which is about triple the 
        normal percentage of active political savvy workers.
based on the results of these investigations, 
        a theory of organizational politics is proposed and is in a separate document. 
        it ends with a more functional view of organizational politics and 
        the steps that organizations can take to attain it.
want to learn more about how to advance your career without sacrificing 
        values or ethics? go to politicalsavvy.com

back to top



dirty politics vs. political savvy 
        how to do organizational politics the right way!
there certainly is a dirty side to office politics with brown-nosing, backstabbing, 
        glory-hogging and outright lying can usually be found somewhere in most 
        offices. the key to a successful career is to maintain a good reputation 
        and maintain your integrity while building relationships. 
one of the underlying ideas behind the political savvy advantage™ 
        is that it's about moving from a self interest to an enlightened self 
        interest perspective. you want to build your reputation in the organization 
        as a fair and decent player that looks for win-win solutions benefiting 
        the organization overall. self interest is much more short term: you hit 
        me, and i'll hit you back.
what gives office politics a bad name is employees thinking that only 
        the dishonest, backstabbing, conniving managers will succeed. there are 
        a lot of really good, decent, frustrated people who are stuck. the only 
        people they see doing the influence stuff are the machiavellian shark 
        types. 
(machiavelli, was the one who argued that rulers should have a reputation 
        for being stingy, know how to be deceitful, and have no mercy for the 
        weak or inactive players ... haven't we all had bosses who demonstrate 
        those qualifications?)
but machs won't survive for long if workers with integrity enter the 
        political arena as well. it's hard for a mach to challenge a politically 
        savvy individual. for the most part, machs are out for themselves, so 
        their networks are often not that large. a politically savvy person with 
        a good reputation lower down can outmaneuver a machiavellian.
most organizations try to build relationships with their clients, political 
        savvy individuals build relationships all around them.
successfully playing office politics requires you to join a group -- 
        sign up with a party, basically. (although your officemates would probably 
        not appreciate being referred to as whig or bull moose.) if you're trying 
        to get something done in the office, you need to be able to go to co-workers 
        as well as people elsewhere in the organization on an informal basis. 
        politically savvy individuals are as comfortable working in the informal 
        organization as well as the formal hierarchy. 
you don't need to brown nose or do anything you are not interested in, 
        like going to your bosses kids concert, most people have enough diverse 
        interests that we can make that connection at work and beyond with comfort 
        and integrity.
an important tip is that administrative professionals represent one of 
        the most powerful sources of information and influence for anyone wanting 
        to have the impact of those considered to be politically savvy.
organization politics is just like any other form of politics: people 
        who can be trusted tend to do better, at least in the long run, than those 
        who cut corners. the higher your reputation, the more influence you have 
        in the organization. people want to work for those that are seen as ethical 
        players, because that's where their careers lie.
if you're going to have integrity and form strong relationships, you 
        have to use your political relationships for the good of the company, 
        not for your own benefit. the more you're seen as operating ethically, 
        the more your word is your bond, the more people can count on you. the 
        idea is not to be about your career. be about something the organization 
        cares about.
most of the time if you work to make your boss successful your team and 
        organization will have success. the way that you get valued is to really 
        be committed to being part of a team, and build strong relationships.
again, enlightened self interest is a better way to win the sweeter life 
        by being known as a fair player, to have a better reputation, to have 
        my idea accepted instead of yours and get promoted.
 
back to top



sample case study using the political savvy advantage™ 
      
a government agency who requested anonymity, as most organizations 
        do when providing specific examples, developed a management succession 
        program with the following quotes and results:

        “as with most other organizations, rapid changes in technology had 
        altered the rules of the game, and there was a new and very different 
        kind of need to think about products not in isolation, but in the context 
        of many other, hugely complex, systems.” …
 “the ‘silo effect’ was also playing out. think of 
        a silo with internal barriers built in so that information travels only 
        a short distance up or down, even within a particular workgroup. ... even 
        with my own awareness of the problem, i was somewhat startled that participants 
        worked through the projects and made their recommendations without first 
        consulting higher-level managers and stakeholders.” … 
“… the first of two critical books used in the program: political 
        savvy, by joel deluca. deluca writes about the ‘rational block,’ 
        the usually mistaken belief that a logical, objectively-better idea will 
        win out. in the world of hard sciences, with a workforce comprised of 
        scientists, engineers, logisticians, analysts, computer specialists, and 
        technicians, it is not difficult to see why there might be a bias towards 
        the “better-idea-wins” assumption. deluca also emphasizes 
        the importance of concepts such as coalition-building and a clear-eyed 
        understanding of the reality and inevitability of organizational politics. 
        politics is not a bad word in this context, but an acknowledgment of how 
        human beings work every day, virtually everywhere. deluca writes about 
        the need for ‘ethically building a critical mass of support for 
        an idea you care about’.”...
“learning about such approaches, the trainees came to understand 
        many different perspectives on their own ideas, projects, and work. i’m 
        now confident that they have developed a broader perspective. so the point 
        here is that the breadth of experience required is becoming more and more 
        a central issue. we have to be broad thinkers in how we approach problem 
        solving and implement systems. the new management just has to think differently—has 
        to think across a wide spectrum, has to understand business practices, 
        has to understand the technical work, and have to know how to integrate 
        all these pieces.” 
“in addition to making political savvy required reading, the program 
        also built in time for the trainees to interact with senior management 
        on actual workplace projects. from mentoring to reality checks to building 
        political savvy, this communication toppled the barriers within the silos.” 
        …
“the other thing we wanted to do was to get a program that had a 
        lot of interaction between the senior management and the participants, 
        so their ability to work on real organization problems and get out and 
        try to validate their solutions with senior management was extremely important 
        to us. they begin to network, they begin to understand how senior management 
        thinks, and they get to function in some real-life situations. of course, 
        such interactions also lay the groundwork for participants to better understand 
        the realities of senior leadership positions.” … 
“taking a page out of the political savvy book, i realized the entire 
        endeavor might not be supported by the rest of the leadership team, so 
        i took steps to avoid that...” 
results: "i conceded the difficulty of a classic, 
        mathematically valid measure of return on investment (roi), a measure 
        that is often elusive in management and leadership development programs. 
        however, i pointed to a number of tangible, real results of the program, 
        even before it reaches completion. it has opened up new opportunities 
        with our present customers. from a qualitative point of view, there will 
        be less downtime when key employees leave. i see shorter learning curves 
        for the participants when they assume these key positions, which means 
        a smoother transition to the next generation of leaders. moreover, several 
        of the participants already have attained more important positions in 
        our management team. so i certainly think there’s a qualitative 
        roi for this."

back to top




testimonials
"i began using political savvy as a coaching tool 
              several years ago and find it equally applicable to first time managers 
              and senior executives." 
anita jensen. ph.d.,
              vice president executive development, citibank
"the principles from this book have been essential 
              in helping our mba students understand how to become impact players 
              in their own organizations, no matter what level they are at." 
            
 stewart friedman, ph.d., founding director of the
              leadership program, wharton school of business, university of pennsylvania


			 "political savvy gave me great ideas on how to go about doing what i'm trying to acheive,
			 which is for us (bmc software) to do business in another way. it gave me the necessary information
			 on how to sell your idea within your own company to gain support and how to execute your plan."
			 
bill griffin, senior manager - emerging marketsbmc software
"political savvy helped me because i have a tendency to be very direct ...
			and it doesn't always work. i'm in the financial unit and responsible for making a profit.
			it solidified the fact that you do need to work through other people. it brought it home to me -
			you need to have others help others all for the benefit of the company."
phyllis h. geans, manager,
			business & operations support, entergy texas
"political savvy has been very helpful because my team carries out a lot of change (it support services).
			it helps identify who we should talk to and ways to communicate that change within our organization."
sheila w. green, director of it support servicescardinal health
"understanding the perceptions and reluctance many have to being politically savvy has been tremendously
			beneficial to myself and my team. dr. deluca's insight regarding how facts that support a new idea are 'necessary but not sufficient'
			speaks volumes to the work that my team does at nasa. there are a wealth of great ideas at nasa with supporting facts to justify them,
			but they are not sufficient to take them beyond the idea stage. it takes political savvy to understand how the idea supports the nasa mission."
stephen a. gonzalez, project managernasa
"i think tolerance.....tolerance in listening to all sides 
              of the story. sometimes we don't understand the big picture not 
              knowing that we don't and that there are many sides to consider. 
              i think you need to get all the information."
denise kelley, manager, simulation & tool sw dev.,command & control software dev., international space stationthe boeing company
"deluca has created a smooth flowing work that delivers 
              what it promises: a systematic approach to being an effective, ethical, 
              behind-the-scenes leader. must reading for the savvy and unsavvy, 
              alike"
stern's hr management review
named as one of the ten best career books of the decade. 
new york post 2000
i wish i had this book early in my career... it's the first gift i gave my youngest son before he took a job after graduating from college, and i gave copies to my two older sons, as well. 
judge richard kleincourt of common pleas, philadelphia
political savvy is the single best book i've read on the human side of leading change. many of my clients have benefited from joel's pragmatic approach to making change happen. 
robert bruce shaw, ph.d., managing principle, princeton mcg consulting author of trust in the balance, 1998
an excellent book for new and experienced managers alike. it takes readers beyond the negative stereotypes of organizational politics and shows them how to get involved in making changes in their organizations.
stephen stumpf, ph.d. dean of professional development, booze-allen & hamilton, inc.
the class sessions based upon the book were such a hit in our management of technology program for engineers that we have now incorporated it permanently into the curriculum. this is a must read for all practicing technologists, engineers and scientists.
dwight l. jaggard, ph.d., associate dean, graduate education 
        & research, 
        school of engineering and applied science,
        university of pennsylvania 
“[fc recommends political savvy: a systematic approach 
              to leadership behind the scenes, by joel deluca.] a step by step 
              manual for exercising influence beyond your authority. “ 
fast company magazine, april/may 1998
“if you are already savvy, this book will help you fine 
        tune your style and if you are not the approach, strategy and tactics 
        discussed will give you the means to improve your odds in the political 
        jungle. i give political savvy 5 stars."
audra poole
        charleston regional business journal
"joel deluca provides a wonderful case for recognizing 
        human nature, and making a positive change in one’s outlook…"
faculty member of psychology.com
"the book is loaded with insight and strategy that can 
        be applied immediately. the structure of the book includes stories for 
        the right-brained reader and strong conceptual details with charts, graphs, 
        and maps for the left-brained reader.”
deanna bryce, leaderstrength systems, inc.
“..it presents an excellent set of actions/behaviors that 
        would collectively further anyone’s leadership or organizational 
        agenda, and i really appreciate the straightforward writing…”
        
barbara beizerlearning & leadership development
        freddie mac
“i have just retired after 32 years in a major fortune 10 company 
        and i have to commend joel deluca on the excellence of his book. i think 
        the tools he provides are of outstanding practical value and highly useable 
        on a day to day basis. but i think his emphasis on the ethical nature 
        of savvy work is critical. his description of machs or machiavellis who 
        seek power only for its own sake to advance themselves, is extremely realistic, 
        convincing and a challenge to principle people to take back organization 
        politics from the pecking order obsessives and make organizations avowed 
        purposed a central guiding light.”
reader from workworries.com
"you have been tremendously helpful to me thank you for the time and guidance you have offered. as a result - my meeting with the client was very successful." "the most compelling partwas pertaining to the ability to create the organization's political map - having a simple framework to think through the list of the stakeholders and clearly assess who is in the game of influencing."
edyta pacuk, mica
“during the course of my career, i have worked in every 
        size organization from the federal government to major corporations to 
        small businesses - some of these with seemingly little politics and others 
        as political as they come. no matter what size organization you are in, 
        i would recommend that you put political savvy on your "must read" 
        list. how often do workers, whether they are managers or worker bees, 
        find themselves unable to move ahead because they are blocked by organization 
        politics?” … ”this book can make leaders and winners 
        of almost everyone. political savvy has many practical ideas and tools 
        to let all of us move through those politically sensitive situations without 
        making our colleagues feel we've stepped on their toes. you don't have 
        to be a "shark" to get ahead and there are ways of even using 
        "shark repellent." the book is a great tool for making the impact 
        you want and gaining career success. it's a quick read though you may 
        want to read it again and again. don't skip the beginning chapters because 
        they explore some of the basic terms you will find invaluable once you 
        get to the proven techniques used by the politically savvy.”
vicki weiss - amazon review
"i consider you [joel deluca] a seminal thinker in leadership and organizational 
        development - i can't tell you how often and how much i refer to your 
        'organizational mapping' concept."
john baldoni, author 
how great leaders get great results
…”i’ve given these books to the head 
              of the investment banking division and the head of hr.” {company 
              name withheld} …”is a politically intense, at times 
              ruthless, environment, the book has been very helpful for coaching 
              clients on how to navigate the politics in an authentic, ethical 
              way.” 
carlos r., vp
 “anyone involved in the leadership aspect of the business 
        world would do well to read political savvy. it provides a fruitful strategy 
        for survival in a macrocosmic world of never ending change and chaos. 
        these winds of change have created a frontier of challenges and work environments 
        that, before this time, never existed. the practice of political savvy 
        can really make a difference in the effectiveness of an organization. 
        it's excellent reading for anyone serious about surviving in the corporate 
        world. a ten star book!”
 amazon reader, kate - las vegas
“political savvy will help you ride the corporate rapids” 
        … “deluca helps us see the political landscape of organizational 
        life very clearly and positively. the key for all of us to understand, 
        which deluca points out expertly in this book, is that "political" 
        is not a four-letter word - and is not necessarily synonymous with "devious", 
        "selfish" or "deceitful"! it's o.k to want to have 
        influence - most of us do! the key is what is your motivation and how 
        you go about it. most of us have good intentions that our organizations 
        would applaud, but we are appallingly lacking in the ability to carry 
        through. political savvy is a wonderful lesson in understanding that organizations 
        are inhabited by people - and with a little strategizing and planning, 
        we have the ability to influence them - and, therefore, become "impact 
        players" in our organizations!
mantonu - a reader on amazon
 “a profound and informative look into the corporate 
        mindset of today. an ethical approach to the spirit that dominates a workplace. 
        for anyone interested in surviving in the corporate world this book is 
        "a must." it is a handbook for success in the often frustrating 
        and chaotic world of the corporation. i am grateful for the valuable insight 
        it has given me. i found it, not only enjoyable reading, but most valuable 
        as well. my gratitude to dr. deluca for a very worthwhile and informative 
        creation!”

william f. - henderson, nc
“political savvy is a "must read" for anyone who 
        has ever thought or been told that office "politics" are bad 
        and to be avoided at all costs! dr. deluca provides wonderful insight 
        into managing the "machs" and the bosses, that most of us in 
        large organizations have encountered, who must win at all costs. by providing 
        the rationality of the actors in organizational dramas, the book provides 
        practical, easy-to-use methods that enable the reader to increase the 
        probability of creating "win/win" situations that are ethical 
        and satisfying. the book is a permanent tool on my office bookshelf and 
        i have given a copy to one of my friends and another to one of my co-workers!”
mike m. – havertown, pa
“a must for corporate managers at all levels” … 
        “this book touches the wellspring of success in relationships in 
        corporate entities. the blend of understanding dynamics and learning practical 
        skills makes this book one i will return to many times for personal grounding 
        and for teaching others in my work.”
reader on amazon
“mr. deluca has written a wonderfully insightful manual 
        for success in the work place. a lightning fast and enjoyable read, this 
        book will soften the battle scarred heart of even the most jaded and cynical 
        dilbert fans. the topic is the politics of the workplace, which is undoubtedly 
        the leading cause of employee dissatisfaction everywhere. joel deluca 
        provides a wonderful case for recognizing human nature, and making a positive 
        change in one's outlook to cherish the irrationality of the human organization 
        that presently causes so much frustration and angst for the vast majority." 
        ... "this book provides some practical relief from the pressure of 
        organizational politics, as well as a toolkit to help the reader participate 
        in the workings in a proactive and benevolent way. this book is the culmination 
        of a very sincere scientific investigation, presented in a manner that 
        is not overly academic."
pat o'reilly – new york city
“political savvy was among a handful of the most insightful, 
        and eye opening business books i've read. it answers the age old question 
        of how do i get results while doing the right thing. the counter-intuitive 
        approach is brilliant; more so, after reading the book, i've tried the 
        concepts and they are right on target!”
robert reiss
        president, reissource - new york city

“…this has been by far one of the most popular books 
        with my mba students. deluca presents useful and practical approaches 
        to becoming and ethical political player in organizations. too long the 
        subject has been viewed as dirty, taboo. deluca brings politics out of 
        the closet and gives readers practical tools for understanding their own 
        political styles and how to work ethically and effectively with others.”
professor chris poulson 
        csu pomona – claremont, ca

“this book really impressed me, and i am in business 35 
        years in new york city. politics is a necessary fact in business although 
        many business people will deny this. joel deluca emphasizes this and takes 
        the position that within the politics of organizations the ethical principles 
        that drive individual behavior in large measure also drives the outcome. 
        he very astutely identifies a range of personality types and then proceeds 
        to illustrate how effective genuinely ethical business tactics are to 
        advancing individual goals as well as those of the business. 
        this book should be required study for business school students. i 
          have seen business to business relations go from a handshake is a deal 
          to contracts, in many cases, are not good enough to insure compliance 
          with agreements. relations among co-workers within organizations, the 
          focus of the book, has not faired better as people spend far more time 
          protecting their job or complicating other's job, than advancing the 
          collective interests of the enterprise. ethics, in the current business 
          climate are, for the most part, not much more than the expedient adjustments 
          among conflicting interests and justice then becomes substantially in 
          the interests of the strong. political savvy powerfully illustrates, 
          with real world examples, that such an understanding of ethics in business 
          is ultimately ineffectual and that unyielding ethical behavior is really 
          the winning strategy. 
highly recommended to anyone interested in sustained advancement in 
          a business career.” 


eric wood 
        president - voice factory international

for anyone interested in surviving in the corporate world this 
        book is "a must." it is a handbook for success in the often 
        frustrating and chaotic world of the corporation. i am grateful for the 
        valuable insight it has given me.
william furman
“the blend of understanding dynamics and learning practical 
        skills makes this book one i will return to many times for personal grounding 
        and for teaching others in my work.”
reader on amazon
“at last, a thoroughly researched, user-friendly, step-by-step 
        guide to becoming a political savvy manager…this [book] tells executives 
        what to do, starting tomorrow morning, to overcome these problems and 
        make constructive change happen.” our [mba] students swear by it. 
        so will you.”
marta mooney
        fordham university professor
        graduate school of business 
"i’m a student at the united states department of 
        agriculture (usda) graduate school attending their 2005/2006 executive 
        leadership course. part of my growth and development is to read three 
        books on leadership based on what my identified weaknesses. needless to 
        say i was very weak on office politics or political savvy strengths. i 
        selected your book out of hundreds i could have read to help me with my 
        political savvy and i must say i have learned a lot in last several weeks 
        just from reading your book. in fact i’m not sure why office politics 
        or political savvy courses are not required in college, this is the kind 
        of stuff that is really needed if one is to advance in the work place 
        and or get things accomplished. for too long, i believed that key decisions 
        were made by intelligent rational individuals. i see now that may not 
        be the case. i’m proud to say now after reading your book, i’ve 
        gone from an “f” to at least “c”, it is my hope 
        that in the next 12 months i can apply some of the concepts and strategies 
        and apply them to my situation and become a more political savvy employee. 
        great book and thanks for educating me."
clyde reid
"[the political savvy book] ...gives me a practical way 
        to map my environment. i was really becoming a cynic of beating my head 
        against the system. i work in the government and there tends to be more 
        bureaucracy to break through but i need to learn to survive in this environment 
        because i’ve been here too long to branch out into non-government 
        environment. i see your book as showing the big picture on getting your 
        change ideas implemented. i have never been really good with people and 
        felt reassured that only have strong interpersonal skills don’t 
        help you in this process. i know i need to become better with people skills 
        but this book gives me the focus i need to know who to try to influence."
louis reid, project lead, quality production & logistics, 
        us navy
testimonials from organizational politics seminars ... the political 
        savvy way
“the topic of this book, political savvy, drew a 
              surprising amount of interest. we had over two hundred requests 
              from a variety of organisations who wanted to attend the seminar. 
              it was unfortunate that we had to limit attendance, especially as 
              the seminar was so well received.
dr. stephen gans
              london institute for management studies
 “i was very much looking forward to the political savvy 
        presentation. it looked like information that i’ve been looking 
        for my entire professional life. the session certainly lived up to my 
        expectations.” … “i believe the work you [joel deluca] 
        are doing is so very much needed in the world of today. it fosters right 
        human relations. it is my hope, as i’m sure it is yours, that it 
        helps to create what we all wish for – a kinder, gentler environment 
        in which all feel safe to live and love.” [the political savvy 
        book is] “cogent and well written”
 eva simonsen, president
        prudential-roseland, iaap chapter
"just wanted to let you know the political savvy piece of our session went very well. after the three days we received a standing ovation and i must say it is due to the quality of the political savvy information."  "we are swamped with business"
mark rodgers
        www.yourperformancematters.com

"i thought your talk on "political savvy" was extremely 
              interesting and well done. in addition to being on the board of 
              astd-scc, i am a member of the connecticut chapter of the national 
              speakers association. that organization has exposed me to many fine 
              speakers, and i think that you are among the best i've seen. your 
              enthusiasm, content knowledge, and facilitation technique made for 
              an engaging evening. if any of my clients have a need for an executive 
              coach or leadership training, i would recommend you."
alice stitelman, ph.d.
        astd presentation june 2005
"the major value i received from the political savvy seminar 
              was understanding that politically savvy individuals are not necessarily 
              political, but rather ethical and take the opportunity to relationships 
              across all departments within an organization. the true political 
              savvy individual never compromises ethics to justify a means to 
              an end."
kelly morrison, internal customer support managercardinal health
"recently, i attended a seminar on political savvy by joel deluca which was one of the most informative on the topic of organizational politics that i have ever had the pleasure of being a participant."
alex brewer, lloyds tsb bank,
              london, england
“the political savvy seminar was of particular value to 
        me because i was able to distinguish between the three levels – 
        those that play above board, those in the middle, and those below. and 
        i was able to learn how to work with those in the middle without compromising 
        my values and ethics.” 
 vp citigroup - europe
“the evening was profound, the learning impactful…we 
        know that the information will contribute in assisting many of us as internal 
        and external consultants in the organizations we serve.” “…we 
        learned a lot about learning how to strategize and influence while keeping 
        it ethical, above board and maintaining one’s self esteem. joel 
        helped shift our mindset.”
organizer, philadelphia region organization development 
        network
“i will be presenting a session [on professional ethics 
        and believe] joel deluca’s ethics is power baker’s dozen [principles] 
        would be a perfect compliment to my presentation"
earl johnson
“i wish i had this earlier in my career.”
leslie margolis, president
        network of women in computing technology
“immediately applicable to my job…very realistic.”
attendees at bell atlantic executive education program
 “i would like to thank you for last week’s training on 
        political savvy at our annual conference. all the feedback was extremely 
        positive, the event was very successful!” 
 vp, citibank
 “i very much enjoyed the presentation. i find that dr. 
        deluca’s tips will be very helpful to me in coaching my female clients 
        who are very hesitant to be ‘political’.” 
 maribeth d. renne
        internationally certified career management professional

 “on behalf of the nwct, i would like to thank you for joining 
        us this past tuesday evening and delivering such a powerful presentation. 
        we received such tremendous feedback from our members who found your presentation 
        to be fun, enthusiastic and a true eye opener on how we choose to work 
        with others.” 
 pamela finnerty
        business development
        network of women in computer technology

 “on behalf of the network of women in computer technology, 
        i would like to thank you and vicki weiss for a most thorough and informative 
        presentation on the dynamics of power and politics. the way everyone was 
        able to participate was an enjoyable and added bonus. the workshop helped 
        us to understand much better what skills we need to become politically 
        savvy. you were both outstanding and the members of nwct truly benefited 
        from your presentation.” 
 evelyn fair – program committee
        network of women in computer technology

“the audience was thrilled to hear you, david and connie 
        {the other panelists} discuss this intriguing topic.” … “we 
        have had rave reviews and several people have mentioned that they are 
        running out and buying your book.”
alice c. & sophie kaufmann- political savvy women, 
        power & politics panel
        fwa professional development and leadership committee
 other comments from audience members at this 
        fwa event:
“what a wonderful event, timely, relevant, and so very 
        useful”

        “a thrilling evening”

        “joel was absolutely sensational and provided unique, helpful insight 
        and strategies into the corporate/executive world that we all face as 
        women.”
         
  
back to top



contact us today at evergreen business group 610-408-0717
©2006-2015 
  evergreen business group
website by 
  erose web & business services, llc   




