














st. francis of assisi catholic church wichita ks























 



















menu
home
about

mass & confession
contact the office
parish staff
new to the parish
map of facility
mission, vision & core values
organizational chart
our patron saint
history
vocations
past pastors & parochial vicars


communications

church calendar
bulletin
pastor’s corner
email & text message sign-up
faith formation
promotion request


sacraments

baptism
reconciliation (confession)
the eucharist (communion)
confirmation
matrimony
holy orders
anointing of the sick
homebound visits
married outside the church?
women’s vocations


stewardship

stewardship
legacy giving
online giving
pillars
rebuild my church campaign
stewardship in your parish
stewardship renewal video
time, talent & treasure


ministries

ministries
council & ministry chair list


youth

catechesis of the good shepherd (cgs)
catholic youth ministry (cym)
homeschool parent info
parish school of religion (psr)
totus tuus


resources

formed
forms & documents
parish library
support for catholic schools
style guide handbook


visit school website
 





contact us
 














school




search









				welcome to
				st. francis of assisi catholic church



				your browser does not support mp4 or webm videos.
			
 visit school website





						bulletin
					




						calendar
					




						new to the parish
					




						pastor’s corner
					




						online giving
					









st. francis of assisi catholic church is a vibrant parish community in wichita, kansas.
centered on the eucharist, the church offers a variety of opportunities for spiritual growth and fellowship, including multiple mass times throughout the week, religious education programs, and various parish events. the church is committed to serving the wider community and encourages its members to share their gifts and talents in service to others. whether you’re seeking a place to deepen your faith or looking for a welcoming community, st. francis of assisi welcomes you.
contact us  forms & documents  stewardship






mass schedule
sunday obligation masses
saturday: 5:00pm, 7:00pm
sunday: 7:00am, 8:30am, 10:00am, 11:30am, 1:00pm
weekday masses
mon-fri: 8:00am, 5:30pm
saturday: 8:00am
view holy days, special days & holidays
confessions
mon-fri: 4:45-5:25pm
saturday: 3:00pm (until line is finished) & during evening masses
sunday: during all masses











learn more






learn more






learn more










 


what's happening



 


				    		campaign ambassadors for one family, fully alive in christ				    	

calling all 25 to 40-year-olds! would you like to: • potentially raise $1,450,000 for our parish? • support diocesan projects?... read more 

see more


father's focus




				    		novena of divine mercy for souls in despair				    	

day 1, sept. 7th, 9:00 am – agony in the garden dear jesus, it is hard for me to completely... read more 



				    		the way of light				    	

dear parish family, this letter attributed to saint barnabas was written around 130 ad. it shows the enduring value of... read more 



				    		return to your parish family				    	

recently i had a conversation with a new family sending their children to school here. i want to share a... read more 



				    		part 15: an ideal parish is universal				    	

this is part 15 of a fifteen-part series called “the vision of an ideal parish” based on an article by... read more 

see more


morality matters




				    		a gift of self – church’s view on organ donation				    	

i still remember the day so clearly. chase came home from school wearing a camo shirt with a crucifix on... read more 



				    		sources of morality				    	

morality is deeply rooted in what has been divinely revealed and handed down through tradition. these sources are not merely... read more 



				    		relativism ruins relationships				    	

we can point to many modern issues or problems, such as the attack on families, culture, and the church today.... read more 



				    		st. michael’s lent, fasting, and digitial media				    	

our church has a wealth of traditions that help the faithful ascend to moral virtue and combat the vices that... read more 

see more














church office: 
316-722-4404 • 
						861 n. socora, wichita, ks 67212						
contact the office
sitemap
privacy policy
 
						©2025 st. francis of assisi catholic church. all rights reserved.
					














 


our website uses cookies to remember your preferences and improve your experience.
				learn more. accept









