





operation go international – a global gospel initiative



































































 
 








skip to content














 homecurrent eventsaboutwitnessdiscipleleadserveshopmore what we believeiswdicontact usarchivesdonate 


search for:








homecurrent eventsaboutwitnessdiscipleleadserveshopmore what we believeiswdicontact usarchivesdonate 


search for:








homecurrent eventsaboutwitnessdiscipleleadserveshopmore what we believeiswdicontact usarchivesdonate 











search for:




















homejoshua alexander2024-09-26t22:14:11-04:00 
equipping. leading.
going.
partner with operation go international and increase your outreach today.
donate nowlearn moreequipping.
leading.
going.
partner with operation go international and increase your outreach today.
donate now >
learn more about operation go international
our mission
we are a global ministry focused on gospel initiatives.
learn morewhat we dowe provide individuals and churches, worldwide, with the training and tools to produce followers of jesus who win others to christ, see them baptized and discipled to reproduce. our ministry presently operates in over ninety countries, states, and provinces worldwide, working to reach the 50 percent of the people who have never heard of jesus christ.
learn morewhat we dowe provide individuals and churches with the tools and training to make visible differences in their communities and around the world. our ministry operates in eight countries worldwide, working to reach the 50 percent of people who have never heard of jesus christ.
learn morehow we help churches
our programs reach people
biblical “strategy” is taught and “vision” is caught. the pastor can expect trained disciples to reproduce. therefore, the church will reach and retain her community. workers will be recruited, trained and motivated. strategies will be developed which will increase attendance, offering, baptism, membership commitment and involvement.
learn morehow we help churches
our programs reach people
biblical “strategy” is taught and “vision” is caught. the pastor can expect trained disciples to reproduce. therefore, the church will reach and retain her community. workers will be recruited, trained and motivated. strategies will be developed which will increase attendance, offering, baptism, membership commitment and involvement.
learn moreoperation go witnessthe “witness division” of operation go international specializes in equipping and training churches and leaders with proven tools to help win people to christ.
.
.
find out more>>
operation go disciplethe “disciple division” of operation go international equips ministries to grow new believers from the genesis of that faith to mature followers of christ who reproduce.
.
.
find out more>>
operation go leadthe “lead division” of operation go international provides practical training and tools necessary in developing ministry leaders focused on the total function of the new testament church; including spiritual growth, revitalization and stewardship.
find out more>>
operation go servethe “serve division” of operation go international provides engaging avenues they give needed life necessities to the impoverished and disaster victims globally.
.
.
find out more>>
where we work
in over 90 countries, states and provinces, operationgo international is aggressively engaged in a proactive mission strategy that is training and equipping national pastors soul winning and church planting. this bold adventure focuses on unreached people groups and those who have never heard of jesus christ.
2005
india
with a qualified national leadership in place in all 36 states, a strategy is being being followed to saturate this nation of 1.1 billion people with the gospel.

2006
myanmar
based in yangon, the training of national pastors is countrywide; even reaching into western china. outlying villages are being reached by evangelism teams.

2010
latin america
the training of nationals in mexico, every country in central america, key countries in south america and outlying islands is multiplying greatly.
key areas in the us are being reached.

2018
east africa
with established leadership in kenya, our outreach presently extents into seven african countries, even somalia. now, aggressive steps are being taken to enter open doors in all of africa.

1998
southeast asia
our biblical strategy, birthed in metro manila, now extends in all the philippines. this nation has now furnished a gateway to numbers of countries, including cambodia and vietnam.

1984
united states
founded in 1984, by god’s wonderful grace, our ministry claimed the promise of our savior given in matthew 4:19; “follow me, and will make you fishers of men.” now, the same biblical outreach strategy employed worldwide, is aggressively being activated in the us.

what god has done since 1984
the international influence of operation go
(as of november 1, 2023)
150k+national pastors
trained2.3m+soul winners
trained140k+local churches
plantedwhere we’re
headedthink about the 50% around our world who have never heard of jesus. wishful thinking is not strategy. hope is not enough. we need engagement. we are committed to reaching them for christ with purpose and planning. see how you can be involved in our plan to reach the world with the gospel of christ.
learn morewhere we’re headedthink about the 50% around our world who have never heard of jesus. wishful thinking is not strategy. hope is not enough. we need engagement. we are committed to reaching them for christ with purpose and planning. see how you can be involved in our plan to reach the world with the gospel of christ.
learn morewhere we’re
headedthink about the 50% around our world who have never heard of jesus. wishful thinking is not a strategy. hope is not enough. we need engagement. we are committed to reaching them for christ with purpose and planning. see how you can be involved in our plan to reach the world with the gospel of christ.
learn morepartner with us and reach the world.
donate now







close product quick view×


title
















 
 





about operation go international is a global gospel-sharing initiative. donate to the ministry below.

donate now 

explore donate
about
contact
shop
witness
disciple
lead
serve

 

contact  
call
1.803.401.5752
email
office@operationgointernational.com
mailing address
po box 1927
lexington, sc 29071
physical address
5500 dixie hwy
saginaw, mi 48601


 

newsletter never miss an update by subscribing to our periodic newsletter.


 

 
 
 





		© 2023 | operation go international | all rights reserved.	


facebooktwitteryoutubevimeo
 
 
 
 


 
 



page load link


 











go to top






