



modern windsor chairs | sitting firm at gaze burvill











































































 















call us
 01420 588810





 

call us
 01420 588810

menu
sign in
saved
cart 
search
 







 

seating
tables
about us
contact us
 


seating
tables
about us
contact us
 




the best of british chairmaking
with a modern twist
shop dining








british windsor chair makers
there is an earthy quality and authenticity about a windsor chair. back in the day, this style of chair was made in the woodland by lone craftsmen in a ritual process honed through centuries. now, at our hampshire workshop, the craftsman’s skilled hand and eye follow much of the same choreography, the mission unchanged: to create comfortable, strong and long-lasting chairs with a timeless appeal.
we are one of a small number of furniture makers in britain where the traditional wood-working skills of an experienced and dedicated team are nurtured and passed on, respecting the older craft tradition, yet embracing innovation.
sitting firm at gaze burvill marks a key chapter in our country’s furniture-making story. an honest chair, beautifully made.






 
sustainably sourced wood 

our workshop sources wood exclusively from british woodlands, ensuring that every piece we make is made from responsibly sourced materials. we strive to minimise our environmental impact by sourcing timber as locally as possible.





 
traditional british craftsmanship 

we’re committed to preserving the legacy of british craftsmanship with innovative and sustainable designs. our dedication to excellence is reflected in the quality of every piece we make.





 
30 years of expertise 

every piece we make is meticulously crafted by skilled craftspeople in our hampshire workshop, building upon 30 years of expertise in furniture making.






















order online
shop windsor chairs
the windsor chair is a british furniture classic with a variety of distinctive styles. at sitting firm, we specialise in making contemporary windsor chairs: elegant design icons in wood, which embody craftsmanship and timeless style to grace the modern home.
order online









  

windsor chairs

darwin armchair

£990

 




  

seating

melbury armchair

£1,200

 




  

windsor chairs

turner carver

£870

 




news & blog






utilising ash offcuts with sylva wood school
sitting firm and sylva wood school recently partnered on a project that not only highlights the importance of using home-grown timber but also showcases the value of utilising ash offcuts from chair production.
read more


 



newsletter
join our community
be the first to discover our new arrivals and get access to exclusive events and offers.


















 


sitting firm at gaze burvill,
lodge farm,
east tisted,
hampshire,
gu34 3qh,
united kingdom
 +​44 (0)1420 588810
 enquiries@sittingfirm.co.uk




quick linkswindsor chairs
tables
inspiration, news & projects
about us
visit us
trade
 


customer carereturns
terms & conditions
privacy policy
contact us
 


social
















© 2025 sitting firm. all rights reserved. site by redwire.




 
sign in
have an account already?
checkout faster with saved details



enter email address



password




remember me


sign in

forgotten your password?


new to gaze burvill?
    you can create an account later
continue as guest
 


your basket 

no products in the basket.










we are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.you can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.


accept

 




























close gdpr cookie settings






 


privacy overview




strictly necessary cookies




powered by  gdpr cookie compliance

 








privacy overview

this website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.





strictly necessary cookies

strictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.




enable or disable cookies










if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.












enable all
save settings

 











