





 richard j kinch, phd 


















    



     
     
 richard j kinch, phd 
 engineer 
     





 products and services 


 optical engineering
design and fabrication for scientific
and medical research.
 electrical and computer engineering.
 mechanical engineering and metrology for scientific instrumentation.



truetex,
a professional implementation of the tex typesetting system for windows.










truetex 4.1 version update details.

turbotex, the classic, best-selling
implementation of tex for unix, dos, and windows.


expert linux consulting.



bezier curve expertise for computer graphics,
including software and consulting on planar constructive geometry.
essays on topics of bezier curve intersection and motif classification.


the ttf_edit truetype font table editor
available for free during a limited time
to persons willing to serve as beta testers.
note: the ttf_edit tool provides you a
programming language to edit, import, and export
encodings, names, and metrics in truetype fonts.
it is a language-based (not graphical) tool, and is not concerned with
the glyph shapes themselves.
look over the ttf_edit users guide
first to see if this software something you can understand and use,
then send a message to kinch@truetex.com
simply stating (1) that you would like a copy,
and (2) a one-sentence summary of your application.
you will receive an e-mail reply containing a uuencoded zip file with
versions for windows and linux.


 free downloads (sales and support) 


 release notes for the current release of truetex
	([pdf file 320 kb]),
	including updating instructions and a bug list.


 free downloads (for tex experts) 



the truetex times option: using times fonts with truetex:
	[timesopt.pdf, 315 kb pdf file],
	describes how truetex uses windows times new roman and belleek math
	truetype fonts to typeset text and mathematics, with output to either
	pdf files or direct dvi previewing/printing.
	thus, tex documents may be converted to pdf files in a times style
	(using the standard latex mathtime.sty package), instead
	of less-portable dvi files using computer modern fonts.
	this document illustrates a wide variety of sample equations in tex,
	showing their pleasing appearance in the times math style, and 
	is itself a sample tex-to-pdf document created by truetex.


um fonts:
	[um.zip,
        349 kb zip file],
        9 truetype fonts in windows ansi encoding providing tex
        typefaces for non-tex applications.
	the file names are
	umb10.ttf, umbx10.ttf, umbxsl10.ttf, umbxti10.ttf, umitt10.ttf,
	umr10.ttf, umsltt10.ttf, umti10.ttf, and umtt10.ttf.
	updated september, 2005 to permit installable embedding.


belleek: a call for metafont revival
[pdf file],
	a paper presented at the 1998
	tex users group annual conference, torun, poland.
	accompanying software: the belleek fonts
	
	[zip archive],
	public-domain type 1 and truetype fonts which are drop-in
	replacements for the proprietary fonts
	used by the latex mathtime package.
	(a previous title for this paper was, developing new math fonts
	for the public domain.)


extending tex to unicode
[pdf file]
[zip'ped dvi file],
	a paper presented at the 1996
	tex users group
	annual conference, dubna, russia.


metafog: converting metafont shapes to outlines
[pdf file, 310 kb]
[zip'ped tex dvi files, 190 kb]
[zip'ped postscript file, 202 kb],
	a popular and award-winning paper presented at the 1995
	tex users group annual conference, st petersburg, florida, usa.
	accompanying software: cmr10.pfb

	[zip archive],
	an unhinted type 1
	font converted from knuth's metafont sources by metafog.


	an example of donald knuth's reward check
	in payment for an error discovered in tex and metafont.


font encoding files developer's kit
	[zip archive],
	a collection of files listing glyph names and code values
	for various common encodings employed by windows, unicode,
	tex, macintosh, etc.
	also includes documentation and software for set-theoretic
	manipulation via the program joincode.


	description of tex year 2000 (y2k) issues.



 office contact 


   richard j. kinch, ph.d. 
   7890 pebble beach court 
   lake worth, florida 33467 usa 
 telephone     (561) 966-8400 
 e-mail     kinch@truetex.com 
 world wide web     https://www.truetex.com 


privacy policy •
terms and conditions of sale





 personal information 



kinch  family photo, may 2014.
older photos from
2013,
2012,
2011,
2010,
2009,
2007,
2006,
2004,
2003,
2000,
1999,
1998,
1997,
1996.
more recent photos (after 2014) may be found on my facebook page.
my rubato project for computer-aided live musical performance.

a photo of my wife holly and me, november 2004.

a 2003 identification photo of me.
my
self-portrait photo in pince-nez eyeglasses,
december 1999 (38 kb jpeg color image).

  in 2002 i determined that the best prospects for my engineering work would involve making stuff;
  not just software or computer hardware.
  i set about establishing a cnc machine shop, cad mechanical engineering design facility,
  and optical engineering laboratory to supplement my existing electronics laboratory.
  chiefly this is applied to making digital camera adapters
  for microscopes, medical instruments, and other optical instrumentation, which has become
  a major activity for me.
  i have written various essays and projects on the machine shop itself.

  my mechanical engineering work started with the purchase of certain aerospace machine shop
  assets including a large inventory of surplus metals.
  an earlier effort, now inactive, was the flatbed scanner digital telecine project,
  which converted old home movie film to high-quality digital movies.
my swimming pool projects:
  do-it-yourself pool replastering and remodeling, and
  pool chemistry process control with linux,
  which made me briefly famous when the latter page was featured on
  slashdot
  and drew over 20,000 hits in one day.

  other challenging do-it-yourself projects:
  replacing deadly garage door torsion springs,
  servicing whirlpool ice machines,
  and building a laminate backsplash.

  my essay on theory and apparatus to inexpensively carbonate beverages
  in the home, which the new york times called,
  "one particularly useful web site".
a small case of being defrauded on ebay and how i resolved it.
a short original music composition, kinch's hornpipe, 1977 (28 kb pdf file).


an old business photo, 1992 (46 kb gif b/w image).
 an original painting by the english artist richard watson (1840-1921).




