



  













portaco | hydraulic power units and tools from the experts 















about usgoldschmidt groupmission statementmembershipscertificatescommitmentwarrantycomplianceportfoliorailroad toolspower unitsequipmentmedia centerbrochurescontactdirectionsservice centers






















































about usgoldschmidt groupmission statementmembershipscertificatescommitmentwarrantycomplianceportfoliorailroad toolspower unitsequipmentmedia centerbrochurescontactdirectionsservice centers














































































home









				portaco, inc. – a goldschmidt company
			together with you, goldschmidt masters the challenges of modern, railbound mobility – for safe, sustainable and long-lasting railways of premium quality. as with thermit®, goldschmidt is also a pioneer in maintenance, inspection and digitalization and continues to improve processes and extend the lifecycle of railway infrastructure. goldschmidt benefits from its global expertise and cross-disciplinary thinking to create tailor-made local solutions for you. the global presence of goldschmidt gives you access to its whole portfolio – with one goal: to lead your railway infrastructure into the future.you can find all information about the goldschmidt group at:www.goldschmidt.com





				portaco, inc. – hydraulic power units and tools from the experts
			portaco is a part of the goldschmidt group – the unique, global network of experts for the railways. together we lead your rail infrastructure into the future – with smart solutions, services and products.portaco is one of the leading producers of hydraulic power units for a number of industries as well as hydraulic tools and machines used in railway track construction and maintenance. over 35 years of experience and expertise in the area of hydraulics characterize our company. a history of over 25,000 power units and 20,000 railroad tools demonstrates this exceptional performance to serve our customers.we offer our worldwide customers a vast variety of standard proven high-quality products, made in america. our products can be specifically customized to your needs and are specifically characterized by their safe, ergonomic, reliable and efficient design. the ergonomic design helps to minimize the impact on the worker. the reliability assures that it will support any workforce whenever needed.











railroad tools










power units










equipment




















about usgoldschmidt groupmission statementmembershipscertificatescommitmentwarrantycomplianceportfoliorailroad toolspower unitsequipmentmedia centerbrochurescontactdirectionsservice centers








imprint / privacy / terms & conditions / sitemap








