




the island of conanicut has been always very popular tourist destination. people from all over the world come to conanicut fervently.conanicut island | conanicut island – let’s travel	













































conanicut island


conanicut island – let’s travel
 

skip to content
about
legends
tours

tour to jamestown
art galleries tour


price list
contact us
krakow tours from conanicut
transfer krakow airport
 






about

no matter whether you are looking for summer or winter destination, conanicut island has always much to offer.

this second largest island in narragansett bay is a quintessence of rhode island state.
charminc climate of the island attracts people from all over the world.
from the beginning the place has been one of the most popular summer destinations in united states of america. over the years many different resorts developed but conanicut island is still one of the most visited places in the state of rhode island. it is worth to know that originally it was home to many native americans. thus you can still visit it’s most important reminder about the  ancient times – the largest native cemetery located in new england on conanicut island.

conanicut is one of the most visited harbor towns on the east coast.
it is quite interesting that the island’s name is closely related to the narragansett tribe that used to inhabit the land many époques ago. the tribe’s highest sovereign was the chief canonicus and that was in honor of him the local people started to call their place conanicut. over the years the island began more and more popular. more and more people from europe started to visit the island. besides it was a great, seaside holiday destinations, it was also an amazing place for living. europeans started settle the island. most of immigrants were from the netherlands. soon conanicut island became the biggest aggregation of dutchmen. they came with their whole families. 
they started their businesses in conanicut island and it was a close call the official language on the island was dutch. however, after time, other nationalities realized how comfortable conanicut island is, and on the beginning of 20th century the island was the most europeanised place in the united states. the colonists and the native americans lived in peace side-by-side till kink phillip’s war which was caused by growing easily conflict between the new arrived and locals. 
fortunately, it didn’t last for long and soon everything was back to normal. however, conanicut island is still one of the most colonised places on the east south. unquestionably, the island has much to offer regarding it’s history and many new interesting places that you definitely should visit once you arrive to conanicut island.

additionally, we cooperate with a krakow tours company that organizes tours to krakow. it’s one of the most popular city in the country is often visited by usa tourists.








calendar
february 2025


m
t
w
t
f
s
s




 12


3456789


10111213141516


17181920212223


2425262728
 



« jul
 
 
 
fot.1


fot.2


fot.3


fot.4


fot.5


fot.6


fot.7


fot.8


fot.9


fot.10

 

 






					conanicut island				



					proudly powered by wordpress.				






