
gun racks and gun stands from fort sandflat







 

welcome to


903/477-0472
www.gunstands.com



 "storing
and displaying america's guns, rods, knives, swords and collectibles  since 1984"
how  to  order
first - - -  know name of item(s) you wish to order or on which you need additional information.  
all item names are shown in bold green. 

next --- the quickest, safest and most accurate way to place an order is to call: 
1.903.477.0472
mail order to:  fort sandflat products, 728 w. college st., athens, tx 75751.  
be sure to include your phone number where we can read it.  
only one person will ever see your info
 or
e-mail to : fortsandflatproducts2@gmail.com  
(would suggest you not include your credit card info.)


how to pay
we honor visa, mastercard, discover, personal checks, business checks or money orders.
make checks & money orders payable to: fort sandflat products
 

below
are product buttons that can lead you to hundreds of products designed
to display  & store handguns, long-guns, commercial retail
stands & store display cases, knives, swords, bayonets, rods,
western hats, caps, spurs, bootjacks, gun cabinets, display &
cleaning tables, collectibles, small wall display cabinets, etc. 
read  buttons and click on a button to find out more information
on the products in which you are interested.  these buttons will
also appear at bottom of every page on web site.

click on a
button to find more information on
the product you're interested in:









we
have no printed materials to send out. no catalogs / no brochures. all
information is on this web site. should you have any questions, e-mail
us at: fortsandflatproducts2@gmail.com or call us at: 903.477.0472 thanks.




 example product photos 






























































dr. ed kemp exhibit, 2009 maryland
arms collector's antique show


















"america's
most copied gun display & storage products"







 


e-mail
replica
guns










about us
wood-n-stuf
was established in 1984 in athens, tx by gayle and pam finch, both 3rd
generation texans.  wood-n-stuf started as a retail unfinished
furniture store , but quickly evolved into a company that designs,
manufactures and distributes fort sandflat products  throughout
the 50 states and several foreign countries. over the years we have
become perhaps "america's most copied producer of gun storage and
/display products".
to the extent possible, all of our products are made from solid wood
grown in america including finishing and hardware materials. we
handcraft all of our products right here in texas on our little piece
of texas dirt - no imports. 
our original product is the dated and numbered fort sandflat gun vise
(over 2,700 made and shipped).  our second item , the folding
vertical long-gun stands, was designed at the insistence of a customer
in maryland. it was quickly followed by the design of our 6-gun
vertical revolver stand in collaboration with an older gentleman in the
dallas, tx area who specialized in working on revolvers. next came the
7-gun horizontal pistol stand  in cooperation with a texas highway
patrolman stationed in denton, texas.  then a few years later, at
a texas trophy hunters' hunters rendezvous in fort worth, texas, a
customer asked for a custom long-gun stand that became our ever popular
flat back vertical long-gun stands. we started out just displaying and
selling at texas gun shows.  as years went by we expanded to doing
gun shows all across the united states. and during that time more and
more individuals requested different custom pieces.  many of those
custom pieces became standard products we produced for gun owners all
across the u. s.

then in 2004, we were having great difficulty making all the gun shows
and at same time serving our mail order and phone order
customers.  so a decision was made to discontinue gun shows,
create a web site, do more national advertising and become a mail order
company.  with the support of literally thousands of customers
from across the united states fort sandflat products has become a
successful "mail order" small business. our line of products continue
to expand as the years pass. examples are the tilted western hat rack
for horse trailer living quarters and rv's, the texas travelers
bootjack and the old traditional gun cabinets.

custom orders continue to be an important part of our business. 
we custom design and build all kinds of display and storage pieces for
long-guns, pistols, gun barrels, scopes, knives, caps, western hats,
spurs, boot jacks, crossbows, musical instruments and collectibles for
individuals, large companies, small gun shops, pawn shops, private gun
rooms, government agencies, law enforcement, museums, shooting sport
clubs, hunting lodges, etc.
although our primary business continues to be retail sales to end
users, we do offer a wholesale program to valid retail store front
businesses.   those interested in wholesale purchases should
supply a copy of their retail sales permit and request a copy of our
wholesale program.  minimum first order is $1,200.00 after
discounts plus actual s & pkg. costs.

thanks for your continued support.
gayle l. finch, owner.





attention:

ever-changing
shipping and packaging costs prevent us from quoting exact shipping
amounts for our many products. we want to be fair with our customers
and avoid over-charging or under-charging anyone. 
therefore we will charge only the exact amount required to ship our products to you.







like us on 
facebook!



 



custom
orders welcome/how to order/dealers near you
e-mail



