     brighton ford | new & used ford dealership in brighton, mi                              





                                         brighton ford, inc.        sales 810-772-7131    service 810-772-7140  parts 810-772-7119      8240 w grand riverbrighton, mi 48114                            service        map        contact                       brighton ford, inc.             call 810-772-7131   directions                       new   new inventory   new vehicle lease specials   shop online   ford protect   ford ev center   exceptional value range   deliver to you     used   search inventory   pre owned vehicle specials   vehicles under 25k   under 20k miles   sell us your car   certified pre-owned overview     commercial   commercial inventory   commercial showroom   commercial credit application     custom    custom order     specials   new vehicle lease specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   military appreciation      finance   finance   value your trade   apply for financing   commercial credit application     service & parts   service & parts   schedule service   body shop   ford pickup & delivery   mobile service     about   about us   hours & directions   meet our staff   brighton ford connect   deliver to you                     home   new   new inventory   new vehicle lease specials   shop online   ford protect   ford ev center   exceptional value range   deliver to you     used   search inventory   pre owned vehicle specials   vehicles under 25k   under 20k miles   sell us your car   certified pre-owned overview     commercial   commercial inventory   commercial showroom   commercial credit application     custom    custom order     specials   new vehicle lease specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   military appreciation      finance   finance   value your trade   apply for financing   commercial credit application     service & parts   service & parts   schedule service   body shop   ford pickup & delivery   mobile service     about   about us   hours & directions   meet our staff   brighton ford connect   deliver to you           



    









     shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search        buy   lease             minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         






      disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                                         disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                                       





new
inventory
used inventory








lease specials
schedule service





      search new inventory     search used inventory            something for everyone  see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.      suvs & crossovers   trucks & vans   all electric   cars           escape      bronco sport      bronco      edge      explorer      mustang mach-e      expedition          maverick      ranger      transit connect      f-150      super duty      transit      f-150 lightning          mustang mach-e      f-150 lightning          mustang     explore all newmodels           


customer reviews



























































     



save time for the things you love.
routine maintenance in your driveway with mobile service.
call 1-800-new-ford to schedule.






             






welcome to brighton ford
our award-winning team is here for all of your automotive needs. whether you're looking for your next new ford or maintenance on your existing one, we're here for you. we have a state-of-the-art body shop, commercial vehicle center, pre-owned and new car sales department, plus a parts department open to the public. no matter what your need is, we're here to keep you driving safely.
















schedule mobile service




     
visit us

 8240 w grand river, brighton 48114






    sales hours         monday 7:00am - 8:00pm    tuesday 7:00am - 6:00pm     wednesday 7:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 7:00am - 8:00pm    friday 7:00am - 6:00pm    saturday 7:00am - 3:00pm    sunday closed         service hours         monday 7:00am - 6:00pm    tuesday 7:00am - 6:00pm     wednesday 7:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 7:00am - 6:00pm    friday 7:00am - 6:00pm    saturday 7:00am - 3:00pm    sunday closed         parts hours         monday 7:00am - 6:00pm    tuesday 7:00am - 6:00pm     wednesday 7:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 7:00am - 6:00pm    friday 7:00am - 6:00pm    saturday 7:00am - 12:00pm    sunday closed        

     



follow brighton ford



                 



     brighton ford is your local ford dealership
welcome to brighton ford, your trusted ford dealership in brighton, mi. our dealership is committed to providing an extensive selection of new ford models, high-quality pre-owned vehicles and exceptional customer service. when you choose us, you can trust that you are making the right choice for your next vehicle purchase, as our local dealer proudly serves the community we call
home. 
brighton ford is livingston county's largest dealership. we pride ourselves on being active in our communities and giving back whenever possible. our focus is to enrich our partnerships within the brighton community as well as extending into our neighboring communities! we employ close to 150 people who
live in these communities and we strive to help make them a better place. we are a family owned dealership that cares about you and our community. our team is made up of your friends and neighbors and we are excited to welcome you to the brighton ford family!
experience the difference at brighton ford, where our friendly and professional staff is ready to assist you with all your automotive needs. conveniently located in brighton, mi, we proudly serve livingston county and the surrounding areas. visit us today and let us help you find the perfect ford for you!
call us with any questions at 1-800-new-ford.


explore new ford models at our brighton dealer
discover the latest ford models at brighton ford, where you'll find a comprehensive lineup of new ford trucks suvs, hybrids and more. our selection is sure to satisfy a variety of lifestyles and budgets, while our new ford specials will have you celebrating. our knowledgeable sales team is eager to help you find the ideal new ford that meets your needs and
exceeds your expectations.

at brighton ford, we offer a vast selection of reliable and affordable used ford
vehicles to fit any budget, as well as used cars from other makes. each pre-owned car, truck or suv on our lot undergoes a thorough inspection to ensure they meet our high standards of quality and reliability. browse our used ford inventory and find the perfect vehicle for you.



finance, service & parts centers you can rely on

our dedicated ford finance team is here to help you secure the best financing options for your new or used vehicle. in addition, our
state-of-the-art ford
service center and genuine ford
parts center provide exceptional maintenance, repair and customization solutions to keep your ford running smoothly.

brighton ford's collision center, or body shop, is a state-of-the-art 30,000 square foot building that was designed for quick and reliable service. our body shop contains 25 stalls including two for aluminum body repairs, two paint booths, a dual-stage prep area and a twelve foot high prep area for commercial truck repairs. led lights and natural lighting throughout the facility make it ideal to match paints for the highest quality repairs. our estimators working in the shop are now equipped with touch screen estimating equipment for quick, reliable estimates.


    although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.

financing rates can not be guaranteed. see dealer for details
             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy | additional disclosures brighton ford, inc. | 8240 w grand river, brighton, mi 48114 | sales: 810-772-7131 |                



















                   