



gargoyles index : gargoyles : station eight



















					a station eight fan web site
				


















index
aboutgargwiki: episodesgargwiki: charactersgargwiki: timeline
faq
ask gregsearchintroductionask a questionlatest responsesbrowse the archivesunanswered questionsgreg's rambles

comment roompost a commentlast week's commentscomment room archive

media archive
other sitesgargwiki@greg_weisman@gargoylesnewsgargoyles on facebookgargoyles on disney moviesgargoyles fan website#gargoylesclubgargoyles on fanfiction.netgargoyles on tvtropes.comgathering of the gargoylesmonthly gargoyles art contestalt.fan.disney.gargoyles




gargoyles index

welcome to station eight's gargoyles web site

		this is a fan-made web site dedicated to disney's first dramatic animated television series 
		gargoyles. 
		the show debuted in october 1994 and ran for 78 episodes over three seasons and
		spawned a comic book 
		series in 2006 that produced 18 issues. rich storytelling and compelling characters 
		have attracted a diverse fanbase that keep the flame of gargoyles burning. 
	

		here you'll find many resources	that provide a deep well of information to (re)introduce
		you to the show. most notable are the comment
		room, where fans have been keeping in touch with one another for
		over a decade and ask greg,
		where the show's co-creator, 
		greg weisman, answers fan-submitted
		questions and shares his thoughts about gargoyles, other projects he's worked on
		and the entertainment business in general.
	

		have a look around, feel free to strike up a conversation or ask
		some questions of your own.
	


new to gargoyles?

		not a problem!
	

		the about gargoyles
		page will give you a brief overview of the show, the
		comics and the fandom. once you've got a few 
		episodes
		under your belt you'll probably want to visit the
		faq which was compiled
		from many of questions fans had and answers series
		co-creator greg weisman has provided. 
	

		from there you can keep up to date with the
		latest happenings via  the comment room. and if
		after all that you still have questions then we've got
		ask greg where greg weisman
		answers fan questions and adds his own information about
		even the tiniest minutiae of the gargoyles universe.
	


connect with other fans


 if you're looking for a place to start might
		we suggest two places. the local comment
		room where fans share thoughts and news about the show.


		there are also groups on facebook
		and livejournal and no doubt other
		social networks. search your favorite sites and you're bound to find a group of fans. they're
		everywhere.
	


contact

		to contact the operator of this web site (who is not greg weisman) you
		should send an e-mail to s8org.contact@gmail.com.
	






search the wiki







gargwiki.net has answers
			for all your gargoyles questions.
		


the dynamite comics


			the story of gargoyles continues in the comic book series gargoyles
                        and gargoyles: dark ages published by dynamite.
			available online or at your local comic book shop.
		


the neca figures


neca has produced a line of gargoyles figures which continues to grow. available through online and department
			store retailers.
		


watch online


			all seasons of gargoyles are available for streaming through disney+.
		


buy the dvds


			includes episode commentaries by co-creator greg weisman, interviews with the cast, and
			a documentary on the fan convention.
		

season one
season two, volume one
season two, volume two













					gargoyles and all related characters and elements are trademarks of and copyrighted
					by buena vista television and the walt disney company. this web site is in no way
					affiliated with buena vista television or the walt disney company. the views expressed
					within this web site do not reflect those of the walt disney company nor buena vista
					television. no copyright infringement is intended.
				






