

rare record shop chicago | 45 vinyl | albums | beverly records














 
 

 
search the beverly record 
              shop 45 record catalog 

browse our online catalog

browse our top selling albums 


every day is record store day
check out our record store day overstock here

 

browse our rarer 45 and lp inventory. find that hard to get lp or  45 by visiting us on muscistack.com below. 
or send us your list!


 rare 
                                    albums & 45s search requests
                                    email your hard to find and rare record
                                    requests to us and our professional 
                                    searchers will find them for you!
or, order 
                                              online . 





 beverly rare records history
            a family-owned rare record shop in chicago
            celebrating our 50th year... and still going strong

karaoke machine 
          rentals now available!
          machine and over 900 songs for $99.00. (limited 
          number of machines available)
check out all the songs that are included!
artist title

call today to reserve your 
            
            rental (773)779-0066.
  
 
45 catalog
        or download our singles catalog  
        by title or artist
karaoke 
            music
we have an excellent selection and can get special orders fast


thank you cbs for coming out to the shop! 


 buy 45 records online
check the beverly records on-line listings for the 45 rpm rare 
        vinyl, and not so rare vinyl you've been looking for.
framed #1 records
voted most unique gift! give that special person something they will 
        never forget 


 






record reissues
          new reissued records are original versions and original artists 

compact discs 
          beverly records stocks thousands of new cds. call us for stock. (773) 
          779-0066 

specialty items & collectibles
          rare records such as elvis on sun, original concert posters, special 
          framed beatle displays, and more!

            celebrity sightings
            the "who's who" in chicago 
            know where to find all of their 
            collectible vinyl. click the link and
            see who's been by to see us lately


   we're bloggin baby!
 join our official facebook page and our facebook group fan page.   follow us on twitter
 find us on google+



  beverly 
            records hometown hits


 
 

 
south 
              side irish - the irish choir, featuring terry mceldowney 
              (mar 1984) 
              cd single -$6.98 listen 
              call to order
              limited edition green vinyl 45 - $3.99 listen 
              call to order
              cassingle - $3.99 listen 
              call to order



 
 

 
let's 
              go go go white sox 2005 pressing - captain stubby and the 
              buccaneers (aug 1959) 
              cd single -$9.98 buy
new: let's go go go white 
              sox inducted into hall 
              of fame!



  
  


 


  


 


beverly 
          rare records
          11612 south western 
          chicago, il 60643, usa
          773.779.0066  




 
store hours 
mon - fri      10:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m.
          saturday 10:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. 
sunday: 12:00 p.m. - 4:00 p.m.
record store day events: 8 a.m. - 6 p.m.
        


 




 
          if you don't see it here, contact us!
          we'll find it.



  


 
 
 
 
 


also 
          featured at beverly records...
 
we buy, too! got old 
              albums or 45s you want to sell? collections? call us.
the beverly costume & novelty shop
we have a nearby store designed to meet your party 
            or gift needs.
chicago mendel hs t-shirt. check 
              out the smart architecture design. it's a shirt that says "chicago" 
              for sure!



  


congratulations 
          you made it to the bottom of the page... now for the fun stuff.

read and watch the @suntimes inspirational take on the day the music died in iowa.
check out this list of upcoming concerts and events in the chicagoland area
history buffs, looking for a good read? check out this unpublished manuscript 
            "a history of beverly hills, chicago" by mrs. walter f. heinneman (dated 1926!)
thank you mike for your 5 star review! 05/29/12
7"  arrived safely this morning - extremely well packaged but then i guess if  you've been doing this for 45 years (have just watched your video on google)  you're getting the hang of it !!!
   
            you can  certainly add me to your list of "ecstatic" customers - brilliant  record, fantastic service and all at a reasonable price - here's to the next  45.  back through the sixties i spent far  too many hours browsing my local record store in south london (long since gone)  and spending what little spare cash i had then.   now i'm retired i'm glad i don't live near your store - my pension would  disappear far too quick - but it did bring back some great memories and jim  stafford always did make me laugh.
   
   many, many thanks and best wishes
   
            mike 
thank you chicagoist.com for the mention! we can think of 33, 45 and 78 reasons to come to beverly! 
thank you evergreen park patch for your awesome record store day 2011 article!
looking for something fun to do this summer? see the meteors in concert at a local venue! check out the meteors website to find out where they are playing next.
have you ever wondered, "whatever happened to that lost art, the american 45 record sleeve?" well wonder no more. check out this new book by jeff marcus for everything you ever wanted to know about record sleeves. makes a great gift for that record collector who has everything.
bonafede reflects on place in chicago rock history

          read our good friend and record promoter, carl "the screamin wildman" bonafide's interview in the suntimes. thanks carl for stopping by and using the store as a backdrop for your story!

who still listens to records? cnn knows!
the science of vinyl what does a record look like under a microscope?
how is a record made?
not only do mp3s sound awful, they are also bad for you mp3's tend to give the listener a headache after a few hours because the human brain does not comprehend bits and bites as well as the sound wave from an lp.
learn 
            about collecting vinyl.  
            do you want tobout vinyl records and the superior sound 
          of records? check out this website.
who 
            were those green guys!. born on 
              turn back the clock day in 1990. the legend of da 
            greens brothers continues to grow. learn more and join them 
            at some of their scheduled events.
history 
            of the recording. now, 
            when the kids ask, "where did 45's come from?" you can answer 
            them. from the cylinder to the i-pod, check this link and find out 
            all there is to know about how music has been recorded over the past 
            century.
if you're like us, nothing interests you more than 
            the microscopy 
            of vinyl recordings, or the die 
            cut used to manufacture the first pressing of l.a. woman. check 
            out one of our favorite websites, the 
            record collectors guild. also waste some of the bosses time in 
            the record collectors forum, 
            (and hey!, if you get fired that just means more time to search for 
            an orignal black 
            album!)
we bet you've always wanted to print jukebox 
            labels from the convenience of your home, but didn't want 
            to have to pay for it. well our research team has worked tirelessly 
            searching the internet night and day to find just the website. update: and this website too, thanks dennis!
            have fun!

grading records. know 
            the condition of your own rare records and of what you want to buy 
            or sell.

free 
            music who says there's no such thing as a free 
            download? rhino recordings (great label by the way) is offering all 
            of us some free music.

cleaning rare vinyl records. how 
            to properly clean your vinyl.

write 
            a review let your fellow "vinyl-heads" 
            know what you think of beverly records.
wow! we never had a clue this was coming, our favorite 
            little white sox song has been featured in the sun-times 
            (twice!), 
            the daily 
            southtown, abc 
            7 chicago, news 
            talk 560, on steve 
            & johnie's show, pete 
            mcmurray's show, put in regular rotation on oldies 
            am 1690, in a white 
            sox article, and on espn's 
            cold pizza!

in loving memory
derek crouther
            october 4, 1960 - july 21, 2006
thank you derek, we will miss you!
            rip


 
 

























 





important: 
            all orders are sent at buyer's risk unless insurance is purchased 
            for an additional $2. we cannot be responsible for lost or damaged 
            shipments.








 
 

