










ecco | european culture collections' organisation















































european culture collections&#039; organisation









menu
home
about

who we are
ecco board
ecco statutes


collections

belgium
bulgaria
czech republic
denmark
estonia
finland
france
germany
greece
hungary
italy
latvia
norway
poland
portugal
romania
russia
slovakia
slovenia
spain
sweden
switzerland
the netherlands
turkey
uk


ecco mta and mda
meetings
news
nagoya protocol
 







twitter




























 


 


 


 






















european culture collections’ organisation (ecco)
the european culture collections’ organisation (ecco) was established in 1981. the aim of the organisation is to promote collaboration and exchange of ideas and information about all aspects of culture collection activity. ecco meetings are held annually and are a valuable forum for discussion and innovation on the future development of member collection activities.











news
















“biobanking” a free online course of institut pasteur


dear all,



i have the pleasure to inform you that registration for the free massive open online course (mooc) “biobanking” from institut pasteur paris is now open!



how has biobanking evolved in recent years? what are the different biobanks and for which purposes?



by the end of the course, you will be able to:



✔ understand how biobanks allow end-users to access fit-for-purpose biological resources.



✔ be aware of the ethical, regulatory and quality assurance aspects of processing, preservation and distribution of biological resources.



✔ learn about validation of biobank methods.



✔ get to know international networks of biobanks.



the mooc will run from march 4th, 2025 until march 3rd, 2026.



it is recorded in english, with french and english subtitles.



once registered, you can follow it at your own pace and still watch the videos after the end of the broadcasting.



registration is completely free, with an option to take a short exam and receive a certificate for a small fee.



this course is also part of the institut pasteur online diploma of infectious diseases (dnm2ip).



==> to find more details about the mooc and the registration link here.



please do not hesitate to widely share this information!



best wishes,



raquel hurtado-ortiz, on behalf of the biobanking mooc team


5. feb 2025
posted by david novotny









position paper – exchange of strains between culture collections


the position paper on exchange of strains between culture collections discusses the impact, advantages, and pitfalls related to the exchange of strains among ecco collections and proposes new terms for cooperation. it is now published here and in zenodo in this link: https://zenodo.org/records/14558612.


13. jan 2025
posted by david novotny









ecco xliii. utrecht. the netherlands


the organisers of this year’s ecco meeting are pleased to welcome you to utrecht, the netherlands, from 15th  to 17th september. the general topic of that meeting will be “securing and exploring microbial biodiversity for a sustainable and healthy future”. more info will follow soon. in the meantime we hope you will secure this period for our organization’s annual event!


8. jan 2025
posted by david novotny









dsi: looking ahead to cop16


dsi will be holding two webinars on the 10 and 11 of september on the key considerations for a multilateral mechanism for dsi in relation to cop16.



agenda




translating good intentions into an effective system to leverage dsi use




in support of the gbf




understanding how dsi is stored and shared: implications of an




interdependent ecosystem of databases for policy options




accounting for non-monetary benefits in the new dsi mechanism



future-proofing the multilateral system




registration 10 september: webinar registration – zoom



registration 11 september: webinar registration – zoom



poster


10. sep 2024
posted by javier marco




























© 2022 copyright by ecco - european culture collections' organisation. all rights reserved.





twitter
































