   trinity | serving baltimore together    
aboutbeliefshistorystaffvisitministrieskidsyouthyoung adultsbrotherhoodsisterhoodseniorscelebrate recoveryeventsservekingdom buildersheart for the houseserve teamwatch

aboutbeliefshistorystaffvisitministrieskidsyouthyoung adultsbrotherhoodsisterhoodseniorscelebrate recoveryeventsservekingdom buildersheart for the houseserve teamwatchgive

give


welcome to trinityour mission is to know god, empower community, live on purpose and make an eternal impact in baltimore and around the world. we’d love to meet you this sunday!
plan your visitthree sermons that will change your life
hollowed out or hallowed outevery soul has the instinct and capacity to pray, but we have to learn how. jesus meets us in our spiritual awkwardness and shows us how to approach and relate to god as father.you are not a loanwhen we withhold forgiveness, god withdraws it. a constant attitude of forgiveness comes from a constant attitude of repentance.let me treasure youmoney requires management. management shows your motives. motives determine multiplication. multiplication blesses many. paper without purpose is pointless. we don’t have a prosperity gospel or poverty gospel – we have a purpose gospel!
three sermons that will change your lifenew here?we’re so glad you’re considering a visit to trinity! whether you’re exploring faith or looking for a new church family, you are welcome here.2122 west joppa road, lutherville, md 21093service at 10:30 amsunday morningsour sunday morning service offers uplifting worship, a biblical message, and a welcoming community. expect a mix of contemporary and traditional worship music, along with practical, inspiring teaching that’s relevant to your everyday life.service at 7 pmwednesdaynightswednesday nights are designed to help you go deeper. you’ll experience a more relaxed atmosphere with focused teaching, group discussions, and prayer time. we have specific services for various ages and stages of life.
childcareon sunday and wednesday, we offer safe, fun, and engaging programs for kids from birth through 5th grade. your children will have the chance to learn about god in a way that’s designed for them, while you enjoy the service knowing they’re in great hands.
learn more
what to expectcurious about what a service is like? you can watch our sunday services online before visiting! get a feel for the worship, the message, and the community, so you’ll know exactly what to expect when you walk through our doors.
learn more
hello spotnew here? stop by the hello spot in our lobby after service! our team is ready to welcome you, answer any questions, and help you get connected. we also have some resources for you to take home to help you learn more about trinity.
learn morenext stepsready to get more involved? explore the opportunities below to find where you can connect, grow, and make a difference.
growth tracklooking to grow in your faith and discover your purpose? growth track is designed to help you explore your spiritual gifts and take your next steps in following jesus. whether you’re new to the faith or new to trinity, growth track is for you.
learn more
serve teamsour serve teams are the heart of trinity, helping to create a welcoming and impactful experience for everyone who walks through our doors. from worship to kids’ ministry, hospitality to tech, there’s a place for you to use your gifts.
learn more
trinity groupstrinity groups are where you can build relationships, grow in your faith, and find support in a close-knit community. whether you’re looking for bible studies, prayer groups, or activity-based gatherings, we have a group for you.
learn moreup next at trinitythere’s always something happening at trinity! check out our upcoming events and find opportunities to connect, grow, and serve. we’d love to see you there!26jantrinity homestrinity homes2025 is all about being healthy and fruitful. health comes from connection – with god and with each other. so much so, that to be healthier than we’ve ever been, we must be more connected than we’ve ever been. we are shifting our regular ministry schedule for an a...more info































  
see all upcoming events
join us this sunday!we can’t wait to welcome you this sunday. whether it’s your first time or you’ve been attending for years, there’s always something new to experience. click below for directions and we look forward to meeting you!
get directionsabout
leadership
beliefs
story
contact us
plan your visitconnect
growth track
serve team
trinity groups
prayer request
trinitycare
events
givemore
granite classical school
artist music academy
rentalstrinity410-821-6573info@trinitylife.com2122 west joppa roadlutherville, md 21093followfollowfollowtrinity ©2024   |   all rights reservedfollowfollowfollow                 



