











beaver gumball machines - leaders in the bulk vending machine industry


























































 







 










clearance items
machines

round beaver series

round beaver
southern beaver
square beaver
ball globe beaver
southern ball globe beaver


northern beaver
packages
stands

es100
es200
bs800


ng coin mechs

ng single coin
ng two coin
ng three coin
ng four coin


dental

packages
machines
capsules
other dental


consumer machines
corporate gifts


hand sanitizer

hand sanitizer dispenser


parts

nb machine parts
rb series parts

round/southern beaver parts
ball globe beaver parts


coin mech parts

single coin mech parts
two coin mech parts
three coin mech parts
four coin mech parts


stand parts

bs215a parts
bs215b parts
bs215c parts
bs250a parts
bs250b parts
bs250c parts
bs250d parts
bs300b31 parts
bs300b35a parts
bs300b35b parts
bs300c35 parts
bs400a parts
bs400b parts
bs800abc parts
bs800d parts


locks & keys
search all parts


customer support

faq
technical

assembly assistance
product maintenance


vendor tips and tricks
new to the industry


about us

contact us
meet the staff
corporate history
media

blog
press releases
corporate video




 

0 items






select page


  
 



 



 



























beaver gumball machines are more than just gumball machines. 





welcome to the beaver family.
our company is a family, and our customers are our priority.
we share our customers’ passion for quality products and service. that’s why as leaders in the bulk vending machine industry, beaver gumball machines are a globally recognized brand, we continue our legacy and family promise of…
world renowned customer satisfaction and quality machines, products and service. with 60 plus years of relentless dedication to innovation, engineering and product design, and quality customer service, this promise will remain for generations to come.









bulk vending machines
we represent the best in the bulk vending machine industry. our outstanding quality, durability and product innovation makes a beaver machine the most trusted brand in the industry. we also offer the widest selection of commercial grade machines and configurations. together, we provide a great experience for both you and your customer.




consumer gumball machines
owning your very own gumball machine is a great way to make a statement in a special space. a classic machine that is sure to bring back that ‘remember when’ moment.
put a smile on a special someone’s face with this unique gift that you can fill and refill with sweet, savory or healthy snacks. the world needs more smiles.




corporate gifts
today we partner with corporate brands to provide uniquely branded machines for memorable in-person customer experiences, offering a wide variety of toy and candy machines options.





view our product categories here



choose a machine that's right for you



check out our corporate products








beaver gumball machines – our promise and passion





 
lasting reliability
remain confident in quality manufacturing when investing in a beaver machine. the beaver brand is globally recognized and loved with our guaranteed customer satisfaction and quality machines, products and services.



 
 variety & easy ordering
we pride ourselves in offering highly responsive support and fast reordering services, saving you time and money. choose from a variety of gumball, candy, and capsule bulk vending machines.




















to me beaver means quality

i started out in the bulk vending business about a year-and-a-half ago. i found the cheapest way to start is to purchase a bunch of used machines. i found when buying used machines that problems arise quickly with these worn-out machines. i went through chinese-made machines and found out nobody makes parts for them.

after having problems in my stores i purchased some used round beaver that were about 30 years old and i've never had a problem. being in the bulk vending business i have found it's best to find machines that are quality and machines have parts available for sale to you.

besides the engineering and quality of the machines the most amazing part to me is that i can buy a screw, a coin mechanism part or a globe just by contacting beaver.

if you're in the bulk vending business it is very hard to afford these brand new. but if you buy some used ones you'll end up starting to buy new ones because you realize the quality is worth the cost! they also hold a great value when they're used. so when you decide to get out of the vending business you don't have to worry about selling your machines for $10 piece.

to me beaver means quality, meticulous engineering, great customer service, and the best looking machines and racks on the market. second to no one!

brett upthagrove



beaver machine corporation
 2020-03-21t13:03:46+00:00   brett upthagrove
 i started out in the bulk vending business about a year-and-a-half ago. i found the cheapest way to start is to purchase a bunch of used machines. i found when buying used machines that problems arise quickly with these worn-out machines. i went through chinese-made machines and found out nobody makes parts for them. after having problems in my stores i purchased some used round beaver that were about 30 years old and i've never had a problem. being in the bulk vending business i have found it's best to find machines that are quality and machines have parts available for sale to you. besides the engineering and quality of the machines the most amazing part to me is that i can buy a screw, a coin mechanism part or a globe just by contacting beaver. if you're in the bulk vending business it is very hard to afford these brand new. but if you buy some used ones you'll end up starting to buy new ones because you realize the quality is worth the cost! they also hold a great value when they're used. so when you decide to get out of the vending business you don't have to worry about selling your machines for $10 piece. to me beaver means quality, meticulous engineering, great customer service, and the best looking machines and racks on the market. second to no one!	   https://beavervending.com/testimonials/to-me-beaver-means-quality 




a wonderful addition to our dental office

beaver machine corporation toy machines have been a wonderful addition to our dental office. our young patients look forward to getting prizes every time they come. the prizes and machines are of excellent quality and well worth the minor investment. the customer service is excellent. we could not be happier with their service and product.

dr stacey stein, centenary dental



beaver machine corporation
 2020-03-21t12:56:45+00:00   dr stacey stein, centenary dental
 beaver machine corporation toy machines have been a wonderful addition to our dental office. our young patients look forward to getting prizes every time they come. the prizes and machines are of excellent quality and well worth the minor investment. the customer service is excellent. we could not be happier with their service and product.	   https://beavervending.com/testimonials/a-wonderful-addition-to-our-dental-office 


0
0
beaver machine corporation


  







sign up for our newsletter

have you seen our beaver tales video stories with bulk vending machine business owners? check these out and subscribe to our youtube channel
you can also sign to for our newsletter. subscribe now to receive updates and  special offers!



 










 first name (required)
 

 your email (required)
 

i confirm i wish to receive this newsletter










 





yasbetir1.xyz
winbet-bet.com
1kickbet1.com
1xbet-ir1.xyz
hattrickbet1.com
4shart.com
manotobet.net
hazaratir.com
takbetir2.xyz
1betcart.com
betforwardperir.xyz
alvinbet.help/
ritzobet.org
betforward.com.co
betforward.help
betfa.cam
2betboro.com
1xbete.org
1xbett.bet
romabet.cam
megapari.cam
mahbet.cam
وان ایکس بت
بت فوروارد
paper.io
io games
unblocked games
unblocked games 2025
unblocked games
yohoho unblocked




pages
contact us
corporate gifts
customs clearance requirements
faq
terms &  conditions
privacy policy
warranty
view cart



recent posts


q&a on the covid 19 crisis
april 7, 2020


bulk vending machine business – beaver tales – integrity vending
february 6, 2020


bulk vending machine business – beaver tales
october 31, 2019


 








 

















































