










home - baxley-appling county chamber of commerce





















































  















skip to content









home | business directory | member login | contact us


































































 
city of baxley city events city council city departments city services & information downtown development authority of baxley police & fire departmentappling county county departments pay property tax tag renewalchamber of commerce chamber benefits chamber awards membership directory hot deals leadership program baxley bucksdevelopment authority sites, buildings & incentivestourism smoketember fest bbq cookoff peaches to the beaches river excursions farmers marketfestivalphoto galleryjoin now!








 







 




























































welcome to baxley & appling county!






baxley is the intersection of two major thoroughfares, creating a centralized hub for southeast georgia activities from industry to shopping, entertainment and more. in baxley and appling county we are fortunate to have a cohesive community where leaders from across entities work together for the betterment of our city and county. our hospital is consistently providing quality care, close to home. if it is entertainment you are looking for, spend the day at the river or lakes, fishing and boating or take a stroll through the moody forest nature conservancy. regardless of what you are looking for, baxley and appling county are sure provide you with an exciting backdrop for your stay in southeast georgia.























recent news 


 
















upcoming events 


 


















					directory				








					jobs				








					login				








					join				








					contact				








					live				








					shop				








					sleep				








					eat				








					pay taxes				











































































flip through the 2021 appling county  magazine to see highlights of what is going on in the community. if you would like your own copy of the magazine, stop by the chamber of commerce at 305 west parker street in baxley.





















































 












© 2025 baxley-appling county chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












city of baxley













(912) 367-8300 














282 east parker street, baxley, ga 31513 





















appling county






 board of commissioners










912-367-8100 













69 tippins street, suite 201, baxley, ga 31513 










baxley-appling co. chamber of commerce 






development authority of appling county






appling county board of tourism













(912) 367-7731 














305 west parker street, baxley, ga 31513 


































 © 

 baxley-appling county chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top















