






donorschoose: support a classroom. build a future.











































	you're on track to get doubled donations (and unlock a reward for the colleague who referred you). keep up the great work!







			take credit for your charitable giving! check out your tax receipts


donate



to use your $50 gift card credits, find a project to fund and we'll automatically apply your credits at checkout.
find a classroom project




your promo code has been successfully applied and will be reflected in checkout.





					check your email to verify your account and get started on your first project. didn't receive the email?








donorschoose




menu


skip to main content



donorschoose
find a classroom to support
teachers: get funded
partner with us
about us

other ways to give




partner with us
is your company or foundation looking to make an impact? donorschoose offers the most direct way to make a difference for public school students and teachers.





cryptocurrency
would you like to use your cryptocurrency to make a donation? if you're interested in donating digital currency, we currently accept bitcoin, bitcoin cash, ethereum, or litecoin.





account credits
do you want to donate once but support teachers year-round? account credits are funds that you can contribute now and draw from later to fund classroom projects.





stocks
if you choose to donate stocks, we'll guide you on what steps to take. after processing, you'll receive a gift code that you can use to support projects that move you.





legacy gift
thank you for considering us as part of your plans to leave an impact that supports education. you can name donorschoose as a beneficiary, and we'll help tailor exactly where you'd like your support to land.





give monthly
choose to donate monthly at a self-specified dollar amount. we'll charge you today and give you account credits that you can use to support projects that inspire you over the next 12 months.





donor-advised funds
the best way to give to donorschoose through your daf is with account credits. purchase the credits, then pick projects to support over the next 12 months.





ira
do you want to choose projects with qualified charitable distributions from your ira? we'll help you generate the information your ira custodian needs.




helpweb accessibility







sign in
















help teachers & students in your hometown this season! use code home at checkout and your donation will be matched up to $100.









				your school email address was successfully verified.
			

				got it
			







your web browser might not work well with our site. we recommend you upgrade your browser.
		

firefox
safari
google chrome
microsoft edge

































		{"leadgenenabled":true,"linktoprojectcreation":true,"showrecentdonationsonexistingdonorhomepage":true,"minimizedleadgenenabled":true}
	










help center

find a project
gift cards / store
partner with us
support us
volunteer with us
design playground
ways to give


about us
our equity focus
join our team
communities
blog
media info
contact us




supporting teachers and students since 2000
donorschoose makes it easy for anyone to help a classroom in need. public school teachers from every corner of america create classroom project requests, and you can give any amount to the project that inspires you.





about us

mission
impact
equity focus
finances
staff & board
careers
web accessibility



ways to give

find a project
account credits
gift cards
donor-advised funds
partner with us
give monthly
volunteer with us
leave a legacy gift
unrestricted gift



connect

help center
communities
media / blog
open data
design playground
contact us





























we've earned the highest possible ratings from better business bureau, charity watch, charity navigator, and guidestar.


information for teachers, principals, district leaders, and government officials





open to every public school in america thanks to our partners








































partner with donorschoose




© 2000-
 donorschoose, a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit corporation.


privacy policy  |  terms of use
 |  schools










