






your best color services! | barbara jacobs color and design






































































 




 






(508) 472 . 8105
barbara@integralcolor.com



facebook




x




instagram




rss


 





facebook




x




instagram




rss



privacy policy
 












expert help is here!

get expert architectural color consulting from barbara jacobs
faqs
iacc-na accreditation
ask the artist


services

dcp process and services
great color in 5 steps
before you paint-see your house with new colors
condo/hoa groups-a specialty
hoa new colors  – a case study
real estate and hoa


testimonials
portfolio
decor for you

new! fine home furnishings + custom artful mosaic installations
curated bathroom furnishings
curated kitchen decor
curated from kravet + others: you will love fine upholstery fabrics, trims & wallcoverings
more inspirations for your home


blog

glorious gray…better think before painting!
what’s in the privilege of color consulting?
so you want to paint your home? first step – test your colors!
take your time -test your exterior color for curb appeal.


what’s new?

new: trade program for designers & art consultants
articles + more
new: give the gift of a colorful life
color and design resources


contact
 





select page


  
 



 



 











architectural color design services - exterior + interior

residential + commercial

barbara jacobs color and design



love your home - any size - any materials - wherever you live







you’ve arrived at the solution to your color dilemmas and questions about using color in architecture and interiors.commercial or residential; single buildings or communities, including hoa properties and developments. professional color design since 1990.





enjoy the 2-minute video below.











expert color design help is here!
providing professional color design services to homeowners, business owners, real estate professionals, and the design/build community.
our focus is to create the best possible colors for exterior and interior spaces:

includes a written paint plan
provides color recommendations for any materials
assists with related design decisions as needed.
offers our unique, optional color visulation service:dcp/designer color palettes™
applies to any size project: from one room to an entire hoa community or development.
residential / commercial / education


for real estate professionals + homeowners
“design,” or “staging?” re professionals and homeowners alike can benefit from including our professional design services in their property developments.



faq's
answered here!




a few clients comment
see many more client comments here.






residential - interior and exterior“the only comment anyone has made about the color choices that barbara led me to is:
‘how beautiful.’  seems easy to do, but i was never able to do so on my own—for more than 55 years.  the results and benefits are genuine and long lived.”
—g.a.
belmont, mass.
residential color design: interior and exterior








residential - exterior“barbara selected the perfect body, trim and door colors. i love the way my home looks! 
i couldn’t be happier, and i wouldn’t hesitate to call barbara again for my exterior or interior color needs. thank you, barbara!”
— mary m.exterior, private residencesebastopol, ca








interior color, long-distance “hi barbara,
i wanted you to know how much i appreciate you working with us “long distance,” even from california, in selecting the right paint colors for our home here in boston.
i was just ‘stuck’ in trying to determine new ideas for colors. you were so helpful with helping me find the new color ideas, paint samples and even painter recommendations.
you are a true professional.”
— l. shaw
private residence, interior colors








interior color - site visit“barbara did a very nice job – thoughtful, clear, and sound advice on the wall colors for our downstairs. she was prompt, responsive and happy to provide detailed follow through.
she demonstrated a wealth of knowledge about color and paint, and was a nice person to interact with. barbara provided advice that matched our tastes, but also injected helpful ideas we hadn’t considered (unlike other designers i’ve worked who were either too wishy-washy or too pushy).
she provides a premium service premium pricing; the cost might limit how frequently i can use her services, but she certainly provided excellent color advice.
my wife and i are very happy with the results.”
—daniel t.private residence, interior colorssanta rosa, ca








original artwork and interior colors“barbara’s art combines color and pattern in eye-catching and evocative ways. i love my barbara jacobs painting so much that i have invited her to post some of her art in our offices where clients can see it.
i have also worked with barbara on color selections in my home and have found her advice spot-on for both color choice and for finding great interior design resources.”
—k.p.penngrove, ca








interior colors, multiple homes“hi, barbara –thanks for inviting me to make a ‘client comment’ for you. what i’ve been telling people about you is that you’re so different from my previous image of color consultants—which was that they’re opinionated, condescending, and elitist—interested in boosting their egos much more than in being helpful.
on the other hand, however, i found you to be funny, complimentary, friendly, and all around delightful, with an excellent eye for color and the ability to translate your skills to those not blessed with such perception.”
— j.c.boston, mass.private residence, interior colorsnote: this was after the first of two residences for the family








commercial design project: long-distance color for new building exterior“barbara,it was great working with you.  working on a large project like lubrication specialties can be intimidating.
you helped us to focus and narrow down the options for the exterior of our building.  we will love the end result.  thanks for all your help.”
—chris gabrelcik, presidentlubrication specialties, inc.mt. gilead, ohexterior color – new construction (long-distance consult)








color in real estate - a commentary“color is the creative staging necessary for any property, whether residential or commercial.
barbara jacobs has enough depth in her experience to comfort and guide even the color blind…  her summation is presented in remarkable detail, which leads to the roadmap for the painter.
it is a rather seamless process, created from years of professionalism.
thank you, barbara, for all that wisdom.”
—susan schlossbergreal estate professional, cambridge, ma











condo / hoa groups
relax! your most complex color and design decisions will be resolved. i enjoy working with hoa groups and have developed effective ways of doing that. let’s chat about your needs.

hoa-new colors: a case study
creating custom color schemes for your community involves communication and creativity.
check out this gallery of images that tell the story of one particular 126-unit project, from start to finish: ” before,” “inspiration,” and “after.”






some exterior and interior projects
enjoy the larger portfolio section also!






exterior

enjoy viewing this gallery of some exterior color design projects, from different geographical areas.
some are showing homes under construction, or simply “before” pictures, along with the same house with final colors applied.
you’ll see “cottages to castles.”

check the dcp section to see others that were done, using our optional designer color palettes™ service, that are not included here!


















						san raphael, ca_front entry area new colors
					












						arts and crafts home, belmont, ma
beautiful exterior color! distinguished, historically appropriate, sophisticated.
					












						boston, ma  - asked for pink
					

















interior
interiors are personal!
in fact, the right interior will become a personal “built environment,” which is why i love to use the expression “environmental color.”
whether for your home or your workplace, my goal is helping you arrive at the best personal environments—spaces that support your health, well-being, productivity, inspiration, comfort, and general enjoyment.


















						condo, boston, ma. new colors.
					












						different views of the same room - note back wall color...this back wall color behind dining table is similar, but deeper than the rest of the room.
					












						new colors - kitchen, view 2 - view into family room, san raphael, ca
					












						arts and crafts home, sunroom. warm deep gray on window casings.interior.
					

















featuring: designer color palettes (dcp)
designer color palettes™ is our own unique method, where you can see what your home or any building will look like with new colors of paint or other materials. we also call it “dcp,” and you can also.  it’s optional and can be added at any time.

don’t even buy paint to test, yet.
first, review the color schemes we will create for you in visual modes, sending you a pdf or jpg image.

we’ll take it from there, together, to decide which of the examples i show you will best suit your purposes and design style.
creative, fun, exciting, gratifying…and more. be sure to scroll through the galleries on the dcp pages to see a few examples.

it’s a great way to see the inspired potential of your property.
be sure to check out all our photo galleries throughout this site.







get your own new colors started now!






articles + more
enjoy these articles i’ve written, and been interviewed for, about art, color design, and working with interior designers. you’ll see them on my own fine art website, and also in other printed and online publications.
read articles and find out about presentations here.

what's new, now?    from gifts to design resources, fine art + posters.
from gifts to design resources
give the gift of a colorful life
gift certificates for color designmy own original book, windows to imagination: a new kind of coloring book for all ages
more color and design resources you can enjoy and usefine art + posters

your curated home: fine furnishings + textiles, accessories, tiles
four unique collections of beautiful home furnishings + textiles from noted vendors.

bathroom
kitchen inspirations
accessories, other furnishings, and more…
fine textiles and wallcoverings, from kravet and others…

you can view them, select your favorites, and order directly, yourself.get the details here.






check out past issues of our e-news






local or long-distance! details about our designer color palettes™ (dcp) service are here!









collaborating with this “long-distance” homeowner, i developed numerous iterations showing variations of color schemes within a particular color style.above: one version of many. 
read their letter to me, at the page noted.
see all the color schemes here. 

















						looking at a low-contrast color palette.
one of 3 color schemes i created for this smaller home.
					












						looking at the most dramatic of these three color palettes. an example of the kinds of changes that can be shown even on a small building.
one of 3 color schemes i created for this smaller home.
					












						one of the 3 color schemes i created for this smaller home.
the same cottage with another color palette. toned down but still unique and retaining the cottage charm.
					












above: 3 color versions for a charming cottage.







barbara selected the colors for my whole house, exterior and interior.
neighbors would stop by to ask about the exterior as they admired it so much and wanted to copy it.
the interior was soothing and perfect for the 1912 craftsman home.
barbara’s work contributed to the rapid sale of my home.
outstanding cost effectiveness.
—glenn a.belmont, ma






barbara’s art combines color and pattern in eye-catching and evocative ways. along with loving her artwork, i have worked with barbara on color selections in my home.
her advice is spot-on for both color choice and for finding great interior design resources.
she was so effective in helping me pick colors and design ideas for my house. with an amazing flair for both, barbara is also kind, understanding and easy to work with.
she has lots of resources at her fingertips and is very “plugged in” to the design network around the country.
if you want get beyond beige, and create a very personal space you will enjoy for years, barbara jacobs is the person for you.
interior colors + original artwork private residence     —k.p., penngrove, ca






i have worked with barbara over the years on many color and design projects. 
she is a highly talented professional color expert for residential and commercial spaces, including exterior paint projects, which is one of her specialities.
barbara is available to work with you whether you are local or long distance. 
working with barbara is a joyful experience in every aspect of the creative process.
i would highly recommend for your next project!
debby gomulka
wilmington, nc
debby gomulka designs



















let’s make something beautiful together









   first name


   last name


   email address


   message




submit






followfollowfollowfollow



subscribe to our newsletterjoin our subscribers who enjoy occasional updates on topics of art, design, color, and more!
get the details here, and subscribe now 





by appointment

 call.  text.  email.



phone

508 . 472 . 8105



email

barbara@integralcolor.com








expert help is here!

get expert architectural color consulting from barbara jacobs
faqs
iacc-na accreditation
ask the artist


services

dcp process and services
great color in 5 steps
before you paint-see your house with new colors
condo/hoa groups-a specialty
hoa new colors  – a case study
real estate and hoa


testimonials
portfolio
decor for you

new! fine home furnishings + custom artful mosaic installations
curated bathroom furnishings
curated kitchen decor
curated from kravet + others: you will love fine upholstery fabrics, trims & wallcoverings
more inspirations for your home


blog

glorious gray…better think before painting!
what’s in the privilege of color consulting?
so you want to paint your home? first step – test your colors!
take your time -test your exterior color for curb appeal.


what’s new?

new: trade program for designers & art consultants
articles + more
new: give the gift of a colorful life
color and design resources


contact





















 

share this: www.bjacobscolordesign.comclick to share on facebook (opens in new window)click to email a link to a friend (opens in new window)click to share on twitter (opens in new window)moreclick to share on linkedin (opens in new window)click to share on pinterest (opens in new window) 






privacy policy
 






facebook




x




instagram




rss


all text and images in this site: all rights reserved. ©2024 barbara jacobs  





 

╳


 





































