



	manhattanlife | life insurance, annuity, and supplemental health insurance







































































file a claimcontactlogin

search button







 




button










file a claimcontact




 



















home|
individuals & families|
seniors|
employers|
producers|
become an agent or producer|
contact form|


easy upload app|
solutions for individuals & families|
solutions for annuities|
solutions for  medicare supplement|
voluntary benefits solutions|






agent & producer overview
solutions for individuals & families
annuity solutions for seniors
medicare supplement solutions
voluntary benefits solutions





 




 




 




 





helpful links



become a producer


agent/producer login


easy upload app









why us|
about us|
blog|
careers|
history|
historic stories|
newsroom|
our brand|
products at-a-glance|






about overview
careers
products at-a-glance
our history




historic stories
our brand




helpful links



have an agent call me


find a number




















login
















standing by you in the pursuit of health, wealth, and security for life.







standing by you in the pursuit of health, wealth, and security for life.










 
the coverage you deserve for every phase of life.
manhattanlife is one of the oldest and most reliable life and health insurance companies in the country. we have assembled a full range of insurance and annuity products to support every phase of life, from mortgage insurance for your home and accident insurance for you and your family to medicare supplement options and annuities for your retirement years.





















































































individuals & families




manhattanlife has been supporting individuals and families since 1850. helping them attain and sustain the greatest levels of health, wealth, and security with a broad range of quality insurance and annuities.
learn more



















seniors




everyone’s retirement needs are different. manhattanlife is standing by seniors with the range of insurance and annuities needed to provide peace of mind so you can live the life you want.
learn more


















employers




employee-paid voluntary benefits from manhattanlife provide more comprehensive benefits with no impact on the company’s bottom line. premiums can be payroll deducted and administration is simple.
learn more



















 


have you seen the manhattanlife ads and our brand’s unique interpretation of the lady liberty in the wall street journal? on january 5th we launched a yearlong brand awareness campaign in wsj’s popular business & finance section b. you can find us there on tuesdays. and every ad features a url where wsj readers can go to get a deeper dive on manhattanlife’s high-quality insurance and annuity offerings. we’re excited about this opportunity to promote our mission of helping policyholders achieve health, wealth and security for life.
 
 
 


















     affirming life’s aspirations the “life” in manhattanlife is not just about life insurance — it’s also about helping our policyholders attain and sustain the life affirmations of health, wealth and security. for americans across the country and from all walks of life — from farmers and corporate workers to federal employees and union members — we bring financial strength, a reputation of reliability since 1850 and peace of mind that the faithful service of our companies can always be counted on. learn more                  


























































































why manhattanlife? we put you first.
manhattanlife has been a private company since our founding in 1850. our independence has enabled us to remain free to make decisions that align with our values and core mission – helping policyholders attain and sustain health, wealth, and security throughout your life. we demonstrate this commitment by offering a wide range of products while striving to honor claims and pay benefits with professionalism and care.
learn more
 
 
 
 

 













        why manhattanlife? we put you first. manhattanlife has been a private company since our founding in 1850. our independence has enabled us to remain free to make decisions that align with our values and core mission – helping policyholders attain and sustain health, wealth and security throughout your life. we demonstrate this commitment by offering a wide range of products while striving to honor claims and pay benefits with professionalism and care. learn more      










     our history manhattanlife is one of the oldest insurance companies in u.s. the company’s longevity in the marketplace is remarkable considering the robust merger and acquisition activity the insurance industry has experienced in modern times. operating successfully for  years as an independent is testimony to manhattanlife’s enduring history, and it is an indicator of the reliability of our future. learn more                     















manhattanlife enjoys a rich past with colorful stories that demonstrate our independent spirit, track record of innovation and unwavering commitment to fairness. we want to bring these stories to life — to share with you and for you to share.


learn more

































 


 
 










about us

 about us
 become a producer
 careers
 manhattanlife stories
 newsroom
 our brand










products for

 individuals & families
 seniors
 employers










need help

 become a producer
 company store
 contact us
 have an agent contact me
 privacy policy

















































©
2025 manhattanlife
hipaa
privacy policy










login










 
manhattanlife is the brand name for plans, products, and services provided by one or more of the subsidiaries and affiliate companies of manhattan life group inc. (“manhattanlife entities”). plans, products, and services are solely and only provided by one or more manhattanlife entities specified on the plan, product, or service contract, not manhattan life group inc. not all plans, products, and services are available in each state.

coverages may be underwritten by the manhattanlife entities which consist of the manhattan life insurance company, family life insurance company, manhattanlife assurance company of america, manhattanlife of america insurance company, western united life assurance company, standard life & casualty insurance company, and western skies mgu. the purpose of this communication is the solicitation of insurance. contact may be made by the companies listed or one of our agents. the information contained on this web site does not constitute investment advice, and is not an offer to sell or a solicitation to buy any security or any insurance product. all insurance and/or securities transactions require signed agreements between the companies of manhattan life group and its customers, and the terms of those agreements are binding on the parties. no other representation, whether made in person, online, electronically, in written, graphical, or verbal communication, may alter the terms of those agreements except that your use of this web site constitutes your agreement to the additional terms of use applicable to such use. some products may not be available in all jurisdictions. in addition, any prospectus information available on this site is posted for informational purposes only.
 

























                    this website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
                        learn more 


ok
settings







cookie settings
x



cookie policy
strictly neccessary
peformance
functional
targeting



cookie policy


http cookie, also a cookie or cookie, is a simple text file that is stored in a web browser while a user views a website. when a user browses the same site in the future, the site may extract or retrieve information stored in the cookie in order to be informed of the previous user activity. cookies can contain information about the pages that user visits, login details, and which buttons the user has clicked on. this data can remain in the cookie for months, even years. the main purpose of cookies is to improve usability of a website.
learn more 




strictly neccessary cookie






these cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. they are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. you can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. these cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
cookies used


.aspxanonymous
?
this cookie is used by sites using the .net technology platform from microsoft. it enables the site to maintain an anonymous user-id to track unique users within a session without them logging in or otherwise identifying themselves.


__cfduid
?
sorry, can't help with this one. perhaps set by a third party module?


__requestverificationtoken
?
anti-forgery cookie set by web applications built using asp.net mvc technologies. it is designed to stop unauthorised posting of content to a website, known as cross-site request forgery. it holds no information about the user and is destroyed on closing the browser.


authentication
?
a dnn forms authentication cookie (created when a user logs in).


dnn_ismobile
?
a dnn cookie used by the cms to determine if the visitor is browsing from a mobile device.


language
?
a dnn cookie is created called "language" to store the current language - in a monolingual install this is simply the browser default language, but if the site supports multiple languages then this may be different based on the language selected by clicking in the languages skin object.


lastpageid
?
a dnn cookie used by the cms to store the last visited page.






peformance cookie






these cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. they help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. all information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. if you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
cookies used






functional cookie






these cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. they may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. if you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
cookies used






targeting cookie






these cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. they may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. they do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. if you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
cookies used






cancel
ok





