
































woodcreek drieds, inc. - home




























facebook
google+
pinterest




 
 





homeour products
dried flowers (click here!  others listed below)- berries, cones, fruit & pods- branches- eucalyptus- fillers- foliage, leaves & evergreens- grasses & grains- mossfaux accents & paper flowers- paper hydrangeas & rosesfeatherswreaths, swags, baskets & containersabout woodcreek driedsgalleryordering information & faqcontact us



 



homeour products
dried flowers (click here!  others listed below)- berries, cones, fruit & pods- branches- eucalyptus- fillers- foliage, leaves & evergreens- grasses & grains- mossfaux accents & paper flowers- paper hydrangeas & rosesfeatherswreaths, swags, baskets & containersabout woodcreek driedsgalleryordering information & faqcontact us








prev
next










































about woodcreek drieds



woodcreek drieds, inc. has been providing quality dried flowers at reasonable prices since 1999.  with the business relationship we have working with growers in the local area and across the country, we are able to serve the small & large businesses.  we hope to add you to our growing list of satisfied customers.








ordering information



woodcreek drieds, inc. is a true wholesale company.  valid proof of business (vendor's number or similar evidence) is required.  the prices listed on the website are wholesale prices.  retail orders are accepted.  please contact us for more information about retail ordering & retail prices.








join our mailing list



woodcreek drieds is going green and we are no longer printing our catalogs. however, you can still stay up to date with our newest products and latest sales! wholesale customers can join our mailing list to receive our postcards via snail mail.  you can also stay connected with us & see the newest products via facebook.  we value you as a customer and for that reason we will not share or sell any of your information. please contact us to join our wholesale mailing list.


















                                        wholesale prices listed                                        
no login required for wholesale prices.
just click or hover over the product image.  please contact us for retail prices. 
  
 







 








contact details



woodcreek drieds, inc. 10824 pemberville road wayne, ohio 43466, usa
  800-664-1630
       419-288-0802
 woodcreekdrieds@gmail.com
 sales@woodcreekdrieds.com




 




disclaimer 



all contents, including pictures, copyright since 2000 woodcreek drieds, inc., except where indicated otherwise.  all rights reserved worldwide.  duplication or reprint only with express permission from woodcreek drieds, inc.  all trademarks are property of their respective owners.  
*we appreciate those who respect the time, money and hard work that it takes to create a decent website and do not copy our pictures to represent them as their own."
 
bbbonline particiation and bbb accreditation
                                                      
                                                                                   




 







homeour products
about woodcreek driedsordering information & faqcontact us



© 2013 -  



 woodcreek drieds, inc. - all rights reserved.






