



  














color palette files & amateur radio mapping software & ham radio contester maps



















choose currency: us dollarssterling poundseurosaustralian dollars 







menu


cpt designer

introduction
features
screen-shots
color palette links
world map gallery
cpt designer help


tab-list tools

introduction
tab-list tools features
tab-list tools screenshots
tab-list tools help guide


amateur radio

global overlay mapper
great circle mapper
north american overlay mapper
county hunting mapper
vk callbook mapper
amateur radio maps
amateur radio contesting
iota
world flags
rhombics


passage to india

badmin

map data

vmap 0

introduction
downloads
software
available data
filenames
content finder
hints and tips
accuracy
copyright


vmap 1

introduction
downloads




contact






mapability.com - mapping : software : tools : data
an eclectic mix of unique and interesting items...
cpt designer
the 'cpt designer' is a gui program for creating, designing, editing, configuring, and visualizing .cpt color palette files, also known as color maps, which are used in a variety of programs, including 'gmt - the generic mapping tools', 'qgis', 'matlab', 'grass' and other topography and scientific data-plotting packages. it will also create some lovely world relief-shaded maps.
tab-list tools
'tab-list tools' is a gui program for creating, designing, editing, and visualizing tab-indented lists: lists that use tab-characters to create a hierarchical tree-structure, as used in a variety of resources including photography keyword lists for lightroom, bridge, breeze browser pro, photo mechanic, and other photo-processing, digital asset management (dam), or meta-data cataloging programs.
amateur radio maps
the amateur radio mapping pages contain a range of ham radio mapping software, a large selection of attractive amateur radio maps, world flags for your website, and other data useful to contesters, iota activators, and rhombic builders.

a passage to india
notes, maps, and photographs about the locations used in david lean's film 'a passage to india', with assorted historical snippets that might be of interest to you.
s.r. badmin
a pictorial introduction to the english watercolour painter s.r. badmin, with some scans from the shell guide to trees and shrubs.
map data
learn about the vmap data-sets.
contact me
if you need any additional help or questions answered, please contact me.






web design and photography by mapability.com   ::   all images and pages on this site are © 2000 -
2025    ::   all rights reserved





