

  








top nyc recording studios for music production, audio, sound























































































































 






















 










 
























jambox 



entertainment 
recording studios 






instagram
 



facebook
 



twitter
 



linkedin
 

















						top sound recording studio in the heart of nyc over 25 years					






nyc recording studios black & female co-owned  small business since 1998 










 
 professional nyc music- sound studios



 
safe professional doorman building



 
friendly comfy vibe, knowledgeable staff



 
clients range from beginners to celebrities



 
mixing & mastering studio 



 
audiobooks / podcasts / interviews













 
one of nyc’s most unique blend of music & audio services



 
transfer vinyl records and tapes to digital



 
professional cover music recording w/ our 'gift of song' service



 
audiobooks / podcasts / interviews



 
youth development friendly














step into the vibrant home of music and audio at jambox entertainment recording studios, where for over 25 years, we’ve been crafting sonic experiences with heart. as a black and female-owned small business since 1998, we pride ourselves on making the best music and audio projects come alive within our studio walls right here in chelsea manhattan. whether it’s recording, mixing, or mastering, collaborating with seasoned pros and even crafting influential podcasts and audio-books, our time tested state of the art recording studio is your creative home for all things sound.we are located in the heart of chelsea/midtown manhattan, just steps away from penn station and madison square garden. when you step into our lovely seventh ave. building, say hello to our awesome doorman. doors are open to all—whether you’re a big label, an ad agency, or simply a music lover with a dream and a melody. join our musical family and experience our brand of audio excellence.record, mix and master your latest projects at jambox entertainment recording studios 















our recording studios 

















								studio a							







							go to website						












“studio a” nyc is the recording studio that started it all.  everything high-end is done in this recording studio. from our notable pristine v-o work to audio mixing to impressive mastering.“studio a” is the premier recording studio at jambox. 






 
studio a control room: 10′ 5″ x 14′ 



 
iso sound boooth:      7′ 9″ x 10′ ft 6″



 
vintage vibe, cutting cutting-edge recording technology



 
great production studio









go to website




















								blue room							







							go to website						












the blue room is a totally vibey recording studio. as our newest recording studio, the blue room has become a huge favorite amongst our hip-hop, r&b and pop clientele. 






 
control room: approx  12 ‘ x 12″ 



 
sound booth: 6′ x 10′ 



 
great for recording vocais, audio books and podcasts



 
great ambient vibe









go to website




















								c-lab							







							go to website						












this small cozy recording studio is a go-to room for solo artist session work, songwriting, low-cost demo recording and editing for the solo artist and morec-lab is one of the best deals in manhattan. 






 
hardware : apple custom quad core processor



 
top 10 most affordable in nyc!



 
small space, big studio sound









go to website



















our corporate clients 















 







 







 







 







 







 











 







 







 







 







 







 











 







 







 







 







 







 











 







 







 







 







 







 















our 'well known' clients 




















cyndi lauper 



cynthia ann stephanie lauper is an american singer, songwriter, actress, and activist. her career has spanned over 40 years.   













marc anthony 



marco antonio muñiz, known professionally as marc anthony, is an american singer, songwriter, and actor. 













rahat fateh ali khan 



rahat fateh ali khan is a pakistani singer, primarily of qawwali, a form of sufi devotional music. khan is one of the biggest and highest paid singers in pakistan. 













meghan trainor 



									meghan elizabeth trainor is an american singer-songwriter and television personality. 								













kc jockey 



kc jockey is an jamaican artist who is hard to define. his style is a little bit ‘kingston’ with a side of ‘brooklyn.’ he’s part ‘reggae’ with a dash of ‘r&b’dancehall”pop’ & fusion. 













suzanne vega 



suzanne nadine vega is an american singer-songwriter best known for her folk-inspired music. vega’s music career spans almost 40 years 













judy torres 



judy torres is an american freestyle music artist and dance-pop singer. 













j cole 



jermaine lamarr cole is a german-born american rapper, singer, songwriter, and record producer.  













travis scott 



jacques bermon webster ii, better known by his stage name travis scott, is an american rapper, singer, songwriter, and record producer.  













pnb rock 



rakim hasheem allen, better known by his stage name pnb rock, was an american rapper and singer. 













lloyd banks 



christopher charles lloyd, better known by his stage name lloyd banks, is an american rapper.  













smif n wessun 



christopher charles lloyd, better known by his stage name lloyd banks, is an american rapper.  













skimask slump god 



stokeley clevon goulbourne, known professionally as ski mask the slump god, is an american rapper. 













busy signal 



reanno devon gordon, better known by his stage name busy signal, is a jamaican dancehall reggae artist. 













chris redd 



for his work on the show, he won a primetime emmy award for outstanding original music and lyrics in 2018 for co-writing the snl song “come back barack” 













onyx rap group 



onyx is an american hardcore hip hop group from south jamaica, queens, new york city, formed in 1988 by fredro starr, suavé and the late big ds. sticky fingaz joined the group in 1991 













brass construction 



brass construction was an american funk group formed in brooklyn, new york, united states, in 1968. they were originally known as dynamic soul, and went on to record a string of hit singles and albums through to 1985 













a$ap ferg 



darold durard brown ferguson jr., known professionally as asap ferg, is an american rapper from new york city’s harlem neighborhood. 













norman conners 



norman connors (born march 1, 1947) is an american jazz drummer, composer, arranger, and producer who has led a number of influential jazz and r&b groups. 













pete davidson 



peter michael davidson is an american comedian, actor, and writer. davidson started standup in 2013 before being hired as cast member on the nbc late-night sketch comedy series saturday night live for eight seasons from 2014 to 2022 













idris elba 



idrissa akuna elba obe is an english actor. an alumnus of the national youth music theatre in london, he is known for roles including stringer bell in the hbo series the wire, dci john luther in the bbc one series luther, and nelson mandela in the biographical film mandela: long walk to freedom. 









 

 


















our reviews 






































news reviews and information you can use! 















subscribe to my channel« prev1 / 1next »10 vocal production mindset tips and techniques | vocal recording tutorial the jambox showhow to find the key: from mary's lamb to migos .. simple ear training tutorial for beginners3 unique instruments! tuba trombone & concertina plus awesome performances *** jambox show #6how to record and mix female vocals fast teaser!! vocal recording tutorial6 pro vocal recording mindset tips, tutorial (jambox show episode 9)award winning breakout singer monique brown interview with 'queen huda from egypt' 1st ep ever!do your plants listen to music? music for plants feat. anyah dishon  the jambox show #8size matters -weight vs talent.. female influencers in music sound off ..pt 1. tjs ep.7edm / hip-hop artist speed autobahn interviewed by huda the egyptian queen | the jambox showrevenge of the dreamers iii, cancel culture, lil nas x & geno five freestyle |the jambox showhow to record and mix female vocals fast w/lee evans | vocal recording tutorial.the sound of silence: disturbed cover: matt o'laughlin, shelly peterson vocalshow to funk in two minutesi believe in you and me (whitney houston cover) - rosalyn inman (aka righteous queen)latin freestyle music legend judy torres interview at jambox entertainment studios 2020love again dua lipa cover by 17 yr old new vocalist singer/musician: alyssainternational  sweethearts of rhythm america's hottest all girl band documentary« prev1 / 1next »
































 
























february 7, 2025 



63 annual grammys: snubs, call-outs, and interesting fashion… oh my! 



  by charlie rowe        the 2025 grammys, having taken place this past sunday february 2nd, were more than just a night of 















january 16, 2025 



spotlight on chelsea’s music scene: news and events in 2025 



as of january 2025, chelsea, manhattan, continues to be a vibrant hub for music and cultural events. here's a roundup of recent developments and 















february 15, 2021 



rip chick corea, a classical/ latin/ world music/ jazz fusion musical icon 



  remembering chick corea: a musical icon born: june 12, 1941, chelsea, madied: february 9, 2021 (age 79 years)  the music world has suffered an 































 

 

 




















 




jambox entertainment studios is a chelsea nyc based music entertainment company offering a unique music variety of music, podcasting, audio -book and audio-media services 







studios 






studio a




blue room




c-lab











about 






about




team




blog




contact us











hours of operation 





studio hours	 mon – fri 10am – 11pm                                          sat & sun 11am – 11pm


sat & sun 11am – 11pm





office hours: mon – fri 10am – 7pm 


sat & sun 11am – 6pm










contact 






 
212.979.8324


212.273.3426









 
352 seventh avenue  (btwn.  29th 


and 30th st. (nr penn station)  new york, ny 10001









 
info@jamboxstudio.com






























© 2025 jambox entertainment recording studios. all rights reserved. 










twitter





facebook





dribbble





youtube





pinterest





medium








 





























                shopping basket            














































   










home
about us
studios

studio a
the blue room recording studio
c-lab
policies


meet the team
clients

main clients
corporate


jambox media services
services

in house

mixing – recording – vocal tuning
jambox mastering lab


exclusive

transfer vinyl records & tapes
sing like a star with the gift of song
music studio tours group tours
christmas carolokie




blog
specials & promos
music & media

music
video


contact

book time
where to eat
nearby hotels















































































