










home - north kansas city business council




















































  

















skip to content


























join  |  login  |  contact us | join email list





















































menu 
homeabout us about the business council board of directors committees sponsors about north kansas city contact uscalendarbusiness directorymembers why become a member become a member member loginnews business council blog city council news newslettersexplore explorenkc website dining lodging shopping things to do transportationresources business resourcesevents city sidewalks tree festival holiday magic dinner & auction 2024 investing in north kansas city 2024 nkc business council auction app








 















 
our missionto inform, support and connect the businesses of north kansas city


learn more


 


 
bond bridgei-35/i-29 gateway to north kansas city


about nkc


 


 
stay with us!aloft hotel in the one north development


lodging options


 


 
where to dinechappell’s restaurant, bar & sports museum


restaurants


 


 
explore the areachicken n pickle featuring indoor/outdoor entertainment with a restaurant and sports bar


things to do


 




























about us 
the north kansas city business council is a 501 c 6 nonprofit “chamber of commerce”/economic development organization focused exclusively on supporting the businesses within the city of north kansas city, missouri.
learn more 


















why nkc? 
businesses in north kansas city have unequalled, convenient highway access to the entire kansas city metro area combined with a small-town feel, an appealing selection of independent restaurants, bars, breweries and exercise possibilities, lower cost of doing business, no 1% earnings tax and a well-run, business-friendly city government.
view directory 


















about nkc 
the city of north kansas city, missouri is a small municipality of only 4.6 sq miles, totally surrounded by kansas city, missouri. easy access is provided by i-35/i-29, missouri hwy 9 (burlington rd) and missouri hwy 210 (armour rd). north kansas city’s residential population of slightly under 5,000 residents shares its small geographic footprint with more than 900 vital businesses.
read more 


















participate 
the north kansas city business council provides opportunities for its members to participate in events such as monthly luncheons, first friday coffees, an annual golf tournament, an annual business-sponsored christmas tree display, ribbon-cuttings, grand openings, webinars and task groups focused on issues of importance to the business community.
view calendar 

























learn about investing in membership so your business and your employees can benefit more from the services provided by the north kansas city business council.





become a member




































thank you to our president level members





















                                atcap partners                            














                                north kansas city                            














                                harrahs                            














                                indigex                            














                                north kansas city hospital                            














                                garney                            






next
previous



























thank you to our executive level members





















                                hunt midwest                            














                                ingredion                            














                                quality plumbing                            













                                cedar ridge property management                            













                                express employment professionals                            














                                north kansas city school district                            






next
previous









 












© 2025 north kansas city business council
 | 
site by growthzone












get in touch!













816-472-7700 














405 e. 19th avenuenorth kansas city, mo 64116 














email us 










additional resources






faq









quicklinks






become a member
business directory
events

















 © 

 north kansas city business council.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 












please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility



