








529 college savings plan | connecticut higher education trust (chet) | fidelity 



















































 


informational messaging

chet 529 plan earned morningstar’s 2024 silver medal. read more


informational messaging

learn more about the principal plus interest option (ppio) transition
























menu



en español
overview
investment options
faqs
log in













the connecticut higher education trust 529 college savings program

sponsored by the connecticut office of the treasurer and managed by fidelity, this 529 plan is open to both residents and nonresidents.

find out what you'll need before you open an account

open a 529 account












contact us | ayuda en español











why open a chet 529 college savings plan?












tax advantages

connecticut taxpayers could receive a state income tax deduction of up to $10,000 on contributions made to your chet account. 








flexible use of funds

use for a wide variety of expenses at any accredited university, college, or vocational school nationwide—and many abroad. 








 investment choices and performance

access performance details and choose either an age-based strategy or a custom strategy based on your specific investment goals. 








account benefits and details

no annual fee or minimum required to open—these features and more make it easy to open and own a chet 529 account. 












the chet 529 college savings plan received morningstar’s 2024 silver rating.1


read morningstar's 529 industry report









getting started is easy





open a chet account

find out what you'll need before you open an account





fund your accountlog in required

set up automatic contributions

invite friends and family to gift





learn about college planning

see if you're on track









about the state of connecticut and additional programs offered by chet







connecticut office of the treasurer erick russell

the treasurer works with organizations throughout the state to help provide programs and assistance that can empower the people of connecticut with information and training to help them build a better future.











baby scholars
the chet baby scholars program provides $100 toward a newborn's future college costs. learn more





















dream big! competition
chet is dedicated to helping connecticut families find ways to afford the costs of higher education. learn more about the chet dream big! competition










security you can count on
at fidelity, we take your security and privacy seriously. that's why we employ world-class measures to help keep your portfolio safe. learn more







¿necesitas ayuda en español?




como ahorrar para la educación superior (pdf)

para ayuda en español a tus preguntas acerca del plan, como funciona y las opciones de inversión disponibles, por favor llama al 888-799-2438.  nuestros especialistas en planificación de la educación, con la ayuda de un traductor, están disponibles para asistirte de lunes a viernes de 8 a.m. a 9 p.m. et.



abre una cuenta chet

descarga una solicitud para abrir una cuenta del plan de ahorros universitarios chet y un paquete con los datos del plan.











we're here to help
education planning specialists are available monday–friday from 8 a.m. to 9 p.m. et.







questions?
888-799-chet(2438)











connecticut higher education

trust newsroom











facebook (@chet529)





facebook (@chetlatino)





instagram (@chet529)





x (twitter) (@chet529)



















​although the underlying deposits are eligible for fdic insurance, subject to applicable federal deposit insurance limits, the units of the bank deposit portfolio are not insured or guaranteed by the fdic or any other government agency. you are responsible for monitoring the total amount of your assets on deposit at the depository bank, including amounts held directly at the depository bank. all such deposits held in the same ownership capacity at the depository bank are subject to aggregation and to the current fdic insurance coverage limitation of $250,000. please see your 529 fact kit for more details.






the connecticut higher education trust (chet) 529 college savings plan - direct plan is offered by the treasurer of the state of connecticut and managed by fidelity investments. if you or the designated beneficiary is not a connecticut resident, you may want to consider, before investing, whether your state or the beneficiary's home state offers its residents a plan with alternate state tax advantages or other state benefits such as financial aid, scholarship funds and protection from creditors.​



units of the portfolios are municipal securities and may be subject to market volatility and fluctuation.



please carefully consider the plan's investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses before investing. for this and other information on any 529 college savings plan managed by fidelity, contact fidelity for a free fact kit or view one online. read it carefully before you invest or send money.


          1.
	
	
	       november 2024, morningstar assigned analyst ratings to 59 plans, which represent more than 90% of assets invested in 529 plans. morningstar identified 32 best-in-class plans, assigning these programs a morningstar medalist ratings of gold, silver or bronze. the medalist rating uses a scale of gold (highest), silver, bronze, neutral, and negative (lowest). plans were rated across four key pillars: people, process, price and parent. for the full rating methodology, click here.


©2024 morningstar, inc. all rights reserved. the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete, or timely. neither morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. past performance is no guarantee of future results.


          * contributions no longer can be made once the total value of all accounts for the same beneficiary in any connecticut 529 plan meet the account maximum.
	
    

529 distributions for qualified education expenses are generally federal income tax free. 529 assets may be used to pay for (i) qualified higher education expenses, (ii) qualified expenses for registered apprenticeship programs, (iii) up to $10,000 per taxable year per beneficiary for tuition expenses in connection with enrollment at a public, private, or religious elementary or secondary educational institution. although such assets may come from multiple 529 accounts, the $10,000 qualified withdrawal limit will be aggregated on a per beneficiary basis. the irs has not provided guidance to date on the methodology of allocating the $10,000 annual maximum among withdrawals from different 529 accounts, and (iv) amounts paid as principal or interest on any qualified education loan of a 529 plan designated beneficiary or a sibling of the designated beneficiary. the amount treated as a qualified expense is subject to a lifetime limit of $10,000 per individual. although the assets may come from multiple 529 accounts, the $10,000 withdrawal limit for qualified educational loans payments will be aggregated on a per individual basis. the irs has not provided guidance to date on the methodology of allocating the $10,000 annual maximum among withdrawals from different 529 accounts.


any earnings on distributions not used for qualified higher educational expenses or that exceed distribution limits may be taxed as ordinary income and may be subject to a 10% federal tax penalty. some states do not conform with federal tax law. please check with your home state to determine if it recognizes the expanded 529 benefits afforded under federal tax law, including distributions for elementary and secondary education expenses, apprenticeship programs, and student loan repayments. you may want to consult with a tax professional before investing or making distributions.


the third-party trademarks and service marks appearing herein are the property of their respective owners.


fidelity does not provide legal or tax advice. the information herein is general and educational in nature and should not be considered legal or tax advice. tax laws and regulations are complex and subject to change, which can materially impact investment results. fidelity cannot guarantee that the information herein is accurate, complete, or timely. fidelity makes no warranties with regard to such information or results obtained by its use, and disclaims any liability arising out of your use of, or any tax position taken in reliance on, such information. consult an attorney or tax professional regarding your specific situation.


fidelity investments sponsors the chet accounts on various social media platforms including (but not limited to) facebook, instagram, twitter, youtube, reddit, pinterest which are collectively referred to as "social media platforms." other fidelity entities or partners may also publish content on chet's social media platforms. you can easily find chet social content by searching for "chet" or "chet 529" or #chet529.


fidelity brokerage services is not authorized to solicit brokerage products and services outside the u.s. and our social media are intended for u.s. persons only.


our moderators are online during open market hours (m–f, 9:30am to 4pm et). if you need immediate assistance with your chet account, please call 888-799-2438 for english support or 888-799-2438 for spanish support.


fidelity is not affiliated with any social media platforms and is not responsible for social media platforms' operations or services. fidelity does not expressly or implicitly adopt or endorse any of the expressions, opinions or content posted by fans or any third parties on its accounts on social media platforms. fidelity does not control, serve, adopt or endorse any advertising, messages, or content that social media platforms may display on its site or on fidelity's pages on social media platforms. fidelity does not adopt or endorse any products, services, advertisements, recommendations, or statements, or any other content that may appear on social media platforms or on other affiliated sites. no part of any fidelity account on social media platforms is intended to make a recommendation or state a testimonial for or about a security, service or product, or to provide investment, tax or any other advice.


your privacy is important. fidelity's privacy policy is at https://go.fidelity.com/privacy


fidelity brokerage services llc, member nyse, sipc, 900 salem street, smithfield, ri 02917



980436.13.1











copyright 1998-2023 fmr llc. all rights reserved.


terms of use

privacy

security


site map


accessibility


contact us


share your screen



disclosures opens in a new window

do not sell or share my personal information 

this is for persons in the us only.









close





we're here to help



dedicated education planning specialists are available monday–friday from 8 a.m. to 9 p.m. et at 888-799-chet (2438).










close





¿necesitas ayuda en español?



como ahorrar para la educación superior (pdf)
para ayuda en español a tus preguntas acerca del plan, como funciona y las opciones de inversión disponibles, por favor visita nuestro sitio web en español o llama al 888-799-2438 y uno de nuestros representantes con la ayuda de un traductor, están disponibles para asistirte de lunes a viernes de 8 a.m. a 9 p.m. hora del este de ee. uu.
abre una cuenta chet
descarga una solicitud para abrir una cuenta del plan de ahorros universitarios chet y un paquete con los datos del plan.










close








 account benefits and details 




minimum required to open


$0




annual account fee


$0




automatic deposit


$15 monthly minimum




account maximum


$550,000 effective october 1, 2022*




plan application & fact kit


view the plan fact kit (pdf) and download the application and supporting documents.




making payments


the distribution guide for colleges and universities (pdf) provides instructions instructions for making payments to a school.














close








 investment choices and performance 




investment options


learn more about the investment options available for your chet account.

you can change the investment instructions on your future contributions at any time. but under federal tax rules governing 529 plans, you can reallocate your current plan's investments only twice per calendar year or whenever you change beneficiaries, without incurring federal taxes.




investment expenses


fees vary, depending on your investment strategy:

0.10%–0.20% (fidelity index funds)

0.40%–0.62% (fidelity blend)

0.47%–0.95% (fidelity funds)

0.05%–0.50% (bank deposit portfolio)


for fee details, please view the plan fact kit (pdf).




plan performance


view information on the funds' short-term performance since inception date of february 2, 2021 (when the funds were established at fidelity), or average annual total returns by month or by quarter. portfolio composition, including underlying fund(s) and asset allocations, can be viewed online under the compositions tab, or in the chet fact kit (pdf).


download the annual report (pdf)














close








 flexible use of funds 




postsecondary expenses


money withdrawn from the 529 plan account can be used for a wide range of qualified higher education expenses, such as room and board, tuition, books, and computer equipment.




k-12 expenses


in addition to college expenses, you can also spend up to $10,000 per year on tuition expenses for elementary, middle, and high school—private, public, or religious.




other higher education expenses


effective january 1, 2019 qualified distributions can also include repayment of up to $10,000 in qualified student loans, and expenses for certain apprenticeship programs.




up to $10,000 over the lifetime of the beneficiary or sibling of the beneficiary.














close








 tax advantages 




earnings


any earnings grow federal and connecticut income tax-deferred.




contributions


contributions are deductible for connecticut income tax purposes up to $5,000 per year for a single return or $10,000 per year for a joint return. if you exceed this amount, you can carry over the excess amount for the 5 taxable years following the deduction.




withdrawals


qualified withdrawals are free from both federal and connecticut income taxes.




















close



important information
virtual assistant is fidelity’s automated natural language search engine to help you find information on the fidelity.com site. as with any search engine, we ask that you not input personal or account information. information that you input is not stored or reviewed for any purpose other than to provide search results. responses provided by the virtual assistant are to help you navigate fidelity.com and, as with any internet search engine, you should review the results carefully. fidelity does not guarantee accuracy of results or suitability of information provided.
 
keep in mind that investing involves risk. the value of your investment will fluctuate over time, and you may gain or lose money. 


fidelity does not provide legal or tax advice, and the information provided is general in nature and should not be considered legal or tax advice. consult an attorney, tax professional, or other advisor regarding your specific legal or tax situation. 

fidelity brokerage services llc, member nyse, sipc, 900 salem street, smithfield, ri 02917 

796549.1.0















 


