

spiritual teacher, oneness blessing, distance healing, deeksha, counselor & guide













oneness
        blessing • spiritual teacher • distance healing






















 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 
 



























healing, deeksha (oneness blessing) or spiritual
          guidance
          call 1-928-301-6538 (toll free) to arrange for an appointment 









 


distance healing
          • oneness blessing
          deeksha • spiritual guidance • teaching
spiritual, emotional
          and physical peace & stability
click here for healing cds recorded by solomon


i give precise and understandable instructions
            on exactly how to forgive yourself, love and navigate inside of any
            thought, feeling or experience. the result is peace of mind and a
  life of ease.

     those
          of us who are in a constant search for that peace within, are always
          confronted by underlying feelings, experiences and discomfort with
          ourselves. deeksha / oneness blessing along with awareness and our
          personal surrender by coming inside of our experiences, allows the
          process of letting go and release of wounds, blocks and attachment
          to beliefs and concepts to happen at an extremely fast pace.
     it
          is important to realize that any one of the above processes will not
          work. all of the above in a guided and sensitive direction and balance
        will work.
     through
          my 35 years (i am 54 years old), i have never found any technique or
          way of opening to awareness to the divine to be as powerful and quickening
        as the technique know as deeksha or oneness blessing.
without the divine – nothing is possible
        with the divine – everything is possible
     with
          oneness blessing and the divine guidance i am receiving during our interaction,
          i will help to guide you to love and forgiveness of yourself. i can only
        show you the way, but in allmost all instances, that is all that is needed.
     my
          gift i have received from the divine presence of love is i can step by
          step show you how to forgive anything in yourself and your surrounding
          world! forgiveness is the choice to allow anything or everything to be
          "as it is".
     eventually
          the goal is to make myself completely dispensable and have you be completely
          independent in forgiving and loving yourself. i am just the tool put
          forth for you to create your own life (internal & external) as a
        joyful & beautiful adventure.
     oneness
          blessing as an ongoing part of your life will allow the process of awakening
          to unfold at not only a peaceful and fast pace, but allow your life to
          be gentle and with less obstacles. you will begin to witness & see
          your life and experience through eyes that are not involved and overwhelmed,
          but in observation of the activities that happen within and outside in
          your life. you become a witness rather than overwhelmed by the experience.
     it
          is completely up to you and the divine how much you wish to accomplish
          in our work together. the more you wish to be open to, the more i am
          available and at your service.
     my
          joy is in seeing you come alive inside of your love and respect for
          the divine and your own beautiful self and ego. my reality is that
          you are perfect and innocent as you already are.
you are perfect and innocent exactly as you are
     i
          hold you in my heart with the understanding that you are innocent
          exactly as you are right now. you do not need to improve or change.
          just allow your awareness to become an observer and give space to and
          come within your feelings, experiences, blocks, wounds, etc. this is
          not about changing yourself, anyone or anything else. it is about
          allowing, letting go, and giving yourself the space to be. suffering
          is trying to change what is, to what you think it should be. leaving
          it alone . . . all of it . . . is the key.
     to
          leave yourself alone. to love yourself as you are with no expectations,
          hopes, past or future . . . this is love.
if you are willing to take
          on this journey, i will be so excited & grateful to witness this
          miracle.
                                                            with
        much love,
                                                            solomon

deeksha / oneness blessing, distance healing, block & wound
        removal ... by effortlessly receiving the divine...
 
the opportunity to experience: peace,
          joy & bliss & oneness, inner relaxation, a reduction in stress,
          without effort and with almost immediate results? 
diksha
              (deeksha) distance healing divine energy transfer . . . allows
              you an opportunity to reduce the suffering in your life and also
              allow a beautiful and lasting connection to the divine within you 
"this
            is a simple yet powerful process. i’ve received therapy and
            bodywork for years in an attempt to heal the conditions of the past
            in my body. a lot of this attention felt good at the time but did
            not really shift much over the long run. now after 12 years, a pattern
            of pain and holding in my lower back is finally healed. yes, i am
            free and whole."
                                                                                   victoria,
          ashland
 receive
              (deeksha) oneness blessing & your heart will flower 
deeksha
                or oneness blessing starts a process that frees you from
                the limitations and the conditioning of the mind, releasing you
                from unnecessary suffering. 
deeksha
              or oneness blessing is a powerful divine energy transfer
              that activates a shift in the brain, activating a shift in consciousness.
              a shift means change.
 deeksha
            or oneness blessing elevates
            you into an altered state, creating a greater purpose in your life
            - you become aware of negative patterns, which are responsible for
            continuous failure. hurts and pains will surface - a cleansing of
            emotional and mental blocks can take place. 


 experience
                      an inner strength


discover
                  love for oneself and others


heal
                  relationships


let
                  grace rain down on you


experience
                  the slowing down of the mind


diksha
                  releases physical, psychological and spiritual blocks and allows
                  the clearing of negative emotions


experience
                silence and inner peace 


amma & bhagavan are
              the source of this incredible energy. once you experience the unique
              power of their presence through diksha (deeksha) distance healing,
              you will feel how it can transform your life. 
receive
              this profound awakening, which is beyond all boundaries . . . 

.
            . . and be happy
book
              a oneness blessing/deeksha click
              here now
plus free bonus 15-minute consultation at 866-573-1870
            (toll free), 928-301-6538
note:
            during 15-minute consultation, any subject matter you desire can
            be brought up and discussed.
for
        list of all prices for distance healing and oneness blessing (deeksha)
        . . . please click here. 

          click below for our special one hour healing/diksha session
          also counts as a two 1/2 hour sessions.
1
          hour $50.00 (two 1/2 hour sessions) 

















 
 
if
          you are interested in a personal counseling,
          or diksha (deeksha) distance healing appointment with solomon,
          please call him at 928-301-6538
          go to the rates page
          or e-mail him at sol@atimetoheal-om.net

site map
          home
diksha
          (deeksha) distance healing cont. | environmental
          clearing 
 rates | appointments
                and scheduling | instructions | follow-up
chakras | philosophy | what
                is energy medicine
different
                    healing modalities | articles | disclaimer
e-mail | contact us | links
submit
                        your link - link exchange
                        - add url | new
                        links

various articles - to be updated soon
amma & bhagavan
            - a brief introduction | moola
            mantra - the meaning
oneness - an latered
              state of consciousness
deeksha
              (diksha or oneness blessing) of sir amma & sri bhagavan
what is enlightenment | enlightenment
                and the brain
oneness
              university | bhagavan
              on carry over
the awakening of
              the supreme light in your heart | trip
              to india
judgement -
                lao tzu in china | the
                significance of the year 2012
padukas, homa & aarati | the
                ultimate reality
golden balls
              are manifesting | 21-day
              process
finding the
              guru | 21
              day process - preparation - news update
freedom | yantra
              meditation - liberation of life
*** kannada
              prabha press interview with bhagavan - 1st interview ***
***
                  kiara windrider interview with bhagavan - 2nd interview ***
what
                  is diksha (deeksha or oneness blessing)
what
                  is enlightenment - 2nd version
dark
                        night of the soul | dark
                        night of the soul - 2
sewers
                              of the mind | the
                              shakti sthala and mass enlightenment
falling
                into grace
deeksha
                (oneness blessing): an evolutionary perspective

articles
                           - old formats
 
 

 
some links
        below and many pages in the site are under construction. thank you for
        your patience and understanding.
 

 oneness blessing,
                deeksha




 list
            of all articles *** 


 rates,
            cost ***********

healing cds and products


distance
                healing pt. 1



 distance
            healing cont.


 philosophy


 environmental
            clearing


 what
            is energy medicine


 chakra
            healing


 links



exchange
                links - add url 




i give precise, clear
            and understandable instructions on exactly how to forgive yourself,
            love and navigate inside of any thought, feeling or experience.





















 





more quotes to come.

everything that you choose to recognize as yourself
        becomes a gift that is a doorway to liberation. this does not mean that
        you need to work on yourself for the next 10 years when things are finally
        clear enough in your life and consciousness . . . then you decide to
        choose oneness and seeing everything as yourself. no. choose this now.
        it is available to you as long as your belief systems take a vacation.
        there is no future. there is only right now and allowing yourself to
        be one with what you are experiencing and feeling is at first mechanical
        and then after faith sets in, it is easy. it is actualization and not
        realization that works. oneness is not an experience as much as a knowing
        that this is all my body. getting caught inside of looking for the oneness
        experience is the trap of the mind to not opening to oneness. 
.
trying to choose anything from the mind and from
          your comparison mode is a form of suffering. choice only exists the moment
          it needs to be made. all analysis causes one to touch their own pain
        body and contract into illusion.        
.
affirmations work. is that true? trying to change
          things by forcing them to be something they are not is called manipulations.
          has it ever worked? . . . or has it just moved around the suffering
        to another part of your life. exchanging one suffering for another.love
          is the answer to everything.let darkness consume you. if you defend
          yourself against it, you immediately become a victim. victim consciousness
          is a state of duality. stop defending yourself against anything. all
          protection . . . all psychic protection . . . all protection is declaring
        that you are a victim. it is a lie.






























