










mauna loa observatory - noaa global monitoring laboratory























skip to main content




an official website of the united states government here's how you know







official websites use .gov
a .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the united states.







secure .gov websites use https
a lock () or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.















search

 search gml:








global monitoring laboratory




menu








 home



about

about gml
science reviews
safety program

employment
visiting
contact us

intranet



people

organization
staff
employee spotlight



research

research overview
carbon cycle greenhouse gases
greenhouse gases and ozone-depleting substances
ozone and water vapor
global radiation, aerosols and clouds
publications
calibration facilities
wmo central calibration laboratory
central uv calibration facility
broadband solar calibration facility
world dobson ozone calibration centre



observing networks



overview
observations overview
measurement sites
field campaigns


atmospheric baseline observatories
observatory operations
barrow, alaska
mauna loa, hawaii
american samoa
south pole


observing networks
greenhouse gas reference network
halocarbons and trace gases
surface radiation
federated aerosol network
ozone
water vapor






data & products



data
data & products portal
data finder
obspack data products
measurement sites


visualization & tools
solar calculator
data viewer
south pole ozone hole
mauna loa apparent transmission
barrow snow melt dates


products
greenhouse gas index
ozone depletion index
trends in co2, ch4, n2o, sf6
modeling





information

news
seminars
education/outreach
student opportunities
faq's
publications
webcams
south pole webcam
mauna loa webcams
barrow webcam
global monitoring annual conference




						the 53rd conference will be held may 20 - 21, 2025
					













search

 search gml:












measurements at the mauna loa observatory stopped after the 2022 eruption of the mauna loa volcano, when lava flow crossed the access road and took out power lines to the facility. the observatory remains inaccessible by vehicle and without power from the local utility company.
	

	observatory staff has established limited solar power in four observatory buildings and restored approximately 33 percent of the measurements onsite, including the global monitoring laboratory and scripps critical co2 records and other atmospheric measurements.
	


media can contact: theo stein (303) 819-7409 (theo.stein@noaa.gov) or karin vergoth 303-632-6413‬ (karin.vergoth@noaa.gov)
	

mauna loa baseline observatory




mauna loa observatory (mlo) is located on the north flank of mauna loa volcano, on the big island of hawaii, at an elevation of 3397 meters, or 11,135 feet above sea level.  the observatory is a premier atmospheric research facility that has been continuously monitoring and collecting data related to atmospheric change since the 1950's. 


the observatory protrudes through the strong marine temperature inversion layer present in the region, which separates the more polluted lower portions of the atmosphere from the much cleaner free troposphere. the undisturbed air, remote location, and minimal influences of vegetation and human activity at mlo are ideal for monitoring constituents in the atmosphere that can cause climate change. 
   

mlo has supported hundreds of cooperative research programs with national and international universities and government organizations. a staff of 8 operates and maintains the observatory, with offices in hilo, hawaii.
   









site info







datasets







data viewer







news



about us 

!
                visiting and tours 
programs
personnel
mauna loa publications
outreach and education
photo gallery




movies showing the lava flow crossing the road to the observatory:
 lava flow movies


 current weather
 live cameras




if you are interested in conducting research at one of the noaa baseline observatories:
request a new baseline observatory cooperative agreement







location

country: united states 
latitude: 19.5362° north
longitude: 155.5763° west 
elevation:    3397.00 masl 
time zone:  local time + 10 hour(s) = utc

contact

contact name:  darryl kuniyuki
address:   noaa - mauna loa observatory   1437 kilauea ave. #102hilo, hawaii, 96720, united states
phone: (808) 933-6965
fax: (808) 933-6967








 
 









global monitoring laboratory 
			» u.s. department of commerce 
			» national oceanic & atmospheric administration 
			» noaa research





privacy policy  |  
                accessibility  |  
                disclaimer  |  
                disclaimer for external links  |  
                foia  |  
                usa.gov





 
 

site contents
contact us  |  webmaster
take our survey










