







spiritual fit club | self-discovery for spiritual development
















































































 






 




    click here nowget instant access     log in     

practical tools and guidance for using spiritual practices to reduce stress and anxietyregulate stress | increase resilience | boost happiness

click here now to get started!




harness the power of stressuse insight and awareness to solve life's problemshappiness hacks for satisfaction and contentment


80% of the 20+ million that suffer with autoimmune symptoms are women!

they have less and less energy to be the "super woman" in their world ... even as it becomes smaller and smaller with more and more things triggering a reaction. can you remember when you felt like “super woman” in your world? in order to maintain your "super powers," you had to wake up every morning with energy and enthusiasm.







the problem is, at some point, your immune system started faltering.  now, you feel tired and defeated before you even get started. 



identify underlying causeeliminate what caused the malfunctionwe believe eliminating what caused the malfunction will allow your immune system to essentially reboot - restoring immunocompetence to eliminate the annoying or painful symptoms.  and, along with it your energy and enthusiasm.








how we do itwe understand you’ve probably tried countless professional recommendations which is why we know it will take a deeper look to identify what really caused (and continues to aggravate) the problem. this insight is critical to develop a program that is customized to your unique experience. 

collect informationcapture your answers to hundreds of questions along with the results of tests and scans. all done without leaving home!


create a customized planevaluate the answers to those questions along with the results of tests and scans to create a customized program.


supported implementationsupport you as you implement the program so that adjustments can be made when necessary. 



relieve or eliminate symptomsget rid of the "things to avoid" list!we help women restore their "super powers" with a customized program that identifies and eliminates the underlying cause of the immune system overreaction.so, that they can get rid of the "things to avoid" list and get back to work on their "to do list!" 












tricky toxins



is it a toxin?toxins can be difficult to detect even with lab testsour ebook “10 tricky toxins” includes lesser known toxins along with some of the common symptoms they can cause. toxins could be the underlying cause of the problem. stop trying to solve a mystery without the key clues (tired and under the influence of brain fog) ...... and instead restore your energy and “super woman” status. added bonus - peace of mind about your health!

10 tricky toxins ebook





let us help you restore the health of your immune system

click here now to get started!


     home contact us blog privacy policy terms of use disclaimer login                                          © copyright 2025 yes unlimited llc - all rights reserved.   



















>

	



























































































 


 

