








magical journeys travel planning | theme park and cruise experts

























































home
about us

meet team mj
join the team
contact us


request pricing
destinations

disney parks
disney cruise
universal orlando
adventures by disney
cruise lines


resort gallery

universal orlando
walt disney world
disney cruise


 


select page


  
 
 












where next?
let magical journeys help you create your story

request pricing












no need to be overwhelmed when it comes to vacation planning. magical journeys can assist you with navigating through the seemingly endless options of walt disney world, universal orlando and cruise vacations. your magical journeys agent will work hard to save you money, and still give you the quality service you deserve. we stay on top of the deals from the time you book until the day you travel. let our qualified vacation specialists help you find the best deals out there for your magical journeys. 

about us







are you ready?!
epic vacations begin at universal orlando resort.
universal orlando is not a side trip for us! universal orlando resort has theme parks, water-parks, nightlife and fantastic hotels that fit every budget. it is the perfect vacation destination. from wizards to muggles, there is something for every age and excitement level. free concerts, special events and holiday parades are all just a little more fun at universal orlando resort. let us design a vacation package that tailor fits your needs.

universal orlando












the magic begins with you.
we have been where you are! worried about affordable trips to walt disney world and disneyland? we use our over 20 years’ experience to help you plan the most magical vacation, no matter the budget.

we wade through all the news and updates to make sure you have all the knowledge you need to “do it right”.

while you have the fun of planning, we have the chore of monitoring your booking until you travel for lower rates. you get the best of both worlds.







journeys are meant to be shared.
let our team of enthusiastic cruisers guide you to the best ships and ports sailing the rivers and seas. magical journeys books all river and cruise lines to some of the most exotic ports of call. disney cruise line, royal caribbean, celebrity, norwegian, carnival and more are waiting for you.

where would you like to wander?







magical journeys is the proud sponsor of intercot.com and mentioned in parents magazine





 














menu

home
about us
request pricing



contact us




email





links

wdw brochure

followfollow











fla. seller of travel ref. no.st38962magical journeys does not provide services to residents of ca or hi







copyright 2021 – magical journeys inc



 




 














