





































huntsman mental health institute | university of utah health























      skip to main content
    













hmhi topnav



                  patients
                            



                  about
                            



                  research
                            



                  community
                            



                  newsroom
                            



                  giving
                            








billing & insurance



my
chart









search









menu





close


hmhi service line menu



                            patients
            



                            about
            



                            research
            



                            community
            



                            giving
            



                            newsroom
            










           health care home    transforming mental health care, education, research, and policy  huntsman mental health institute      need help now? call or text 988        



















 





       start your journey to better mental health  
  huntsman mental health institute is the first of its kind to bring research, education, and patient care together to solve one of our nation’s greatest challenges: untreated mental health conditions.
 
  
                       care for all      our exceptional care programs, including a 161-bed hospital, are part of the world-renowned university of utah academic healthcare system.     
                 pioneering research      our research helps the world better understand the complexity of the brain to address mental health and substance use disorders.
    
                 learn and grow      we inspire and grow the mental health workforce through accredited programs in clinical psychology, psychiatry, and more.
    
                 ignite change      our namesake is thanks to the huntsman family’s commitment to mental health. join us to advance hope and healing for all.
    
  
  
             where to start your journey  
        talk to your doctor   meet with your primary care provider. they can help connect you with the right type of care.
   connect with primary care >      
     call us   we can schedule an appointment or assessment for you or a loved one.
call 801-583-2500 or
   request a callback >      
     get help in a crisis   call or text the 988 suicide & crisis lifeline. or walk in to our hospital at any time.
   call or text 988 >      
  
                     get help 24/7/365 for mental health emergencies  huntsman mental health institute hospital501 chipeta waysalt lake city, ut 84108    get directions >          
  
    
  
      mental health support for all  
  we’re here to help you no matter where you are on your journey. reach out today >
 
  
      help for all ages  
                 children + teens   
              adults + young adults   
              older adults   
  
  
      care for all needs  
                     addiction support  substance use disorder programs for all ages   learn more >      
                  assessments  spend time with experts who understand your needs and recommended care options   learn more >      
                  collaborative care  when mental health and primary care come together for you   learn more >      
                  specialty care models  expertise in maternal mental health, autism, geriatrics and more   learn more >      
                  flexible day programs  join us for a few hours a day, group sessions, day camps, and intensive outpatient programs   learn more >      
                  inpatient hospital stays  short, medium, and long term care with expert providers   learn more >      
                  residential treatment center   live-in care for youth offering group therapy, recreation therapy, and a dedicated psychiatrist   learn more >      
                  treatment resistant care  specialized care in a supportive environment   learn more >      
  
                      crisis care  the nation's best integrated model for urgent mental health care   learn more >            
                   care amenities  extra services to support your care   learn more >            
  
  
         connect with us  
      subscribe       
      follow along       
      join our team       
  
  
      stories of success from our patients  
                     for jenna, the youth residential treatment program was the ideal choice    read jenna's story    
                  electroconvulsive therapy: life changing treatment for patients living with severe mental illness    read cody's story    
                  how neurosurgery and psychiatry transform ocd treatment    read jorun's story    
                  teenscope program builds confidence and helps utah teen overcome social anxiety    read more    
  
  
      how we can help: conditions we specialize in  
                 
addiction and substance use
anxiety
attention-deficit / hyperactivity disorder (adhd)
autism spectrum disorder (asd)
boderline and personality disorders
dementia and neurocognitive disorders
depression and bipolar disorder
dissociative disorders
eating disorders
obsessive-compulsive disorder (ocd)
oppositional defiance and disruptive behaviors
postpartum and perinatal depression and anxiety
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
somatic symptom and related disorders 
schizophrenia and other psychosis
sexual function issues
sleep-wake disorders
trauma and stress-related issues
treatment-resistant mood disorders

     
  
           mind your  
   mental health  
  in partnership with the ad council, the “love, your mind” campaign is helping to change the conversation about mental health across the nation. 
 
   explore resources >      
                    
    
  
      recent news and announcements  
  












press release


feb 10, 2025



huntsman mental health institute leadership announcement


 today we announce w. brett graham, mba, mpa, has been appointed interim ceo for huntsman mental health institute, and james c. ashworth, md, has been appointed interim chair for the...



read more
















healthfeed


feb 07, 2025



coping with anxiety: strategies to regain control


 feeling anxious from time to time is simply part of being a human. but when anxiety is chronic and feels like it has taken control, our quality of life, daily...



read more
















press release
news


feb 06, 2025



research in fruit flies pinpoints brain pathways involved in alcohol-induced insomnia


 the research could ultimately lead to targeted treatments for alcohol-related sleep loss, helping people recover from alcohol use disorder.



read more




  
   read more stories >      
  
          2024 annual report to our community    take a look back at twelve months of stories, impact, and joy.
   explore the report >         
  
      care you can trust  
                          
                
                
  
                     
                
                
  
    
  

















site links


about us


academics & research


billing


find an interpreter


jobs


giving


maps & directions


newsroom


referring providers




helpful links


pricing transparency


patient rights & responsibilities


visitor policy


disclaimer


privacy statement


dnv public information policy


non-discrimination policy


surprise billing rights


webmaster











    501 chipeta way
    salt lake city,    utah
    84108
  
801-583-2500

















scheduling: 801-213-9500
en español: 801-646-5914











copyright © 2025 university of utah health









hmhi topnav



                  patients
                            



                  about
                            



                  research
                            



                  community
                            



                  newsroom
                            



                  giving
                            






close


hmhi service line menu



                            patients
            



                            about
            



                            research
            



                            community
            



                            giving
            



                            newsroom
            



















