






designs by sundown


























   
 













celebrating design that celebrates people.






culture
people
services
our work
join the team
contact & directions
pay invoices
 

it is currently 8° in denver.
how will you enjoy the weather today?
©️️️ 2024 mariani enterprises, llc










bringing you and your landscape into harmony.

				designs by sundown® believes the outdoor spaces we inhabit are central to our experiences and quality of life. we design and build spaces that are made for humans and the unique personalities behind them.
			




landscape architecture
construction
maintenance










our approach to design starts with you.

						we work in creating places for human activity that explores the social, cultural, ecological and historic contexts that shape your space.
					



our approach is highly collaborative. we actively engage with our clients, learning about their lifestyles and goals for their outdoor spaces, brainstorming together to ensure the end result is uniquely theirs.
					


















									highline estates 1								

								denver, co							










									denver country club								

								denver, co							










									greenwood village								

								greenwood village, co							










									northcreek rooftop								

								denver, co							

















bringing you and your landscape into harmony.


view more of our work










a day spent outdoors is never wasted. and enjoying the details together last forever.



invite nature into your space.


					regrettably, people seem to be spending less time outdoors and less time immersed in nature than ever before. we design outdoor spaces that increase well being by turning backyards into reminders of natures beauty.
				















listen to the activity




beyond broomfield fire pit

										broomfield, colorado
									














listen to the serenity




mansfield manor grass

										denver, colorado
									














listen to the relaxation




mansfield manor pool

										denver, colorado
									











a social hub.

			most of us love entertaining in some way - intimate dinners, family barbecues, and even the occasional house party. our approach will ensure the right ambiance and turn your space into a place everyone wants to be.
		










					experience the difference 

					a life can make.
				



					play video
				








awards matter but people matter more.




						some awards are based on nominations and juries, but the best awards come from client happiness. we’re humble enough to have received many awards, but smiles are the real prize.
					











bill roth — littleton, colorado 

							designs by sundown and the hommel family have been creating amazing outdoor landscapes for over 35 years. dbs is a leader in the colorado landscape architecture, construction, and maintenance industry. their talent for innovation, design, is second to none. over the years, dbs creations have greatly benefited thousands of colorado families. in addition to their passion for providing an exceptional client experience, the hommel family supports and serves many nonprofits in our community.
						









							let us help you celebrate your life. 

							let us help you celebrate your space.
						











our best self is reflected in our space.




						from concept to completion, we strive to create amazing outdoor spaces that capture the form and function of our clients and their families.
					

work with us today











culture
people
services
our work
join the team
contact & directions
pay invoices
 news
join the team
awards
privacy policy
terms of use
mariani premier group
do not sell or share my information request form





					facebook				



					twitter				



					instagram				











				6875 s. santa fe drive
littleton 80120
				


			phone:
			303.789.4400		





			celebrating design that celebrates people.		








 

 

 

 

 

 

 


















