






scuba gear : third lung : scubapro : dive compressors | brownie's yachtdiver
























toggle navigation











  home 




 dive 

 dive gear 
 brownie's third lung 
 nomad mini & nomad 
 floating electric 
 floating gas 
 commercial systems 
 parts/service 
 accessories 
 garmin 
 scubapro 
 trade ins & used 





 services 

services home
padi instruction
officer training
dive trips
scuba repairs
rentals
third lung service
tankfill service
yacht weather





 subs 

global subs
u-boat worx subs





 toys 

toys home
nautica seascooters
nautica navtech 1 seascooters
seabob
platforms, docks & slides





 outfitting 




 tankfill 

tankfill home
yachtpro systems
lw compressors
nitroxmaker systems
compressor installations
compressor service
nitrox installations
mixed gas installations
tank racks





 news 




 shop 

amazon
ebay
get it now!





 contact 

contact now
get a quote
brownie's ft. lauderdale
yachttoys
palm beach divers
jobs at brownie's divers
































brownie's yachtdiver sales, service & support

brownie's yachtdiver is the no.1 brownie's third lung, tankfill & nitrox equipment dealer in the world!

1-954-524-2112
















your boat = dive boat
call for discounts: 954-524-2112
brownie's full service dive shops in fort lauderdale and palm beach feature scubapro dive gear and have the best selection of quality dive gear in south florida, including halcyon dive gear, custom dive lockers, tankfill systems and dive compressors, nitrox dive gear, and our famous brownie's third lung (tankless freedom!). our professional staff are divers who use the dive gear sold and serviced by brownie's. our staff is ready to answer all your dive gear questions.
we offer all makes and models of dive gear and water toys  





 
dive gear
diving made easy 
brownie's yachtdiver  has quality dive gear for quality diving. dive for fun and safety with brownie's yachtdiver  dive gear.



 
water toys
all the toys!
brownie's yachtdiver  has the latest in water toys. for more fun under or on the water brownie's yachtdiver  has all the water toys you want.



 
tankfill compressors
systems & dive rooms
brownie's yachtdiver  has dive tankfill compressors or complete dive rooms designed and installed by our experienced staff.















boaters helping boaters have fun
scuba and dive gear- brownie's yacht toys in fort lauderdale has the water toys you want for your boat, including the amazing seabob, yamaha seascooters and submarines.
outfitting a yacht? brownie's dive knowledge and wide selection of custom dive lockers provide the perfect scuba setup for any yacht- for any dive, anywhere. dive compressors? brownie's stocks and services a full range of compressors for any size tankfill.

                    
divers have to trust their gear- and divers trust brownie's to make underwater explorations safe and fun. 

                    

 brownie's third lung with free shipping.

 halcyon gear with free shipping.
 buy scubapro direct from brownie's with free shipping
    



 call for discounts: 1-954-524-2112

dive gear, toys, sales, services & yacht outfitting!







announcement

dive gear
brownie's yachtdiver  specializes in dive gear by the leading manufacturers; scubapro, halcyon and more.





aspect_ratio

after sale
after the sale, brownie's yachtdiver  is always here with the service and support you deserve.





check_circle

latest & best
yachtdiver  is always presenting the latest and best in dive gear, water toys and services.









verified_user

match pricing
brownie's yachtdiver  will match or beat all prices presented so please ask.





vertical_split

trade-ins
brownie's yachtdiver  will take in trade-in your old gear, why wait when you can have the best now!





announcement

tankfill compressor systems
designs and installs tankfill compressor systems or dive room featuring the latest in mixed gas applications.















get the best in dive services
contact us for more specifications, warranty, prices or any other information you need about our quality dive gear, toys and services. or call us at 954-524-2112.


contact us today!


















home
            


dive gear


services
            


tankfill compressors
            


news


get a quote


contact




        ©
         copyright by
       brownie's yachtdiver™
      
contact info


brownie's yachtdiver™
          1530 cordova road
          fort lauderdale, fl 33316 
p: (954) 524-2112
info@yachtdiver.com




connect with us



   





   





























