





missouri juvenile justice association – statewide, not-for-profit organization whose mission is dedicated to promoting justice for children, youth and families within missouri.






























































 
 














skip to content
skip to footer














                    about mjja




                    purpose




                    board & staff




                    leadership




                    scholarships




                    awards




                    faq




                    partnerships






                    resources




                    laws & legislation




                    publications




                    racial and ethnic disparities




                    parent guide




                    missouri models




                    best practices




                    grants




                    related links




                    special reports




                    statistics






                    events & training




                    events calendar






                    membership




                    join mjja




                    membership overview




                    membership levels




                    contribute




                    corporate sponsors






                    media




                    press releases




                    news articles






                    contact us




                    cart
























menu


















search:




































			missouri juvenile justice association
		




mjja has been the recognized leader in missouri on matters of state and national juvenile justice issues for over 30 years.solely dependent upon donations and memberships, mjja brings together juvenile justice system professionals and agencies, interested organizations, private corporations and individuals who are committed to improving the missouri juvenile justice system for the sake of the children in need of a future.mjja serves as an expert consultant at the request of the office of the governor and state and community lawmakers. mjja leads the development of uniform standards, practices and procedures in juvenile care, and; promotes the need for adequate resources for all services within missouri’s juvenile justice system.mjja’s goals are to:present a unified voice on juvenile justice issues
advocate and create liaisons among youth serving agencies and organizations through collaboration and cooperation
establish, promote, and provide technical assistance in the development and implementation of successful programming and treatment services to mjja members and those we train.
foster public awareness, support and involvement
work toward the prevention of child abuse and neglect and delinquency
improve professional skills of juvenile justice professionals
upcoming events
mjja lunchtime learning

mjja regularly holds free monthly lunchtime learning webinars that touch on topics most relevant to professionals in both juvenile justice and child welfare. view events calendar to see upcoming topics. 
view upcoming events →
spring conference 2025

check out our upcoming conference! mjja offers two statewide educational conferences annually; these conferences are widely recognized for providing “best practice” training on topics most relevant to professionals in both juvenile justice and child welfare.
register now →
golf fundraiser

come join us on fri, sep 19, 2025 at 8:30 am at the beautiful eagle knoll golf club for a day of fun and fundraising for mjja. don’t miss out on this fantastic opportunity to make a positive impact and have a blast on the golf course. sign up now and let’s tee off for kids!
learn more →






                                
                                important links
                            






about mjja




membership




resources




mjja events




stopred




making connections blog




media




contribute







notices





		        					job opportunities		        				




												january 31, 2025											





more notices
























about mjja mjja envisions a preferred future in which the public is aware and supportive of the delivery of quality juvenile justice services to the children of missouri.

 
make a tax-deductible gift

get in touch missouri juvenile justice association
308 east high street, suite 105
jefferson city, mo 65101
tel: (573) 616-1058
fax: (573) 616-2771






































