

vermiculite home page for information about vermiculite---a mineral with many uses










crude and expanded vermiculite





vermiculite




naturally occuring, safe, and plentiful





welcome to  the website about vermiculite





this site was designed as a basic introductory page on some of the technical characteristics of vermiculite.  we also have include a listing of many helpful web sites, and  hope you will launch from here to find out how vermiculite is used, how it is mined and processed, and how it is incorporated into many products.
essentially vermiculite is a member of the phyllosilicate group of minerals, resembling mica in appearance.  it is found in various parts of the world, but currently the major mines are located in south africa, china, brazil, zimbabwe, and the united states. the largest operating mines today are located in the palabora region of north-eastern transvaal in south africa, in the northwestern corners of china, and along the eastern appalachian range in the united states (virginia and south carolina). the vermiculite ores from these mines are different forms of hydrated phlogopite or biotite mica which has the remarkable ability of being able to expand to many times its original volume when heated---a property known as exfoliation.
from a geological perspective, almost all of the commercial vermiculite mines operating today work in deposits which were formed in pre-cambrian and archean deposits (1.5-3.0 billion years old). these are quite different from the former libby, montana deposit which was triassic in age (225 million years old). 





the palabora vermiculite mine


recently there has been a lot of confusion about vermiculite and asbestos.  recent newspaper articles, a 20/20 show,  national public radio, mccall's magazine, and newsweek, for instance,  have addressed problems at the former libby, montana mine which has been closed since 1990. these problems were very real, and continue to be a great concern to everyone affected---especially to the many miners and their families who worked in libby. 

current manufacturers of vermiculite have known about this problem for years, and have had their material checked for possible asbestos contamination. 
at the schundler company in new jersey, for instance, during an  inspection in early 2000, the federal environmental protection agency  tested vermiculite samples from  12 random piles of south african vermiculite,  and could not find any asbestos in any of the samples.  also during 2000, testing at the dillon, montana mine by msha found no asbestos fibers. the results of other testing will be posted as soon as the final reports are completed, but so far initial reports from the other operating mines in north america are looking very, very good! 
for more information, look at some of these pages:

  confusion about asbestos and vermiculite or


attic insulation concerns: 
good news and misleading warnings 

reports on the vermiculite mines currently being used by u.s. producers of expanded vermiculite


the february 2007 iom testing results on chinese vermiculite (in .pdf format)
the september 2006 iom (institute of occupational medicine) report on  "sampling and analysis of crude vermiculite samples for possible asbestiform content (september 2006)". "polarised light microscopy examinations did not detect any amphibole or chrysotile fibers present in any of the samples of vermiculite." and, "x-ray diffractometry of the august 2006 bulk materials detected no concentrations of crystalline silica present in the samples of vermiculite." (see  iom sampling and analysis of palabora ore--september 2006) the latest report
the august 2006 iom (institute of occupational medicine) report and certificate of analysis for fibre indentification in bulk material (august 2006). the report indicates "no asbestos type(s) present" in any of the samples tested. the bulk samples were taken from all of the commonly imported and expanded grades of palabora vermiculite. each report indicates "none detected".  (see  iom certificate of analysis / fibre identification in bulk material-august 2006)

 the latest report

the september 2005 iom testing results on palabora vermiculite (south african) (in .pdf format)
the february 2005 iom testing results on palabora vermiculite (south african) (in .pdf format) 
 the may 2005 testing results on palabora vermiculite (south african) delivered to the schundler company, may 2005 (in .pdf format)
the 2005 report on chinese (yuli/korla) fine grade vermiculite (in .pdf format)
the 2005 report on chinese (yuli/korla) medium grade vermiculite (in .pdf format)
the september 2004 iom testing results on palabora vermiculite (south african) (in .pdf format)
the december 2003 iom testing results on palabora vermiculite (south african) (in .pdf format)
 the august 2003 iom testing results on palabora vermiculite (south african) 
 the november 2002 iom testing results on palabora vermiculite (south african)
 the january 2002 iom testing results on palabora vermiculite (south african)
 the march 2000 epa report on schundler's south african vermiculite
 an overview of analytical testing of vermiculite from palabora, south africa
  the june 2001 epa report on south carolina and virgina vermiculite
 msha found no asbestos in dillon vermiculite mine samples
 certificate of analysis by iom on eucatex (brazilian) vermiculite
 rj leegroup report on the new ugandan vermiculite mine---june 3, 2002
 lakefield research limited report on hedman (canadian) vermiculite (december 24, 1996)

a link to w.r. grace's web site

government reports

 a review of the usepa report on consumer vermiculite by dr. eric chatfield --- new!
  the good news from epa 
  u.s. department of health and human services fact sheet--released sept. 16, 2001



news articles of interest to the vermiculite industry and customers

 the epa comes clean on asbestos by kimberley a. strassel (wall street journal)





for information about the many uses of vermiculite in horticulture, construction, and industrial applications, there are a number of helpful and useful web sites which you might want to peruse. having been in the vermiculite business for three generations, we believe the most complete site about the many uses of vermiculite is our own 165 page  web site at:


 the schundler company

on our site we have specific information about some traditional applications: 

basic vermiculite information and data--including more technical information and msds sheets.  

horticultural applications
swimming pool applications (vermiculite pool base and bottoms)

advantages of vermiculite  pool bottoms:

v+16, ultra mix and ultra  mix ii--compared to sand cement or grout mixes---the pro's and con's of using vermiculite pool base in vinyl liner pools
v+16, ultra mix and ultra mix ii  make sand pool bottoms obsolete---the pro's and con's of using vermiculite pool base compared to packed sand
a vinyl liner performance test in south florida---the ultimate test

construction notes:

a contractor's guide to how to mix and install a vermiculite pool bottom
coverage charts for using schundler v+16 or ultra mix in inground pools


industrial applications

 including pages on vermiculite used an absorbant, in textured paints, as a filler, etc. other uses include its use in brake linings, fiberglass reinforcement, and in composting.

construction applications


vermiculite lightweight, insulating concrete  including a summary of astm c-332, group i specifications.

perlite and vermiculite plaster ---lightweight, insulating fireproofing  (descriptions and specifications on both gypsum and cement plasters including summaries of astm c-35


classic 5 ld---direct to steel, cementitious fireproofing

vermiculite masonry fill

unusual, unique and unexpected uses of vermiculite 




vermiculite.com ---with helpful information about how to purchase smaller quantities of vermiculite.



other helpful sites about vermiculite include:

 the vermiculite association---
   the vermiculite association is an international association of vermiculite mining companies and expanders.  although not all mining companies and expanding companies belong to the vermiculite association (for instance, the schundler company is not a member), you can find the name of many manufacturers at this site and probably locate one near you!

the vermiculite association has responded to recent publicity about vermiculite. click here to see a copy of a letter written to the editor of the seattle post-intelligencer.

the united states geological survey publishes information about all minerals including vermiculite. look for this at: vermiculite statistics and information (published by the united states geological survey)

james hindman's vermiculite newsletter has an interesting technical article entitled: vermiculite as an industrial mineral  along with lots of other helpful information on his main web site james hindman's vermiculite newsletter.

the american vermiculite corporation's web site also carries basic information about vermiculite in general and south african vermiculite in particular. this company sells crude south african vermiculite throughout north america: american vermiculite company
the construction products division of w.r. grace and company has played a major role in the development of the vermiculite industry in north america. see 
  w. r. grace construction products division
stansbury holdings corporation is opening the newest vermiculite mine in north america. for pictures and information, see  stansbury holdings corporation
in australia,  australian vermiculite industries pty ltd. operates one of the only commercial vermiculite mines "down under". to see their mine and learn more about them, go to  australian vermiculite industries pty. ltd. 
the strong company has been a leader in developing new products and uses for vermiculite in the midwest. see   the strong company 
the vermiculite institute is a new association being formed among a number of companies in the vermiculite industry. keep posted for news and infomration about this group. see   the vermiculite institute 
 (we still are building this site....if you would like to suggest a site or recommend your own company, please let us know!)



good luck, and thank you for your interest in vermiculite!!





vermiculite: unexpanded, expanded and a single particle



typical chemical analysis



element


percent by weight




sio2


38-46




al2o3


10-16




mgo


16-35




cao


1-5




k2o


1-6




fe2o3


6-13




tio2


1-3




h2o 


8-16




other


0.2-1.2





 typical chemical formula: (mg,ca,k,fe11)3(si,al,fe111)4o10(oh)2o4h2o







typical physical properties





 color
 free moisture, maximum
 ph (of water slurry)
 specific gravity
 expanded bulk density (normal)
 mesh sizes (normal)
 fusion point
 specific heat
 thermal conductivity



gold-brown
0.5%
7.0-9.5
2.5
4-10 lb/ft3
  2-40 mesh and finer
2200-2400f
1.08 kj/kg.k
.27-.41 btu.in/h.ft2.f






 typical sizes, densities, and names
 of expanded vermiculite1



sizesdensitiesgrades or sizes

mminn/akg/cu mlb/cu ftu.s. systeminternational

165/8down56-723.5-4.5n/apremium (6)

85/16down64-854.0-5.01large (4)

45/32down72-904.5-5.52medium (3)

20.08down75-1124.7-7.03fine (2)

10.04down80-1445.0-9.04super fine (1)

0.50.02down90-1605.6-10.05micron (0)

notes:

these sizes and values are given for general information purposes only. all manufacturers do not necessarily produce all these grades, and many use  grades which may not conform to these specifications at all times.










the vermiculite institute  c/o the schundler company 150 whitman avenue,  edison, new jersey 08817
(ph)732-287-2244       (fax)       732-287-4185  
email: info@schundler.com

