











cardio partners
































 


who we are

our brands
contact

arch login

lifeshield logins

pm
                  admin login
pm coordinator login
retrieve
                  online course
retrieve
                  training certificate
help
                  desk











shop our brands:
aed.com

aedsuperstore

heartsmart

cpr source














empowering anation of lifesavers 
solutions to help increase the chance of survival during sudden cardiac arrest and other
          safety emergencies.
learn more 
contact us âŸ¶











for over 20 years businesses and communities of all sizes have trusted cardio
          partners' products and services to help empower bystanders to respond during an emergency. 
cardio partners is part of sarnova, a family of companies which leads specialty
          distribution of healthcare products across the continuum of care in the united states. 











our brands
cardio partners is a national leader in emergency prevention and an ardent advocate in the fight against sudden cardiac arrest, which claims more than 350,000 lives each year. from aed sales and repair services, program management, and cpr training, we cover all aspects of cardiac emergency preparedness.












let's make a hero out of you.
aed.comshop












your one-stop-shop for aeds.
aedsuperstore.comshop












creating a safer community.
heartsmart.comshop












your source for learning life-saving skills.
cprsource.comshop













authorized master distributor of fda-approved aeds
cardio partners offers fda- approved aed machines from the major manufacturers
          including: cardiac science, defibtech, heartsine, philips, physio-control, stryker, and zoll.






































cpr & aed certification
cardio partners is an american red cross and american heart association nationwide training center,
            offering a full line of emergency response training courses for both lay rescuers and healthcare providers.
          request more information












explore our capabilities
 no matter the size of your business, we're here to help find the best solution to
          keep your employees, staff, guests and customers safe.






aed program management 
manage aeds, product expiration dates, and cpr training records with ease.


bleeding control solutions
premium bleeding control kits, training and supplies to help stop traumatic bleeding
              until ems arrives.


 service and repairs
in-house preventative maintenance and repair for critical life-saving equipment.












need to login to arch or lifeshield?
          click on your purchased aed management tool to gain access. 


arch
            login


lifeshield logins

pm admin
              login
pm
              coordinator login
retrieve
              online course
retrieve
              training certificate
help desk













our satisfied customers
we specialize in partnering with nationwide, multi-site organizations for their
          training, aed, and first aid needs. 

















































cardio partners is a national leader in providing emergency preparedness solutions for public access.
we offer a proven and complete suite of products and services to take on the heavy lifting and provide you with an end-to-end solution for bystander emergency response.






customization
custom aed and safety packages to meet your needs.





scalability
accommodating aed deployments from 1-3000+ aeds.





consistency
fixed payment programs to fit
 your budget.
















helping you save lives for over 20 years. 
products and services to help empower bystanders to respond during an emergency. cardio partnerswatch





about

code
                      of conduct
help desk
join our team
newsroom
who we are



our brands

aed.com
aedsuperstore
heartsmart
cpr source




contact us
or learn more











â© 2025 copyright cardio partners. all rights reserved

terms and conditionsprivacy policy














request additional information on cpr
most classes are offered in your choice of a traditional classroom setting
            or blended online learning and classroom session. view certification help center here or fill out the form to
            be contacted.
















  

