






light for israel – "the entrance of thy words giveth light." psalm 119:130


































 







 


						light for israel: hebrew scriptures for the jewish world					




 





menu








 
 

digital scriptorium

bible facts
origins of bible


request printed copy
donate
torah portions
 




hebrew scriptures for the jewish worlddownload a bible(digital scriptorium)request a free, high-quality printed bible

 




 


				core values


					god gave the holy scriptures to man as the one true source of light.  he chose jewish writers as the instrument to pen his word and to carefully preserve it down through the centuries.  the hebrew heritage of the word of god is real, and a great debt is owed to the jewish people for this most precious gift.  out of gratitude to them, light for israel, along with the society for distributing hebrew scriptures (sdhs) exists to provide jewish people worldwide with a free copy of the holy scriptures in bilingual format, i.e. in hebrew and in the reader’s daily tongue.				





 



				scriptorium


					digital scriptorium of bi-lingual hebrew scriptures				




 


				bible purpose


					the bible was written by around forty different people from different backgrounds, from kings, prophets, and writers to fishermen, shepherds, and prisoners during a period of 1,600 years or about forty generations				





 



				bible facts


					the bible was written by around forty different people from different backgrounds, from kings, prophets, and writers to fishermen, shepherds, and prisoners during a period of 1,600 years or about forty generations				

  "the entrance of thy words giveth light." - psalm 119:130hebrew scriptureswe have 12 different language combinations to choose from.



the tanakh 





hebrew/ englishhebrew /frenchhebrew /germanhebrew /hungarianhebrew /portuguesehebrew /russianhebrew /spanish hebrew /yiddish 






new testaments (list 1) 





hebrew /arabichebrew /dutchhebrew /englishhebrew /frenchhebrew /germanhebrew /hungarian 






new testaments (list 2) 





hebrew /italianhebrew /portuguesehebrew /romanianhebrew /russianhebrew /spanishhebrew /yiddish 


   "the entrance of thy words giveth light." psalm 119:130 



get in touch 







 

 




 
send message




 
 






light for israel
p.o. box 547
central, sc 29630843-790-7010 













							copyright light for israel					


 
 















