




iris's corner – teaching, learning, and living in the moment






































		skip to content	



iris's corner

			teaching, learning, and living in the moment		




menu					 
close					 


blog
about
autism teachers must-have links
rainbow friends: additional resources
 






our 10 favorite french children’s songs- playlist included!

on my instagram i featured my son and i’s top 5 children french songs that he is really in to currently. my son adores music, so it was really hard to pick just 5. in this post, i’m going to feature the same 5 songs in addition to 5 more songs along with lyrics and… continue reading our 10 favorite french children’s songs- playlist included!


published february 24, 2021categorized as general  



5 helpful french language learning resources

below are some wonderful resources that have been invaluable to teaching my son the french language. if anyone has different resources that have been helpful in their bilingual journey, please share below!


published february 18, 2021categorized as general  



winter clothing vocab: book +real objects + art activity

in the home, i like to follow a combination of montessori, child-led, and open-ended play approach to encourage independence and imagination. but, winter + pandemic= no where to go! so, i’ve made a list of more parent-led activities that include all sorts of experiences such as literature, language, sensory, art, cooking and more. i set… continue reading winter clothing vocab: book +real objects + art activity


published january 28, 2021categorized as general  



my journey attempting bilingual education at home

for this blog, my goal is to show snapshots of myself, a semi-proficient bilingual person, teaching my toddler son to speak french. just fyi: i’m not formally trained as a french teacher, but i am in early childhood special education with a minor in french. i’m here to put out some fun and effective language… continue reading my journey attempting bilingual education at home


published january 28, 2021categorized as general  



starting motherhood

well, it’s been 6 years since i started iris’s corner. i did just that, start it. when i first thought about starting a blog, i had so many ideas. i thought of creating a resource website for special education teachers, a traveling review blog, a place to feature some of my photography, and much more.… continue reading starting motherhood


published october 27, 2019categorized as general  



awesome autism+ 100 ways to praise

check out jake, the 13-year-old math prodigy with autism on “60 minutes.” this is a prime example that anything is possible with autism.  jake is a rare case, with this being said all children with autism have a talent or as i once heard someone say a “super power.” http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ivorebdgztw also, here are some fresh… continue reading awesome autism+ 100 ways to praise


published november 9, 2013categorized as general  



my awesome students with autism: day 1.

first day of teaching in a classroom for children with autism. one word: busy.  my class is 5 students, all have significant educational needs, and two have issues with working at the table.  so far lots of prompting and changing of the schedule.  i learned one important lesson that day: my flexibility is key in… continue reading my awesome students with autism: day 1.


published august 19, 2013categorized as general  






search…



topics

general




recent posts


our 10 favorite french children’s songs- playlist included!


5 helpful french language learning resources


winter clothing vocab: book +real objects + art activity


my journey attempting bilingual education at home


starting motherhood


recent comments 






				proudly powered by wordpress.			



 



