







the brain wave centers











































































 


skip to content



























 
services brain wave assessments neurofeedback training emdr – trauma release prtms psychological assessments, testing & diagnosis functional nutritionresearchabout uscontact uslogin to client portalfree discovery call








 




















balance your brain, transform your life






functional medicine & holistic mental health care







schedule a free discovery call



















unleashing your mind's potential - holistic mental health care powered by  innovative brain mapping






transformative mental health care with a holistic touch.
utilizing cutting-edge brain mapping technology, we delve deep to understand your individual needs and pinpoint the root causes of your challenges. cultivate mental clarity, emotional balance, and holistic vitality. unleash your potential and embrace lasting fulfillment in every aspect of your life.

















who we can help







add/adhd (attention deficit hyperactivity disorder)
anxiety
attention/focus issues
autism spectrum disorder (asd)
brain fog
concussion symptoms
depression
learning delay/disability
memory
migraines
obsessive-compulsive disorder (ocd)
sleep issues
speech
trauma/ptsd (post-traumatic stress disorder)
traumatic brain injury tbi

































how do i change my brain?






a qeeg brain mapping center, where cutting-edge technology meets personalized care. our qeeg brain map, also known as our brain wave assessment, identifies your unique brain wave patterns.







discover what your brain is saying



















empowering children to overcome cognitive and behavioral obstacles






at the brain wave center, we have extensive experience working with children ages 4 and up who have add/adhd, anxiety, autism, transition difficulties, mood swings, depression, trauma, attention & focus difficulties, learning disabilities and developmental delays.







learn more!



























 


 



















gut health and your brain






our brain and our gut are intimately connected. if our gut microbiome is out of balance, even eating ‘healthy foods’ can result in poor nutrition and symptoms such as brain fog, memory issues, fatigue, bloating, gas, etc.








did you know?95% of the body’s serotonin,  the “happy” neurotransmitter,  is made in the gut?  
the gut is now called “the second brain” because of how it influences mood, brain function, and our behavior.
 
 





























how can i get started?






our comprehensive approach involves evaluating brain wave health to uncover any dysregulation contributing to your symptoms. by understanding your brain's dynamics, we can offer tailored solutions to foster fulfillment and happiness.













step 1schedule a free 15 minute discovery call.  
not sure if we’re a good fit? talk with a friendly staff member to ensure our services align with your needs, saving you valuable time and effort while ensuring a seamless fit.
 
 











step 2schedule an intake and brain wave assessment. 
for personalized and exceptional care, your journey begins with a consultation led by our functional doctor. this session is dedicated to understanding your concerns, goals, and unique circumstances. 
 
 











step 3get started! 
following your brain wave assessment, you'll receive individualized guidance from our doctor, outlining the necessary steps to achieve your desired outcomes. 
 
 












schedule your free discovery call now!



















testimonials from our valued clients















my son jayden was diagnosed with autism at the age of four. since then, we have been doing speech and occupational therapy, but he also needed help focusing and concentrating.since he started coming to the brain wave center he can focus more, his speech has improved, and it has not been long.i can only imagine with time what else can be improved. 

maria reyes madrid, jayden’s mom 







heartfelt thanks to the trustworthy and brilliant team at the brain wave center. i am feeling better, functioning at a higher level, and being more productive than i have in years thanks to your neurofeedback and brain training! i highly recommend it to anyone who wants to gain better mental clarity and the ability to concentrate. being able to focus on my career and healthy habits has improved my mood and sense of well-being. 

leslie h.s. 







since working with the brain wave center my son’s grades and temperament have greatly improved.adhd symptoms have been reduced. 

jen g. happy mom. 







neurofeedback has worked so well for our adopted child that suffers from childhood traumas that both my husband and i have started using the training as well. 

sue c. 
















 


































the brain wave center
640 s washington blvd suite 150,
sarasota, fl 34236
open: monday through friday
closed: saturday and sunday
please note that we are closed on most federal holidays
for more information or to schedule an appointment, please call (941) 552-4500





















good faith estimate












about us






we are a dedicated team of doctors, psychologists, technicians, and advisors offering nationally and internationally recognized innovations in brain health for a better you.







the brain wave center does not treat psychiatric emergencies such as suicidal ideation, delusional states, mania, schizophrenia, or life threatening depression.
please seek care at a psychiatric hospital or with a mental health care professional.

















© 2025 the brain wave center | sarasota fl. all rights reserved.
this website is intended solely for informational and educational purposes. the content provided herein should not be construed as the provision of healthcare advice or treatment recommendations. visiting this website does not establish a professional relationship with our center. the information presented on this site has not undergone evaluation by the food and drug administration (fda) and is not designed to offer treatment, diagnosis, or cure for any disease.









 

















