


brain-surgery with spoons




















    
	brain-surgery with spoons
	
  
when you gotta leave the delicate niceties for a moment, and carve out a new job, a new life or your parietal lobe! scraping extremism off the memes of today, one spoon at a time!

mp3 recordings: parodies, satires and serious!
-karridine-







sunday, december 13, 2015



	 
	 we waited 6,000 years for wordpress
	 
    


okay, okay, 6,000 years of recorded history was not waiting just for wordpress, but wp today is part of the long-awaited day of at one ment... let me explain...

the first records, way back when, were made by poking a v-shaped stick into damp slabs of clay, writing the message in wedge-form (cuneiform) and setting the clay out to bake in the sun. since the human world was run by kings and priests back then, learning the sacred magic of clay-writing was a highly-prized job... among the priestly acolytes and would-be trainees...

technical advances to recording the word (in the beginning was the word, and the word was with god, and the word was god) led to dyes (ink) on cleaned sheepskin (parchment) and the records expanded from the warehouse-deposit clay-bricks to encompass the dreams and visions of seers, men who prayed, meditated and thought they were given a glimpse of humankind's future. oh, and while we're here, our brains can be considered computing hardware and the word is analogous to computing software. the word is important because it serves as the opposable thumb to the fingers of the brain. you can grasp that, can't you?

without software the brain is nearly useless... but by the same token, running garbage software in even the best of brains can only result in garbage outcomes... more on this later, now back to the long walk to 1844...

centuries passed, with a slowly growing cadre of writers copying tomes by hand, laboring year after year in a labor of love that preserved the observations, opinions, visions and fears of a small number of men through the years... and a creative minority of women, not because women were less capable than men, but because men ran the world, and did not allow or encourage women to learn, grow... create!

paper came into being and gutenberg created his version of a moveable-type printing press less than 60 years after koreans created their moveable-type press... but gutenberg's had much more impact than the efforts of the hermit kingdom... in this way gutenberg's primitive press created christian bibles incredibly faster than the time needed to hand-write (and illuminate) similar books.

handwriting and calligraphy grew and flourished in the hands of more and more people, but reading, writing and arithmetic were still restricted to the kingly caste and the local ecclesiastics... clergy. yes, there was a growing middle class, especially after several plagues spread through europe and wiped out 1/5th to 1/4th most populations... suddenly the 'peasants' could demand -and get- decent wages for their labor, because the 'nobles' had little choice: pay or let crops rot, pay or let buildings crumble... the plagues had wiped out labor and craftsmen, alike, and the 'rabble' seized thier chance to improve their lot.

and all this continued until the early 1800's, until the year 1844, in fact. from the iraqi-mesopotamian clay tablets through the egyptian and chinese parchments and up to the 1800's news, good or bad, traveled no faster than the speed of horse. yes, there were single-purpose systems like the mountain-top signal-fires of the koreans, but it's only message was 'the huns are coming!'

then, may 23, 1844, samuel f.b.morse initiated the digital age with his message, from the old testament (numbers 23:23) that was publicly transmitted over miles, by using electricity (at almost the speed of light) to send whatever words the sender wanted to share with the recipient. an auspicious start of the digital age, but we still had no idea of wordpress or its powerful contribution to the global conversation.

after telephone, radio, radio-telephone, tv and thousands of other devices and creations were brought into being and cable was stretched over millions of miles, we looked up one day and saw the internet, the interwebs, this collection of electronic 'pipes' that carried the water of life out to thousands, then hundreds of thousands, then hundreds of millions and today to billions of other humans, sharing the word that we find in our minds and hearts, as we seek to claim our inheritance, because we are not kings, rulers or clergy, we are the meek, and we have been promised our unheritance of the 'earth' of control over our own lives.

enter wordpress, a software creation designed to pave the way and straighten the path for humans who want to share the word with their fellow humans. even in its first iteration, 1.0, wordpress was easier to install, easier to use and easier to tweak for individual wants and needs, than any of the other possible alternatives available in 2004. this, however, is a story unto itself and better documented elsewhere.

today humankind finds itself recognizing that there is still a tiny minority of humans who consider themselves 'elite', who consider themselves 'above the rest' (of us) and feel they have the right and responsibility to govern we, the people, around the world even today. they are running thought patterns, word-programs that contain basic flaws, flaws which doom them to failure in their quest for world domination... why? because the oneness of humankind is a given, a scientific reality, based on observation, dna, and the most recent revelation from that-which-created-us.

it may seem like hyperbole to place wordpress on the same level, the same impact as gutenbers's flat bed printing press, but see for yourself, because there are currently 74,652,825 sites around the world (give or take two or three) using -no, depending on- wordpress... and that is no small, piddling number of users. seventy-five million meek, non-noble people sharing their unique gifts with the world, each in their own unique way, by using the simplicity and power of wordpress. 

and while we're on the subject of installing and tweaking, please recall what happened when supercalc led to lotus 1-2-3... within months of lotus' release for use on the 4.77mhz cpu computers of its day (that's slow, young readers, and made slower by needing floppy disks as ram) it was twisted into functions that had never been foreseen or imagined by its creators... logical, functional and very real, practical uses, but astonishingly creative nevertheless. 

this tweaking, this molding and reshaping and perverting and subverting is what happens when human meets opportunity, 'i see the power, so i want it to do this!' a little honing of the valves, adding a blower on the carburetors, fitting a better timing chain and presto! a hot-rod of supreme coolth! in like manner, users pushed lotus 1-2-3 into a database, data-entry fujnction; used macros to record keystrokes and automate complex operations and even show primitive movies or play games!

this human gift for modifying something good into something better cvame to a very positive expression in wordpress, in no small part due to its addition of one powerful ingredient: public access to the code, allowing tweakers with vision and some tech skills to create this or that and release their creation into the cyber space for free... or for profit, their choice.

don't misunderstand, here, nothing is wrong with wordpress and it is because of wordpress's core integrity and robust framework that so much personal customizing is possible. essentially wp is solid, strong and flexible enough to withstand 'the slings and arrows of outrageous misfortune' and still deliver quality, post after post, week after week, month after month and year after year.

so although we waited 6,000 years for the appearance of the promised one of all ages, his coming may 23, 1844 (yup, digital age day) halfway around the world away from the morse code display, he was only recognized by a few humans at first, and none of them were waiting for wordpress! they carried the good news in their hearts, their minds and their martyrdom. 


is it necessary to be martyred in 2016 for the growth of wordpress? wow, i hope not! just share the good news for this day with family, friends and acquaintances, time after time, on our wordpress blogs and store-fronts and resource-management systems... tweaked now into thousands and thousands of unique-on-the-outside/wp-engine-under-the-hood on the inside websites. it is an elegant, functional and solid system for sharing the word with other humans, moving toward the inevitable world peace that will soon be apparent to all humans.

and what better than sharing positive, uplifting words, reports, trends and insights with our fellow humans? isn't this 'changing the world'? isn't this 'being what we want to become'? 

is this not a worthy gift to humanity? 




  





posted by karridine at 00:45
0 comments






sunday, january 04, 2015




found a video for surgeons, cosmetic surgeons and other doctors who want to serve more people and earn more income.







posted by karridine at 04:05
0 comments






monday, december 01, 2014



	 
	 a unique view of 'comfort women'
	 
    


why am i qualified to make a small statement about 'korean comfort women'?

possibly because i was in korea 1965-68, and possibly because... well, let me share my story.

at 17 i enlisted regular army, wanting to honor america and honor my father's korean wartime service as well, and most importantly to keep me out of vietnam, which in 1964 at the time of my enlistment, was heating up somewhat.

my gamble when i enlisted for 4 years instead of the normal 3, was that i would not qualify for language training at defense language institute, monterey, calif. i did qualify, however, and went on to graduate in late september '65, at the top... of the bottom half of my class, which meant that the 'smart' guys went to seoul and us 'dumb' guys went out onto the mountain tops and danger spots on the korean dmz proper.

what also made my time in korea far out of the ordinary was my faith in christ's return in the glory of god, baha'u'llah (google 'may 23, 1844) this meant, among other things, that i had extended 'family' in seoul, decent god-fearing people who weren't beer-guzzling gis. 

after 11 months in the korean-language learning process, i deplaned at kimp'o airport, reported to hq, and quickly learned that i could neither speak korean nor understand the vernacular.

why? because our teachers at the dli were multi-lingual, college-educated koreans who taught us- and required that we speak- high formal, courteous korean... almost none of which was ever spoken on the street.

that first day for me in-country went something like this: "prithee, good madame, couldst thou but direct me to the terminus wherein reside the self-driving autobuses, methinks i would be muchly obliged...' at which the food-seller broke into gut-clutching laughter, turned to the man beside her, and said, 'i think he wants the bus station!'

so began approximately 9 more months of daily study and practice, in addition to the 8-12 hours of work required as part of my army job. i was cleared for top secret codeword, and worked on an island on the korean dmz, so you know i did more than wash dishes up on our mountain top, 400 meters across the han river estuary from communist north korea.

in 1966, while on pass from the island, and being on the mainland, i do recall speaking with an older korean who mentioned japanese atrocities against the korean people, and may have implied 'comfort women' forced into sexual service, but i never heard a figure like 200,000 people.

remember, korea was occupied and owned like a colony, for years, prior to world war ii, when the defeat of imperial japan freed the koreans. those years of occupation created some seriously bad and long-term resentment, naturally enough, as koreans were treated like servants, slaves and in some cases like animals.

and yet, to speak concisely, although korean sentiment in the mid-to-late 1960's ran deeply anti-japanese, there was little talk of organized recruitment or abduction of korean women for sexual slavery purposes.

attribute the silence to shame? perhaps, but the reality in 1965-68 was that while 98% of korean women would rather die than accept sex partners for pay, there were thousands who engaged in the comfort-for-hire and sent money home every month to younger brothers (for school), parents (to stay alive or prosper) and a few stashed money in the bank.

korea, in '65 was, after all, just barely out of a horrific war with north koreans, who were themselves supported by russian tanks and chinese soldiers. the hills around the dmz were still, after 12 years, denuded and bare of all but tiny shrubs and flowers. the roads were 14 inches of talcum-fine red clay powder in the summer and 14 inches of red, slick mud in the winter.

electricity usually went through the night in seoul, but not much elsewhere. seoul had blacktop, but a lot of that had been torn up, piece by piece every year, by koreans burning it to stay warm through the sub-siberian winters in korea. in a word, it was a very difficult time in korea's recent history, and i am loathe to criticize and find fault with women who, during the war, were pre-teens trying to stay alive in the murderous mayhem roaring around them.

so if you want to hear only of the japanese 'comfort women' disinformation being peddled today, that's it. i didn't have more than that.

the 'comfort women' of my time, after the korean war ground to a cease-fire, was a little more detailed, varied and interesting, and i may share that here, if there is enough interest shown in the comments below.








labels: korea circa 1965, korean comfort women, post-war korea



posted by karridine at 03:08
1 comments






monday, august 18, 2014



	 
	 which kitchen do you prefer? 
	 
    


                                



i know which is my style here, but before i state something and blur your feelings, please share which of these you prefer, just by looking. these are from 3 properties on koh samui island, thailand, owned by one family who are hit with a deadline and need to liquidate these beauties asap (by the end of the month, even if you only want to put down a few points as earnest deposit.


which kitchen strikes your fancy?




posted by karridine at 09:14
0 comments






sunday, april 13, 2014



	 
	 learn anatomy at home to pass any anatomy exam for professionals
	 
    


with the cost of college these days just a ball-and-chain enslaving nearly all new graduates, bright students who want careers as paramedic, physician assistant, nurse, doctor of chiropractic, doctor of naturopathy, trainer or sports professional, physical injury law attorney, researcher or anatomist, artist or medical doctor, are getting that they can learn at home! teamworx' commitment to supporting health and wellness, as well as preparing students for the national and state-level exams with the best advances in trauma-surgery-and-drugs, leads frequently to 'cutting edge' solutions to problems students face, patients and practitioners (and student-practitioners who want to study for a license) in order to take health and healing to the infirm and dis-eased among humankind, as quickly as possible.teaming with dr james ross, teamworx proudly presents a home-study program for students who need to study anatomy and learn it, at home, quickly and effectively. dr ross has put together an outstandingly effective and easily affordable home-study course for anatomy students so they can pass today's rigorous certification tests with confidence and ease. whether physical injury law attorney, researcher or anatomist, medical artist or medical doctor, paramedics, physicians assistants, nurses, doctor of chiropractic, doctor of naturopathy, trainer or sports professional, more and more students have only praise for dr ross' study material, which teamworx is pleased to offer here: http://tinyurl.com/mbhczeudr ross' software gives student learning tools, video training, premium training, and advanced training, which enable users to obtain benefits in their studies. it contains a step-by-step pdf e-book and a comprehensive system of anatomical study from a-z. additionally, the software guides the users on how to study for anatomy tests and remember what they are learning; plus valuable tips in video tutorials. whether students study to pass tests, exams or licensing requirements (dc, doctor of chiropractic; nd, naturopathic doctor; or paramedic, trainer or injury lawyer, this course compresses thousands of dollars worth of study into an easily-learned format that helps students get and keep the factual realities of gross (large, not-cellular) anatomy and the physiology that occurs when the human body actually functions.getting an ironclad, 60-day guarantee this is an excellent choice for art students, health-wellness students, accident students or medicine-trauma students, to assist school studies, examination studies or study at home.for readers wanting a look at the strengths and balance of this learning system, and the official website, here is your anatomy course: http://tinyurl.com/mbhczeuabout teamworx, inc.this online company made its mark since 2008, and incorporated in 2012 in washington state, providing clients with google page one visibility and b2b accessibility and reputation management online. headquartered at 2080 beeville loop, matlock wa 98560, usa and 1112 chuan chom, lahd prao 101, bangkok thailand 10240labels: anatomy exam, learn anatomy, paramedic exam



posted by karridine at 04:49
1 comments









	 
	 learn anatomy at home
	 
    


students of chiropractic, medicine or healing can learn anatomy at home and pass any formal exam for licensing.about teamworx, inc.this online company made its mark since 2008, and incorporated in 2012 in washington state, providing clients with google page one visibility and b2b accessibility and reputation management online. headquartered at 2080 beeville loop, matlock wa 98560, usa and 1112 chuan chom, lahd prao 101, bangkok thailand 10240 http://www.delicious.com/karridine/passlabels: pass anatomy exam, pass licensing exam



posted by karridine at 04:49
0 comments









	 
	 pass any anatomy exam
	 
    


students of medicine, chiropractic or health learn anatomy cheaply at home and pass any formal exam for licensing.about teamworx, inc.this online company made its mark since 2008, and incorporated in 2012 in washington state, providing clients with google page one visibility and b2b accessibility and reputation management online. headquartered at 2080 beeville loop, matlock wa 98560, usa and 1112 chuan chom, lahd prao 101, bangkok thailand 10240 http://www.delicious.com/karridine/paramediclabels: chiropractor, doctor, exams, healer, paramedic



posted by karridine at 04:49
0 comments









	 
	 learn anatomy quickly without college costs
	 
    


with the cost of college these days just a ball-and-chain enslaving nearly all new graduates, bright students who want careers as paramedic, physician assistant, nurse, doctor of chiropractic, doctor of naturopathy, trainer or sports professional, physical injury law attorney, researcher or anatomist, artist or medical doctor, are getting that they can learn at home! teamworx' commitment to supporting health and wellness, as well as preparing students for the national and state-level exams with the best advances in trauma-surgery-and-drugs, leads frequently to 'cutting edge' solutions to problems students face, patients and practitioners (and student-practitioners who want to study for a license) in order to take health and healing to the infirm and dis-eased among humankind, as quickly as possible.teaming with dr james ross, teamworx proudly presents a home-study program for students who need to study anatomy and learn it, at home, quickly and effectively. dr ross has put together an outstandingly effective and easily affordable home-study course for anatomy students so they can pass today's rigorous certification tests with confidence and ease. whether physical injury law attorney, researcher or anatomist, medical artist or medical doctor, paramedics, physicians assistants, nurses, doctor of chiropractic, doctor of naturopathy, trainer or sports professional, more and more students have only praise for dr ross' study material, which teamworx is pleased to offer here: http://tinyurl.com/mbhczeudr ross' software gives student learning tools, video training, premium training, and advanced training, which enable users to obtain benefits in their studies. it contains a step-by-step pdf e-book and a comprehensive system of anatomical study from a-z. additionally, the software guides the users on how to study for anatomy tests and remember what they are learning; plus valuable tips in video tutorials. whether students study to pass tests, exams or licensing requirements (dc, doctor of chiropractic; nd, naturopathic doctor; or paramedic, trainer or injury lawyer, this course compresses thousands of dollars worth of study into an easily-learned format that helps students get and keep the factual realities of gross (large, not-cellular) anatomy and the physiology that occurs when the human body actually functions.getting an ironclad, 60-day guarantee this is an excellent choice for art students, health-wellness students, accident students or medicine-trauma students, to assist school studies, examination studies or study at home.for readers wanting a look at the strengths and balance of this learning system, and the official website, here is your anatomy course: http://tinyurl.com/mbhczeuabout teamworx, inc.this online company made its mark since 2008, and incorporated in 2012 in washington state, providing clients with google page one visibility and b2b accessibility and reputation management online. headquartered at 2080 beeville loop, matlock wa 98560, usa and 1112 chuan chom, lahd prao 101, bangkok thailand 10240labels: learn anatomy at home, study for anatomy exams



posted by karridine at 04:48
0 comments











about me

name:  karridine 
location:  bangkok, thailand 
a libertarian, dedicated to the glory of god; near-rabid believer in the essential goodness of america!
view my complete profile

links

google news
generous george
more blogs about karridine.

previous posts

we waited 6,000 years for wordpress
found a video for surgeons, cosmetic surgeons and ...
a unique view of 'comfort women'
which kitchen do you prefer?
learn anatomy at home to pass any anatomy exam for...
learn anatomy at home
pass any anatomy exam
learn anatomy quickly without college costs
still on a slow boil
day 20 - vote - violence - veracity

archives

february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
february 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
september 2007
november 2007
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
july 2008
august 2008
november 2008
december 2008
january 2009
march 2009
november 2009
march 2010
may 2010
december 2013
january 2014
february 2014
april 2014
august 2014
december 2014
january 2015
december 2015





karridine.




 



