


home - national woodie club



























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top









member loginmenuhomethe clubthe club  about us benefits of membership join the club! contact ushistory club history will o'neil awardchapters  central valley log riders san diego santa barbara santa cruz southern california southwest town & country yankee woodevents & calendar calendar upcoming events national meet chapter events past national meetswoodie times  sample featured articlewoodies  what is a woodie? web classifieds print classifiedsgiving donations nwc scholarship contest nwc foundation shop












sorry - your brower cannot play this file type. you can download the video here instead. 

the woodie is a special kind of car,
that deserves special recognition.
play / pause
music by little kahuna
sound

the woodie times



the woodie times is our flagship monthly publication. it is packed with interesting articles, tech tips, event news, and much more!


read
our mission
the national woodie club exists to promote interest in woodies; to educate owners and the public on their history, beauty, usefulness and uniqueness; and to provide an association through which woodie owners and enthusiasts may exchange information on history, building, restoration, preservation, or modification techniques and share experiences.

join the club!

belong to the largest group of woodie owners
receive the nwc woodie times, award winning magazine
free classified ads in the magazine and on the website
full coverage of all nwc chapter events in the woodie times
access to a searchable nwc database for members and cars

join today!

upcoming eventsupcoming eventsfacebook feednationalwoodieclubpatience is a virtue for a truck-based 1949 chevrolet


this story begins in july of 1977 in vermont. i was a 19-year-old on vacation with my girlfriend cindy and her family.

they had rented a cottage near ludlow, and i was invited to come along. it was a beautiful summer day and we decided to go to a local farm stand to get some fruit and vegetables. while driving to the farm stand, we passed a field where an old woodie was parked in the middle. i didn’t really take notice of it until we were on the way back to the cottage. i could then see that it was an old woodie. i thought how cool is that!

the next day i was still thinking about that woodie, and i said i wanted to take a closer look at it.

we drove back to the field and i looked around to find the farmer’s house. i did not want to be trespassing on someone’s land. there was a house about 500 yards down a dirt road, and i assumed it must be the farmer’s house.
read





insert a link hereinsert a link hereinsert a link hereinsert a link hereinsert a link hereinsert a link hereinsert a link hereinsert a link here




home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









