

 gavi | the global alliance for vaccines and immunization








map | a partnership for children's health

search: 




| advanced search









general information
 country support
 board
 task forces
 resources
 media center
 
























3rd gavi partners' meeting - 
presentations










 
how youcan help... 





















quick reference:




what is gavi?

fact sheets

governance

board documents

guidelines 


press releases

immunization information
immunization forum
latest issue

gavi update

glossary

employment



























press releases | 
updates | 
immunization forum | 
recent developments | 
in the news | 
events







impact of the gavi alliance

latest updates on 
commitments to countries and a summary of selected 
results of investments.





country proposals

approved 
country proposals are available for download.go 
here to download proposal forms and guidelines





country monitoring reports

available country 
progress reports, 
financial sustainability plans, and 
data quality audits can be found here
in the news

state of the world's children 2006: 'excluded and invisible '
14 december 2005
- unicef has issued a sweeping assessment of the world's most
vulnerable children. reaching these children, who are growing up beyond
the reach of development campaigns and outside of the world's view, is
key to any lasting progress in the fight against poverty. 
report and 
press release (unicef)

the hib initiative – taking action to prevent childhood pneumonia & meningitis
8 december 2005
- the first global initiative to reduce death and disability from haemophilus influenzae type b (hib) disease, a major threat to child health worldwide, was launched at the gavi alliance partners’ meeting in india
read more

gavi press releases
 expanded immunization could save 10 million lives in decade
9 december 2005- immunization
experts say ten million additional lives could be saved through child
and maternal immunization between 2006-2015 at an average annual cost
of us $1 billion, according to a new study by the world health
organization (who) and unicef. 
read more
new vaccines fight ancient foes
8 december 2005
- disease experts from around the world are gathering
this week in new delhi to consider the impact of innovations in
vaccine science that potentially could prevent millions of needless
deaths.
read more
prime minister of india opens two-day meeting
7 december 2005
- speaking with passion on the potential of vaccines to prevent the
deaths of millions of the world's poorest children, indian prime
minister dr. manmohan singh opened the 3rd gavi partners' meeting in
new delhi.
read more | 
speech
norway increases immunization support, joins international finance facility for immunization7 december 2005
- the prime minister of norway, jens stoltenberg, announced that norway
will boost its annual support to the gavi alliance, bringing norway’s
total support for global immunization to 6.5 billion kroner.  he also announced that
norway will be joining the international finance facility for
immunization (iffim).
read more | 
speech

vaccine experts announce injection safety progress7 december 2005
- at an international vaccine meeting in new delhi, the gavi alliance
announced that it and its partners have distributed more than 1.2
billion auto-disable (ad) syringes, protecting millions of children
from blood-borne pathogens.
read more

events
 
3rd gavi partners' meeting7 - 9 december 2005
- new dehli - with unparalleled donor support through traditional
funding and innovative mechanisms such as the iffim, the alliance must
continue to show that immunization is a powerful tool in the fight
against poverty. the partners’ meeting provides a collaborative forum
critical to gavi's future progress, and will also mark the launch of
gavi phase 2, which will combine past best practices with
groundbreaking programmes geared to strengthen health systems and reach
more children with vaccines. 
read more
copenhagen
panel on key challenges for global health partnerships14 march 2006
- global health partnerships increasingly strive to align development
efforts with national health systems. this panel will review key
opportunities and challenges for global health partnerships from donor,
partnership, recipient country and health professional perspectives. 
read more

recent developments
gavi/vaccine fund 2004 annual reportthe
2004 annual report summarizes the main achievements of the gavi
alliance. includes audited financial statements for the vaccine fund. 
pdf - 4800k
16th gavi board meetingafter
five years, gavi is now looking to 'phase 2', or the next 10 years.
many past decisions and policies will remain in effect, but some will
be modified, and new policies created, based on experience. at its
recent meeting in paris, the gavi board reviewed lessons learned and
started to shape gavi's future. 
executive summary | 
presentations and 
documents 
new joint gavi/vaccine fund principlesthe
gavi and vaccine fund boards have both approved a set of over-arching
principles to guide programmatic funding decisions in phase 2. 
read more
evaluation of the data quality audit (dqa) in the who bulletinexamining
dqa results for 27 countries, who researchers have concluded that the
dqa is a valuable tool - delivering a timely assessment of immunization
monitoring systems that highlights areas in need of improvement. abstract ( 
who website) | full report ( 
pdf - 224k) | 
dqa information 
evaluation of gavi immunization services support (iss) fundinga
study conducted by abt associates on the revolutionary
performance-based funding programme that provides untied resources to
developing country health systems.
read more

updates on the gavi alliance
current commitments | 
outcomes | 
gavi work plan | 
country profiles 








immunization forum - november 2004 
en francais 







vvm uptake: accelerating in international markets but lagging behind in domestic markets 





japanese encephalitis: an orphan disease comes of age 





gavi awards for top-performing countries 





new data on the introduction of vaccine
vial monitors (vvms) - which are designed to prevent the use of
heat-damaged vaccine and waste - reveal that while global uptake has
doubled over the past year, there is a big gap between their use in
international and domestic markets 




a lethal disease that threatens 3 billion people throughout asia and the pacific is finally getting the attention it deserves 




five countries have received special awards from gavi for outstanding performance in increasing immunization coverage 






full text 





full text 





full text 
mission: "to save children's livesand protect people's health through the widespread use of vaccines."















  
contact us | 
guestbook | 
copyrights | text site

















gavi partners:


the bill & melinda gates foundation

who

unicef

the world bank group

developing country governments

nongovernmental organization

industrialized country governments

research institutes

vaccine industry-industrialized country

technical health institutes

vaccine industry-developing country















