












home | marshall dennehey








      skip to main content
    






header top


diversity


careers


contact us
















aboutour approachleadershipresultsspecial servicessustainabilityattorneyspracticesanalytics & outcomesinsightsclient educationnews & eventspractice articlesoffices




search



search












 









              the future of litigation, today.
          













 
















          home
        





 



your litigation. carefully managed. 
efficiently resolved. case closed.







in business for more than 60 years, marshall dennehey is an am law 200 firm that defends and resolves legal disputes for our clients in civil litigation.
our attorneys defend insurers and their insureds, self-insured businesses and professionals in casualty, professional liability, health care and workers’ compensation litigation.
true defense firm
value based pricing
forward thinking process
collaborative culture
geographic footprint
years in business




more about what makes us different









 

budget accuracy

 

cycle time

 

cases closed

we have the legal prowess, geographic footprint, technical innovation, segment knowledge and industry acumen to solve your problems and move the needle on your litigation.




see all performance data









 








connecticut
delaware
florida
new jersey
new york
ohio
pennsylvania





regional representation. national recognition. global clients.


find an office









 



defending your interests. marshalling our resources. 
investing in the future of litigation.











defending your interests
	we partner with you to fully understand your business and litigation objectives. defending your interests in the most cost-effective manner is our goal. from the smallest claim to your most complex litigation, we collaborate with you to develop the most efficient case resolution strategy possible. when settlement cannot be reached, our arsenal of experienced trial attorneys is well-prepared to defend your case in the courtroom.

marshalling our resources
	admittedly a play on words, but it’s true! we bring the full resources of the firm together to support the resolution of your case. no two cases are the same. whatever your case requires, we have the human, technological and geographical resources to mitigate exposure and efficiently resolve your litigation.

investing in the future of litigation
	we evaluate and invest in new technologies to provide you with the highest quality legal representation. from practice management software and client data protection platforms, to ediscovery solutions and innovative claims handling and billing methods, we invest in the business of insurance litigation to your advantage.

















footer menu


contact us


offices


disclaimer


privacy




subscribe to our publications
sign up



attorney advertising pursuant to new york rpc 7.1
© 2025 marshall dennehey, p.c.







corporate headquarters
2000 market street, suite 2300
philadelphia, pa 19103






 
 
 
 
 
 
 













