














jackson hole & grand teton fly fishing guided trips - snake river angler















































skip to content







careers
about
307.733.3699
 







my account / register











snake river angler





menu ☰
trips

lessons
fly tying courses
what to expect
faqs


our guides

shop staff


fishing reports
services

reel spooling
rental equipment


float trips
travel
store
 











a snake river adventure to remember
get ready for the adventure of a lifetime. choose from several options based on the snake river with world class guides, beautiful trout, and endless panoramic views.

explore now










guided fly fishing trips jackson hole
snake river angler is a full-service fly shop and guide service based in jackson hole, wyoming – the heart of the rocky mountain west. we have more permits to fish in the area than any other outfitter in jackson hole and pride ourselves on our expert guides and long standing exceptional reputation in the area.
see all our trips






snake river
the snake river is one of the most cherished streams in the world of fly fishing. as a permitted outfitter in grand teton national park and bridger teton national forest, snake river angler offers mores sections of the river than any other outfitter in the region. 

											explore more										



green river & new fork river
wyoming’s green and new fork rivers are hidden gems in the fly fishing world. you will find some of the west’s largest brown and rainbow trout on these waters, as well as a growing population of feisty native cutthroats.

											explore more										



yellowstone national park river & lake trips
yellowstone national park offers some of the most storied water in the world of fly fishing. our guided trips are offered on the firehole, gibbon, madison, lewis, snake, and yellowstone rivers, as well as crayfish creek and lewis lake. 

											explore more										









snake river angler fishing online store
buy fly fishing gear and more from will dornan’s snake river angler online store.































							visit our store						










heading out on a sra trip?
we have everything you need to know about your trip on our site. click the button below to find out how to be prepared for your adventure with snake river anglers.

										get ready									








best fishing outfitter in jackson hole
many thanks to all of those who voted for our guides and shops “best fishing outfitter” in the planetjh “best of jackson hole.” and congratulations to all winners. together we make our community better.
















snake river angler fly fishing guides

									see our guides								



boots allen



cody barber













×









sign-up forour newsletter
























about us
contact
careers
what to expect
float trips
store
 











307.733.3699
fish@snakeriverangler.com











snake river angler is an authorized concessionaire of grand teton national park to operate professional guided fishing trips and scenic float trips on the snake river.snake river angler is a permittee of bridger teton national forest on the snake river and the wyoming bureau of land management on the green river. an equal opportunity provider.wyoming web design


















