









home page | farm stores

























































































































 












skip to content
















 
















america's largest 



drive-thru convenience stores 



est. 1957 








 

about us
become a franchise owner
news & updates
download our app
groceries & products
store locations
contact us
swiss farms careers
faq
 
























a bakery, grocery, & cafe 
in one drive-thru. 










find your store














get the app!




















 







our famous eggnog is back! and better than ever! 



farm stores eggnog is so heavenly and delicious that angels probably use it to sweeten their coffee up there in the clouds. it’s like sipping on a cup of holiday magic mixed with the tears of joy from sugarplum fairies. one sip, and you’ll be convinced that santa himself takes a break from milk and cookies to indulge in our famous eggnog!if sweetness were a superhero, farm stores eggnog would be the caped crusader, saving taste buds one delicious sip at a time! 






find eggnog near you























 







baked right when you order! 



farm stores is the only drive-through market that delivers piping hot, freshly baked treats right when you order them. so skip the stale pastries and treat yourself to the real deal. visit farm stores for a little slice of heaven on the go, served hot and fresh just for you! 

























our famous french baguettes. 



looking for a way to get your hands on a freshly baked french baguette without leaving the comfort of your car? look no further than farm stores! we’re the only place where you can enjoy the warm, crusty goodness of a french baguette without ever having to step out of your ride. come visit us at farm stores for a drive-thru experience that’s as satisfying as it is convenient! 






baguette recipes


















 











 







download the farm stores app! 



the farm stores app take convenience to the next level! with a bakery, grocery, and café in the palm of your hand, finding what you need is easier than ever.  






download the app!






















 











 







a small store can be a huge help 



farm stores provides a unique neighborhood experience. a combination of grocery store, bakery, and café, we give you the freshest products in the most convenient manner: the equivalent of a drive-thru supermarket express lane.  


























grocery  



 



farm stores carries the staple household items and brand names that americans know and love. from cereal brands to laundry detergent, farm stores has it all!  







bakery 



 



hot and fresh baked goods served daily. from fresh bread to delicious empanadas, farm stores has all the goods you need for on the go!  







café 



 



farm stores has a variety of beverages from milkshakes to lattes. stopping by farm stores for your morning coffee or a smoothie after work will always be a quick & pleasant experience!  











always fast. always fresh. 











drive-thru today! 



when you’re headed home or in a hurry, hassle is the last thing you need. for milk, bread, eggs, fresh produce and more! make farm stores your last stop! 














franchise with us!














store locator














get the app!























a growing company worth joining! 














why farm stores? 



stay in the comfort of your car when grocery shopping! 






learn more


















latest happenings 



stay up to date with all the latest farm stores and swiss farm stores news! 






learn more
































always fast. always fresh. 














 




							products						














 




							locations						














 




							franchising						














 




							contact						














 




							about us						














 




							join the team						













 














stay connected 






first name(required)email(required)

let us know what state you're in so you get the right updates!(required)floridapennsylvaniageorgiaalabamanew yorki live in another state!
 










































 
contact us





 
franchise





 
employment





 
locations





 
veterans















 
faq





 
history





 
safety & policies





 
download the app





 
products















 
swiss farms stores





 
farm stores



























corporate office 



headquarters one 







 
po box 330728 miami, fl 33233





 
(800) 726-3276







headquarters two 







 
2928 west chester pikebroomall, pa 19008





 
(215) 933-0469















corporate office 







headquarters one 







 
2937 sw 27th ave #301miami, fl 33133





 
(800) 726-3276











headquarters two 







 
2928 west chester pikebroomall, pa 19008





 
(800) 726-3276



























follow us! 







 






 






 






 






 






 


































									copyright © 2025 farm stores & swiss farms. all rights reserved. design & hosting by coursevector.								










✕



 






sign up for our newsletter 



insert newsletter signup form here. 








































































































