the scorpion   


the scorpion

the scorpion is an english language magazine of metapolitics
and culture which appears once a year, each issue dealing with a
particular subject (e.g., imperialism, ecology, regionalism) from
a perspective opposed to modernism and globalism.
all correspondence should be addressed to: 

the scorpionbcm 5766london wc 1england


we can be reached by email.

here are some articles from the current and past issues: 

issue 24
presumptions of democracy

"democracy we presume?" by dominic
campbell. what is it, in theory and practice?

reviews:


"only connect". a review by dominic
campbell of critiques théoriques, by alain de benoist.

"behind the demos". a review by andrew
webster of the french revolution: a study in democracy, by
nesta webster.

"paint it black", a review of many
shades of black: inside britain's far right, by john bean.



issue 23
justice

"justice: who is she?" by dominic
campbell. crime and punishment and the meaning of natural balance.

reviews:


"happy families". a review by tony
glaister of the politics of human nature, by thomas fleming.

"peace of resistance", a review by
dominic campbell of gandhi and godse a review and a critique, by
koenraad elst.

"traditional emancipation", a review by
troy southgate of man and woman in revolt against the modern
world by baron julius evola.

"being at that time" a review by paul
shepherd of martin heidegger: a political life, by hugo ott.

"killing the messenger", a review by jared
taylor of race, intelligence and bias in academe, by roger
pearson.

"legendary feasts", a review by troy
southgate of tyr- myth culture and tradition (volume 1, 2002).



issue 22
ecce homo

editorial.

"courage style aristocracy," by
dominic campbell. an attempted reckoning with friedrich nietzsche.

nietzsche's main works: a bibliographical sketch.

"dynamic optimism," by michael young. another view of a man who defies neutrality.

in his own words: quotations from nietzsche's works.

it happened one gloomy night

points taken

on the wall

reviews  them: adventures with
extremists by jon ronson, reviewed by dominic campbell.

s. m. stirling's draka series,
reviewed by paul charnock.

ward and larson on evolution, reviewed by
paul charnock.

nobilitas: a study of european
aristocratic philosophy from ancient greece to the early twentieth
century, by dr alexander jacob, reviewed by dominic campbell.

garcia aguilar on the chapitas, reviewed by dominic hampshire.

american history x, reviewed by dominic campbell.


the grape vine, by loki.


issue 21
the darwin inheritance

editorial

"the darwin inheritance," by dominic campbell. a
look at the issues involved in the unending "darwin debate."

"ludwig woltmann & german darwinism," by alain de benoist. a look at the
life and thought of an early proponent of social darwinism.

"'races do not exist,'" by charles champetier. scientific responses to a
widespread sophism.

readers' symposium

"on the wall" -- news items from around the world. 
  
points taken

"german socialism as an alternative to
marxism", by dr. alexander jacob. the political thought of the
"cultural pessimist" oswald spengler and the socialist writer werner
sombart.

manifestos

reviews


"back to the future", a review of
l’archeofuturisme, by guillaume faye.

other reviews cover civil war two by thomas chittum, the impulse
of power by michael w. kelley, gabriele d'annunzio by john
woodhousey, a history of pagan europe by prudence jones and nigel
pennick, dreamer of the day: francis parker yockey and the post-war fascist
international by kevin coogan, amusing ourselves to death by neil
postman, and brave new world revisited by aldous huxley.


"the grape vine," by loki.


issue 20
the name of frailty?

editorial 
  "in praise of fair women," by dominic campbell. a comprehensive and accepted 
  view of the future role of man and woman in a future society is essential to 
  anyone who rejects the modern world. 
  "the case of isaac newton". alexander jacob points to a little known but 
  influential source of philosemitism and egalitarianism in the man who 
  explained the falling apple. 
  on the wall
  manifestos 
  readers symposium 
  reviews: 
  
"who's a genius?", a review by dominic campbell of hitler's 
    priestess, by nicholas goodrick-clarke. 
    "right on!", a review by christian rogler of deutschlands 
    rechte-ordnungs und gestaltungsauftrag, by rolf-josef eibicht. 
    "the man behind it all", a review by jim harraway of goebbels: 
    mastermind of the third reich, by james lubinskas 
    "a page in my life," a review by dominic campbell of the books in my 
    life, by colin wilson. 
    "green leaf", a review by dominic campbell of a mirror of england, an 
    anthology of the writings of hj massingham, by dominic campbell. 
"the grape vine", by "loki." 
issue 19
for an new education

editorial
"for a new 
  education", by dominic campbell. 
  "the 
  neo-conservative reich of edgar julius jung", by alexander jacob. 
  manifestos 
  on the wall
  readers symposium 
  reviews: 
  
"who's a 
    genius", a review by mark ashton of schockley on eugenics and 
    race, by roger pearson. 
    review by mark ashton of the social meaning of modern biology from 
    social darwinism to sociobiology, by howard kaye. 
    "a deeper 
    shade of green", a review by dominic campbell of environmentalism and 
    political theory, by robyn eckersley. 
    "where do you come from? where do you go?", a review by peter white of 
    the thirteenth tribe, by arthur koestler. 
    "do you remember me?", a review by jim harraway of diaries, by 
    alan clark, and storm command, by general peter de la billiere. 
    "teaching 
    by numbers", a review by robin waterfield of the great triad, by 
    rene guenon. 
    "how right is right?", a review by dominic campbell of enoch powell: a 
    biography, by robert shepard. 
"the grape vine", by "loki." 
issue 18
the power and the glory

"the power 
  and the glory", dominic campbell on the nature of power. 
  "carl 
  schmitt and democracy", paul gottfried on the german antiliberal thinker. 
  "dry 
  and brown greens", review of a book on the connection between ecological 
  thought and the far right. 
  "space 
  invaders", review of peter brimelow's alien nation. 
  "the 
  greening of the west", review of qathafi's green book. 
  "erkenne 
  dich selbst", review of richard wagner and the antisemitic 
  imagination, by marc a. weiner. 
  "empire 
  invisible", short notice of renewed availability of in german of evola's 
  the mystery of the grail. 
  "bed time 
  book of famous beasts", review of fascism in the oxford 
  readers series. 
  "cross 
  purposes", review of alan morrison's the serpent and the cross: 
  religious corruption in an evil age. 
  "corsets 
  and old hat", review of volk, nation, der westen und die neue 
  rechte by mark terkessidis. 
  "animal 
  farm", review of die mcdonaldisierung der gesellschaft by george 
  ritzer. 
  "siege 
  mentality", review of siege: the collected writings of james mason 
  by george ritzer. 
  "canonballs", 
  review of harold bloom's the western canon: the books and schools of the 
  ages. 
  "life after 
  west", review of alain de benoist's europe, tiers monde meme 
  combat. 
issue 17
to dream of empires

"dream of 
  empires", dominic campbell on the nature of empires and imperialism. 
  "the 
  grapevine", a column by "loki", with his own reflections on empire. 
  "the peoples 
  of europe: corsica", by giuse centophani. 
  "capital 
  culture", an account of northern european aesthetics in the national 
  museum of american art in washington, d.c. 
  "tradition 
  in revolt", karl richter's review of revolt against the modern 
  world, the major work of julius evola. 
  "european 
  blues", a review-essay on the making of the old southern sound, 
  bluegrass blues, by robert cantwell. 
  "a hell of 
  a journey", a review of a life of sir richard burton, by fawn 
  brodie. 
  "war 
  games", a review of churchill's war, by david irving. 
  "eclectics 
  in perspective", a review of the publications perspectives and 
  fourth world review. 
  "see no 
  evil", a review of spoken in darkness by ann e. imbrie. 
  "peaceful 
  german empire?", a review of friedensmacht deutschland, plaedoyer fuer 
  einen neuen patriotismus, by alfred mechtersheimer. 
  "murder, he 
  said", a review of who murdered my father, rudolph hess, by 
  ruediger hess. 
  "just an 
  ordinary muse", a review of two volumes of collected poems and letters by 
  philip larkin. 
  "you will 
  be harmonised!", a review of merrie england-2000 by colin jordan. 
  "out of 
  order", reviews of hunter and a candidate for the order. 
  "loquacious 
  to effect", a review of two poetry books. 
  "the right 
  set", a review of the journals of anthony powell. 
  "prayer 
  before birth?", a review of god, a self-published book by 
  "prometheus". 
  "bayreuth 
  revisited", a review of richard wagner: visionen, werk, weltanschaung, 
  deutung by professor karl richter. 
  "romantic 
  reich", a review of the music of frank rennicke. 
  letters 
  from readers. 
issue 15
the state?

"the 
  state", by dominic campbell. 
  "between the gods and the titans", alain de benoist's review of the life 
  and achievement of ernst juenger, part i (issue 
  15) and part 
  ii (issue 17). 

subscriptionsa subscription is 22
pounds sterling ($28 u.s) for four issues by surface mail, 28 pounds
($36) airmail to north america and south africa, and 32 pounds ($39)
airmail to other places. cheques in any currency for the equivalent sum
are welcome (plus 10% for banker's charges for cheques except sterling,
u.s. dollars and euros). non-sterling cheques should be payable to
dominic campbell, sterling cheques to the scorpion. cash is
accepted without the 10% premium but at the sender's risk if it is lost.

back issues on cdcds with
issues 1-19 of the scorpion are available for 65 pounds.

hard copythe following back issues of the scorpion are
available:
issue and theme                   price (pounds/shillings)

1 the problem of racism                     2
2 nihilism and the modern town              5*
3 nihilism and the cultural alternative     5*
4 what is nationalism?                      5*
5 where have the heroes gone?               5*
6 the islands of the blest                  2
7 in search of america                      1 10/-
8 the romantic vision                       1 10/-
9 when europe awakes                        5*
10 against all totalitarianisms             3
11 ecology: the growing dilemma             2 10/-
12 for the europe of a hundred flags        2
13 in the midst of life                     2
14 the two faces of socialism               3
15 the state?                               3
16 aquarius                                 4
17 to dream of empires                      3
18 the power and the glory                  3
19 for a new education                      3
20 the name of frailty?                     5
21 the darwin inheritance                   5 10/-
22 ecce homo                                6
23 justice: who is she?			    6

any four back numbers (not *)              12
for "friends of the scorpion"               6

*issue sold out, photocopy supplied. 
prices include surface postage. for airmail add 30%. sterling cheques
payable to the scorpion, other cheques to dominic campbell. those
wishing to subscribe to the sting (5 pounds) should send us an
email.

become a friend of the
scorpion!you can become a friend of the scorpion
for 50 pounds, or $70. friends of 
the scorpion receive the following benefits for 7 years: 


all issues published during that period. 
  four free subscriptions for friends. 
  a free classified ad in each issue. 
  a free subscription to our sting newsletter (planned for the year 
  2000). 
  books and our cd rom at a reduced price. 
other publications


the play "hitler's temptation" by dominic campbell, editor
of the scorpion, is now available in paperback
from amazon.com
for $12.50, from the scorpion for $10.50 (plus $2.50
s/h in the u.s., $4.25 elsewhere), or
from authorhouse.com
for $10.50 plus s/h (paperback) or $3.95 (electronic text). the
paperback is available at half price to friends of the
scorpion. send cheques in pounds or dollars to the
scorpion, bcm5766 london wcin 3xx, uk. sterling checks
should be made payable to the scorpion, dollar cheques
to michael walker.

the following books are also available from the scorpion:


colin jordan, merrie england (reviewed in issue 17) - 1 pound 10, 
  or $2.40. 
  oswald spengler, man and technics - 4 pounds or $6.40. 
  "prometheus", eugenics manifesto, 1 pound 10 or $2.40. 
  "prometheus", socrates meets jesus, 1 pound 10 or $2.40. 
  "prometheus", god (reviewed in issue 17), 1 pound 10 or $2.40. 
all books are sold at half price to friends of the scorpion. 
please add 40% for postage, 75% for airmail outside europe. 

the sting

between issues the scorpion circulates several issues of the
sting, an electronic newsletter. paid up subscribers can be added to
the circulation list for a additional subscription fee of five pounds or
seven dollars. subscriptions to
the sting are free to friends of
the scorpion.





if you wish to support us, and are interested in any of the books we
review (or any others), we suggest buying them through amazon.com; a
portion of the purchase price will go to the scorpion.










search:


books
popular music
classical music
video
dvd





keywords:

















