




the center for gender & justice










































menu

about usabout usbarbara e. bloom, phd, mswstephanie s. covington, phd, lcswprofessional servicesarticles & book chaptersbookstoretrainingtrainings and workshopsspeaking and training scheduleworkshop forms (pdf)researchadditional resourcesgender-responsive assessment toolgrppa toolthe tier systema brief conversationfive core values of trauma-informed and -responsive servicesreentry tipsheets for womenafter incarceration guide for womencontact








assisting local, state, national, and international agencies by providing expertise, leadership, training, and consultation regarding policies and practices affecting justice-involved people.find out more 




previous
previous




the center is committed to research and to the implementation of policies and programs that will encourage positive outcomes for this underserved population.  being gender responsive means creating an environment through site selection, staff selection, program development, content, and material that reflects an understanding of the realities of the lived experiences of women, girls, men, boys, and gender-diverse people.

now available - hidden healers
in hidden healers, dr. stephanie s. covington challenges the practices and beliefs that underpin our criminal justice system by uplifting the voices of formerly incarcerated women and highlighting the unexpected ways they help each other survive the brutal challenges of prison.  for decades dr. covington has provided therapeutic programs and materials to women in prison.  interviews, personal narratives, and research reveal the american obsession with punishment and what might be done to effect lasting change in hidden healers.
limited time offer!  get 60% off the audio book by using this link.  valid until february 10, 2025.


training options
we have been providing live onsite and virtual online consultation, training, and presentations to accommodate the needs of each agency.  
virtual events are just as interactive, informational, and impactful as our onsite consultation, training, and presentations and they cover the same updated content.  we've received very positive feedback about each of them and look forward to scheduling something for your agency.  we also offer open enrollment training opportunities on our curricula, please be sure to see our speaking and training schedule.









the center for gender and justice • 1201 camino del mar, suite 204, del mar, ca 92014 • (858) 454-8528 © the center for gender & justice | info@centerforgenderandjustice.org



this website requires javascript to function accurately.

