
      home | united southern bank
    

 






homeskip to main contentskip to footerdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files.
      home | united southern bank
    fdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. government

locations

about us


history

directors

officers

careers

cra



contact us

enter search terms  gotoggle search login close

banking

wealth management

united southern bank 

banking

wealth management

toggle navigation   

personal banking


personal checking

mobile banking & online banking

debit card

lost or stolen debit card

personal loans

ways to save

ways to pay

video tutorials



business banking


business checking

business loans

business saving

business mobile banking & online banking

remote deposit capture

other business services

video tutorials



lending


home mortgages

commercial

personal



i want to...


open a checking account

save money

open a business

buy a home





locations

about us


history

directors

officers

careers

cra



contact us

mobile menu search  go sticky menu online banking toggle login closeonline bankingonline banking selection personal businessusername password enroll now.forgot password?username: password: lost or damaged tokenforgot password or pin?united southern bank 










lending designed for your business!




find out more






  







secure alerts!

know immediately what is happening with your account!
find out how




  







powerful new card controls in your mobile app


get more details




 click here to stop the slider's autoplay feature click here to start the slider's autoplay feature   close alert 
personal, friendly, and rewarding.

we are an early adopter of the latest in bank technology and are committed to staying at the forefront of new technologies.  
remote deposit capture
quickly deposit checks right from your office with our remote deposit feature.

more about rdc  
fight fraud
we are committed to protecting your money! check out some features we provide to help.

fraud protection  
residential loans
contact us today to chat with one of our lenders and find the perfect home loan for you!

residential loans     banking safe from home.
you can do a lot from home with the usb mobile app. you can quickly and securely complete a full range of banking transactions right from your smartphone like, check your accounts, transfer money, pay bills, and deposit a check. check out our new card controls for more in-app debit card information!

mobile banking    online banking is easy!
check your accounts, transfer money, pay bills, even pay a person, all with usb online banking. enroll today!

enroll today   keep in touch.
stay updated on our latest events and news. 
leave me blank for email collection form.

email address 




enter the characters you see*



play audio 
download audio


enter the characters you hear*


audio captcha
refresh
image captcha
refresh



captcha answer


sign up there was an error submitting the form.noticethis form requires javascript be turned on for it to work. please turn on javascript and refresh the page if you would like to submit an online form. if you cannot turn on javascript, we encourage you to contact your nearest branch location. thank you for your submission!
we will be in touch with you soon.    how can we help?

united southern bank is ready to serve you in many different ways. usb has state of the art technology with the power for you to bank anywhere, any time.  




  let usb's residential lending team help you with your new home. 





call us today!



  




  whether you are building a new office or purchasing an existing one, usb's commercial lending team is here to help. 





call one of our lenders today!




  
residential lending for new home purchases, home additions, or refinancing has been a specialty of usb throughout our history.

mortgage loans back to the top

communication


contact us

facebook



legal


accessibility

funds availability policy

terms & conditions

usa patriot act

privacy policy

security



other


calculators

lost or stolen debit card



©  united southern bank

read more on our accessibility statement 

