






 


home - crary

































































home
products

air reel™
crary wind system™
gold’ncut™
big top™
revolution ditcher™
tile pro® plow
crary® trench pro™
crary® stringer trailers
michel’s products


product support

find a manual
quick tips
product registration
configure cutting system
patents
faqs – crary wind system


connect

why crary?
value shed
news & promotions
find a dealer
trade shows
contact us















 
 
 
















manufacturing farm profitability™

hear from the crary® pro team





;









who we are








get a catalog








product support








crary ag swag








find a dealer











manufacturing farm profitability™
we understand that uptime is incredibly important in your farming operation, as well as faster ground speeds, increasing yield and improved efficiency. that’s why we manufacture harvesting attachments that do just that. this harvest season, count on crary®.










meet the crary ag lineup








crary® air systems
add the power of air to your header.








gold'ncut™
the sharpest cut for the most efficient harvest.








big top™
more room in your hopper to help you go longer.








water solutions
manage the water in your field where you want it.








michel's products
hopper covers and crop catchers









what our farmers are saying







every day we harvest, especially in edible beans, crary puts out more air than competitors. ten out of ten! proven to save beans and would absolutely recommend.
derek f.
north dakota | crary wind system






less shatter. less harvest loss. even feeding. we can run earlier in the day and later in the evening. even in low areas, the beans feed right in. i’d recommend this to any other farmer.
alan b.
iowa | crary air reel






we only dump on the ends and not on the go to be efficient. the crary big top is a must! would i recommend it to another farmer? yes. it is a must!
herbert r.
illinois | crary big top






in the fall of 2020, we ditched over 1800 acres with one man and one machine which wouldn’t have been possible without the revolution ditcher.
mark h.
minnesota | revolution ditcher






i can harvest at a higher speed and still have an even flow of material going into my harvester. the moment we started harvesting and i switched the cws off, i realized this is an investment, not an expense.
maartin c.
south africa | crary wind system












 













home
about crary
contact us
careers
privacy policy
online terms & conditions
patents
dealer portal login










followfollowfollowfollowfollow

copyright ©2025 crary industries, inc.|all rights reserved

west fargo, nd | 800.247.7335









2025 crary ag product catalog







find a dealer















 












































this website uses cookies to improve user experience. by using our website you consent to all cookies in accordance with our cookie policy.okprivacy policy




