






graystone group advertising








































































home
contact
pay invoice
submit ad
 


select page


  
 
 







































 since 1987 graystone group has specialized in recruitment advertising for academia, healthcare and public sectors. with more than 550 clients we have gained the experience and knowledge to support all your recruitment needs – digital & print – at the most cost effective pricing in the industry. we have a media database at our fingertips with information on over 4,000 recruitment resources including more than 3,000 internet sites. 







how we help you reach your goal





help with hard-to-fill positions
 some jobs are difficult to fill. the problem might be a shortage of candidates in a specific discipline or recruiting for a position where corporate salary out-paces academia. if you face this challenge give us a call; we’ll make suggestions and do our best to help. 

reach passive job seekers
 your best candidates might not be looking for a job but they might react to the right opportunity. ask for ideas when you make your next request. 

diversity programs
 a wide range of media sources exist that target diverse candidates within academia and in the broader workforce. share your needs when you make a request; we’ll make suggestions and do our best to help. 

job enhancements
 don’t be satisfied with “post & pray” when there are options to put your job and your institution in the best possible light. ask for ideas to maximize awareness for your positions when you make your next request. 

social media
 if someone has a computer, a laptop or a smart phone they likely have joined a social media community to share ideas and interact with others. using those communities as a tool for social recruiting provides a new way to connect with candidates – many of whom might not be found through traditional sources. if you have questions and want to learn more regarding how to reach professional and non-professional candidates, share your needs and we’ll make suggestions. 



media planning
 don’t hesitate to reach out if you need help getting the most for your recruitment dollar. we can help you plan a program to reach a specific discipline, spread the word on a new program, develop an ongoing diversity plan or explain how to use subscriptions and job packs to get the best value. 

creative designs
 both online and print. we can add design elements that set you apart from the crowd. we use proper logos and guidelines to maintain brand integrity and nothing is published until you approve the final layout. let us know what you’re thinking and our design team will make it happen. 

extensive database of sources
 in the past year we placed over 40,000 recruitment ads in over 4,000 media resources including more than 3,000 internet sites giving us the most extensive recruitment data based focused on the needs of academia. let us know who you need to reach; we’ll make suggestions and recommendations. 

analytics
 we can provide information on how various media sources perform regarding viewers by job. tell us what you need and we’ll provide the answers. 

copy editing
 if you need edits to enhance the job description or manage word count. ask for support when you make your next request. 







no matter what your need
no matter how you want to reach the market
graystone group is the “one source solution”

let's get started







  graystone group advertising55 merritt boulevard trumbull, ct 06611  phone: (800) 544-0005 fax: (203) 549-0061 email: ads@graystoneadv.com




followfollowfollow



 







designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress 















