







welcome | the international school of protocol



















skip to main content







  




  the international school of protocol  









search form

search 





 





 




welcome
aboutmeet the instructors
in video
history & testimonials
clients & affiliations

programsupcoming classes
teaching etiquette certification courses
adults & professionals
children and teens
young children ages 4-7
colleges and universities
customer service
public speaking
adults: in-transition and outreach programs
youth: at-risk and outreach programs
special needs adults and children

teaching certificationsbecome certified to teach etiquette to children and teens
become certified to teach etiquette to adults and professionals

purchase teaching materialsteaching etiquette to young children - materials only
teaching etiquette to children and teens - materials only
mad about manners
strategies for success

out of town visitors & contact
 













        




our programs:
upcoming classes
teaching etiquette certification courses
adults & professionals
customer service
children and teens
colleges and universities
public speaking
adults in transition and outreach programs
youth at risk and outreach programs
special needs adults and children
 



contact us!

410-832-7555
protocol@schoolofprotocol.com
contact us with questions or to schedule your program today!
 
visit us!
convenient to i-83, 695, and local bus stops, our office and training facility is located at 100 west road, suite 300, in towson, maryland.  to drive to our offices take i-695 to exit 26. click here for more information for out-of-town visitors.

















welcome












 

the international school of protocol is a leader in providing etiquette training and consultation to enhance interpersonal skills and personal effectiveness in business and social relationships. 
for more than 20 years, the international school of protocol has provided etiquette and protocol training for business executives, corporations, politicians, municipal groups, schools, colleges and universities, outreach programs, underestimated adults and youth, teachers, teens, children, and individuals.  
 
the international school of protocol believes in the power of diversity and inclusion. we know that organizations and communities are stronger with diverse representation, when all voices are heard, and individuals feel a sense of belonging. to that end, the international school of protocol is committed to providing training which helps to give individuals the confidence to navigate the nuanced social and communication dynamics in business and social settings.
 
the international school of protocol has designed programs to enhance and expand social skills, communication skills and employment-related soft skills for blind and low vision youth and adults.  workshops have been presented throughout the u.s.
 
all programs are customizable and can be tailored to meet the needs of a business, group or individual.  sessions take place at your site, at the international school of protocol’s training facility or virtually.
 
for individuals who wish to teach etiquette, the international school of protocol offers two teaching etiquette certification programs:  teaching etiquette to adults and business professionals, and teaching etiquette to children and teens. the international school of protocol also offers teaching etiquette to young children, and mad about manners: a lifeskills approach to the teaching of manners for purchase without certification.
 
the international school of protocol’s etiquette and protocol training sessions have been featured in: the washington post, the baltimore sun, style magazine, baltimore magazine, the daily record, baltimore business journal, business monthly, bar bulletin, the howard county times, baltimore’s child, the towson times, smartwoman, the jeffersonian and on cbs’s early morning show, wjz-tv, maryland public television and wbff fox channel 45, voice of america and wamu public radio, among others.
 
known for their approachability, the international school of protocol’s instructors teach real life skills for real business and social situations. 
 
 
 
 
 
click here to like us on facebook!  
 

 
contact us with questions or to schedule your program today!

 
 























 


   




 








  



  



  



  



  



  



  



  



  



  



  



  



  



  



  



  





 












copyright 2019  ©
the international school of protocol
 









