








statistics - econometrics - forecasting












scientific resources









home   
site map   
site search   
free online software
   
        



























 







statistics - econometrics - forecasting[home] [resources] [links] 




        welcome to our popular scientific resources website about 
        descriptive statistics, continuous statistical distributions, 
        hypothesis testing, 
        econometrics, and time series analysis (forecasting). best of all: it is all free of charge!


















the formulae section contains a whole series of widely used statistical formulae about descriptive statistical measures and continuous distributions.





check any of these widely used descriptive statistics:





central tendency (mean, median, root mean square, midmean) with free calculator



concentration (entropy, exponential index, herfindahl, variation coefficient, gini coefficient, lorenz curve) with free calculator



box plots (hinge, midspread, interquartile range, whiskers, fences, outliers, extremes, outermost)



density trace (kernel, distance, density)



moments (general, non centered, centered) with free calculator



correlations (pearson, covariance, determination coefficient) with free calculator



partial correlations (pearson product moment partial correlation) with free calculator



quartiles (weighted average, empirical distribution, closest observation, truebasic®, excel®) with free calculator



simple linear regression (general linear model, mean and variances, covariance, correlation, least squares estimation, parameters, response, significance, determination coefficient, anova, residuals, autocorrelation, model selection, model performance) with free calculator



histograms (mean, standard deviation, range, interval size, number of intervals, goodness of fit)



skewness (pearson, yule, beta, gamma) with free calculator



kurtosis (beta, gamma) with free calculator



rank order correlation (corrected, non-corrected) with free calculator



variability (range, variance, standard deviation, variation, mean squared error, herfindahl, mean absolute deviation, quartiles, gini mean difference, leik's d, dispersion, diversity, mean squared deviation, mean absolute deviation) with free calculator







                            check out the online applications with various free statistics calculators: correlation, partial correlation, rank correlation, simple regression, skewness, kurtosis, moments, quartiles, percentiles, concentration, variability, central tendency.





detailed descriptions about the following  continuous statistical distributions are available:



beta | inverted beta | cauchy 1 | cauchy (2 parameters) | chi | chi square (1 parameter) | chi square (2 parameters) | erlang | exponential | fisher f | gamma | inverted gamma | gumbel | laplace | logistic | lognormal | normal | pareto | power | rayleigh | r-distribution | rectangular (uniform) | student t | triangular | weibull






an introduction into  statistical hypothesis testing is available:



introduction | testing the mean (known variance) | variance testing | testing the mean (unknown variance) | testing the population proportion




















the
                    econometrics section contains chapters about econometrics (see also free calculator), regression 
                    extensions, mathematical models, and box-jenkins time series 
                    analysis (forecasting). 





these are the contents of our
                            
online econometrics textbook:



introduction to econometrics (including
                            matrix algebra)




linear 
                            regression techniques (least squares and maximum likelihood)



regression extensions (autocorrelation,
                            heteroskedasticity,
                            multicollinearity,
                            nonlinearity,
                            simultaneous equations,
                            misspecification)




mathematical models in econometrics


 



check out the (box-jenkins)
                          time series analysis & forecasting section of our website (see also free calculator): 




arima identification



univariate stochastic arima model estimation



univariate stochastic arima model checking



univariate stochastic arima model forecasting




transfer function-noise models



multiple time series models


 












        suggestions 
we would like to hear from you. please, send us 
        suggestions about how we can improve this website to make it more 
        enjoyable (suggestions@xycoon.com). 

        if you want to contribute to our scientific resources section, send us 
        an e-mail to contributions@xycoon.com. the xycoon team thanks all visitors for the many e-mails with feedback, suggestions, and support!























homeresourceslinks







































© 2000-2022 - office for research, development, and education (called orde) - all rights reserved. this website is published by orde and owned by resa r&d. this includes: html content, 
graphical illustrations (gif, jpg, and png files), computer software, online or electronic 
documentation, associated media, and printed materials. all photographs (jpg 
files) are the property of corel corporation, microsoft and their licensors. 
orde has acquired a non-transferable license to use these pictures 
in this website.the free use of the scientific content in this website is 
granted for non commercial use only. in any case, 
the source (url) should always be clearly displayed. under no circumstances are 
you allowed to reproduce, copy or redistribute the design, layout, or any 
content of this website (for commercial use) including any materials contained 
herein without the express written permission of orde. 
information provided 
on this web site is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either 
express or implied, including, without limitation, warranties of 
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and noninfringement. orde uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and timely information 
and periodically updates the information without notice. however, orde makes no warranties or representations 
as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, and it assumes no 
liability or responsibility for errors or omissions in the content of this web 
site. your use of this web site is at your own risk. under no circumstances and 
under no legal theory shall orde be liable to you or any other 
person for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, exemplary, or 
consequential damages arising from your access to, or use of, this web site.

contributions and 
scientific research: prof. dr. e. borghers, prof. dr. p. wessa
please, cite this website when used in publications: xycoon (or authors), statistics - econometrics - forecasting (title), office for research development and education (publisher), http://www.xycoon.com/ (url), (access or printout date).


facilities, development, and design: office for research, development, and education
comments, feedback, bugs, errors | privacy policy 















