




 



 


        america | helping children, one family at a time    














































































choose your language:  










home
 








 
citiescentral susquehanna valley
columbus
hawaii
miami
new york city
oregon south coast
penn  state
philadelphia
pittsburgh
rockford
saint louis
san antonio
seattle
wilmington
york
 
 






america

what is cap4kids?
cap4kids (the children’s advocacy project) was developed in 2005 as a way for healthcare providers, social workers, child advocates and parents and teens to find reliable, up-to-date information on community resources to help improve and enhance the lives of children and families. each cap4kids city has it’s own content with local community resources organized into easy to locate parent handouts. these handouts are the backbone of cap4kids. they allow parents and families to find resources on a wide range of topics, ranging from after school programs and camps, to education resources or resources for children with special needs. there are resources for pregnant mothers, infants, school-aged children and teens.
all content can be translated into multiple languages and a google search engine helps users find what they need with ease.
please check out our sites and find resources in your community.
for additional info, email dr. dan taylor at drt23@drexel.edu.
thanks.

copyright © 2005, the children’s advocacy project. all rights reserved.
cap4kids does not recommend or endorse the agencies or resources listed on the site. this is an informational site only. we encourage users to carefully review and evaluate all services and decide what is best to meet the needs of their families.
web site designed, created, and maintained by drexel university’s antoinette westphal college of media arts & design — digital media department.
















copyright 2015. the children's advocacy project. all rights reserved. we do not recommend or endorse any particular resource on cap4kids. however, we do endorse the careful review and evaluation of services that best meet the needs of your family  evden eve nakliyat istanbuldepolamauluslararası lojistikuluslararası nakliyat şirketiistanbul ev taşımaevden eve nakliyeistanbul evden eve nakliyeistanbul depolamaeşya depolama istanbulgebze evden eve nakliyat selçuksportstaraftarium24canlı maç izle



 

































