





castlemoyle books-your secure books and media store






































shop the site


free book pickups

book searches




 search by title:  

           


castlemoylebooks
    your local books and media store






have too much stuff?need to clear out your storage area?






            we will pick up your gently used books and media, including records,
            cds, dvds, magazines, video games etc.
          

            all you have to do is box (or bag) it up. you can bring it to our
            shop or we'll even happily pick it up, depending on quantity. our
            regular pickup area includes columbia, garfield, and whitman
            counties in washington and latah and nez perce counties in idaho,
            but we are happy to go to you and pick up your unwanted materials.
          

            this is a good way for you to get rid of books, media, and
            paper-related items following a estate sale or yard sale.
          


back to the top



we'll find you books



            whether you are looking for a childhood favorite, a current bestseller,
            a thriller from the 80's, or even a technical manual from just three
            years ago, we can help. through our network of used bookstores and
            individual sellers, we are all set to locate the book or other item you
            want.
          

            just give us a call at 509-843-5009, visit our shop in the heart of
            pomeroy's historic downtown, or send us an email and we'll start your
            search.
          



back to the top


sell us your unwanted books & 






            selling your books and media to us means your items will get another
            chance at a new home. allow us to rehome your gently used items and
            give you cash or store credit in return!
          

            we will assess your materials and make you an offer, depending on
            what you have and what we currently need in our store. cash or store
            credit, depending on your items.
            




back to the top












tweet this









castlemoyle books
visit us at 7th and main streets

          in the pomeroy washington downtown historical district
        
call us at 509-843-5009








