







	gvc - home

































toggle navigation














home



drive



driving schools

what is a driving school ?
event requirements
what's new this year
driving school forms
information about watkins glen area





autocross

what is an autocross ?
what's new this year ?
event results





teen driving program

what is streeet survival ?
what's new this year ?





instructing with gvc

instructing with gvc
instructor training school
what's new this year ?




bmw cca club racing


event photos






socialize

social events
club charities
scholarship fund
event photos





my gvc

overview
login





about

about the chapter
event listing
officers & board
chapter formation
become a member
club communications
sponsorship opportunities
club sponsors
gvc merchandise













driving schoolsthe gvc is nationally recognized for its innovative instructional program emphasizing one-on-one personal instruction at watkins glen
 









the bmw car club of america genesee valley chapter is a not-for-profit, volunteer organization founded in 1981, that serves
          bmw car enthusiasts throughout western new york state, including syracuse, rochester, buffalo, binghamton, and corning.
          the gvc bmw car club hosts a variety of educational, social, driving skill, and charity events throughout the year, and
          provides a venue for members to share information, stories, and memories related to bmw automobiles.
      






events     ultimate calendar


6 / 27margvc sim racing league #2 @ send it simour winter sim racing league is back for 2025! come experience wny's premier racing simulation facility to compete against fellow members on state of the art sim rigs. race against your friends in the latest imsa racecars on world-famous tracks such as the glen, mosport, vir, and many more! 
29aprgvc tech nite at mr. best wrench in grand islandare you driving with gvc at watkins glen in may?  if you are, come out to mr. best wrench in grand island for a free tech inspection night with gvc bmw cca.  get your car ready for the track, and meet up with your bmw cca friends.if you are not drivng with us come on out anyway and enjoy some pizza and beverages while you meet up with other club members.7maypizza & wings social & tech night @ eksten autoworks in rochesterare you planning to join us for the 1st of our 3 gvc hpde's this year?  our first hpde of the year, is hpde #122 at legendary watkins glen international may 16, 2025. come out and join us at tech inspection night courtesy of the dedicated, professional team at eksten autoworks. pizza, wings , and non-alcoholic beverages will be provided. tech inspection is not required to partake in the food and beverage!16 / 18maygvc springfest hpde #122 w/ bmwcca club race @ watkins glen internationaljoin us for gvc bmwcca's first of three hpde's in 2025 at historic watkins glen international. this event provides intensive on-track and classroom instruction for all levels of students. this event will also be shared with bmwcca club racing! watch, practice, qualifying, and bmw club racing at its very best. spec, stock, prepared and modified classes will be represented. the racers will be kicking off the 2025 season as well as the 2025 can-am challenge!1 / 3auggvc mid-summer hpde #123 at watkins glen international!come on out to gvc hpde #123 at watkins glen international. this hpde is the second of three of gvc hpde's for 2025. this event provides intensive on-track and classroom instruction for all levels of students. solo-level drivers get more track time in longer sessions. instructors get 1:1 student to instructor ratio and more track time.excellent one on one in-car instruction and coaching!! advanced data coaching!!  26 / 28sepgvc 6th annual derek hanson memorial hpde #124 at watkins glen internationalhpde #124 is the third gvc hpde for 2025. this is also the 6th annual derek hanson memorial hpde. this event combines abundant open-track time for instructors, solo-level drivers and approved advanced drivers with intensive on-track and classroom instruction for all levels of student drivers on the theory and practice of high-performance driving.hms motorsporthms motorsport has grown to become the industry's leading safety equipment supplier to professional, amateur, and beginning drivers.eksten autoworksserving the bmw community since 1974, eksten autoworks provides performance products, repairs, race prep, engine rebuilding, suspension tuning, and dyno services.





der bayerische brief







              published quarterly, der bayerische brief includes articles written by local members and covers recent and upcoming events. the publicationprovides a wealth of bmw
        related information including discounts and promotions from local merchants and dealers. der bayerische brief is mailed to over 1300 gvc bmw cca members and national bmw cca representatives.
            







classified ads
for sale: blizzak snowsfor sale: 1995 bmw m3



gvc now has a youtube channel









genesee valley chapter of the bmw car club of america





sponsors












































×
send an email


















the bmw car club of america genesee valley chapter is a not-for-profit, volunteer organization founded in 1981, that serves bmw car enthusiasts throughout western new york state, 
                  including syracuse, rochester, buffalo, binghamton, and corning. the gvc bmw car club hosts a variety of educational, social, driving skill, and charity events throughout the year, 
                  and provides a venue for members to share information, stories, and memories related to bmw automobiles.






useful links


about us
officers & board
chapter formation
become a member
club communications
sponsors
sponsorship opportunities
classifieds







contact us


                  genesee valley chapter bmw cca
                
                  p.o. box 1333
                
                  fairport, ny 14450
                
                  webmaster: gvc webmaster

                  website design: jrd web solutions













                  2000-2025 © all rights reserved.

                












































