  
las rocas resort & dive center – roatan – roatan premier dive resort located in west bay beach     


photo galleryenglishespañolwest bay beach, roatan, view on mapcall us: 1-877-379-8645



main navigation                                
 reservationshomeresortour bungalowsdiningdivingofferscontact





  sit back and relax read more >>
one week dive $619 view details >>
one week holiday $549/couple view details >>
welcome to las rocas resort & dive center on the beautiful island of roatan!las rocas is a small, intimate resort nestled into the soft white sands of west bay, roatan’s most beautiful beach. our unique location puts roatan marine park and all of its treasures literally just steps from your door, yet secluded from the usual beach noise and traffic. everything you need for a perfect roatan vacation is right here.simple, freshly furnished and air conditioned bungalows feature private verandas and ocean views. hammock included.our open-air bar and restaurant serve gentle tradewinds and spectacular sunsets along with tropical drink specialties and delicious caribbean fare. try a monkeylala, the naughty cocktail that put roatan on the map! then indulge yourself in our innovative menu – sample fresh local produce and seafood along with homemade pasta and delicious sauces featuring flavors of the island… with an italian twist.roatan’s spectacular dive and snorkel sites lie along the largest barrier reef system in this hemisphere. we are an authorized padi dive resort offering exciting dive excursions and a full range of padi courses. experience our specialty dive service and see for yourself why guests from around the world return to dive with us again and again!getting to roatan is easy! non-stop service from houston, miami, atlanta and dallas is only a short, two or three hour flight. if you’re a visitor to roatan, our tranquil location is the perfect beach getaway or dive/snorkel spot. come and spend the day with us… we’d love to meet you! catch a glimpse of paradise… live!

 
 

  



popular bungalows
view all →
open detailopen gallerysuperior bungalowfrom $99 per night
open detailopen gallerystandard plus bungalowfrom $89 per night
open detailopen gallerystandard bungalowfrom $79 per night
copyright © 2024 las rocas resort & dive center - roatan, bay islands of hondurasstay connectedtwitterfacebookgoogle plusfacebookskype     




