



hawaiian surf school

 















































hawaiian surf school
surf lessons oahu with ken bradshaw













home
hawaiian surf school

beginner surf lessons
intermediate surf lessons
hawaii surf guide
surf instructors oahu
private surf lessons
group surf lessons


surf lessons oahu
pro surfing coach
the biggest wave
contactus
ourblog

letter from a recent surf student










ken bradshawsurf school 

hawaiian surf schoollearn to surf with world renowned big wave surfer and professional surfing coach, ken bradshaw.  north shore oahu based surfing school surf lessons for beginner to advanced surf instruction.  (808) 638-8374
 



 





forbes interviewjanuary 28 

condition blackon jan. 28, 1998, surfer ken bradshaw rode an 85-foot wave face at outside log cabins reef off oahu's north shore, a world record which arguably still stands today...
 



 





group surf lessonsnorth shore oahu 

spring 2010 specialprivate and public group surfing lessons on the north shore of oahu, hawaii.  book your 2010 hawaii surf lesson reservations.  call today! (808) 638-8374
 



 





surf classes hawaiiadvanced surf classes 

bradshaw + advanced surf classes bring together the best location and decades of heavy water experience.  ken bradshaw's advanced surf school classes can offer multiple days of instruction in water safety technique, jet ski assist, physical conditioning and more.
 



 





big wednesdaybiggest day 

fine art surf printken is proud to present an epic print of an amazing shot from that day. there are only a limited quantity of these prints being sold.
 



 





learn to surf in hawaiisurf lessons oahu 

surf lessons on oahuwe offer surf lessons for kids and surf lessons adults. in fact we have surf lessons for all ages and experience levels.   lets go surf!
 



 











hawaiian surf school
aloha! welcome to the ken bradshaw school of surfing in hawaii located on the beautiful north shore of oahu.
the ultimate goal of our surf school is to share ocean skills and wave knowledge that will help improve your surfing no matter what level you are at.
 ensuring genuine focus can be given on each surfer individually, even in our group surf lessons, our surf school maintains a max 3:1 student to instructor ratio.  our surf instructors teach no more then three surfers at one time to so that you get the most out of your surf lesson.

>more about our hawaiian surf school
 
professional surfing coach hawaii
ken bradshaw is one of only a few professional surf coaches with proven multiple world champion experience.  ken bradshaw coached and custom shaped surfboards for 7x world champion women's surfer layne beachley.  in addition to having traveled the world coaching surfing at all the world tour locations, being based in hawaii, ken has a particularly intimate understanding the north shore oahu surf conditions as well as the strategy and equipment needed to excel as a professional surfer in the islands.

>more about professional surfing coach




hawaii surf lessons oahu
whether you are a complete beginner with no ocean experience, an intermediate surfer wanting to fine tune you surfing skills, or and experienced surfer looking to push your surfing to the next level and gain confidence in larger waves,  kb hawaiian surf school can provide an individual package suited to your needs!



    * beginner surf lessons on oahu
    * intermediate surf lessons on oahu
    * advanced surf lessons on oahu
    * professional surf coach in hawaii

 
beginner  surf lessons on oahu
for beginner surf lessons on oahu ken bradshaw surf school instructors teach the foundations surfing basics on the beach and in beautiful safe small wave surfing coves. our beginner surf lessons instructors are exceedingly patient and dedicated to helping beginning surfers learn to surf in a safe, fun and reassuring environment.

beginner surf lessons conducted in such sheltered north shore locations often proved the added benefit of surfing near hawaiian sea turtles: 
>more about beginner surf lessons hawaii
 
intermediate  surf lessons on oahu
for intermediate surf lessons on oahu ken bradshaw be your surf guide and take you to the best surf spots for your ability and for the conditions each day.  he will teach you the specifics of the various surf spots and help you advance your surfing ability.
>more about intermediate surfing lessons




hawaii surf classes oahu
for the ultimate learning or advanced surfing experience, we now offer a variety of week long north shore oahu surf class packages which will immerse you into the surfing experience of a lifetime.  with seasonally excellent surf on all side of the island of oahu, we operate surf classes in hawaii all year round.
>more about surf classes in hawaii
 
private surf lessons with ken
learn to surf with a pro.  private surf lessons are available to all levels of experience.  what better way to shorten the learning curve and ensure you are implementing best practices and techniques than to learn from one of the best surfers of our time.  private 1 on 1 surf lessons with mr. ken bradshaw.  

>more about private surf lesson in hawaii
 
advanced surf guide north shore
with ken bradshaw as your private surf guide in hawaii, you'll gain direct access to a wealth of surfing knowledge and experience.  if you are interested in surfing smarter in larger waves, considering exploring the outer reefs, or simply looking to get the best waves possible while surfing prime north shore lineups, then our advanced surf guide program is for you! !

>more about advanced surf guide hawaii
reservations. contact us today
mahalo for visiting ken bradshaw hawaiian surf school.  we cater to your individual needs, so please do not hesitate to contact us directly at (808) 638-8374 should you have any questions or comments.  aloha, ken bradshaw.






 











looking for something?
use the form below to search the site:



 still not finding what you're looking for? drop a comment on a post or contact us so we can take care of it!




visit our friends!a few highly recommended friends...adquantify web design and marketing
cr8change green web hosting




ken bradshaw's twitterno recent twitter posts. 





 



home
hawaiian surf school
surf lessons oahu
pro surfing coach
the biggest wave
contactus
ourblog


					© 2010 ken bradshaw hawaiian surf school north shore oahu						 
						— page load time: 0.610 seconds.									
				


 
 




