





behavior health digest









behavior health digest

©
volume 11 issue 4              
       edited by abraham kuperberg, ph.d.

                                               







          








       







         










         







 
 

 
mental health disorders are common in the united states and 
internationally. an estimated 26.2 percent of americans ages 18 and older - 
about one in four adults - suffer from a diagnosable mental health disorder in a 
given year. many mental health disorders have their beginnings in childhood or 
adolescence. the national health and nutritional examination survey found that 
13 percent of children ages 8 to 15 had at least one mental health disorder, a 
rate that is comparable to diabetes, asthma, and other diseases of childhood. 
yet, mental health disorders often go undiagnosed and untreated for years. help 
usually begins by acquiring information and learning about treatment choices. 
see links below for additional information about specific disorders and 
treatments:














































 

choosing a mental health professional for 
		you or your child-

every individual experiences emotional difficulties from time to time but at some 
point the problems may warrant professional attention. yet many are 
usually less familiar with, or feel confused about, obtaining mental health 
care. individuals or parents may not readily recognize the presenting symptoms as a mental 
health problem. they may feel embarrassed or ashamed, think they should handle 
the problem on their own, feel the situation is hopeless, disagree when others 
suggest the need for outside help, or dismiss or misunderstand an emotional problem. unfortunately, misconceptions and shame may delay or prevent adults and 
children from getting the help they need. when one is concerned about a 
possible mental health issue they can benefit from seeking guidance from a 
professional. this article describes when to seek help, discusses 
common myths about mental health, and describes the different approaches offered 
by various mental health professionals.











are americans cheating more?-


david callahan recently published a book "the cheating culture: why more 
americans are doing wrong to get ahead" (harcourt.)  americans more and 
more frequently take the quick, dishonest route to wealth, writes callahan. "it 
is just too easy in this society for cheaters to float seamlessly upward, seeing 
few downsides along the way," he maintains. we cheat on our taxes and our sats, 
we lie on our resume, we overcharge our clients and customers, and from there it 
is a short leap to the sorts of business and investment fraud that swept america 
in the 1990s and exploded with scandals like enron and worldcom.  
white-collar crime is rarely severely punished. no one will be socially 
ostracized for stealing cable service -- as 10 percent of chicago households do, 
according to one study -- or pirating music online.
 

america needs a new social contract, callahan concludes, as well as more
individuals unafraid to be "chumps" if they are honest when others
aren't.

doing right can be as simple and small as leaving a tip in a roadside restaurant
where you'll never be seen again. rational-choice theory -- the hypothesis,
popular in economics and political science, that we behave in ways that
efficiently serve our self-interest -- can't explain such behavior. nor can it
explain why we make anonymous gifts to charity, return lost wallets to
strangers, or choose to work for modest pay at socially useful jobs.











the psychology of hoarding-

people who hoard things are unable to organize and may fill their 
		houses so full of stuff that they cannot function normally. hoarders 
		typically fill their living space with so many things that they can’t 
		hold a job, keep track of their own bills, enter certain rooms, invite 
		family or friends to visit or even find a bed. some have been hoarding 
		for so long they don’t remember what they have been collecting. hoarders 
		tend to be emotional; they attach sentimental value to most of their 
		belongings, even used paper coffee cups or outdated calendars.  the 
		first extreme case of hoarding came to light in 1947, when police found 
		homer and langley collyer dead inside their fifth avenue brownstone in 
		harlem, n.y. according to news reports, langley collyer had transformed 
		their house into a fortress with packing boxes and cartons in 
		interlocking tiers with hidden tunnels. he hoarded thousands of 
		newspapers, books, furniture, clothes, toys – you name it. he had 
		hoarded so much stuff; the house was starting to buckle under the weight 
		of it all, and langley was buried alive while trying to bring his 
		brother food.
 










dealing with the 
consequences of suicide-
more than 29,000 americans kill themselves every year. each death forcibly
derails the lives of parents and children, partners and siblings, hurtling them
into unfamiliar and sometimes perilous territory.
however, the study of suicide has for the most part been devoted to those who
choose to end their lives, not to the survivors, those left behind. only
recently have researchers begun to investigate, in a systematic fashion, the
effects of a death from suicide on family members.
"survivors were always seen as a source of information about suicides,
but few studies looked into the problems that survivors were having," said
dr. herbert hendin, the medical director of the american foundation for suicide
prevention, which joined with the national institute of mental health in may in
convening experts to assess the state of research on suicide survivors, the
first meeting of its kind. the report from the conference was recently released.  yet the lack of knowledge about how the survivors cope and grieve, how they
change as they absorb their loss, also reflects a wider public discomfort with
the subject of suicide.










the importance of 
sleeping well-
an estimated 10 to 15 percent of adults have severe or chronic insomnia. many 
cases appear to be caused by an underlying condition like depression or painful 
arthritis, and the best approach is to treat that underlying condition. but for 
perhaps 15 to 30 percent of those with chronic insomnia, no known underlying 
disorder can be found.
several studies have shown that people with insomnia are more likely than
others to become depressed.
lack of sleep, though not always caused by insomnia, can interfere with
social life, job performance and driving. at least one study has shown that
sleep deprivation results in poor glucose metabolism, a hallmark of diabetes.
a new effort appears to be developing to expand the use of sleeping pills,
which because of their potential for abuse have long had a reputation as being
in some ways more dangerous than the insomnia they are meant to treat.
some sleep experts say newer pills are safer than the ones that once caused
deaths from overdose. moreover, some say, there is growing evidence that
insomnia is a serious medical condition, not just a nuisance.  this article 
reviews the use of sleeping pills, their risks and their benefits.










 

other articles featured in this issue... (just
click on the article)
 

how
our mental skills decline as we age
depression
and cognitive behavioral therapy
addiction: a brain ailment, not a 
moral lapse
can drugs make 
us happier?  smarter?
drug blocks pot's
effect on the brain
managing
depression
talk therapy 
for teenage depression
are we prepared for 
mental health effects of terrorism?
many in denial of weight 
problems
diagnosing mental 
illness
distinctive 
cognitive styles stay with age
exercise and setting 
ease alzheimer's symptoms
the futile pursuit 
of happiness
how household junk can grow into mountains
medicating young minds
insurance 
still a barrier to mental health treatment
measures taken to 
compensate for rising iq scores

parents
favor counseling over meds for kids

soldier blues
traversing
the mystery of memory
treatment
for low sex drive
tv/video violence
and how it affects children




       















 

 book published by dr. kuperberg describes father's holocaust experiences- dr. kuperberg has
edited a book written by his father, icek kuperberg, regarding his personal
concentration camp experiences during world war ii.  icek was a prisoner in
as many as ten work and death camps.  the book is entitled memoirs of a
holocaust survivor: icek kuperbergthe synopsis of the book reads as
follows:
powerful in its stark simple language, icek kuperberg chronicles his
personal experiences as a concentration camp prisoner during world war ii.
interned in various work and death camps, icek had to use his guile and wits to
simply stay alive. that he persevered despite tremendous horrors and obstacles,
testifies to his strong will to survive.the book's web site is at http://upublish.com/books/kuperberg.htm 
one can read the first 25 pages for free, if so desired.  it is also being
featured on www.amazon.com , www.barnesandnoble.com
, and www.borders.com . simply type in
"kuperberg" and go search.  take a
look! 

original concept by dovid kuperberg  




