








storm internet - rediscover customer service













































 


 




















about us

our story
our community
careers
contact us


residential

residential internet
home phone
storm tv


business

business services
industries served


news

press releases
resources
events
webinars


my account

customer portal
voip portal
my email


support
 





select page


  
 



 



 




 









sweetheart promo
refer someone to storm internet in february, and you’ll get two 
months of free service! plus, they’ll receive one month free!
learn more








fibre internet is here!
experience our local fibre to the home service with a
two-year price guarantee!
explore today












our internet services 







voip home phone





business internet





residential internet





tv services









popular residential internet plans





dsl ultimate 25

$56.95/month +hst

for multi-devices, fast online experiences, streaming and video conferencing.


n

up to 25 mbps down




n

up to 10 mbps up




n

unlimited data/month





cable lightning unlimited

$68.95/month +hst

fast and unlimited online experiences and streaming with faster downloads.


n

up to 75 mbps down




n

up to 10 mbps up




n

unlimited data/month





wireless velocity 25

$104.95/month +hst

fast and unlimited online experiences and streaming with faster downloads.


n

up to 25 mbps down




n

up to 10 mbps up




n

unlimited data/month







view more internet packages








our team is part of the local community, just like you.
our sales, support and management teams are based out of ottawa, chesterville and perth, ontario.























your local, reliable isp
we are a local internet service provider in ottawa and eastern ontario. we’ve been providing exceptional service to our customers for more than 25 years.



growing to keep up!
we continue to update our technology and services to bring you better speeds, keeping you connected to what matters most.



local service and support
we never outsource our support calls. storm internet’s support staff are members of the local community, just like you.














residential internet customers




commercial internet customers





residential internet
get the locations, speeds, and bandwidth your household needs to thrive. get connected to storm internet residential services, with unlimited plans starting as low as $39/month.



commercial internet
we offer businesses more choices, in more places. ranging from dsl, fibre, wireless, or cable, with a variety of customized network solutions.















fast download and upload speeds at an affordable price

do you love to stream, watch youtube, and binge netflix? with storm internet, the speed you sign up for is what you get. unlike other isps, we do not throttle to regulate network traffic.
we understand that our customers want internet that is both affordable and reliable. we’ve been steadily growing because our services are fairly-priced, we’re local, and we pride ourselves on exceptional customer service.








refer a friend

did you know that we have a refer a friend program?
refer your friends or family members to storm internet. if they sign up with our residential internet services, you will both receive a free month of service! be sure to let us know the name of the current storm internet customer.











testimonials







storm’s technical support is without a doubt the best i have ever experienced anywhere in the telecom or isp sector. you folks are knowledgeable, helpful, and professional.
mike m.







for the last 5+ years i have relied on storm internet to serve our ever growing needs for reliable and consistent internet service for our home and business. this seems like a great challenge for many internet service providers out there, yet with storm internet i have never suffered an interruption in service, unless it was part of some maintenance needing to be done – and we were always informed well in advance of that.

what really separates storm internet from its competition is the ongoing support from the sales and technical support staff. they are knowledgeable, quick to answer when you call, and live in our communities. these qualities make a huge difference in today’s tech world where service is too often delivered far away and an afterthought rather than the first thought of a company. i hear about my neighbours’ challenges with other internet service providers and i tell them give storm internet a try. to date, no one has ever been disappointed.
mitch b.
north lancaster






we have been extremely pleased with their competent, timely and cost effective performance and continue to work on new projects with them. we have very good speeds by rural standards and outages are uncommon. when we have had issues the help desk has been very useful. often they will have already been alerted to the issue and started diagnosing before we even picked up the phone
michael s.
sevita international corp.









join thousands of satisfied customers
with storm internet, the speed you sign up for is what you get! unlike other isps, we do not throttle to regulate network traffic. we understand that our customers want internet that is both affordable and reliable, while also providing superior customer service. 

get started









contact ushead office





1760 courtwood crescentottawa, on k2c 2b5
toll-free: 1-866-257-8676



rediscover customer service.


 





followfollowfollowfollowfollowfollow





hours of operations




support hours:monday-friday 8am-8pmsaturday-sunday 10am-2pm
sales hours:monday-friday 8am-4pm
billing hours:monday-friday 9am-5pm







company




our storyour communitycareerscontact uscomplaints & the ccts
news & eventspress releasesresourcesevents







business services




internet for businessnetworking for businessit for businessiot for businessindustries served





residential services




residential internethome phone







terms of service   |   privacy policy  |  corporate responsibility policy |  accessibility  |   voip 911 terms
© copyright 1996-2025 storm internet services |  all rights reserved.



 









































