
















home - rcs sound software


























































































 skip to main content skip to header right navigation skip to site footerrcs sound softwarethe world's largest broadcast software companymenuservices

zetta
gselector
aquira
rcs news
rcs2go
rcs disaster recovery
revma
audiodisplay


company

about us
media releases
careers
contract engineers
worldwide offices


blog
rcs academy
support
contact us
log in





services



radio automation software



music scheduling reinvented



crm & sales proposal solution



expandable and powerful






cloud-based safety net



work from any location



professional grade streaming



about us
rcs has a proud history of innovation, currently holding 64 patents in the field of broadcasting. inventors of computerized music scheduling with the legendary selector, rcs continues to lead the way with multiple award-winning products such as zetta radio automation, gselector music scheduling, aquira traffic, the groundbreaking 2go series of mobile solutions and the zetta cloud. new to the list is revma, an affordable and complete online professional streaming solution, with guaranteed reliability, 24/7 support, professional audio processing and integrated listener reports. the most respected names in the industry choose rcs as their software provider because the best use the best.

learn more

latest news



groupe 1981 signs five-year contract with rcs to optimize programming(january 28, 2025) – on the occasion of the paris radio show, groupe 1981 announces the signing of a five-year agreement with rcs, world leader…
continue reading


rcs live covering daylight savings timeit’s an engineer’s favorite time of year – daylight savings time (dst). as a friendly reminder, we reviewed how zetta and gselector handle daylight savings…continue readingzetta 5.24.1 new featuresrcs is excited to announce the release of zetta 5.24.1. a significant update that includes over 470 enhancements and fixes. 
continue reading







privacy policy | terms of use | list of patents
cookie settings
copyright © 2025 rcs sound software. all rights reserved. all marks and logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of rcs. other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.

























