


james long, ph.d., p.e., analog & rf consulting engineer












 
james long, ph.d., p.e.
retired analog and rf consulting engineer
 how to contact me


if you arrived here from a search engine and were not looking for engineering information, click here to go to the bottom of this page to find what the search engine had in mind.





problem solving and new designs by using scientific theory and practical experience
and not by mindlessly copying hobbyist handbook, application note, or cad circuits
without knowing their limitations or how and why they work.

 



there is no such thing as magic.  most of electrical engineering was invented by 1925, reduced to practice by 1935, and mathematically analyzed and scientifically understood by 1945. the last bit was finished by 1965. since then there has been only a minor trickle.
it is the changes in government regulations and the lowered costs provided by the large engineering efforts put into improvements in manufacturing efficiencies that have caused the wide spread use of electronic items.
here are examples.  phase locking of oscillators was mathematically understood by 1650. the fft goes back several hundred years.  feedback control systems were patented by james watt in 1788 and the routh stability test was published in 1884.  waveguides were mathematically analyzed and understood by 1880.  frequency hopping spread spectrum was a commonly known concept by 1917.  by 1900 dsp was well developed and even the z to the integer exponent notation was in use. digital computers were mathematically understood by 1800 and reduced to practice by 1943.





school trained in analog and rf at cal poly (bsel with honors) and stanford (msee, ph.d. ee with sigma xi induction).
former caltech prof., signal corps captain, and vietnam veteran (fta).
45+ years of exclusively analog and rf hardware & system design & analysis hands-on experience.
35+ years in industry.
25+ years in consulting.



who can benefit from a consultant?
won't the irs fine me for not using an agency?
what type of consultant is best for my needs?
some of my skill areas.
descriptions of some of my past projects.
some of my patents all of which are assigned to clients.


miscellaneous

first phone fcc license (now general radiotelephone) with radar endorsement
extra class fcc ham license 
electrical pe in a few  states




the surprising history of mixers and other cases of misplaced credit.
the conjugate match false god
baluns and balloons
why businesses fail and under perform
my favorite links
good books
product reviews
why many marriages fail
what really happened in vietnam
my favorite quotes
social harm caused by irresponsible journalism
what end time evangelists won't tell you
the seven deadly sins
eharmony dating site review





top of this page
contact me
©  2012
mtf








[an error occurred while processing this directive]


