






 
friends of bellanca airfield, inc. – bellanca airfield museum




































































skip to content



foba@friendsofbellanca.org
search:










bellanca airfield museum



home aboutexhibits  historyinfographic timeline air service hangar bellanca airplanes giuseppe m. bellanca  events media centernewsletter archives  contact usbecome a volunteer donate friends of bellanca airfield, inc.foba membership   
donate today




 
aboutbecome a volunteercontact usdonateeventsexhibitsfriends of bellanca airfield, inc.foba membershiphistoryair service hangarbellanca airplanesgiuseppe m. bellancainfographic timelinehomemedia centernewsletter archivesshopcartcheckoutuseful reference linksportfolio 




friends of bellanca airfield, inc.you are here:homefriends of bellanca airfield, inc. 









friends of bellanca airfield, inc. (foba) is a not-for-profit organization dedicated to preserving and restoring the air service, inc. hangar to honor the memory of pioneer aircraft designer giuseppe mario bellanca.
bellanca immigrated from italy in 1911 and continued his passion for aircraft design here in the united states.  his aircraft achieved numerous endurance and efficiency records, and his plane columbia (shown at left) was charles lindbergh’s first choice for a trans-atlantic crossing.  lindbergh was unable to secure the plane, but 2 weeks after that first trans-atlantic flight columbia was flown non-stop from new york to berlin (3,911 miles).  in 1931, bellanca’s miss veedol was the first plane to fly non-stop across the pacific from japan to washington state (4,500 miles, shown at right).
in 1928, bellanca and henry b. dupont built an airfield, aircraft plant, and air service hangar in new castle, delaware.  located off route 273 near the delaware river, the plant produced approximately 3000 aircraft before closing in 1954.
foba members and volunteers are restoring the 1935 air service hangar, owned by the trustees of the new castle common. interested individuals may contact foba by filling out the contact form on this website or sending an email to foba@friendsofbellanca.org for more information.
please: become a member!

















visit the museum bellanca airfield museum
2 centerpoint blvd
new castle, de 19720
(1 mile east of the new castle farmers
market on route 13 (next to amazon)

newsletter sign-up please click the link below to sign-up for monthly emails about the bellanca airfield museum and the friends of bellanca airfield (foba) organization.
> click here to sign-up

friends of bellanca airfield (foba) the bellanca airfield museum is preserved and run by the foba organization. learn more about this non-profit organization and how to become a member or become a volunteer.

 







 bellanca museum 2016-2023. all rights reserved. website by grunge muffin designs









go to top







































































