




hardware | oracle






















































































































































































skip to content
accessibility policy















products
industries
resources
customers
partners
developers
company









close search











search oracle.com


quick links
oracle cloud infrastructure

oracle fusion cloud applications
oracle database
download java

careers at oracle

















search







country















view accounts


back

cloud account
sign in to cloud
sign up for free cloud tier

oracle account

sign-in
create an account


help
sign out




contact sales



menu






menu





























   try oracle cloud free tier   





oracle hardware

oracle hardware includes a full suite of scalable engineered systems, servers, and storage that let enterprises optimize application and database performance, protect crucial data, and lower costs. organizations improve database performance, simplify management, and lower costs with exclusive features and automated operations that aren’t available with other solutions.














  oracle exadata: next-generation intelligent data architecture
join kothanda umamageswaran and bob thome to learn how the newest oracle exadata system delivers extreme performance and efficiency for ai, oltp, and analytics workloads—wherever needed.

watch the announcement


















modernize oracle database environments
find out how telcos are modernizing mission-critical systems to improve operational efficiency.


read omdia’s ebook (pdf)




accelerate infrastructure deployment with oracle private cloud appliance
understand how to use appliances to accelerate innovation.


read esg’s analysis (pdf)















oracle hardware benefits






oracle database runs faster and more efficiently
oracle hardware lets it teams deploy optimized solutions in customer data centers and easy-to-manage appliances in remote offices and edge environments. solutions with full-stack integration and optimizations let customers run oracle database up to 10x faster with oracle exadata’s smart scan query offload.
watch ntt docomo’s story (0:48)




easy integration with oracle’s public cloud
built-in oracle cloud infrastructure (oci) integrations make it easy for organizations to develop and deploy cloud native applications across oci and customer data centers, store data in the public cloud, and simplify both data protection and cloud migrations. oracle cloud observability and management platform provides it teams with the information they need to understand and manage all the layers of their it stack, no matter where it’s located.




enhanced availability and data protection
oracle it infrastructure helps organizations increase the availability of their mission-critical oracle databases and applications. fault-tolerant, scale-out designs and built-in capabilities simplify the implementation of oracle maximum availability architecture (maa) best practices, letting customers achieve up to 99.999% availability with oracle exadata in maa configurations, as described in idc’s analysis (pdf).
watch exelon’s story (1:28)




lower costs with high performance consolidation
oracle hardware lowers the cost of running on-premises workloads by reducing the number of systems required, delivering higher performance per software license, and reducing it staff workloads. oracle private cloud appliance lets customers consolidate containerized, cloud native applications—and those running natively on multiple operating systems—onto a single platform while cloud@customer solutions let organizations benefit from consumption-based economics in their own data centers. 
analyst report: autonomous database on exadata cloud@customer reduces tco by 47% (pdf)


watch hyundai home shopping group's story (1:48)













oracle hardware products





oracle exadata
oracle engineered systems
oracle servers
oracle storage












the best oracle database platform
oracle exadata's full-stack architecture improves the performance, scale, and availability of an enterprise’s oracle databases. exadata gives you choice and flexibility in terms of where to run your oracle database workloads, with availability on oracle cloud infrastructure (oci); multicloud environments with aws, azure, and google cloud; a hybrid cloud in your data center; and with on-premises deployments.



explore oracle exadata



features

a full-stack, integrated solution reduces integration requirements.
a high-availability infrastructure maximizes database uptime.
a scalable design enables database consolidation for organizations of any size.
full compatibility across on-premises, hybrid cloud, oci, and multicloud deployments simplifies moving to the cloud.
intelligent storage increases database performance and controls costs.
sql read latency of less than 14 microseconds improves oltp responsiveness.
up to 7 tb/sec sql throughput accelerates data-intensive analytics applications.
up to 22.4 million sql i/o operations per second per rack increases throughput for consolidated workloads.


















pre-built and optimized for crucial enterprise workloads
oracle engineered systems are integrated, full-stack solutions that are developed with oracle database and applications to run customer workloads faster, at lower costs, and with greater security than multivendor, on-premises solutions. scalable designs enable  enterprises to consolidate  existing it infrastructure and quickly adjust to surges in demand, while management automation reduces administrative workloads and helps control costs.



explore engineered systems


advantages vs diy (pdf)



features

complete solutions eliminate  multivendor infrastructure integration
full-stack quarterly patching cuts patching workload by over 80% (pdf)
reliable edge appliances reduce downtime in remote locations by up to up to 99% as described by idc
cloud data-protection and migration capabilities make it easy to protect data and move to the cloud
incremental scaling easily supports growing application and database requirements

trusted partition licensing cuts software costs by up to 85%
continuous protection for crucial oracle databases


















secure application infrastructure
oracle’s x86 and sparc servers run enterprise applications in on-premises data centers and edge environments with high performance, security, reliability, and efficiency. enterprise java, oracle database, and application workloads run at peak performance and with efficient virtualization while the inclusion of operating system and virtualization software at no addition charge lower total cost of ownership (tco).



explore servers


oracle x86 innovations (pdf)



features

entry-level to high-end servers for scale-up, scale-out, and edge deployments
sparc servers meet enterprise needs for reliable and cost-effective unix solutions
oracle linux or oracle solaris and oracle vm are included at no cost with every oracle x86 server
proven solaris operating system guaranteed to run existing sparc/solaris applications into the future
redundant designs with hot-swappable components increase oracle database and application availability
integrated encryption, application memory protection, and compliance auditing improve data and system security
oracle solaris and multiple forms of virtualization are included at no cost with every oracle sparc server


















high performance storage
oracle’s high performance enterprise storage is optimized for oracle workloads and cloud with unmatched tco for active storage, data protection, and archive. leading, large-scale enterprises continue to choose oracle storage to run their applications faster, provides superior protection against cyberattacks, and securely preserve their long-term data. unique integration with the oracle database and oracle cloud infrastructure provide unmatched efficiency, simplicity, and performance.



explore storage


read esg’s analysis  (pdf)



features

unified file, block, and object storage meets customers active storage needs
up to 8 pb of all-flash storage for latency-sensitive applications
up to 18 gb/sec throughput accelerates data-warehouse and data-protection workloads
io prioritization optimizes oracle database storage performance
data protection solutions with unique oracle database integrations accelerates recovery of crucial information
tape automation reduces the cost of managing archives by up to 95% (pdf) according to esg
up to 57 eb of uncompressed capacity and 29 pb/hour throughput under a single pane of glass management provides nearly limitless scalability






















view all customer successes
oracle hardware customer successes
thousands of organizations worldwide use oracle hardware to run and protect business-critical databases and applications with high performance, scale, and security while reducing administrative burdens and tco.
































swisscom improves operational efficiency and protects databases with oracle hardware

watch swisscom’s exadata story (1:35)


watch swisscom’s recovery appliance story (1:31)













oracle hardware use cases



simplify management with cloud capabilities
accelerate enterprise applications and databases while reducing it management workloads with the same database and systems technology as oracle cloud infrastructure.
read the deutsche bank story

implement an oracle database private cloud
reduce data center complexity by consolidating multiple database workloads on the same exadata cloud@customer infrastructure.
read the moneta money bank story

consolidate application infrastructure
reduce the number of servers and storage systems required to run application workloads, cut it management workloads with automation, and lower total cost of ownership by consolidating all aspects of your it environment with oracle hardware.
read zonamerica’s story

modernize applications with optimized in-database analytics and machine learning
integrate oracle machine learning capabilities into applications, build machine-learning models faster by eliminating data movement, and accelerate business analytics with oracle exadata’s optimized in-database capabilities.
read yapi kredi bank’s story

protect application and database information enterprisewide
protect databases with up to 50x faster backups and 8x faster recoveries while speeding up the protection of all other data with high performance oracle hardware.
watch energy transfer’s story (1:24)














january 7, 2025
 introducing oracle exadata x11m for exadata database service and autonomous database
bob thome, vice president, exadata product management
we are excited to announce the immediate availability of oracle exadata x11m for cloud deployments. this next-generation intelligent data platform runs oracle exadata database service and oracle autonomous database in the oracle cloud, multicloud deployments, and in your data center with exadata cloud@customer.
read the complete post  | subscribe to the blog



featured oracle hardware blogs


january 7, 2025
introducing exadata x11m: next-generation intelligent data architecture


january 7, 2025
global industry analyst perspectives on oracle exadata x11m


march 7, 2023
york university chooses oracle exadata cloud@customer to improve the experience of students, educators, and staff


may 4, 2022
oracle exadata cloud@customer enhances moneta’s move to digital banking


march 11, 2022
global industry analyst perspectives on multi-vm autonomous database on exadata cloud@customer


view all












get started





contact an oracle expert


find out how oracle hardware solutions can help your specific business needs.


get in touch



















resources for

careers
developers
investors
partners
researchers
students and educators





why oracle

analyst reports

best cloud-based
erp
cloud economics
social impact
culture and inclusion
security practices





learn

what is cloud
computing?
what is crm?
what is
docker?
what is
kubernetes?
what is
python?
what is saas?





news and events

news
oracle cloudworld
oracle cloudworld tour
oracle health summit
oracle dev tour
search all events





contact us

us sales: +1.800.633.0738
how can we help?
subscribe to emails
integrity helpline
accessibility










country/region





© 2025 oracle
privacy/do not sell my
info



ad
choices
careers




























