



fvbia - fraser valley brain injury association


























































skip to content 


 




 





 






menu 
fvbia

about us
eligibility for services
how you can help


upcoming events

brain injury golf classic tournament
50/50 jackpot draw 2024
fvbia pub night fundraiser
fvbia christmas tea
upcoming training & webinars


brain injury awareness & prevention

brain injury awareness activities
bike safety


fvbia programs

fvbia programs


brain injury information

brain injury & employment

succeeding in the business world as an adult with a disability


brain injury & emergency preparedness

are you prepared for an emergency?


brain injury & driving
brain injury resources & links
brain injury – children & youth

young at arts summer program
a look at how brain injury affects the whole family – for ages 11 and up
a look at how brain injury affects the whole family – for ages 5-10


brain injury information, services & resources


concussions

concussion resources


fvbia newsletter

current newsletters
newsletter archives


brain injury posts, articles and news
contact us
 








fvbia 

please contact the office to book a time if you need to come in. otherwise, phone and emails will be answered during regular office hours 8:00 am – 2:30 pm, monday – friday.please contact us at 604-557-1913 or email us at info@fvbia.org for further inquiries, questions or concerns. 

it’s time to learn about acquired brain injury (abi)
services and support
if you are looking for information or support because you or someone you know has had an acquired brain injury, please contact us.
the fraser valley brain injury association (fvbia) provides a variety of services including case management services, support groups and drop-in centres.  
a variety of community-based recreation programs are going on throughout the valley at any given time. 
see our latest newsletter for current times and locations for all activities.
we also have a number of annual events including the the brain injury golf classic, and the christmas party and silent auction fundraiser.
you can also contact us for more details about any of the following:

resources and information
general information on acquired brain injury (abi)
presentations on prevention and awareness of brain injury
education for family members, including children and siblings of survivors
training and education for professionals
resource materials and community resources

case management


effective 1-1 case management is the cornerstone to recovery after acquired brain injury. 
fvbia offers skilled case managers to identify areas of need and help navigate the complex path back into the community.
contact us for more information.









facebook 



fraser valley brain injury association
 

 7 hours ago 








family caregivers of british columbia | support and resources for you

www.familycaregiversbc.ca
supporting unpaid caregivers with tools, connection and education so you can show up strongly for yourself and those you care for.



view on facebook

·
share



share on facebook



share on twitter



share on linked in



share by email









recent posts


entrepreneurship: initiating a venture as a parent facing disabilities


brain fatigue


autonomic arousal problems following brain injury


insight and problem solving without self-awareness


acquired brain injury and nutrition


acquired brain injury information & resource package 
download fvbia’s acquired brain injury information and resource package

 








contact us
how you can help
privacy policy
 





 








© 2020 fvbia 

© 2025 fraser valley brain injury association • built with generatepress 



















