













home | ohio watershed network


















































skip to main content








the ohio state university




help
buckeyelink
map
find people
webmail
search ohio state



 













cfaes
give today



ohio watershed network 

ohio watershed network
https://ohiowatersheds.osu.edu




ohio state university extension












search form

search 





 

 

menu





 

homeabout usohio watersheds mailing listnewseventscalendarpast eventsknow your well waterwell water interpretation toolmediawell ownerspartnersresourcesosu extension 













        survey shows need for investing in people for clean water      

        see ‘news’ (below) for executive summary and leadership for midwestern watersheds webpage. 


      

        read more »
      









 
 
 





 




home







the ohio watershed network provides information to community members and natural resources professionals who want to protect the resources in their watershed.
this website focuses on community-based watershed management. community-based watershed management provides individuals, groups, and institutions with a stake in water management outcomes to participate in identifying and addressing issues that affect or are affected by watershed functions. learn more about community-based watershed management with our fact sheet.
 



 



news



  
advice for making local watershed projects more inclusive
apr 23, 2021
diversity is a fact. equity is a choice. inclusion is an action. belonging is an outcome. check out jenny seifert's blog at https://northcentralwater.org/advice-for-making-local-watershed-projects-more-inclusive/


new survey shows the need for investing in people for clean water
feb 24, 2021
leadership for midwestern watersheds, a program of sand county foundation and partner of north central region water network (ncrwn), just released a new report of a survey that assessed the professional development and peer learning needs and opportunities among watershed project leaders in the upper midwest. 


great lakes restoration initiative (glri) grants/cooperative agreements
may 8, 2019
great lakes news       
 


    more news  

 

 







search form

search 





 




own mailing list




watershed groups

search for watershed groups in ohio by county or 8-digit hydrologic unit code (huc) or view the full list of watershed groups. this directory was last updated spring of 2015.


 










locate an office
we connect with people in all stages of life, from young children to older adults.  we work with families and children, farmers and businessowners, community leaders and elected officials to build better lives, better businesses and better communities to make ohio great.





locate an office in my county
locate a statewide office
extension personnel directory


 
 





©  2025 the ohio state university, college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences


ohio watershed network

college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences
school of environment and natural resources
371a kottman hall,
2021 coffey rd,
columbus, oh 43210
phone: 614-292-8603


 






the ohio state university
college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences
ohio state university extension
ohio agricultural research and development center
ohio state ati










2025 | 2120 fyffe road | room 3 ag admin bldg. | columbus, ohio 43210 | 614-292-6181
accessibility accommodation
if you have a disability and experience difficulty accessing this content request accommodation here.
maintenance and support
this site designed and maintained by cfaes marketing and communications.  for technical support please contact the cfaes helpdesk. 
 cfaes diversity  |  nondiscrimination notice  |  site map





 












