 national runaway safeline | 24/7 youth support and resources           



skip to contentnational runaway safeline

 
call 1-800-runaway


 
chat


 
email


 
forum


 
text


 
exit


 



 



 



 



 



 



 youth & teensget helphome freeyouth & teens faqresources for young peopleconcerned adultsget help concerned adultsresources for concerned adultsconcerned adults faqservice providerspartner with ustechnical assistancetraining opportunitiesservice providers faqprevention & educationyouth hope month 2024youth hope month awards rsvpeducational and outreach materialsget involvedevent calendarvolunteer opportunitiesdonate todayabout usget to know nrsleadershipleadership transition statementemployment opportunitiesmedia contacts and materialsnational partners & agencies
 menuyouth & teensget helphome freeyouth & teens faqresources for young peopleconcerned adultsget help concerned adultsresources for concerned adultsconcerned adults faqservice providerspartner with ustechnical assistancetraining opportunitiesservice providers faqprevention & educationyouth hope month 2024youth hope month awards rsvpeducational and outreach materialsget involvedevent calendarvolunteer opportunitiesdonate todayabout usget to know nrsleadershipleadership transition statementemployment opportunitiesmedia contacts and materialsnational partners & agencieshere to listen.
here to help.here to listen. here to help.24/7 crisis connection

 
call
tap to call us
learn more


 
chat
tap to live chat
learn more


 
email
tap to send email
learn more


 
forum
tap to view forum
learn more


 
text

learn more

you need someone to talk to...
feeling alone and unheard can potentially place you in a dangerous situation. you may feel isolated from supports, and this isolation can lead to depression, anger, frustration and suicidal ideation.we understandyour situation is difficult and you may be feeling a wide range of emotions. we’re here to help you sort them out and make a plan.we’re here 24/7. there is always someone available to listen and offer confidential, non-directive and non-judgemental support.we’re trained to help. each team member is prepared to listen to your story, help you handle a crisis and guide you to solutions that will improve your situation.


get help now

we are here to support you.
free servicesyoung people with limited or no access to money are able to use our services.
24/7there is always someone available to listen and to offer non-directive, non-judgemental support.
trained staffeveryone who contacts nrs receives the highest quality support possible.how to get help

 
be ready to ask for help and recognize nrs as a trusted resource

 
review this website and contact nrs online or via the hotline

 
be receptive to our crisis center guidance and commit to a plan


call the 1-800-runaway hotline

you don't have to live in fear...
are you enduring abuse at home? have you experienced traumatic events while living on the streets? do you find yourself unprepared to live on your own? are you unable to find local resources, such as shelters or pantries? are you ready to go home and unable to get there?there is hopeyou can find safety and stability by identifying informal supports or alternative living arrangements, employment resources and more. you can get validation of your feelings and a greater sense of confidence and you can improve your home and school life. while we can’t guarantee an immediate solution, our goal is to improve your situation. we are here to listen.


get the support you need

what our friends & volunteers say
wonderful resource if you need help with runaway youth. staff and volunteers are supportive and friendly. they will connect you to any type of service imaginable,
damariz h.google

i was a runaway myself. i was lucky, i was in the wrong place with people i didn't know, i was found in the nick of time. and i will do what i can to help other girls in trouble.
linda s.facebook

great place to volunteer, kids always need help. great people.
philin j.support google

amazing organization with staff who really cares and just the best volunteers.  the goal of nrs is to get homeless youth safe and off the streets and i know nrs is amazing at helping these youth out.
rose o.google

nrs is, without doubt, the finest volunteer opportunity i’ve ever been a part of.
carolyn s.facebook

this is a service that shouldn't be ignored. parents can contact kids. kids can contact parents. chat online or on the phone 24/7. it's private and confidential.
teresa w.facebook

frequently asked questionswhy would i need help when i can make it on my own on the streets?living on the streets is not easy. it can be dangerous, finding food and a safe place to sleep each night may be difficult, and you could find yourself at risk of engaging in unhealthy behaviors. also, it’s hard to get to school when you’re experiencing homelessness.what do i do if i can't go back to living with my parents?if returning home isn’t an option, nrs can help you create an alternative plan that keeps you safe. this is a complex situation, but you do have options.if i reach out to nrs, will you tell my parents or the police?nrs’ services are 100% confidential; no one will know you’ve contacted us or the details of what you’ve shared with us. we can contact your parents or the police on your behalf, but we won’t do so without your permission. we are mandatory reporters, so if you’re experiencing abuse, we will let you know if information must be reported to the authorities. we can only report what you tell us.if i'm not a runaway, are nrs services still appropriate for me?absolutely. nrs provides free services to youth in crisis aged 12 to 21. we hear from young people who are at home and simply need somewhere to turn for advice, and also we connect with youth who have runaway or were kicked out of their home and are now couch surfing, living in their car or staying in shelters or on the street. if you are still unsure about how we might be able to help, contact us and we can refer you to another service, if needed.here to listen. here to help.


get the help you need, call 1-800-runaway



 

here to listen.
here to help.

 
call 1-800-runaway


 
chat


 
email


 
forum


 
text

menuyouth & teensget helphome freeyouth & teens faqresources for young peopleconcerned adultsget help concerned adultsresources for concerned adultsconcerned adults faqservice providerspartner with ustechnical assistancetraining opportunitiesservice providers faqprevention & educationyouth hope month 2024youth hope month awards rsvpeducational and outreach materialsget involvedevent calendarvolunteer opportunitiesdonate todayabout usget to know nrsleadershipleadership transition statementemployment opportunitiesmedia contacts and materialsnational partners & agencies

 
3141b n. lincoln ave. chicago, il 60657

 
admin: 773-880-9860


 
fax: 773-929-5150

 
hours: 24/7

keep in touch


facebook
 



instagram
 



tiktok
 



youtube
 



linkedin
 


 
subscribe to our email newsletter
this website is supported by grant number 90cy7502 from the family and youth services bureau within the administration for children and families, a division of the u.s. department of health and human services.   neither the administration for children and families nor any of its components operate, control, are responsible for, or necessarily endorse, this website (including, without limitation, its content, technical infrastructure, and policies, and any services or tools provided.)  the opinions, findings, conclusions, and recommendations expressed are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views of the administration for children and families and the family and youth services bureau.visit our organization at nationalrunawaysafeline.org.
copyright © 2025 national runaway safelinesitemap | privacy | terms & conditions | a nectel website
scroll to topyour opinion matters

 november is national runaway prevention month (nrpm). the national runaway safeline (nrs) is rebranding nrpm to better reflect the needs of youth experiencing homelessness. we need your help to choose a new name that resonates with our community and stakeholders. please take 1-2 minutes to complete this survey.




click here to vote

2024 nrpm rebrand poll


we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue without changing your settings we’ll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on the nrs website. 


accept


we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue without changing your settings we’ll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on the nrs website. 


accept

                                                      

