



southwest watershed research center : usda ars

 



















research : usda ars









skip to main content







an official website of the united states government

here's how you know








official websites use .gov

                            a .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the united states.
                        






secure .gov websites use https

                            a lock (                            
                              locka locked padlock                                                      
                            
                            ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.

                           
                        









menu





agricultural research service
					

u.s. department of agriculture
						






                    southwest watershed research center: tucson, az
                









research


research projects
publications
collaborations
news
software




people


staff listing
careers


about swrc 



search small
 


search






ars home
about ars
contact us















photo carousel links













mission:
to develop knowledge and technology for sound management of water, plants and soil in semiarid regions














the walnut gulch experimental watershed is part of the long-term agroecosystem research network














the swrc operates the walnut gulch experimental watershed in southeastern arizona as an outdoor laboratory for studying semiarid rangeland hydrologic, ecosystem, climate, and erosion processes.  access our data using our dap web application. 














our technology transfer tools make a difference














search through our publications list




























recent publications
• the ltar grazing land common experiment at walnut gulch experimental watershed
• rangeland brush estimation tool (rabet): an operational remote sensing-based application for quantifying woody cover on western rangelands
• advances in soil erosion research: processes, measurement, and modeling – a special issue in honor of dr. mark nearing.
• quantitative representativeness and constituency of the long-term agroecosystem research network and analysis of complementarity with existing ecological networks.
• gridded 20-year climate parameterization of africa and south america for a stochastic weather generator (cligen)
• curating 62 years of walnut gulch experimental watershed data: improving the quality of long-term rainfall and runoff datasets
• assessing runoff and erosion on woodland-encroached sagebrush steppe using the rangeland hydrology and erosion model
• streamflow response to wildfire differs with season and elevation in adjacent headwaters of the lower colorado river basin
• five decades of observed daily precipitation reveal longer and more variable drought events across much of the western united states
• the usda‐ars experimental watershed network: evolution, lessons learned, societal benefits, and moving forward
• climate benchmarks and input parameters representing locations in 68 countries for a stochastic weather generator, cligen
• montane forest productivity across a semiarid climatic gradient
• the ecology, history, ecohydrology, and management of pinyon and juniper woodlands in the great basin and northern colorado plateau of the western united states
• comparative analysis of water budgets across the u.s. long-term agroecosystem research network
• ecosystem carbon and water cycling from a sky island montane forest. 
• improving snow water equivalent maps with machine learning of snow survey and lidar measurements.
• multiparameter regression modeling for improving quality of measured rainfall and runoff data in densely instrumented watersheds. 
• hydrologic model parameterization using dynamic landsat-based vegetative estimates within a semiarid grassland.
• a daily spatially explicit stochastic rainfall generator for a semi-arid climate.
• evaluating the reliability of the u.s. cooperative observer program precipitation observations for extreme events analysis using the ltar network.
• critical zone water balance over thirteen years in a semiarid savanna. 
• long-term evidence for fire as an ecohydrologic threshold reversal mechanism on woodland-encroached sagebrush shrublands.
• vegetation, hydrologic, and erosion responses of sagebrush steppe 9 yr following mechanical tree removal.
• estimating forage utilization with drone-based photogrammetric point clouds.
 


quick links
• swrc data access project (dap) • swrc scientific tools (software)  • swrc outreach tools  • publication search  • videos describing our research  • webcams • research insights in semiarid ecosystems  (rise)  • ars water research vision 2050
 




            the southwest watershed research center is located in tucson, az and is part of the pacific west area.
phone: (520) 647-9202
fax: 520-670-6493
usda, ars, sw watershed res
2000 east allen road
tucson, az 85719

































connect with ars





















 
 


 

















sign up


 

















ars home


usda.gov


plain writing


policies & links


civil rights statements


foia


accessibility statement


privacy policy


non-discrimination statement


quality of information


usa.gov


whitehouse.gov


ask usda











