
      jefferson security bank | personal & business banking | wv & md
     



homeskip to main contentskip to footerdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files.     
      jefferson security bank | personal & business banking | wv & md
    fdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. governmentjefferson security bank  toggle navigation    menuclose menu

personal


checking

savings, cds, & iras

online & mobile banking

card services

additional services

reorder checks



business


checking

savings

business services

card services

online & mobile banking

reorder checks

beneficial ownership information



lending


commercial lending

personal lending

mortgage lending

credit cards

make a payment

meet our team



resources


investor relations

financial education

cybersecurity

faqs

calculators

lost or stolen card



connect


who we are


our story

leadership

community info



get in touch


contact us

locations & hours

sponsorship & donation requests





 search close loginclose close online bankingwelcome back!log in to your account.usernamesign inforgot passwordenroll  close searchwhat can we help you find?search start site searchjefferson security bank       my money manager, available on the jsb mobile app.


learn more here and start managing your money today!  
  your small business
belongs here.





explore business banking options here play main slider/pause main slider hello
welcome to jefferson security bank.

established in 1869, jsb is the oldest operating corporation in the state of west virginia. we strive to be your trusted financial partner and continuously work to make our communities a better place. we're glad you stopped by.   
make a payment
whether you’re using your laptop or mobile device, making payments is easy!
make a payment now  
view rates
we make it easy to stay up to date on rates to help you manage your finances.
see current rates  
lost/stolen card
don’t panic, just let us know if your card is lost and we’ll take care of it.

get help with lost or stolen card  
news & announcements
stay plugged in to what’s going on atthe bank and in your community!

see news & announcements  
locations & hours
come in and see us! check our locations and hours before you make the trip.
see locations & hours  
reorder checks
if you’re running low or out of checks, we make it easy to reorder!

reorder checks online     our mission
building stronger communities for over 155 years
we are a community bank that partners with our customers to enhance their lives and enrich our communities through local decision-making. 

why bank with us?     personal checking
find the account for you.
our personal checking accounts are perfectlysuited for you! check them out today and seewhich one is best for your needs.
compare checking accounts    mobile
our mobile app makes it easy for...everything!

can we tag along, too? make deposits, transferfunds and pay bills, right from your mobiledevice!
learn about the mobile app    contact

get in touch.

got questions or comments? we’d love to hearfrom you! contact one of our team memberstoday.
contact us play secondary area slider/pause secondary area slider  what our customers say  rob vida - veterans solutions  "on behalf of my family, i am personally taking this opportunity to extend my gratitude to jsb and their team in a seamless customer centric banking environment, i have completed a plethora of mortgage processes, loans, and closeouts in the last three years. jsb's team is very attentive and responsive to all of my family's needs in purchasing a new home, a business loan for a house flip, not a rental, and perhaps more."  rachel moreno  "online banks are fine, but nothing beats having a community bank where you can go and speak to someone and work out your problem. thank you for taking care of me. i was in the door at the very last minute and still my problem was addressed with great customer service. i won't leave jsb ever!"  william burner  "jsb has been my bank since i opened a savings account as a kid over two decades ago. as i grew up in this community, got married, and had children, our banking needs and goals have changed a lot, but jsb has always been there for us and exceeded our expectations." play testimonial slider/pause testimonial slider  subscribe  
to help stay informed, just provide a few quick details about yourself and we will handle the rest.
 sign up close newsletter signup  
leave me blank for email collection.

* denotes a required fieldfirst name * (newsletter signup) last name * (newsletter signup) email address * (newsletter signup) sign up there was an error submitting the form.noticethis form requires javascript be turned on for it to work. please turn on javascript and refresh the page if you would like to submit an online form. if you cannot turn on javascript, we encourage you to contact your nearest branch location. thank you.

you've been added to our list! we appreciate your interest. got it  
why bank with jsb?

our relationship-based approach to banking focuses on local decision making. the key to our success over the years has always been the close connection we have with the people in our communities we serve. we truly strive to become financial partners with our customers, whether it is a small business or an individual. we are confident you will be proud to call jefferson security bank your bank.

american banker top-performing banks, five years of recognition            
 back to the topjefferson security bank 

about


contact us

locate us

news at jsb



get in touch


privacy

usa patriot act



resources


financial education



facebook©  jefferson security bankmember fdicequal housing lendercreated by jack henry digital 

read more on our accessibility statementwe use cookies to give you the best experience and to help improve our website and product & service delivery. for more information, please see our cookie privacy notice.accept cookies 
