





matches' engineering to chemical energy manufacturing metallurgical industries












office (405) 
		340-2673
		fax (866) 583-3035
		toll-free (800) 525-6277





home
about
news
products
services
calendar
contact








welcome
matches practices process and cost engineering to develop 
			ideas for tomorrow.   our customers consider the manufacture of chemicals, energy, 
			materials and metallurgical things that involving 
			 
			mathematics and
			
chemistry -
			
matches.
our mission
matches provides quality decision support for development of new 
			products, new process technology or improvements in chemicals, 
			energy, manufacturing and metallurgy to improve investment 
			efficiency.
our work

			matches is a licensed small engineering company. we work either 
			directly with our clients or offers confidential third party 
			analysis. our customers find that we are the most valuable 
			early in a projects where decisions have long reaching effects.
			matches provides conceptual process engineering and competitive 
			cost analysis. we determine the competitive position of products, 
			feed materials or process technology.  we assist in  
			basic design and operation. these things are of particular interest 
			to managers wanting to optimize investment in research and 
			development, acquisitions, production expansion, addition of new 
			products or changes in operation.
			
products

				products include information that aids research, development and operation of 
				chemical, energy, manufacturing and metallurgical processes. 
				click here to review our product list 
				which include how to leach gold and 
				used cost estimating books.

services

				services include conceptual process and cost engineering studies 
				to help the chemical, energy, manufacturing and metallurgical 
				industry bring new process from laboratory, to pilot plant 
				and final to first commercial applications.  
				matches' combines process and cost evaluation information 
				to focus your energy on the key elements of your research, 
				process development design, construction, operation and 
				remediation effort.  need help to:
				1. develop a new product or process?
				2. estimate manufacturing cost of a feed or product?
				3. debottleneck or optimize a process?
				for a full list of services 
				click here.

equipment costs
matches provides conceptual (order-of-magnitude) process 
				equipment cost estimates. we provide this educational content
				to help you evaluate process alternatives. this is 
				active 
				content written in javascript that runs on your internet 
				browser.  to access this content you may have to alter 
				your browser security settings.
click here for equipment cost home.
click here for the equipment cost index.
click here the first equipment cost page.













home |
		about |
		calendar |
		contact |
		affiliates |
		equipment cost |
		faq |
		information links |
		news |
		photo gallery |
		press |
		products |
		promotions |
		services |
		site map
copyright © 2014 matches, all rights reserved.






