
















drug and alcohol rehab programs







































































drug and alcohol rehab programs

























pages



home


homepage










































































friday, april 13, 2012







makler florida, usa





endlos lange sandstrände, sonnenschein, freundliche menschen und ihr eigenes
haus am meer, am kanal oder einer der traumhaften golfanlagen; wäre das nicht
traumhaft? in florida scheint die sonne fast 365 tage im jahr! und ein eigenes
haus zu besitzen, eine villa bungalow oder eine ferienwohnung, bei den aktuell
günstigen immobilienpreisen ist eine echte gelegenheit für sie, um sich ihr
persönliches stück lebensqualität in florida zu sichern.

doch wie kommen sie am besten zu ihrer eigenen florida immobilie? und wie
kaufen sie zu einem gerechten preis? bei einem immobilienkauf in florida benötigen
sie einen erfahrenen und fairen florida makler mit entsprechender fach-und
sachkenntnis an ihrer seite.

wie finden sie die attraktivsten lagen? wie sondieren sie die besten immobilien
innerhalb des großen florida angebotes? wer prüft für sie die immobilie auf
lastenfreiheit? wer schützt sie vor ungerechtfertigten forderungen seitens des
verkäufers? wer berät sie beim vertragsabschluß? wer vertritt ihre interessen beim
closing/notartermin?

ac global realty, llc ist einer der führenden internationalen makler in südwest
florida. kirsten s. prizzi hat nach mehr als ein vierteljahrhundert immobilien-
erfahrung und gründerin der ac global realty eine führende position als makler
in der immobilienbranche in florida erreicht. ac global realty hat sich auf den
verkauf von immobilien in sw florida spezialisiert und wir beraten sie gerne in ihrer
sprache.

wir haben viel in den vergangenen jahren gelernt, in denen wir äußerst zufriedene
kunden beraten haben, und wir lernen neues weiterhin jeden tag, aber unsere
philosophie ist dieselbe geblieben. wir arbeiten hart als makler florida fuer sie um
ihnen die bestmögliche, ehrliche und professionelle beratung zu geben, die sie
wünschen und verdienen, wenn sie eine immobilie in florida erwerben möchten. ac
global realty genießt einen einwandfreien ruf als immobilienmakler in florida.

selbst nachdem sie ihre immobilie in florida erworben haben, ist unsere arbeit
als makler florida noch nicht getan. unser qualitativ hochwertiger after-sales
service wird von unseren kunden sehr geschätzt und über viele jahre in anspruch
genommen wie unser hausverwaltungsservice oder unser vermietungsservice.
unsere professionelle, aber freundliche einstellung und die persönliche beziehung,
die wir mit jedem unserer kunden entwickeln, sind die geheimnisse für unseren
erfolg als makler in florida.

wir würden uns sehr freuen, sie beraten zu dürfen und sie zu unseren glücklichen
und zufriedenen kunden zu zählen.

ac global realty / immobilien florida bietet ihnen eigentumswohnungen,
ferienwohnungen, villen, ferienvillen, luxusvillen, ferienhäuser, einfamilienhäuser,
doppelhäuser, strandhäuser, strandvillen, büroflächen, handelsflächen,
lagerflächen, industrieflächen, restaurants zur anmietung und kauf sowie
firmenverkäufe in sw florida. nicht zu vergessen die nachpflege durch unsere
hausverwaltung und vermietungsabteilung in sw florida.

unser einzugsgebiet umfasst cape coral, matlacha, pine island, alva, fort myers,

fort myers beach, estero island, lehigh acres, sanibel island, bonita springs, bonita
beach, barefoot beach, naples & marco island, florida.

für rückfragen stehen wir ihnen jederzeit gern zur verfügung und verbleiben

mit freundlichen grüssen,





posted by



ryan




at

8:58 am



3 comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















monday, august 22, 2011







engraved stationery






engraved stationery
making an impression is very important, most especially if you are already in the professional circle. it is crucial that you build your image as one who only desires the best for clients. and how would you be able to convey this image? you can do this by making sure that anything that bears your name creates an impressive appearance. one definite way to bring out a positive and trustworthy image is to use an engraved stationery. you will surely notice the difference between a text and image, printed using the common office printer, and engraved ones.
you will notice that engraved stationery carries with it a class all its own. you will see a great deal of originality whenever you have engraved stationery. this could not be done anywhere but would require the expertise of engravers who have been in business for a long time already. there are engravers like wells & drew, who have managed to perfect their craft, and have been engraving for more than a century. these companies make sure that each piece of stationery exudes only the finest quality prints which would leave clients in awe.
clients who receive the finest stationery from your office would always be impressed. it makes them feel special since you have gone the extra mile in preparing the stationery to be used. since almost everyone today owns a printer at home, your client would be able to detect if you simply printed it using ordinary printer, and done rather haphazardly. this would create a bad feeling and could be a start of a loss of confidence. however, whenever you send any communication to clients, and every word is finely written on engraved stationery, it would definitely appeal to the heart. it would help in maintaining the client’s trust. the fine details of the stationery alone would be a reminder to your client that your firm is a formidable one. in fact, it even helps strengthen the attorney-client relationship, which is very important whenever you have just started with a new case, or are already in the midst of an arduous litigation.
engraved stationery can be in the form of a letterhead, where the bold name of the firm could be found, or a business card, where your name would be intricately engraved. it could even be an envelope that secures a very important letter or a presentation folder that you would use to show clients where the case is heading. these stationeries could be anything. one thing that you can be assured of is that, these engraved stationeries would not fail in making a good impression to both new and old clients.







posted by



ryan




at

1:21 pm



4 comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest



















engraved business card






engraved business cards 
in the course of your professional life, there would always come a time that you would need to let others know about your abilities, that you exist, and that you could provide quality service for them. in order to be able to effectively market your capabilities, without literally telling other people how good you are, you could make sure that everything that bears your name would be associated with quality, elegance and professionalism. you can do this by making sure that you utilize quality stationery, especially your business cards. among the various kinds of business cards available out there, you will surely stand out if you give clients and acquaintances engraved business cards. this would not only mean being able to leave a contact number, but ensuring that your name would be remembered every time.
engraved business cards are not like ordinary business cards that are not very appealing, and often have a plain and simple look. these cards are meticulously crafted by the finest engravers, ensuring design and loveliness in every aspect. 
engraving is an old process, mastered through time. not everyone could do this exquisite type of printing an image or a text, simply because it requires skill and the use of special machinery or equipment. this is the process by which a design is made on a flat surface, which is otherwise known as the printing plate. the plate is then used to create images on the paper. and, this process is what makes engraved business cards really special.  
engraved business cards show ink raised on the paper. the effect on the business cards is simply stunning, you would not look for another type of business card again. the beauty of engraving really stands out compared to other ordinary business cards. yes, you may create your own business cards using your own printer at home or at the office, but then, it would look – simply ordinary. there would not be an element of uniqueness on the card. the one who receives the card would not be able to retain a special image of the card in memory, since it would simply look like every other available card out there.
on the other hand, with engraved business cards, one look is all it takes for you to create a positive lasting impression that would make you a worthy name to remember. it may just be a card, but it could open doors that you would definitely benefit from. 





posted by



ryan




at

1:20 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















tuesday, june 14, 2011







get help from alcohol rehabs in florida





 
the escalating rate of alcoholism is one of the reasons why alcohol rehabs in florida are also increasing in numbers. according to data made available by the department of health and human services, more than 22% of people aged 12 years or older are involved in binge drinking within the past 30 days. without a doubt, you already know that binge drinking is defined as have 5 or more drinks on a single occasion. the data also revealed that 10% of teenagers between the age of 12 and 17 are identified as binge drinkers. these numbers reveal the reason why it is absolutely necessary for the establishment of more alcohol rehabs in florida 
in miami, there are more than 50 rehab centers that cater to individuals who are suffering from both drug and alcohol addiction. the primary focus in most of these alcohol rehab centers are a mix of mental health and substance abuse services. while many of them offer only general substance abuse treatment, there are those that provide detoxification services for alcoholics who are categorized as suffering from severe alcoholism. 
most of the treatment programs of alcohol rehabs in florida are based on the core principles of the 12-step method, where patients are asked if they already realize that they do have an alcohol problem and that the only way to solve this problem is by undergoing treatment at an alcohol rehab center with the help of medical and counseling professionals. this is an important first step since acceptance of the problem is vital to the healing process of the patient.
the type of care offered at various florida rehabs range from outpatient care, partial hospitalization or day treatment, and non-hospital residential care. for individuals whose alcohol problem is not that severe, they can always opt for the outpatient care or partial hospitalization. this is to allow them to go back home to their families and jobs while undergoing treatment for alcoholism. 
for those whose alcohol addiction is so severe that it already necessitates a 24-hour monitoring, they can go for the non-hospital residential type of treatment. this type of treatment program involves living inside the florida alcohol rehab facility. it is considered as a last-ditch method in helping an individual get rid of their alcohol addiction. under the residential treatment program, persons who are suffering from severe alcohol problems are provided with 24-hour care. these include counseling, therapy, and in some cases, prescription and administration of medication to help the alcoholic go through the treatment process with lesser difficulties. depending on the seriousness of the patients’ condition, detoxification may also be prescribed.
special programs are also offered by a number of alcohol rehabs in florida. these ranges from the treatment of individuals who are dui and dwi offenders, individuals with co-occurring mental and substance abuse disorders, as well as criminal justice clients. many of the alcohol rehab centers in florida accept private health insurance, with some of them offering payment assistance or the sliding fee scale, which is based on the patients’ income and other circumstances. so if you or somebody you love is suffering from alcohol addiction, try to encourage them to seek treatment at any of the alcohol rehabs in florida. for all you know, you will be saving your life or someone else’s life in the process.





posted by



ryan




at

3:10 pm



1 comment:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest
















home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















followers











blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2012

(1)





        ▼ 
      



april

(1)

makler florida, usa










        ► 
      



2011

(3)





        ► 
      



august

(2)







        ► 
      



june

(1)









about me




ryan



view my complete profile











































awesome inc. theme. powered by blogger.
























