
 brightstar credit union - south florida's credit union                            
open accountloan centerour locationsrouting #: 267078299search

language:


loginenroll
forgot username or password
forgot username
forgot password
unlock account fields with red borders are required.menuhomeopen accountproducts and serviceschecking servicesfree checkingno overdraft checking accountyouth checking accountadvantage checking accountinterest checking accountonline banking and billpaydirect depositdebit cardloansapplication statusloan paymentauto loansauto refinancecredit cardscredit card line increasemortgage loanshome equity line of creditfixed helocboat loanscamper / rv loansstudent loanspersonal loansfinancial fitnessfinancial counselorsmy toolkitbalance financial counseling servicesauto advisors™platinum star membershipsavingssavings accounts13-month cdhigh yield!6-month cdhigh yield!bump cdmoney market accountmoney market accounts, flexterm cd, ira rate sheetskip a payinsurance serviceshome & auto insurance verificationdebt protection(gap) guaranteed asset protectionview all servicesother servicesinvestment servicesbusiness servicesall products and serviceseducator benefitsedudrivenew!special heloceducator’s rewards cardeducator iraseducator's breakbusinessbusiness bankingbusiness checkingbusiness platinum and business advantage membershipsbusiness loansbusiness money market accounthigh yield!business credit cardcommercial loan portal (loanstat)business online banking and billpaybusiness solutionsmerchant processingpayroll & benefitsaccept paymentsmy money programabout usaboutannual meetingour ratesaccount disclosuresnational mortgage licensing system & registry (nmls)switch to bscucontact uslocationsview all locationsshared branchingcommunitymember outreachrefer a friendseminarseducator benefitscommunity at largemember discountscu@schoolbrightstar universitystudent loansschool duelcosmos kids clubcareersview all jobshelpfraud centeratm safetyconducting transactions onlinefraud alertsphishingprotect your personal informationfraud prevention centeronline banking helpenroll in online bankingunlock accountforgot usernameforgot passwordconversion instructionsmember formsach stop payment formprivacy noticegeneral informationreplacement card centerfee reversal requestbalance financialsafe and sounddownload acrobat readerapply for a loannew loan applicationapplication statusclose
search

  
attention debit cardholderslearn how to activate your new debit card. get started🔒
important notice:
bscu will
never
call or
text you for your
username, password, secure access code (sac), card number, expiration date or card cvv!
if you receive a call or
text requesting this information, or if you gave this information to anyone,
please dial 1-800-637-2728 (option 7) or report suspicious activity

become a member


book an appointment


apply for mortgage


auto loans


electric vehicle loans


compare credit cards


skip a pay


refer a friend


business services


insurance services
why choose a credit union?member owned makes all the difference





join today

or


learn more




credit union income, after expenses and reserves, is returned directly to members in the form of lower rates on loans, higher dividends on savings and many no-fee services. every primary member has a vote for the credit union’s board of directors, regardless of how much he or she has on deposit. there is no select group of shareholders or owners that profits more than anyone else. all members profit, individually and collectively.more than 85 million americans belong to credit unions. research shows that consumers are more satisfied with credit unions than with any other financial service providers.our member’s satisfaction mattersbrightstar is the best! the customer service is excellent...in person, on the phone and in the drive thru. five stars is just not enough to rate this bank, especially the margate branch. i want to personally thank nicki at the margate branch for being so helpful today. you brighten up my day just by you doing your job. you are a brightstar in my book. you guys are awesome! keep up the great work. your services are truly appreciated!tamarahappy member




i have banked with bright star for 10 years and knew i waned to use them when it was time to purchase a vehicle. zoie and liliana were so helpful and made the process so easy. we were approved quickly and with the help of their autoadvisors service, we found and purchased our vehicles within a week. great service!!!shawnteehappy member




i love brightstar! we have moved all our accounts: checking, savings, mortgage, business account, car, equity line. every account has a great interest rate. online access and convenience is excellent and highly reliable. at the downtown office i use customer service is tops with everyone helpful and friendly. it's important to me to use local services, and brightstar can't be beat.carolhappy member




absolutely a "five star" experience. from the branch manager to the tellers, the staff is helpful, professional, knowledgeable and kind. i have had a personal checking/savings account for many years with bscu and now a business account. for personal attention to your needs check them out! you will be happy you did. thank you bright star credit union!dorotheahappy member




    
resourcesour servicesour ratesfinancial calculatorsbalance financialcommunitycosmos kids clubmy money programapplications & formsjoin usadd an accountapply for a loan or credit cardmember formsonline servicesorder checks onlinedebit rewardsonline banking and billpaye-statementsmoney desktopabout uscontact uslocationscareerssafe and soundprivacy noticesitemap


instagram



facebook



youtube



linkedin



instagram



facebook



youtube



linkedin
your savings are federally insured to at least $250,000 and backed by the full faith and credit of the united states government. national credit union administration, a u.s. government agency. we do business in accordance with the federal fair housing law and the equal housing lending. your savings are federally insured to at least $250,000 and backed by the full faith and credit of the united states government. national credit union administration, a u.s. government agency. we do business in accordance with the federal fair housing law and the equal housing lending.bscu routing number: 267078299
 © 2004-2024 brightstar credit union | protecting privacy & online security | disclosure terms and conditions | ncua

you are now leaving brightstar credit unionbrightstar credit union provides links to web sites of other organizations in order to provide visitors with certain information. a link does not constitute an endorsement of content, viewpoint, policies, products or services of that web site. once you link to another web site not maintained by brightstar credit union, you are subject to the terms and conditions of that web site, including but not limited to its privacy policy.you will be redirected toclick the link above to continue or cancelmyappro.commortgage-application.netbscu.autoadvisors.comjobs.bscu.orgbscu-web.oflows.netonline.bscu.orgnorton.comstarnet.bscu.orgnetdna-ssl.comolb.bscu.orgitunes.apple.complay.google.comcwsb40.checkfreeweb.combrightstar.cumortgagecenter.comapp.loanspq.comapptest.loanspq.comd6e9h5i6.stackpathcdn.combrightstarcu.sandbox.repay.iobrightstarcu.repay.ioreferfriend.orgmybscu.orgoac.fmsiportal.combscu.ficsloanstat.combscu.pos.firstclose.comapp.consumer.meridianlink.com                                        

