









home | biology computer resource center 
































      skip to main content
    








university of massachusetts amherst


search google appliance
enter the terms you wish to search for. 







links to common umass amherst services and features









go.umass
email
spire
moodle
blackboard learn
udrive
people finder















 


biology computer resource center 

supporting undergraduate education in the life sciences
 


user account menu



show — user account menu
hide — user account menu


log in





 
 
 





main navigation



show — main navigation
hide — main navigation


home


biology accounts


users manual


staff manual


print release


reservations


staff schedule


wiki































biology computer resource center (bcrc)





this site is hosted on the bcrc server "snapper".  it provides services in support of the bcrc, life science courses, and the teaching labs in morrill science center.  most of the pages *about* the bcrc are now part of the biology department pages about the bcrc, including our list of resources and documentation.
for printing in the bcrc, there are the print release pages.  if you're in the isb, you need the print release on wahoo.  if you're working in the isb, you'll get redirected there automatically, if you try to connect the print release system on snapper.
there is a bcrc wiki, which we mainly use for scheduling.



read more about biology computer resource center (bcrc)







server updates




we updated the server operating system today (march 12, 2019) and are slowly bringing services back online. please be patient and hopefully we'll soon have everything going again.


read more about server updates







new drupal 8 website




i've migrated the content from the old bcrc site into this site and used it for exploring how to do drupal 8. not everything works perfectly, but i think its close enough for going on with.  look for this site to replace the old drupal 6 bcrc website soon.


read more about new drupal 8 website







bcrc open weekend before finals week




we're planning to have the bcrc open at noon on both saturday, december 12 and sunday, december 13, in advance of finals week. we anticipate being open regular hours during finals week.


read more about bcrc open weekend before finals week







visual sfm




we've recently installed visual sfm a gui application for 3d reconstruction using structure from motion (sfm). it's an application that can create 3-d models from a group of overlapping photographs. to run it, start x-windows and type "visualsfm &" at the command prompt.


read more about visual sfm







rejuvenation station






stop by the finals week biology rejuvenation station: morrill 301 on may 1, morrill 215 afterward.
thanks to elizabeth connor for organizing!



read more about rejuvenation station







weekend hours




the bcrc will have weekend hours: noon-9pm on april 25 and 26 and noon-5pm on may 2-3. 
good luck on finals!



read more about weekend hours







library questions





ellen lutz will be in the bcrc on thursdays from 3-4 for people to ask questions.



read more about library questions







jobs filled




our openings for spring have been filled. thanks to everyone who expressed interest. and welcome to jessica, fallon, and innocent our new bcrc staff. 
the bcrc will probably need to hire some consultants this semester.  if you would like to work in the bcrc, please contact steven brewer.  i will give preference to people with workstudy.



read more about jobs filled







raspberry pi home theater media server




just in time for christmas! our own craig slater with makers at amherst media and the biology computer resource center invite you join us on friday, december 12 to build your own home theater media server using raspberry pi. you will purchase your own parts (~$125), bring them to the workshop, and we will assemble them together!  space is limited!  register today!



read more about raspberry pi home theater media server





pagination




              current page
            1




              page
            2




              page
            3




              page
            4




              page
            5




              page
            6




              page
            7



next page
next ›




last page
last »






  subscribe to 







 




courses

biol
biol312section1
biol312section4
previous semesters...



umass shortcuts



show — umass shortcuts
hide — umass shortcuts


biology department


college of natural science


moodle


spire


umass amherst


umass it


umass library





 


 
 







this page is maintained by the university of massachusetts biology computer resource center.university of massachusetts amherst  •  site policies




 
 
 
 








