







spokane tribe of indians – improving the lives of our members













































































employment
rfps
tribal council
contact us
tribal member login
 


government




executive director
administration

administrative division
human resources
enrollment

funeral benefits


midnite mine community liaison
vfw


public safety

police
ems






health and human services

behavioral health

prevention
wellbriety movement


family violence/domestic violence program
indian child welfare
senior/elder programs
social services
spokane tribal health
vocational rehabilitation
wic program






finance
477

youth employment
education
headstart
early learning center


court
tero




planning program
public works

sp’q’n’i? broadband services
utilities
facilities program
tribal historic preservation officer


dced
legal
tribal enterprises
gaming





resources




tribal resources

licensing
resource list
language
preservation


tribal license plates
behavorial health
surveys
funeral benefits




department of natural resources

chronic wasting disease test results
dnr news
hunting and fishing regulations
dnr telephone numbers
parks and rec
air quality
roads
transit services
fire management

fire prevention








fisheries and water resource division

spokane tribal fisheries
spokane tribal hatchery


wildlife
forest management
preservation





events
news
history
search




menu


menu

 








our visionto achieve true sovereignty by attaining self-sufficiency. we will preserve and enhance our traditional values by living and teaching the inherent principles of respect, honor, and integrity as embodied in our language and life-ways. we will develop strong leadership through education, accountability, experience, and positive reinforcement.

                                        spokane tribe of indians anniversary – 1881 to 2023



learn more



resourcesexplore a wide variety of programs for members of the spokane tribe

view resources >



eventsparticipate in a tribal community
event today

view events >



newsread the most current news and
updates from the spokane tribe

view news >



historyread about the spokane tribe of indians’ history

learn more >





resources for members

we are here to improve the lives of members of the spokane tribe of indians.
 from job opportunities to programs for all ages, we’ve got something for everyone!

make a paymentmake a payment for tribal utilities, or tribal court
learn more

educationscholarships for members, including higher education, jom, or adult vocational training
learn more

property developmentstay up to date on tribal property development, including building and land projects
learn more

culture and languagelearn about tribal work around language revitalization, salmon reintroduction, and our history
learn more

housingwe assist eligible applicants to find affordable housing on the spokane indian reservation and our service area
learn more

elderwe assist eligible applicants of the spokane indian reservation and our service area
elder general welfare assistance annual request form 60+ application

employment opportunitiesfind job opportunities, descriptions, and applications
view jobs

health & human serviceswellness programs including energy assistance and mental health and substance abuse counseling
learn more

seniors and eldersopportunities for seniors (55+) and elders (65+) including accessibility, free meals, and snow plowing
learn more

youth programsprograms for children ages six and up, including the boys and girls club and the tanf youth center
view programs

the moccasin expressfree bus service for the spokane indian reservation — monday through friday from 6:00am to 7:00pm.
learn more


events / tribe calendar
featured events


full calendar










					there are no upcoming events.					
















					there are no upcoming events.					










tribe newsall/council news/daily news/rawhide pressjanuary 10, 2025press release2025-01-10 spokane tribe press release – traffic accident
november 18, 2024press release statementfebruary 1, 2023it update – january 23february 1, 2023finance update – january 23february 1, 2023sirpd update – january 23november 18, 2024press release statementjune 24, 2022spokane tribe business council reorganizationjune 2, 2021ninth circuit affirms spokane tribe’s right to game within its aboriginal territoryjanuary 10, 2025press release2025-01-10 spokane tribe press release – traffic accident
december 1, 202212th annual adopt-a-familydecember 1, 2022local resources for mental health and substance abusedecember 1, 2022health and human services program updates!november 23, 2022native and strong lifeline now open: call 988 and press 4february 1, 2023it update – january 23it updates
february 1, 2023finance update – january 23february 1, 2023sirpd update – january 23january 30, 2023public works update – 1/31/23january 18, 20231881 then and now and futurecurrent projectsfebruary 3, 2023hr january 2023february 1, 2022spqni broadband services awarded significant grantmay 24, 2021online stoi internet sign up sheet



our history


the spokane tribe of indians ancestors inhabited much of northeastern washington which consisted of approximately 3 million acres. at times they extended their hunting, fishing, and gathering grounds into idaho and montana.
spokane ancestors were a river people, living a semi-nomadic way of life hunting, fishing, and gathering all the creator had made available to them. living along the banks of the spokane and columbia rivers and scattered up the tributaries. their primary diet consisted of what was taken from the water ways in the form of salmon, steelhead, eel, and shellfish which made up 60% of their diet.
today the spokane tribe of indians primary government operations are located in wellpinit washington with a citizen population of approximately 2,900 enrolled members.

learn more about our history







connect with our tribe


we want to share our history, traditions, language, and culture with you. members of our tribe engage with with schools, universities, businesses, and the public by offering trainings, lessons, and cultural competency.





casinos


the spokane tribe operates two casinos: the spokane tribe casino and the mistequa casino hotel.
your place to gather for a fun and friendly experience!

we commit to the spokane tribe’s vision of attaining self-sufficiency by promising generational sustainability, honoring our past and protecting our future.

our commitment is to provide our guests with a unique, memorable, and positive experience. our vision is to achieve business success through integrity, effective leadership, and superior, personalized customer service.

enterprise


spokane tribal enterprises strives to be a recognized branded leader in bringing new businesses to fruition and operating those businesses with leading industry practices, through leadership and innovation, becoming the preferred employer for spokane tribal members.

eleven enterpriseswe have incubated eleven tribal enterprises (and counting!), providing economic opportunities and business development.
https://spokanetribalenterprises.com

job opportunitieswe connect members to job opportunities at businesses within the enterprise. apply today!
http://careers.spokanetribalenterprises.com

   

 the spokane tribe of indians vision is to achieve true sovereignty by attaining self-sufficiency. we will preserve and enhance our traditional values by living and teaching the inherent principles of respect, honor and integrity as embodied in our language and life-ways. we will develop strong leadership through education, accountability, experience and positive reinforcement.
read more

newspress releasejanuary 10, 2025 - 4:31 pmpress release statementnovember 18, 2024 - 11:01 pmcontact us(509) 458-6500
6195 ford-wellpinit rd, wellpinit, wa 99040
hours

monday-friday: 7:30 am to 4:30 pm






© copyright - spokane tribe | website by: well dressed walrus






scroll to top




loading...






























