






black holocaust in america







“harvard has ruined more negros than bad whisky” adam clayton powell
the
black holocaust society
presents
"a black 
holocaust in america"
the tulsa race riot of
1921


top photo: copyright 
black holocaust society 2003
an american historic 
horror

-- - - mass murder - genocide - wholesale slaughter - terrorism american style.. - -



above photo: the body of a dead black man is displayed out in the open 
on a flat bed truck for other black men to view as they were being "interned" at 
the convention center during the worst riot in us history. 
this hidden part of 
history is fully exposed on this site. learn how over 15,000 black people were 
left homeless, then run out of town and thousands were killed or wounded by 
fellow white americans on may 31st, and june 1st in 1921.

this
website is dedicated to the thousands of black men, women and children who were victims of  murderous
mobs of white civilians local police and national guardsmen. killed for no apparent reason
except they had built a separate, prosperous, independent community, and dared to dream.....

 please make a bookmark of this page on  your browser



the tulsa race riot of 1921

the story of black wall 
street


tulsa riot photo gallery

the tulsa riot final report




from riot to reparations the entire 
truth about black wall street and what happened  on may 31st 1921 and the 
results of the second case in us history where reparations were considered for 
victims, survivors and descendants of the largest of all white race riots. 


rosewood was the 
first (and so far only) black american community to seek and receive reparations 
for the destruction of property any murder of it's black citizens in 1995. 

nine of the 21 known survivors were 
paid $150,000 each by the state of florida after local whites destroyed the 
entire black community on new years day 1923 on a lie, after a young white girl 
falsely claimed to have been raped,by a fictitious black man. scorched earth is 
all that remained of the township and its inhabitants. 



 



the official tulsa 
race riot report

"from riot to 
reparations"




printable ms word version $9.95


sent directly to your computer over the internet


via email

 



















new book released
"a
black holocaust in america"

featuring

the 
east st. louis massacre 

july 
1st 1917
"an
orgy of human butchery"

"ida b wells-barnett"
 


"the
day the
american dream



became the 
black
american nightmare"
 

item id: esl001 paper back version

over-250 pages of direct source 
materials.

$19.95 + $5.00 shipping us




order your copy today!













printable 
e-book version 
$9.95 - us 
currency
sent by email 
directly to you over the internet















"terrorism"





defined:
n : the calculated use of 
          violence (or threat of violence) against civilians in order to attain 
          goals that are political or religious or ideological in nature; this 
          is done through intimidation or coercion or instilling fear





 
 
as american as
apple pie


white race
riots


in 
america

by dr. gregory e. brown, director, 
bhs inc.




      between 1824 and 1951 there were over 300 events classified as “white race 
      riots” in which entire white communities turned on  and 
      destroyed entire black communities and  murdered blacks in mass. there were 
      26 such major events and hundreds of smaller ones in major cities and 
      towns across the us during the summer of 
      1919 alone. this period has been tagged by historians as “the red 
      summer of 1919”,  because many of the events  happened from may to october 
      of that year and the blood of their victims literally painted the streets 
      of america.  
that 
      year, tens of thousands of black americans were killed, maimed and 375,000  
      were made 
      refugees, though never being given refugee status, all for economic, social, political and other reasons both real and 
      imaginary. they even killed blacks for recreation activities in rural 
      areas in events called "friday night boot burnings" (the burning of a 
      black man at a stake or bonfire) or " picnic" (a slang term for 
      pick a nigger for lynching} lynching became a common weekly event to 
      kill the monotony of rural life. it was not uncommon for whites to eat, 
      drink, dance and sing church songs as they created a sadistic festive atmosphere, while 
      their victims suffered from torture. white men, men women and children all 
      participated in what was best described by ida b. wells-barnett as  " 
      an orgy of murder and 
      mayhem."
many 
      times whites massacred based purely on perceived notions and paranoia, such as in helena and 
      phillips, arkansas in 1919. the white landowners envisioned a black union 
      meetings was an 
      organized uprising and negros were planning to kill whites in mass at some 
      future date. the reality was the black 
      farmers, sharecroppers' and farm workers  held a meeting after forming a union  to demand a fair accounting from the whites on their sharecropper 
      accounts, after being cheated for years. they were armed and had no 
      intention of disarming because of what happened in east st. louis in 1917. 
      when the sheriff attempted to serve a warrant as a pretext to 
      investigating the union meeting, a gun fight ensued and the sheriff was 
      killed and other whites were wounded.
the 
      white landowners feeling depraved, feared a great financial loss and with 
      bloodlust in their hearts over their dead friends, they hunted blacks like 
      dogs through the woods and killed 25 to 125 blacks early in the manhunt. 
      the best official death count came to 854. no on knows the actual number 
      because of how the bodies were treated and disposed of. they wounded many hundreds more and caused every black citizen in every surrounding 
      county to flee for their lives too. today, blacks in helena and phillips 
      county are now planning to seek reparations for their ordeal. they mage it 
      perfectly clear, if you had a 
      black skin, you had two choices. you were either dead, or moving. floaters 
      (dead bodies in the river) were popping up daily for weeks after the 
      riot was over. again the national guard was called and again they joined 
      the white rioters.
during 
      the red summer riots of 1919, a common characteristic in every case was 
      the black american was alone and helpless when it came to protecting or 
      defending himself and his community. many had assumed then, as we do now, 
      that our government is supposed to protect us from invaders from within 
      our borders and from foreign nations. they were dead wrong! 
after 
      studying white race riots, collecting relics', investigating reports, 
      reading hundreds of newspaper reports and first hand testimonials, i have 
      determined based on the circumstances that black americans must protect 
      and defend themselves from their countrymen. this assumption is based on 
      the following findings:

      1.    no government 
      military branches where there to protect them. the national guardsmen 
      would join the rioters and shoot blacks too. many just looked the other 
      way  because they hated "niggers" too. or they came in time to put out 
      fires, mostly in the white sections of town, or white owned rental 
      properties in the black neighborhood only.
 2.   
      the police joined or 
      aided the white rioters. deputized white policemen burned out women and 
      children and used them for target practice, for sport and wager, as they 
      threw them back into the flames that they attempted to escape. police disarmed blacks and stud back to let the white rioters do what they wanted 
      without fear of justice or the law. 
in the 
      tulsa race riot of 1921, police flew airplanes and dropped nitroglycerin 
      and dynamite on 600 black businesses, burned 1500 homes and destroyed a 35 
      square block area of the black community of  tulsa also known as the 
      greenwood district. it was so prosperous it was nationally known as black 
      wall street. the riot was intended to put blacks back in their place.
 3.    
      the american legion and the kkk and white military veterans and fraternal organizations 
       
      offered their services in tracking down and killing blacks. they 
      often lead in mobs and initiated the riddling of many of their black 
      victims.  rotc cadets assisted in hunting, dragging, burning, killing 
      and maiming during post war times.
 4.    
      in all cases not one white person was ever convicted of murdering a black 
      person regardless of how horrible their crimes. hate was part of the fabric of white american 
      society. they protected their "supreme" status at all cost. blacks had no value 
      and no souls. blacks had no rights. blacks weren't people and in political 
      discussions blacks existence was  referred to as the "negro question". to the average whites all 
      blacks were niggers. in 1920 2 out of 10 whites in america were members of 
      the kkk. blacks were de-humanized so whites could commit any 
      heinous act without guilt and with impunity. it's hard to kill one of gods human 
      beings, but easy to kill a thousand niggers. 
 5.    
      in detroit 1943, 4300 federal troops wounded 2500 blacks after the last of 
      the great white race riots. police, local whites, national guard and 
      federal troops turned on black detroit. blacks were beaten openly in 
      public by literally thousands of whites chasing and beating them while 
      police searched and disarmed them to make them easy prey. the detroit 
      police department participated in many murders and freely participated in 
      mayhem towards blacks. 

      every black person in sight was searched and even their pocket knives were 
      removed. then they were left to the white rioters who in turn, maimed or 
      murdered a totally defenseless victim.  police were rerouting blacks 
      in motor vehicles to dead ends where white rioters where waiting to beat 
      and murder them. many blacks had placed their faith in the hands of police 
      for protection, only to have that trust betrayed, and their lives 
      exterminated.
 6.    
      the methods of murders in white race riots were similar in each case, 
      which included but not limited to: lynching, burning, castration, stoning, 
      bullet riddling, just plain shot, dragged in the street, drowned, beat, 
      punched, hit with assorted objects, heads split with an axe and more than can 
      be imagined by any ungodly person. it was common for a single black victim 
      to incur all of the above forms of punishment from his fellow american. 
      bodies have been subjected to this type of treatment with as many as 100 
      plus individual whites to 1 black victim. many bodies were reported to be 
      punished for hours after the victim was already dead.
 7.    
      they became merchants of the macabre as they cut up the victims bodies 
      into parts for resale as, souvenirs, mementos, and mantle pieces. black 
      victims had hearts, lips, ears, fingers, spleen, liver, lungs, intestines, 
      penis, hands, heads, scrotum and all other body parts and even the black 
      fetus was not spared. 
a 
      poor black pregnant woman mary turner in georgia, had her unborn child cut 
      from her womb as she burned at the stake. while she was inflamed a white 
      man stepped from the crowd, slit her stomach with his pocket knife, and 
      when the fetus fell to the ground, he stomped it and said "one less 
      nigger". thousands of curbside spectators slapped their knees as they 
      laughed in amusement. 

      mary's crime: she had disputed the word of a white man that falsely 
      accused her husband of murdering a white man in a dispute over money owed 
      him by the white man. a shoot out ensued. the white man died in what 
      otherwise was a fair fight. for her protest after they lynched her husband 
      before her eyes, they tied her to a tree, poured gas on her, oil and set 
      her on fire. after she writhed silently in the flames in defiance of the 
      "mad and hungry dogs", she was doused a second time as white children 
      danced and chanted in song and rhyme.
 in the terms of 
      property damage. whole city blocks in black communities have been burned 
      to the ground and many black property owners had to abandon their homes 
      while running for dear life, with only the cloths on their backs, if they 
      were lucky enough to live through home invasions, hails of bullets, and 
      fire bombs during the initial attack. many of the aftermaths resemble 
      ground zero of a nuclear blast. in the tulsa riot, you could see from one 
      end of the black business district, and see clear to the opposite side 
      without the obstruction of your view by any physical objects. the land was 
      totally  leveled for 3 miles through black tulsa.
 known 
      black holocaustic 

activity in america
white 
      race riots caused over 375,000 blacks to leave the south and southern 
      border states, and flood the northern states.  even in states as far north 
      as  minnesota were still unsafe as riots became more of a characteristic 
      in northern cities, than in the south. many as refugees with only the 
      shirts on their backs. this period in history is called "the great 
      migration" in the summer of 1919 the riots. white race riots occurred 
      mainly in the northern states, while individual lynching's were more common 
      in rural areas in the south.
blacks 
      involved in other riots between 1917 and 1923, recalled the horrors of the 
      east st. louis race riot, in which 250 to 700 blacks (or more) were 
      massacred in the most gruesome fashion, dared to fight back.  they decided 
      it was better to fight a good losing battle, than to die like rats in a 
      barrel.  blacks armed themselves in mass in order to defend themselves. 
      not to initiate attacks on whites. blacks across the nation refused to 
      disarm themselves when requested to do so by law enforcement and conveyed 
      to whites, that they are ready to maintain and use arms, whether the 
      whites liked it or not, if threatened. if such an event occurred today, 
      blacks would be sufficiently unarmed because of past and current gun 
      control laws, that were enacted specifically to disarm them. we would be 
      virtually caught like deer in the head lights. 
the 
      most recognized massacre of blacks in mass in our time, came to light  in 
      the movie “rosewood” in which the small black township in florida was 
      destroyed and an estimated 150 blacks were killed as the township was 
      literally wiped from the face of the earth in 1923, and more recently 
      revealed tulsa race riot of 1921, where an estimated 300 to 3000 blacks 
      were killed in just 12 hours. over 7800 were left homeless and over 17,000 
      fled for their lives by foot, train, automobile and horseback or any other 
      means of transportation. whites used crop duster airplanes nitroglycerin 
      and dynamite to bomb and destroy over 600 black businesses in a 35 square 
      block area. this was the real "oklahoma city bombing"

      survivors of the tulsa so called riot, that was really a massacres, have 
      successfully gained reparations for the murderous and destructive acts of 
      white americans upon their ancestors. as bad as each of these events were, 
      none before or since then equal the level of barbarity, butchery and 
      savagery committed by white christian men women and children, at 11:oclock 
      am, on july 2nd 1917. “the east st. louis massacre of 
      1917”.
 details 
      are finally revealed 
now 
      the grizzly details of the worse case of “american terrorism”, is 
      revealed in a booklet published by the black holocaust society of 
      milwaukee, wisconsin, in its series called “a black holocaust in america”. 
      the bhs was created for the purpose of researching holocaustic events in 
      american history such as “white” race riots and lynching's. the first in 
      the series released june 19th 2002 is, "the east st. 
      louis massacre of 1919" which is a compilation of official 
      investigative reports, testimonials and newspaper articles, that reveal  
      the hidden and ugly history of racism in america. the bhs presents "a 
      black holocaust in america" history seminars across the united states.
      
the 
      first report, “the history of the east st. louis race riot”, was written 
      by ida b. wells-barnett (the "real" mother of civil rights) on the 
      3rd day of the riots. she was sent to investigate after the 
      colored citizens of chicago got word of the atrocities against innocent 
      black men, women and children. the details covered in her report are so 
      vile, so gross that the united states military intelligence division on 
      negro subversives, confiscated the report and locked it up classified “top 
      secret” and sealed it until 1986, in the vaults of the war department in 
      washington dc.
even 
      though her report was spirited away by us army soldiers a week after it 
      was written, it was sent to the 65th congress as requested by 
      the colored citizens of chicago. the 65th congress created a 
      sub-committee to investigate the massacre and the results were even more 
      hideous than mrs. barnett’s independent report. so embarrassing to america 
      overseas, that from over 6000 pages of sworn testimony and evidence 
      produced by its hearings, congress only allowed a 24 page summary of its 
      work to be published. they intentionally refused to disclose the results 
      of the full investigation. it was sealed and never mentioned again. 
      "until now."

      congress in its great wisdom, decided that the circumstances surrounding 
      “the east st. louis massacre of 1917” were to be preserved for future 
      generations to deal with. the effect that resulted was, that all of the 
      hundreds to thousands of whites that murdered between 250 and 700 unarmed 
      black men, women and children in the most despicable ways ever chronicled 
      in american history, none would ever be brought to justice to pay for 
      their crimes.
the 
      criminals are all so old today they are either already dead or dieing. 
      that includes black survivors of the holocaust. the act of hiding the 
      details of the horrific event also deprived black america of justice. it 
      is pure and simple premeditated case of “justice denied."

 excerpt 
      from the 
east st. louis 
      race riot of 1919
the 
      east side atrocities: 
      “carlos hurd of the post-dispatch staff, who was an eyewitness of 
      the atrocities on the east side, told a plain circumstantial story of the 
      outrage he witnessed.  "the assaults and murders were cold-blooded, 
      deliberate and incredibly brutal.  they were not the mob infuriated 
      against particular offenders.  they were the work of groups of men and 
      women who sought on, and burned out the negroes and then shot, beat, 
      kicked and hanged them.  the work was done in a spirit of flippant, 
      relentless barbarism.  mr. hurd described it as a manhunt."

      “get a nigger,” was the slogan, and it was varied by the recurrent cry, 
      “get another!”  it was like nothing so much as the holiday crowd, 
      with thumbs turned down, in the roman coliseum, except that here the 
      shouters were their own gladiators, and their own wild beasts.”

      “the news of these murders and fresh outrages spread rapidly, and the 
      streets soon filled with excited people. men and boys, girls and women of 
      the town began to attack every negro in sight. all fared alike, young and 
      old, women and children; none was spared. the crowd soon grew to riotous 
      proportions, and for hours the man hunt continued, stabbing, clubbing and 
      shooting, not the guilty but unoffending negroes. one was hanged from a 
      telephone pole and another had a rope tied around his neck and was dragged 
      through the streets, the maddened crowd kicking and beating him as he lay 
      prostrate and helpless.”

 “the 
      greatest outrage of the century"
adolph 
      hitler was a corporal in the austrian army on this day in 1917, and even 
      he shunned white america for its level of savagery. as an historical foot 
      note, some historians feel the germans got their plan for their "final 
      solution" to the jewish problem from america’s treatment of blacks between 
      1914 and 1935. the newspaper accounts of the east st. louis  massacre  
      and other lynchings and white race riots were widely circulated in the french, english and german press.
nazi 
      germans realized that if the entire dominant community is against a 
      minority or unpopular members of that community, after sufficient 
      vilification of the minority or unpopular group, the dominant group can do 
      what they want no matter how horrible the punishment. it will mirror 
      public opinion and thereby be justified. the nazi cause was also the same 
      as white supremacy in the 
      united states.
the 65th 
      congress left the circumstances evolving around this event for future generations to discuss. that 
      generation is ours. the complete reports are 
      direct transcripts of original 
"classified 
      top secret"
investigative 
      reports with first person accounts and testimonials of actions not found 
      in history books or american institutes of learning. each document is formatted for publication only. 
      we certify that all 
      of the reports are historically true and as accurate as its original 
      author intended. 


"you won’t find this information in 




your 

american history book!"

 the 
      east st. louis massacre of 1917 is exhibit “a" evidence for reparations 
      for past atrocities against black americans. not as former slaves, but as 
      human beings and free citizens of the united states. 
      "it is the ultimate end of unchecked american racism"



available for speaking engagements


dr. gregory brown, 
      director, bhs inc. is 
 
available for speaking engagements on the topic 
      of "white race riots" in american history, for black history programs, 
      panels, workshops for community organizations and educational institutions 
      in the continental u.s. and west indies. call 414-446-4377 or write. 
      booking department, black holocaust society inc., 6622 n. bourbon street, 
      room 16, milwaukee, wi. 53224. or e-mail
      raceriot1917@msn.com.  





the red summer riots of 1919

the rosewood massacre of 1923

colored people & 

the n.y. draft riot of 
1863

the church & the n.y. draft riots

labor competition & the n.y. draft riot

new
orleans race riot of 1866

washington race riot of
1919

the colfax massacre 
1873

chicago race riot of 1919


omaha race riot 1919

kirven texas 1922


if we must
die



mississippi black codes


a blood red record 
- 1900


the myth of negro criminality


racist origins 
of gun control


hoffman's theory of 


negro tendencies

 

"nigger 
gin"

by henry ford

 


who brought slaves to america?

 


"the
negro & the curse of ham"

 


the history of reparations

 


american
terrorism





charred corpse of 17 year old jesse 
        washington suspended from utility pole. may 16, 1916, robinson, texas. 
        gelatin silver print. real photo postcard. 5 1/2 x 3 1/2". 


over 15000 whites participated in his murder.


it was a 
        very good day to be a white american.


lynchers often paraded their victim down the main 
        street, through black neighborhoods, and in front of "colored schools" 
        that were in session.

        jesse washington, seventeen years old, was the chief suspect in the may 
        8, 1916, murder of lucy fryer of robinson, texas, on whose farm he 
        worked as a laborer. after the lynching, washington's corpse was placed 
        in a burlap bag and dragged around city hall plaza, through the main 
        streets of waco, and seven miles to robinson, where a large black 
        population resided. his charred corpse was hung for public display in 
        front of a blacksmith shop. the sender of this card, joe meyers, an 
        oiler at the bellmead car department and a waco resident, marked his 
        photo with a cross (now an ink smudge to left of victim). 
joe sent this post card to his parents. the back 
        of the post card said  " this is a picture of the "barbecue" we had last 
        night signed, your son joe."


lynching in america







american lynching gallery

"the
negro & the curse of ham"


willie
lynch - lets make a slave

the willie
lynch letter


partial list of lynched negros



 


a lynching in marion indiana august 7th 1930






dr. james cameron

instrumental in getting congress and the 
    u.s. senate to finally apologize for the over 4,734 recorded and countless non recorded 
    lynching's in america, on june 13th 2005 after 211 previous anti-lynching 
    bills were filibustered. fredrick douglas, booker t. washington malcolm x, 
    marcus garvey, w.e.b du boise, walter white, a. phillip randolph, ida b. 
    wells-barnett and others who fought lynching thank you dr. cameron, for carrying the torch to the end. 
    black america thanks you too sir. your name is now the seal on one of the 
    ugliest periods in human history. 
 
in your name and in 
    your honor, i pledge to do all that is good, fair and just, as i pick up the 
    torch and take it to the next phase of development. our goal. true economic, 
    social and political independence and prosperity for black americans in our 
    homeland.
 
 never again shall we 
    be called servants.
never again 
    shall we call any man, master.
 
dr. gregory brown, 
    director
black holocaust 
    society inc.

dr. 
    james cameron is founder of america's black holocaust museum and 
    america's only living survivor of a lynching. 
in august, 1930 when cameron was 
    16 years old, he was falsely accused of participating in the murder of a 
    young white man in marion, indiana. 
as a result, cameron witnessed a 
    mob of 15,000 people beat and lynch his two friends.
miraculously, cameron survived his 
    severe beating and attempted lynching; however, he was immediately sentenced 
    to four years in the state prison for accessory before the fact to 
    manslaughter. ironically, no one was ever accused, arrested or charged with 
    the murder of cameron's teenage friends, nor for the beating cameron 
    suffered.

because of this personal 
    experience, cameron dedicated his life to promoting civil rights, racial 
    peace, unity and equality. his commitment is evident by his founding of 
    three naacp chapters in indiana during the 1940s, and becoming the first 
    president of the naacp madison county branch in anderson, indiana.
cameron also served as the indiana 
    state director of civil liberties from 1942-1950. in this capacity cameron 
    reported to then governor of indiana , henry shricker on violations of the 
    "equal accommodations" laws to end previously mandated segregation.
during his eight-year tenure, 
    cameron investigated over 25 incidents of civil rights infractions and faced 
    many acts of violence and death threats for his work. 
repeated threats of violence 
    against his family forced cameron to relocate to his birth state of 
    wisconsin in the early 1950s. cameron continued his work in civil rights by 
    assisting in protests to end segregated housing in the city of milwaukee.
during the 1960's, cameron 
    participated in both marches on washington--the first with dr. martin luther 
    king, jr., and the second with dr. king's widow coretta and the reverend 
    jesse jackson.
during the seventies cameron 
    published literally hundreds of articles and booklets detailing civil rights 
    and occurrences of racial injustices.
in 1988, cameron founded america's 
    black holocaust museum to document racial injustices suffered by people of 
    african heritage. cameron most cherishes a single letter received on 
    february 3,1993 --- 62 years after his conviction. the letter grants a 
    pardon and public apology from the state of indiana. 
 




this site presented by the black holocaust society inc.since 1994
activist of
the year award winner 1999
 


presented by activist international


nothing kills like depraved white men. no other man, no other beast" 


dr. gregory e.
brown, director

aka "america's angry black man"
 

contact information


telephone

414-446-4377




 

postal address
  



6622 n. bourbon st. room 16




milwaukee, wisconsin 53224


send comments to: 

  raceriot1917@msn.com





 

black holocaust society

2003 recipient of the 1st annual

dr. james h. cameron

leadership award
 

presented by

dr. ronald myers, md,


national 
juneteenth 


observance 
foundation

also visit:
 top
black sites.com


 














the 
black 
      holocaust society inc.
the black holocaust society is a non-profit 
      organization created for the purpose of dispute resolution using truth, 
      religion, history, law, education, reason and common sense as a means to 
      achieve settlement.

      the black holocaust society is a member of the church of spiritual 
      humanism. "freewill and human rights for all" is our credo and our 
      missionary goal.

donations

freewill offerings 
      are needed for the bhs to continue it's research. we are not funded by any 
      other sources. your freewill offering of $5.00 or more will be used to 
      continue our education and research of race riots and lynching. funds cover all cost 
      of research including cost of operating our primary website.

download a 
      your copy of the bhs convention materials and start a black holocaust "maafa" 
      memorial in your community. contains all program topics and samples. call 
      414-446-4373 to ask about setting up a bhs chapter in your city.
      bhs promo kit - 
      convention manual.pdf

funds will also be used to monitor and 
      fight hate groups like the kkk, white national socialist party, american 
      nazi party, the white arian brotherhood, the national alliance and the 
      world church of the creator. we must all do our part to stamp out hate in 
      our time and with your help, we grow closer to that goal with each dollar 
      and each day.



click 
  below to donate online


























thank you and may you live long and prosper
dr. gregory 
      brown, director, 
black holocaust 
      society inc.
 



efrim in his glory.mpg



















