







the japantown business association







































































about



                what is the jba?
              



                where is jtown?
              



                sunday farmer's market
              





information



                businesses
              



                organizations
              



                landmarks
              





              contact
            





















about



what is the jba?




where is jtown?




sunday farmer's market






information



businesses




organizations




landmarks






contact


















japantown business association
celebrating over 125 years of japantown






the japantown business association is a non-profit organization dedicated to promoting san jose’s japantown as a unique ethnic neighborhood offering a rare blend of business, cultural, and historic resources. with over 150 members comprised of local businesses, associations, and community organizations, jba has played an important role in japantown's continuing vitality.




    learn more
  



support japantownpurchase these pins online or at nikkei traditions, kogura company, headliners or roy’s station and the proceeds directly benefit japantown’s businesses and neighborhood!




    shop online
  























the japantown farmer’s market 2025 season will reopen in may 2025!follow us on facebook (japantown farmer’s market) or instagram (@japantownfarmersmarket) for up-to-date closure announcements. 




    more information
  

 


    www.jtown.org
  



visit our sister site for more information about events in japantown.



fun fact!our plum blossom logo was designed in 1987 by pamela matsuoka, and it represents the farming and agriculture of our area’s past!










the sushi shark was made by doug wright as part of the shark byte project in 2001 and was donated to japantown by don gagliardi. it was restored in 2017 by carole rast. it can be seen in the window of kogura company.



 

what makes our neighborhood special...



our businesses




    business listing
  



featuring businesses that provide specialty goods, markets, and services for your home and business, japantown has it all.



our organizations




    org listings
  



we have arts organizations, civil liberties organizations, and community support for senior citizens. 



our landmarks




    visit our landmarks
  



take a walk around japantown and review the landmarks that represent our history and culture.

 

check us out on instagram






































































 




















  









  

we represent one of the last three remaining japantowns in the united states.

 





supporting san jose japantown's businesses for 30 years

 











the japantown business association is a 501(c)6 non-profit organization dedicated to promoting japantown as a unique ethnic neighborhood, offering a rare blend of business, cultural, and historical resources.



phone (408) 298-4303565 n. 6th street, san jose, ca 95112website by rasteroids



























please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility


