



wikinews, the free news source



































jump to content







main menu





main menu
move to sidebar
hide



		navigation
	


main pagenewsroomrecent changesrandom articlearchivesfree use media uploadspecial pages





		wikinews
	


helppillars of writingwrite an articlewater coolerstyle guidelive chatdonatecontact us





		regions
	


africaantarcticaasiacentral americaeuropemiddle eastnorth americaoceaniasouth america


















search











search






















appearance
















donate

create account

log in








personal tools





donate create account log in





		pages for logged out editors learn more



contributionstalk



























main page










main pagecollaboration





english

















readview sourceview history







tools





tools
move to sidebar
hide



		actions
	


readview sourceview history





		general
	


what links hererelated changespermanent linkpage informationcite this pageget shortened urldownload qr code





		print/export
	


create a bookdownload as pdfprintable version





		in other projects
	


wikimedia commonswikimedia foundationmediawikimeta-wikiwikimedia outreachmultilingual wikisourcewikispecieswikibookswikidatawikifunctionswikimaniawikipediawikiquotewikisourcewikiversitywikivoyagewiktionarywikidata item





















appearance
move to sidebar
hide








from wikinews, the free news source you can write!









welcome to wikinews
the free news source you can write!




saturday, february 15, 2025, 1524 (utc)copy us • newsroom • mission • report breaking news • donate
audio wikinews • social media • chat • best of wikinews






   international asteroid warning network issues alert on asteroid 2024 yr4 impact risk in 2032
 on february 7, nasa and the european space agency said that they estimated that the chances of the asteroid 2024 yr4 striking earth on december 22, 2032 had nearly doubled to 2.2%, up from 1.2% as estimated by the international asteroid warning network (iawn). this estimation was said to "[work] out to approximately a one-in-45 chance of direct impact, which also means a 44-in-45 chance of a miss" according to nj.com.
[ml] [ ± ] -  image credit - read more...





 latest news     ±



international asteroid warning network issues alert on asteroid 2024 yr4 impact risk in 2032
opposition protests disrupt maldivian president's speech in parliament
uk heavy metal band black sabbath announces final performance with original lineup
us president trump orders government recognize male, female as only sexes
larry rhoden replaces outgoing kristi noem as governor of south dakota
passenger plane collides with military helicopter near washington, d.c.
quran-burning refugee salwan momika fatally shot in sweden apartment
addu city council opens hankede bridge in maldives
air ambulance crashes into infrastructure in philadelphia, pennsylvania while transporting pediatric patient, no survivors
fbi director christopher wray to resign
actress selena gomez announces engagement to record producer benny blanco
indian chess grandmaster gukesh dommaraju, 18, becomes youngest world chess champion of all time
south korean president impeached by nation's parliament
luigi mangione, suspect in killing of us healthcare ceo, charged with terrorism
times square marks new year's eve 2025 in new york city
trump team urges us supreme court to halt looming tiktok ban
chilean president gabriel boric makes historic trip to south pole becoming the first head of state to visit and third head of government
world leaders attend grand reopening of notre dame cathedral in paris five years after damaging fire
russian court fines google more money than the world's entire gdp
ruby slippers worn by american actress judy garland in 1939 film the wizard of oz break sales record, sold for us$28 million at auction
kemi badenoch becomes new leader of uk's conservative party
smithsonian national zoo euthanizes elderly asian elephant
trump wins 2024 u.s. presidential election, securing 312 electoral votes and all swing states
princess yuriko of mikasa, japan's oldest royal family member, dies at 101
international criminal court issues arrest warrants for netanyahu, gallant, and deif over alleged war crimes in israel-hamas war

» older news





   opposition protests disrupt maldivian president's speech in parliament
 on february 6, while president mohamed muizzu of the maldives was delivering his presidential address in the people's majlis, the unicameral legislative body located in malé, opposition members from the maldivian democratic party (mdp) rose their voices in protest. the speaker of the people's majlis abdul raheem abdulla gave multiple warnings, but opposition parliament members refused to heed them.
 [ ± ] -  image credit - read more...







   uk heavy metal band black sabbath announces final performance with original lineup
 on february 5, it was announced that the uk heavy metal music act black sabbath was scheduled to play a final show with the band's original lineup, which consisted of lead vocalist ozzy osbourne, guitarist tony iommi, bassist geezer butler, and drummer bill ward. the performance, dubbed “the back to the beginning” show, was slated for july 5, 2025 at villa park in the band's hometown of birmingham, england.
 [ ± ] -  image credit - read more...








   shark fatally bites 17-year-old off bribie island
 charlize zmuda, a 17-year-old girl who was swimming off woorim beach, a beach on bribie island, was bitten by a shark around 4:45 p.m. aest (0645 utc) on february 3. despite attempts at rescuing her, she succumbed to her injuries at 5:00 p.m. aest (0700 utc) according to police.
 [ ± ] -  image credit - read more...







   air ambulance crashes into infrastructure in philadelphia, pennsylvania while transporting pediatric patient, no survivors
 in the evening of january 31, a small air ambulance crashed into a residential and commercial area in a densely populated neighborhood of philadelphia, pennsylvania, united states, killing everyone on board. the plane took off from northeast philadelphia airport, rapidly lost altitude, and crashed into buildings below.
 [ ± ] -  image credit - read more...






africa • asia • south / central / north america • europe • middle east • oceania • antarctica
crime and law • culture and entertainment • disasters and accidents • economy and business • education • environmenthealth • obituaries • politics and conflicts • science and technology • sports • wackynews • weather



write an article!±
wikinews needs you! we want to create a diverse community around the globe who collaborate to report on a wide variety of current news events. please read the guide or how-to before starting. you might want to check recently created articles to see if your story has already been reported upon.


never edited a wiki before? see our editing help page.


recent interviews   ±


england: staffordshire town celebrates lgbtq+ pride despite funding issues
wikinews interviews noted juggler for international jugglers day
industry leaders see energy supply as the next hurdle for ai
wikinews interviews tatton spiller, founder of political news service simple politics
» more


original reporting±
first-hand journalism by our reporters 


times square marks new year's eve 2025 in new york city
england: staffordshire town celebrates lgbtq+ pride despite funding issues
severe weather affects portions of texas
the ancient pyramids of the world, a new photo exhibition by viktor pinchuk took place in crimea
» more







a wikimedia project

about wikinews±
we are a group of volunteers whose mission is to present reliable, unbiased and relevant news. all our content is released under a free license. by making our content perpetually available for free redistribution and use, we hope to contribute to a global digital commons. wikinews stories are written from a neutral point of view to ensure fair and unbiased reporting.



wikinews's best work   ±
in most recently promoted order.


sydney, australia woman who "spontaneously" murdered boyfriend in "fatal explosion of emotion" sentenced
gsk rejects three unilever bids to buy consumer healthcare arm, says unit was "fundamentally undervalued"
'earth-based life can survive in hydrogen-rich atmospheres': mit professor dr seager tells wikinews about her research on organisms thriving in oxygen-less environment
neanderthals 'knew what they were doing': archæologist dr naomi martisius discusses her findings about neanderthals' behaviour with wikinews
iranian international master dorsa derakhshani discusses her chess career with wikinews
» more

around wikinews±
introduction to wikinews
policies and guidelines
how to write a good article
wikinews discussion forums
request an interview
contact us




wikinews in other languages

shqip (albanian) · العربية (arabic) · български (bulgarian) · bosanski jezik (bosnian) · català (catalan) · 中文 (chinese) · česky (czech) · nederlands (dutch) · deutsch (german) · esperanto · suomi (finnish) · français (french) · ελληνικά (greek) · gungbe (gun language) · עברית (hebrew) · italiano (italian) · 日本語 (japanese) · 한국어 (korean) · limburgs (limburgish) · norsk (norwegian) · فارسی (persian) · polski (polish) · português (portuguese) · română (romanian) · русский (russian) · српски / srpski (serbian) · español (spanish) · سنڌي (sindhi) · svenska (swedish) · ไทย (thai) · türkçe (turkish) · українська (ukrainian) · தமிழ் (tamil) – start a new edition





sister projects




wikinews is written by volunteer editors and hosted by the non-profit wikimedia foundation, which also hosts several other multilingual and free-content volunteer projects:


 wikipedia – encyclopedia

 mediawiki – wiki software development

 meta-wiki – coordination


 commons – media repository

 wikibooks – textbooks

 wikidata – knowledge base


 wikiquote – quotations

 wikisource – sources

 wikispecies – species


 wikiversity – learning resources

 wikivoyage – travel guide

 wiktionary – dictionary


 wikifunctions – functions



» more wikinews stories

retrieved from "https://en.wikinews.org/w/index.php?title=main_page&oldid=4568285"
category: portalhidden categories: pages using the dynamicpagelist extensionpages with defaulting non-local linksno publish



35 languages




العربيةбългарскиbosanskicatalàčeštinadeutschελληνικάesperantoespañolفارسیsuomifrançaisgungbeעבריתmagyaritaliano日本語한국어limburgsnederlandsnorskpolskiportuguêsromânăрусскийسنڌيၽႃႇသႃႇတႆး shqipсрпски / srpskisvenskaதமிழ்ไทยtürkçeукраїнська中文

edit links









 this page was last edited on 5 june 2020, at 08:22.
creative commons license
all text created after december 16, 2024 is available under the terms of the creative commons attribution 4.0 license unless otherwise specified. text created between september 25, 2005 and december 15, 2024 is available under the terms of the creative commons attribution 2.5 license, unless otherwise specified. contributions must be attributed to wikinews; see terms of use for details.copyright on images may vary, please check individual image pages prior to duplication. by using this site, you agree to the terms of use and privacy policy.wikinews®, and the wikinews logo are registered trademarks of the wikimedia foundation, inc.wikinews is not responsible for the content of external sites.


privacy policy
about wikinews
disclaimers
code of conduct
developers
statistics
cookie statement
mobile view














search













search





main page




























35 languages


add topic














