



alchemist lab: personalized natural health care for hepatitis c, hepatitis b, herpes, cmv, mononucleosis, shingles, lyme disease, neurological diseases and detoxification using the finest herbs and supplements.



















































welcome
dr. steven finkbine
contact alchemist lab
contact dragon heart clinic











 










 
articles
hepatitis

hepatitis b
hepatitis c


herpes

cmv
mononucleosis (ebv)
herpes simplex
varicella (shingles)


neurological

multiple sclerosis (ms)
parkinson’s disease
peripheral neuropathy
restless leg syndrome (rls)
tourette’s syndrome (ts)


detox

al detox protocol
other cleanses


ask doctor finkbine
alchemist lab store
  










lion's mane
							lion’s mane extract is one of our most versatile products. its primary use has been in neuro-regeneration....							
read more


researching medicines
							how to research pubmed:


many websites including this one sell products, services & information. ...							
read more


papaya leaf extract
							in areas of the world, the papaya tree is known as the melon of health or as the "medicine tree".

pubmed...							
read more


alcohol & hepatitis c
							what we know about drinking alcohol and hepatitis c comes down to this – don't.

this is especially...							
read more



















recent posts






lion's mane

september 4, 2018

								lion’s mane extract is one of our most versatile products. its primary use has been in neuro-regeneration. nerve growth...							






researching medicines

september 3, 2018

								how to research pubmed:


many websites including this one sell products, services & information.  where do you go for unbiased...							






papaya leaf extract

march 27, 2017

								in areas of the world, the papaya tree is known as the melon of health or as the "medicine tree".

pubmed which catalogues...							






alcohol & hepatitis c

may 20, 2016

								what we know about drinking alcohol and hepatitis c comes down to this – don't.

this is especially critical as people...							

 





hepatitis c research study


non-invasive staging of hepatitis c patients by dr. steven finkbine the current standard of staging hepatitis c patients is through liver biopsies. there are many issues with liver biopsies including accuracy, cost, injury, and how often they can be performed. there is tremendous need for non-invasive methods for staging liver disease and this paper will delve into some of the systems that have already been developed. many of these new methods are also expensive and contain proprietary algorithms.read more







hepatitis c staging model




developed by steven finkbine as part of his doctoral program, the alchemist lab formula is based on inexpensive and routinely performed blood tests which are combined with the patient's age. the result is a simple number that directly corresponds to a specific stage of liver damage.this formula is more accurate than the fibrosure hcv — which uses a proprietary algorithm and a panel of expensive tests.click - here - to use full formula











overcoming hepatitis c



click on the image above to view dr. steven finkbine’s overcoming hepatitis c article in alternative medicine magazine.














 









copyright ©2011-2019 alchemist lab
 







