






hart energy events
































 


  
 





menu



home
upcoming eventsinfluential women in energy luncheon 2025
dug gas 2025
super dug 2025
past eventsenergy capital 2024
a&d strategies and opportunities conference 2024
dug appalachia conference & expo 2024
dug executive oil conference & expo 2024
partner events
about usabout hart energy
sponsorship opportunities
download our mobile app

become a sponsor










welcome to hart energy events 

discover opportunities.
industry expertise.exclusive networking. 



260,000+
attendees


3,600+
exhibitors


4,400+
speakers

 

 
 
view upcoming events  







 


upcoming events
 


february 27, 2025
 

influential women in energy luncheon 

highlighting the achievements, contributions and success stories of women in the energy industry is the cornerstone of hart energy’s annual influential women in energy awards. 


houston, tx  |  hilton americas 
 
register now  


march 19-20, 2025
 

dug gas conference & expo 2025 

dug gas conference & expo is your premier destination for natural gas, liquid natural gas (lng), midstream, and related technologies. this year's event builds upon the exceptional success of last year's dug gas, offering an expanded and enhanced experience tailored to the evolving needs of the industry. 


shreveport, la  |  shreveport convention center
 
register now  


may 14-15, 2025
 

super dug conference & expo 2025 

since 2006, hart energy’s dug conferences & expos have focused on the major u.s. shale plays - permian basin, eagle ford, bakken, midcontinent, & the rockies. super dug brings them all together under one roof, boasting thousands of attendees from both public and private e&p companies, plus top energy analysts, capital providers, and technical service providers.  


fort worth, tx  |  fort worth convention center
 
register now  


june 4, 2025
 

energy capital conference 2025 

in its third decade, hart energy's annual energy capital conference brings key capital providers and seasoned industry executives together for frank discussions about the money that drives the oil and gas business. conference sessions attract senior-level executives from top e&p companies, midstream operators, service and supply companies, professional service firms, and capital providers to discuss the importance of investing in american-made energy resources. 


houston, tx  | the post oak at uptown houston
 
register now  


august 27, 2025
 

dug appalachia conference 2025 

at hart energy’s 16th annual dug appalachia conference, industry leaders from across the basin will share their perspectives on how to tackle today's challenges while reflecting on the region’s contribution to energy independence, lowered energy prices, and economic growth through job creation and investments in infrastructure.  


pittsburgh, pa  | david l. lawrence convention center
 

registration opens soon! 
 


september 11, 2025
 

a&d strategies & opportunities conference 2025 

well into its second decade, the a&d strategies & opportunities conference focuses on energy dealmakers and the deals being negotiated. this event brings together hundreds of c-suite decision makers, deal advisory firms, private equity fund managers, and every other player from legal to landman. 


dallas, tx  | the thompson hotel 
 

registration opens soon! 
 


october 15-16, 2025
 

dug permian conference & expo 2025 

this year, join us at the premier event for permian basin energy industry leaders, the dug permian conference 2025, formerly known as the dug executive oil conference. set against the backdrop of the iconic permian basin, this year’s conference offers exclusive insights, powerful networking opportunities, and actionable strategies to drive growth and resilience in the energy sector. don’t miss your chance to be part of the conversation that’s redefining the industry’s future. 


midland, tx | midland county horseshoe  
 

registration opens soon! 
 
 
 








© copyright 2024 hart energy conferences. all rights reserved. 

hartenergy.com
upcoming events
about us
become a sponsor
 

contact us
advertise
privacy policy
 






















