


south dakota arts council











home
about us
contact us
news
site map










accessibility
artists in schools & communities
art for state buildings
artist opportunities 
congressional art competition
directories
south dakota governor's student art competition
grants
our partners
poetry out loud
touring artists
traditional arts






















to receive information on opportunities and events related to the sdac, join our online mailing list at https://mailchi.mp/ea729649b7a2/sdac_newsletter
upcoming grants

south dakota arts council grants help make the arts accessible in south dakota. grants support nonprofit organizations and artists. 
the next grant period is from july 1, 2025, to june 30, 2026. applications open on december 20, 2024, and close on march 1, 2025, at 11:59 pm central time. 
you can find more details on the grant applicant portal [linked here].            
view the full press release online [linked here]

apply for artists-in-residence grants through march 31

pierre,  s.d. – the south dakota arts council (sdac) is now accepting sponsor  applications for its artists in schools and communities (aisc) program, which  provides matching grants to schools, arts councils, health and service  organizations, and other nonprofit organizations to host artists-in-residence  between july 1, 2025-june 30, 2026.       
view the full press release online [linked here]                  

call to artists: art for state buildings proposals

pierre, s.d. — the south dakota arts council is seeking submissions for the art for state buildings program. south dakota artists have until march 23, 2025, to submit purchase proposals for consideration.        
the art for state buildings program was created for the purpose of creating a permanent collection for the state of south dakota and exhibiting the work of talented south dakota artists in areas of state government buildings with public access. work purchased will be installed in public access areas of the capitol and other state buildings in pierre.
the art for state buildings program collection currently features 125 original artworks. the collection is available to view online [linked here]
view the full press release online [linked here]          

governor noem announces 2025 student art exhibition

pierre, s.d. – governor kristi noem announced 12 students who are being recognized for their artistic talents through the governor’s student art competition. an exhibition of the artwork is now open to the public in the south dakota capitol building.
the governor’s student art exhibition is open for viewing on the first-floor rotunda of the capitol through september 2025. the capitol is open to the public from 8 am-5 pm, daily. 
2025 south dakota  governor’s student art exhibition brochure [pdf linked here].
view the full press release online [linked here]

arts & culture businesses impact south dakota’s economy

pierre, s.d. – south dakota's nonprofit arts and culture industry generated $363 million in economic activity in 2022. this is according to arts & economic prosperity 6 (aep6), an economic and social impact study conducted by americans for the arts with support from the south dakota arts council, arts south dakota, and local arts agencies in aberdeen, brookings, rapid city, sioux falls, and yankton.

view the full press release online [linked here].

arts south dakota for information on arts opportunities and events from  around the state, subscribe to arts south dakota's newsletter (linked here) online at https://artssouthdakota.org/
arts council's strategic planning 

in the wake of the covid 19 crisis, our agency embarked on an exciting journey of exploration with a cohort of 10 artist researchers who helped us reach constituents across our state to gather input about the work of our agency, their experiences with the arts, and a better arts future for south dakotans. employing this artist cohort to hold conversations with their friends and colleagues removed a barrier for many people who are unable or unwilling to attend a public gathering and share their thoughts. these personal and focused conversations resulted in more honest feedback, an exchange of ideas, and aspirations for what the arts sector could do in our state.
click here for the complete strategic plan











state home
south dakota arts council
contact us
accessibility policy
privacy policy
disclaimer


department of tourism
711 e wells ave
pierre, sd 57501









