








greater philadelphia men's adult baseball league














  

















greater
  philadelphia  
men's adult baseball league
over-40 baseball
southeastern
  pennsylvania * philadelphia * south jersey





 












 




    gpmabl headlines
the bulls are gpmabl champs!
 
the
    gpmabl is bullish on the future after the fishtown bulls captured the
    franchise’s first championship. 
    congratulations to the bulls on an exciting 8-6 championship win
    over the defending champion kekambas.  


 

    two decades and more of gpmabl history
 
the
    gpmabl is a league where teams and players get to participate in unique and
    exciting events, and even make dreams come true. our league is for players
    40+ and we have been at it since 2001 (click here for a video of
    the historic first pitch). we play our annual all-star game at a
    professional ballpark and have played at veterans stadium and citizens bank
    park. gpmabl players hosted the russian national baseball team, traveled to
    cooperstown to play on historic doubleday field, and participated in
    national tournaments at spring training fields used by the phillies,
    angels, reds, cubs, giants, and athletics. along the way, we have played
    exciting baseball, made news -- a major article and photo essay in the philadelphia
    inquirer in 2003; an
    article in the philadelphia inquirer (see 1, 2, 3, 4) and an article (see 1, 2) in the philadelphia weekly in 2007 -- and gave philadelphia ballplayers a reason to
    look forward to sundays! 
 
step up to the plate like a big leaguer
 
baseball
    bbq -- brought to you by some of your favorite league mates -- started one
    summer day when a broken grill-fork and a cracked bat came together to make
    the perfect grilling tool. that moment gave rise to an idea and fused
    together two of our lifelong passions into one common goal to share the
    love of the game and the grill.  gpmablers can click
    here to get 20% off all custom engraved bbq tools and accessories!
 
 
 









the greater philadelphia men's
  adult baseball league (gpmabl) is committed to providing the adult player the
  opportunity to play real baseball at a competitive level on a regular basis
  in a professionally run environment. the gpmabl season begins in april.
  interested players are encouraged to consult the "frequently
  asked questions" and then sign up to enjoy
  a season on the baseball diamond.
the gpmabl is affiliated with
  the men's senior baseball league/men's
  adult baseball league (msbl/mabl). league players may be lawyers, local
  businessmen, or police officers during the week, but enjoy baseball as a
  serious hobby each weekend. aside
  from a few rule changes, the gpmabl conforms to
  standard baseball rules. teams wear major league style or replica uniforms,
  play on the best available fields, and play sunday games.
contact the gpmabl message center
  - 215.965.4800 - for game status if it is raining, information for
  prospective league players and managers, and updated league news

greater philadelphia men's adult baseball league 

2303 lombard
  street 
philadelphia, pa
  19146 
215.965.4800


frequently asked questions * sign up * gpmabl history 
schedule * standings * league leaders * team rosters 
gpmabl rules * gpmabl goods * contact the gpmabl * msbl/mabl national 





 



