








welcome - city of ball ground georgia



























report a concern
view/pay water bills
view/pay citations
contact us





≡ main menu
government
departments
city council meetings
events
city maps








welcome











welcome to ball ground
historic past − bright future℠
we are a city of 2,560 residents located in cherokee county, georgia — on the northern edge of metro atlanta — nestled in the foothills of the appalachian mountains. our quaint city is known for its historic main street characterized by unique shops and restaurants, numerous historic homes and great recreation opportunities. come see all that we have to offer!










cherokee county is the seventh largest county in georgia and well known for a strong economy, quality schools, low taxes, and exemplary public safety and healthcare.










full of history, scenery and character, ball ground is a fun town to visit and a delightful place to live.



































• 2025 public notices •




public hearing
public hearing on amending zoning code: 2/13 at 6:30 pm at city hall
read the notice!city council meeting
city council will hold its regular meeting on thursday, feb 13, at 7:00pm
read the notice!recycle day upcoming
recycle day, saturday, february 8 at the senior center from 9am-noon
read the notice!public hearing
public hearing on amending zoning code: 2/6 at 5:30 pm at city hall
read the notice!





we are displaying the last four (4) public notices here. go here to see all recently published public notices archived.











the official ball ground app
download it today!
stay up to date on city events, receive important notifications, report your concerns to city officials and more. download the “it’s my town” app from your app store -or- scan the qr code here!










honor a ball ground veteran!
nominate a veteran living or working in ball ground for our city’s veteran of the month! the mayor and city council recognize our outstanding veterans by formally honoring one each month. get info and application required for consideration. see the veteran of the month wall!






purchase a carved brick for the veteran’s memorial park
you can also purchase a brick carved with a veteran’s name and service information for placement within our new veterans memorial.  (go to signup information here.)  for more information about the new park, see the veterans memorial page.



 





ball ground rocks! ™





ball ground city hall215 valley streetball ground, ga 30107770-735-2123  770-735-4552

e-verify
city directory
council meetings
view/pay bills
archives

city map
demographics
media center
ordinances
first 100 years










	© 2004- by the city of ball ground, georgia …  all rights reservedwebsite development:  studiosr, llcemployees only














