




sda: survey documentation and analysis











    sda: survey documentation and analysis

home
archive
community
documentation
projects
news






sda is a set of programs for the documentation and
web-based analysis of survey data. 


sda was developed, distributed and supported by the
computer-assisted survey methods program (csm) at the 
university of california, berkeley
until the end of 2014.  beginning in 2015, csm is managed 
and supported by the 
institute for scientific analysis,
a private, non-profit organization, under an exclusive continuing 
license agreement with the university of california.
csm also develops the cases 
software package.

 

to see how it all works, test-drive sda at our demonstration 
sda archive. 
browse the documentation for a survey and get fast
data analysis results. the sda archive includes several datasets, 
including the general social survey (gss), the 
american national election study (anes), and the
survey of consumer finances (scf).
you can also look at some other archives 
that use sda software.



for information on obtaining sda software and services, see the
sda software and services page.



for video tutorials on using the sda 4 user interface see the 
sda youtube channel.
 
sda features
documentation:

codebooks: sda can produce both html and print-format codebooks. 
  the documentation for each study contains a full description of each variable, 
  indexes to the variables, and links to study-level information.

ddi (data documentation initiative) compatibility: sda programs 
  can produce ddi-format metadata from sda datasets and from other metadata formats.
  sda also provides an online utility that converts ddi metadata to sda's own metadata
  format (ddl).

analysis:

various analysis types are available: frequencies and crosstabulation, 
    comparison of means, correlation matrix, comparison of correlations, 
    multiple regression, logit/probit regression.

fast results: sda was designed to produce
    analysis results very quickly -- within seconds -- even for large 
    datasets with millions of cases and thousands of variables.  although many 
    of our users assume we are using some sort of super computer to achieve 
    these speeds, the secret lies solely in the method of storing the data and 
    the design of the programs.
    the sda archive on our site runs on a low-cost (intel) linux server -- although 
    sda can also be run on windows.

creation of new variables with recode and compute procedures:
   sda includes procedures to create new variables based on the content of 
   existing variables through recode or compute specifications.

complex standard errors:
    data collected from stratified and/or cluster samples require special
    procedures to calculate standard errors and confidence intervals. sda uses
    those special procedures for percentages, means, differences between means,
    and regression coefficients.

charts: sda produces various chart types: bar charts, stacked bar charts,
line charts and pie charts.

disclosure specifications for confidentiality:
the analysis programs can be configured to suppress output that may compromise the 
confidentiality of survey respondents. the analysis programs will all read a 
disclosure configuration file (if one has been created for a study), and 
will enforce the specifications in that file. 


other capabilities:

subsetting:
  users can generate and download a customized subset of an sda dataset. in
  addition to generating a data file, the subset procedure produces a codebook for the
  subset and data definitions for sas, spss, stata and ddi.  the subset can include
  both the original dataset variables and new variables created with recode or compute.

searching: sda provides searching both within a single study (at the
variable level) and across studies (at both the variable and study level).



sda manager:

for managers of an sda archive, the sda software package includes 
an sda manager webapp.
the sda manager consolidates all of the management functions for an 
sda archive into one web interface. using this web app the manager of an 
sda archive can:



import spss .sav files, stata .dta files, csv files and tsv files 
and automatically convert them into sda datasets.


create and configure personal user workspaces. 
these user workspaces enable analysts to create and 
store recoded and computed variables in their own private storage areas. 
for groups -- such as college classes -- the leader or instructor can
make their created variables accessible to the group to use in their 
own analysis projects.


configure dataset-level access control -- specifying which users can 
access which datasets. 


generate reports on usage of the datasets in the archive.


troubleshoot problems.



awards

 
american association for public opinion research
(aapor): warren j. mitofsky innovators award

 
american political science association (apsa): best instructional software award





for information on how to set up your own sda data archive see the relevant 
documentation.
for information on current sda development efforts, see the projects
page. also, for recent events check the news.

 

 
if you've experienced any problems with our site or would just like to
make suggestions or comments, send e-mail to: sda@berkeley.edu





last modified: march 9, 2020
    (charlie thomas, sda@berkeley.edu)





