
window woman patterns and window painting







  
			





 



	        	
  
	
  
	
 





home          
		
window painting patterns       
		


ebook      
		
blog       faqs
 


 


discover 
				this quick, simple and fun way to start window painting!


				paint your home and shop windows with our printable window 
				painting patterns. many of our customer use these fun holiday 
				patterns year after year as part of a their traditional holiday 
				decorating. they have found this is the easiest way to jump right 
				into painting and see amazing results. 

kids love to help 
				with window painting. each pattern comes in a printable 
				download and all the sheets tape together to create one big easy 
				to follow pattern. 
if 
				you've wondered about starting your own window painting business 
				be sure to take a look at our ebook "window painting made easy".   
				this 40 page ebook is full of information taken from my 30 years 
				in the window painting business. i have no secrets and i am all 
				to happy to share it all with you. it's a great way to earn a 
				lot of extra cash around the holidays. you might even like it so 
				much you decide to make it a full time business year round like 
				i did.


				window painting patterns and ebook...






 



christmas and winter
				windowpainting patterns





window painting made easy
				ebook
start you 
				own holiday windowpainting business!! 







a 
						full color print on every pattern for color reference.


						print pattern right from your home printer. scaled to 
						fit on several sheets of letter size copy paper. simply 
						tape sheets together to create one large pattern.


						can be used with good quality tempera paints, like 
						proart, or any ordinary acrylic craft paints, such as 
						americana™, folkart™, anitas™, apple barrel™, ceramcoat™or 
						aleenes™.

 



 








how-to use these patterns


downloadingyour purchase & terms of use



questions



about window painting




 
 
get window painting news, tips & tricks enter your email here...

 





contact us
 copyrightsall website content and window painting pattern designscopyright © 1999-2015 window woman™, all rights reserved. 

