





knowledge management, enterprise innovation, e-learning, strategy consulting
















































home
mission
product portfolio
e100 alerts
e100 members
fellow advisors
the alliance
about

lotus innovation
leadership

our founder
ceo-  entovation® international


contact us


 


 

click here
global knowledge leadership map
e100 members




e100 alerts


[e100 alert] international women’s day 



what’s new





 
innovation books 
creating the knowledge-based businessinnovation strategy for the knowledge economyknowledge economicsstate of the futurethe innovation superhighway


 

what’s newmgi report: globalization in transition - the future of trade and value chains january 2019 report: the mckinsey global institute takes another look at how globalization is evolving, this time viewing it through the lens of global value chains. trade patterns are shaped by myriad business decisions within these production networks, not by the simple act of one country choosing to buy less from another. using mgi’s signature “micro-to-macro” approach, we look at how companies participating in 23 different industry value chains are responding to global opportunities and pressures. we examine both goods-producing and service industries across 43 countries.
the world economic forum releases its annual global competitiveness report: 2018 in the midst of rapid technological change, political polarization and a fragile economic recovery, it is critical that we define, assess and implement new pathways to growth and prosperity.
the 2018 edition of the global competitiveness report represents a milestone in the four-decade history of the series, with the introduction of the new global competitiveness index 4.0. the new index sheds light on an emerging set of drivers of productivity and long-term growth in the era of the fourth industrial revolution. it provides a much-needed compass for policy-makers and other stakeholders to help shape economic strategies and monitor progress
benchlearning national innovation systems: dynamic positioning for industrialized, developing and emerging economies: from azerbaijan to zimbabwe, there is hardly a country (and/or region) which has not crafted a national innovation strategy to invigorate their innovation and entrepreneurial capability. since all nations are mobilizing to position their unique history and technology prowess, savvy leaders have launched trans-border initiatives to leap-frog competitors on this new level playing field. the interaction and influence of the baltics dynamics as a ‘zone of innovation’ is one prime example, and is contrasted with boston, massachusetts, which ranks as the #1 innovation region in the world.
atlas of sustainable development goals 2018 : from world development indicators the atlas of sustainable development goals 2018 is a visual guide to the trends, challenges and measurement issues related to each of the 17 sustainable development goals. the atlas features maps and data visualizations, primarily drawn from world development indicators (wdi) - the world bank’s compilation of internationally comparable statistics about global development and the quality of people’s lives.
 view all

 

press roome100 rich bendis releases his innovationdaily: state of global innovation report 30 june, 2016e100 rich bendis releases his innovationdaily: analysis: mass. house of representatives vote on noncompete reform 1 july, 2016view all 



ceo and president  
lynne m schneider
from azerbaijan to zimbabwe, there is hardly a country (and/or region) which has not crafted a national innovation strategy to invigorate their innovation and entrepreneurial capability. since all nations are mobilizing to position their unique history and technology prowess, savvy leaders have launched trans-border initiatives to leap-frog competitors on this new level playing field.

testimonials 
leif edvinssonentovation and the effortless intelligence work by dr. debra amidon, is putting the spotlight on the 2 major dimensions of the future – enterprising as well as innovations. the methodologies – as well as networking brought forward by her work – are a true global entrepreneurial spirit for nourishing intellectual capital.swedenjoerg staehelientovation 100 is the most unique, global and cross-organizational place where people in the knowledge management arena can be found.switzerlandxenia stanfordthe mission of knowmap is to gather knowledge from around the world and share it with those who could benefit from it anywhere in the world. being part of the entovation network has linked many sources of knowledge to the knowledge hungry in several parts of the globe. being part of the entovation network has helped us expand our readership to 6 continents, over 32 countries and more than 38 states and provinces in north america.canada 



copyright © 2025 | wordpress theme by mh themes
























