

















grandriver permanent registered canadian kennel club kennel, labrador 

retriever puppies ontario, labrador retriever breeder ontario









 
 




























  

		   home  ¦

		   boys  ¦

		   girls  ¦

		   puppies  ¦

		   older dogs  ¦

		   rainbow bridge  ¦

		   

		   contact  

		







 

welcome

 


 


grandriver permanent registered kennels is small private hobby kennel dedicated to improving the labrador 

				retriever breed, period.   we occasionally have 

				labrador retriever puppies.  our dogs are well socialized and share time in the house as part of the family. 
with over 23 years of experience in breeding labrador 

				retriever puppies, we only breed from champion labrador retriever bloodlines.  our selective breeding program provides quality, solid, and sweet tempered labrador 

				retriever puppies meeting the breed standard worldwide.  thus providing you with an addition to the family with a long tenure. 
we 
				strive to offer to our puppy buyers genetically sound, quality 
				labrador retriever puppies.  all our puppies have their 
				first shots, are wormed, microchipped, canadian kennel club registered, have pedigrees and come with a written guarantee for all major inherited and congenital problems.  most breeding stock has had hips x-rayed since 1965, and having their eyes certified since 1970.  we breed only from sound stock.  for that special 

				labrador retriever puppy, who will be eager to please and a perfect companion, especially selected for your family, 

				please visit our puppies page
paul & simone pobega
paul pobega - canadian kennel club sporting group conformation 
			judge
 breeder/owner of 38 champions
 located in ontario, 1 hour north of toronto, minutes from orillia 

				& barrie 

			members of:  

			

			the labrador retriever club of ontario, the labrador retriever club of 

			canada and the labrador owners club

			copyright © 2006-2012 grandriver 

			perm.  

			kennelsontario, canada 
labrador retriever puppies ontario, labrador retriever breeders ontario, 

			labrador retriever breeder ontario, canadian kennel club, labrador 

			retriever club of ontario, labrador retriever club of canada, lab puppies ontario, labrador retriever breeders ontario
 














  

		   home  ¦

		   boys  ¦

		   girls  ¦

		   puppies  ¦

		   older dogs  ¦

		   rainbow bridge  

		¦

		   contact  

		







