








gemi























































 
 











×
sign in


user name

password

lost your password?





 





×
sign up not allowed by admin.


please content admin for registration.












     

   

























    


home
about us
leadership
solutions
news
contact
 




















layerslider encountered a problem while it tried to show your slider.please make sure that you've used the right shortcode or method to insert the slider, and check if the corresponding slider exists and it wasn't deleted previously. 












collaborating for 
sustainable business solutions. developing tools and resources to solve sustainability challenges. creating world class meetings 
for networking and collaboration. 

leadership
gemi is an organization of director and manager level corporate sustainability leaders dedicated to fostering global environmental sustainability excellence through the sharing of tools and information.
 

solutions
for 25 years, gemi has captured the vision and experience of corporate environmental sustainability leaders through the development of a wide range of tools designed to help companies improve the environment and provide business value. 
 

meetings
gemi provides a forum for global corporate sustainability thought leaders to learn from each other, develop collaborative solutions, and engage with strategic partners to advance solutions to emerging environmental and sustainability challenges.
 
latest news







june 1, 2024
 comments are off 
gemi announces creation of

washington, june 3, 2024, the global env
read more







may 9, 2024
 comments are off 
gemi elects new board of d

washington, may 8, 2024 /prnewswire/ -- 
read more







november 15, 2023
 comments are off 
evolving sustainability an

mark johnson, gannett fleming, gemi chai
read more





featured tools














buyer / supplier collaboration quick guide

















responsible supply chain guiding principles

















supply chain sustainability solutions map

















supply chain sustainability solutions case studies

















gemi sustainability 101 training toolkit







view all 













about gemi gemi is the global leader in developing insights, networking, and creating collaborative sustainability solutions for business. for 25 years, gemi has captured the vision and experience of global corporate environmental, health and safety (ehs) and sustainability leaders from diverse business sectors through the development of a wide range of publicly-available, solutions-based tools designed to help companies improve the environment, their operations and add business value. 


contact





please enter the information below to send us a message: 









 










 



   






copyright © 2015 all rights reserved by gemi, inc.























