
















ironwood point - family camping, fishing, & boating on lake wallenpaupack






























 





opening date: may 3, 2024. closing date: october 14, 2024. we are a pet-free facility.




menumenuhomeour campground

amenitiesmaps & rulesfaqsphoto gallerybrochuretestimonials
things to do

activitiesour marinalocal attractions
book your stay

camping ratesseasonal campingreservation request
contact us 




































































time together

time together
welcome to a place of serene, wooded camping on the edge of lake wallenpaupack. ironwood point provides you with the opportunity to experience the best of camping with your friends and family  in the poconos. it’s time to sit back, relax, and take in everything ironwood point has to offer.






time on the water

time on the water
when you've got a body of water as beautiful as lake wallenpaupack right at your fingertips, you'll be hard-pressed to find yourself wanting to do anything other than spending time on the water. regardless of the water activity you prefer, ironwood point will always keep you coming back for more.






time in the poconos

time in the poconos
not only is ironwood point surrounded by the magnificent lake wallenpaupack, but we're close by everything you love about the poconos. bushkill falls, lackawanna coal mine, montage mountain, and so much more, experience the best of the poconos while using us as your home base!











book your stay at
















time well spent











tent sites
you'll be hard-pressed to find better tent camping than the amazing sites we have at ironwood point!
read more







rv sites
beautiful and spacious sites that help you sit back and relax with the beautiful lake wallenpaupack as your backdrop.
read more







marina
ironwood point marina is here to make sure that you have everything you need to complete your camping vacation!
read more






experience ironwood point




 watch our video!






the poconos await




 check out the poconos!




















great sites and great service. camp on the lake and launch your boat right from their ramp. owners are extremely nice and helpful. 
—rob s, google


great sites and great service. camp on the lake and launch your boat right from their ramp. owners are extremely nice and helpful. 
—rob s, google









testimonials
ironwood point








rob s, google
great sites and great service. camp on the lake and launch your boat right from their ramp. owners are extremely nice and helpful. 




tripadvisor
had a great time! super clean, well kept, and quiet. the camp store had everything you could ever need and their prices are great. bring your boat and/or tent and have a good time.




john b, facebook
took the family tent camping for 4 days right after the 4th. owners were extremely helpful, wonderful hospitality, and a clean and well run campground. we will definitely be coming back.




tripadvisor
we have been rv campers for over 40 years. i have to say this is probably one of the most beautiful campgrounds we have found. i can't say enough good things about this campground & the staff. can't wait to go back!




nancy s, facebook
this is by far the best campsite i have ever gone to. amazing manager/owners, tom and doris, are some of the nicest people i have ever met. and i love the waterfront camping sites!




tripadvisor
the owners could not have been any friendlier or kinder. my wife has limited walking abilities, so one of the owner's (doris) took my wife to the lake via golf cart and asked that she call her when she was ready to return. we were so impressed that we stayed an extra day.





















times you'll never forget



























































view our gallery


















155 burns hill road,greentown pa, 18426
(570) 857-0880
 send us an email





© 2025 ironwood point campground & marina
website design by campground studios | accesibility statement



 

 













	website design by campground studios



















