
















home





























               


        

 

 

 

 





   

join now


   

log in




       about


   our news


   lptw recent news



  lptw hot news



  in memoriam





  our mission and values



  our history & background



  our people



  our committees



  ct chapter



  contact us



  not receiving our emails?





  programming


   calendar of events



  industry news and events



  public events


   professional seminars



  oral history



  women stage the world



  award ceremonies





  awards


   theatre women awards



  the lptw rachel crothers leadership award®



  gilder/coigney international theatre award



  lucille lortel award





  opportunities for members only


   coffee hours



  roundtables



  julia’s reading room



  power play reading club



  book nook



  membership gatherings



  12th night party!







  media and accolades


   publications



  press



  videos





  support us


   current supporters



  make a donation



  purchase merch





  membership


   membership benefits



  levels of membership



  application process



  find a member



  member portal





  resources















    
 





        



 



    the league of

professional theatre women
join us as we change and challenge our industry







    lptw news

news, events and accomplishments within the league of professional theatre women



    lptw news
    

    book reading club of plays


 by admin lptw
•
february 12, 2025

join lptw's book reading club of plays to virtually discuss heidi schreck's play "what the constitution means to me" on                                              thursday                                  , february 20                                               at 7:00 pm est

 




   

    women stage the world...rescheduled!!!


 by admin lptw
•
september 22, 2024

after much thought we regret to inform you that wstw march                                               will not                                                           be on                                              september 28, 2024                                                      we have scheduled the                                                                                             rain date for saturday, october 5                                              ...the same schedule                                                                   schedule:                                                                  11:30 a.m. - members of lptw will gather at the signature theatre cafe                                                                   12:00 p.m. - march will commence                          after the march is concluded, we will reconvene at the signature theatre for celebratory drinks.                                                                                                                        rsvp here

 




   

    fall launch 2024


 by admin lptw
•
september 22, 2024

lptw fall 2024 launch                                                      join us as we gather to discuss upcoming programs, league updates, awards and opportunities for women working in theatre.                                                                    date:                                              sunday, september 22, 2024                                                                    time:                                              1:30 p.m. to 4:30 p.m.                                                       location:                                               episcopal actors guild (eag)                                                                   guild hall - 1 east 29th street                                                      (btw madison/5th)                                                      new york, ny 10016

 





 show more






     
 



   





  the league of professional theatre women
 
the league of professional theatre women is a membership organization for professional theatre women representing a diversity of identities, backgrounds, and disciplines. through our programs and initiatives, we create community, cultivate leadership, and seek to increase opportunities and recognition for women in professional theatre.   

contact us




    the benefits of membership
 
are you looking for a community of artists who encourage you, challenge you, expand your network and help you grow professionally and personally? do you want that group of people to be part of a safe space where you can meet other women and female identifying professionals working in the industry today? we have just the organization for you: the league of professional theatre women.    

join today


 



     
 



   





  creating opportunity & recognizing excellence
 
our programming knows no boundaries. they are all designed to support our goal of promoting visibility and increasing opportunity for women across the world. from readings to travel, from mentorship to networking, the league's programs gives members a way to expand their skills while supporting each other's professional aspirations. through our awards programs we recognize the extraordinary body of work being created by women in the usa and around the globe. 
   

learn more




    our core values
 
the league of professional theatre women values the individual talents, skills, and artistry of all theatre women represented in our industry. in the spirit of full inclusion of all our varied identities (race, ethnicity, age, disability, sexual orientation, national origin, caste, tribe, socio-economic status, thinking and communication styles), we are committed to a culture of edia.   

read more




    amplifying women's voices
 
we know the value of the written word as it relates to the work we produce as women artists. our members are playwrights, authors, scholars, publicists, librettists, amongst additional titles. they amplify the present, provide context to the past and sculpt the future. we are proud that our initiatives have been in the spotlight as well as the work of our members. this visibility continues the conversation of women artists throughout the world. words matter.   

learn more




    donate now

make your tax-deductible donation to the league of professional theatre women!

   

learn more









      



       

the league of professional theatre women is a membership organization for professional theatre women representing a diversity of identities, backgrounds, and disciplines. 




  quick links

       home



  about



  programming






     media and accolades



  support us



  membership








       

 

 

 

 








  contact us

22 east 30th street suite 309 new york, ny 10016phone: 
(646) 
389-5676general inquires: 
admin@theatrewomen.org
     

join now


   

log in







   special thanks to our brava sponsor,
showtime networks inc.





   the lptw professional development and heritage programs are made possible, in part, by the new york state council on the arts with the support of the office of the governor and the new york state legislature, and by public funds from the nyc department of cultural affairs in partnership with the city council.



  




   
     © 2025 
all rights reserved | league of professional theatre women |  this site is powered by neon one


  © 2025 
all rights reserved | league of professional theatre women |  this site is powered by neon one



  privacy & terms






















































































































  
  share by:








