






missouri fact - family and community trust
















































missouri factfamily and community trusthome
who we are

our history
our team & board
community partnerships


what we do
news and events
resources
contact us






family and community trust
improving the lives of missouri's children and families.




learn more 








 missouri kids count app coming soon! 




what we do



the family and community trust (fact) is a non-profit corporation with members drawn from the top leadership in state government and the private sector. it governs the work of the twenty community partnerships across the state. the board’s mission is to promote and support effective public/private partnerships and community involvement to develop innovative solutions for improving the lives of missouri’s children and families.




more of what we do 




our initiatives



1. missouri's community partnerships
fact supports 20 community partnerships across the state of missouri. each partnership works within their community to identify and develop solutions to overcome challenges such as homelessness, drug abuse, teen pregnancy, child abuse, after school care, dental care and others.




learn more about our partnerships 












2. missouri kids count
missouri kids count is a diverse team of public sector, non-profit and private sector members that works to improve the lives of missouri’s children by using reliable data to spark collaboration, inform policy making, and make sound investments.




learn more about missouri kids count 




3. no kid hungry missouri
no kid hungry missouri connects children in need with programs like school breakfast, afterschool and summer meals. working together with local organizations around the state, we generate the will and skill to help communities feed children in need every day of the year.




learn more about no kid hungry 









family and community trust
114 b e. high street
jefferson city, mo 65101
573-636-6300




our initiatives

community partnerships
missouri kids count
no kid hungry missouri











 



 



 



 



copyright © 2025 · missouri family and community trust 















