






american logistics international inc





























toggle navigation








home
about us
services
clients
management

gallery

links 

information on asbestos
warning flyer
forms


news
contact
register
login







770-228-6038
purchase chemicals here
















email






password








forgot password
login





email







reset




password reset code sent successfully. please check your email.




email not registered. please enter a registered email id.














welcome to alii


american logistics international, inc. (alii) was founded in 1983 making it one of the oldest environmental companies still in existence in the united states to date.  alii is a professional service organization dedicated to providing the highest standards of quality and performance to highly critical and specialized industries such as asbestos removal and demolition.
over the last 30 years alii have successfully completed over 3,000 projects covering a wide range of environmental services throughout the southeastern regional thirteen states to include puerto rico and the us virgin island.  our expertise and experiences provide greater opportunities to facilitate the needs of our clients, governmental, commercial and private sectors in a fast and efficient manner to enhance client productivity, operations, greater opportunities to recover property value and profits.
call alii before taking on your next renovating or demolishing project and let us make your project a successful one, delivered confidently on time and within budget.







our expertise





environmental consulting
we provide construction services such as asbestos hazard assessments or 
					lead hazard assessments or conducting due diligence reports for our clients.
        		
more info
        			




laboratory
we can provide quality analytical results along with rapid turnaround times 
					within three hours.
				
more info
        			




quality demolition
we have over 30 years of building demolition, wrecking and dismantling experience.
more info
        			




asbestos abatement
our process of removing asbestos is comprised of several key steps.
more info
        			









×close

environment consulting









		        			 here at alii our consultants ensure that our clients maintain an appropriate measure of compliance 
		        			 with environmental regulations. we pride ourselves on having deep knowledge on environmental regulations, 
		        			 which we use to advise our clients in the private industry or public government institutions to help 
		        			 them steer clear of possible fines, legal action or misguided transactions.
						

							we provide construction services such as asbestos hazard assessments or lead hazard assessments or 
							conducting due diligence reports for our clients.
		        		




close









×close

laboratory









		        			 our on call laboratory is a full-service laboratory offering asbestos analysis in phase contrast microscopy (pcm), 
		        			 polarized light microscopy (plm), and transmission electron microscopy (tem). we can provide quality analytical results 
		        			 along with rapid turnaround times within three hours. their polarized light microscopes used for bulk asbestos analysis 
		        			 are designed by leica for a wide variety of applications such as petrography, mineralogy, and materials analysis. 
		        			 the latest energy dispersive x-ray analysis (edxa) and scan active digital imaging technology from evex can be utilized by 
		        			 hitachi h-600 tem and hitachi h-600 tem/stem (scanning capabilities) electron microscopes. we offer a complete line of 
		        			 analytical testing for all different types of matrices, and we are dedicated to superior customer service and maintaining a 
		        			 level of standard at every facet of analysis and reporting.
						

analytical services

airborne fiber analysis by phase contrast and transmission electron microscopy
niosh 7400
niosh 7400 with osha 8hr time weighted average
ahera (40 cfr, part 763, subpart e, appendix a)
yamate level ii
niosh 7402



bulk asbestos --analysis by polarized light and transmission electron microscopy

plm epa method: 600/r-93/116
plm epa 400 point count
plm epa 1000 point count
plm epa nob with gravimetric reduction prep - epa/600/r-93/116
plm ny elap 198.6
niosh 9002
tem epa nob-epa/600/r-93/116
tem chatfield
tem ny elap 198.4



water analysis for asbestos by transmission electron microscopy

tem epa 100.2



dust analysis for asbestos by transmission electron microscopy

astm d5755-03: micro-vacuum samples
astm d6480-05: wipe surface samples



soil analysis for asbestos by polarized light microscopy

plm epa 600/r-93/116 (qualitative analysis)



 							analysis design for rocks, soil, and vermiculite testing
							california air resource board 435 (lod less than 1%, 0.25%, and 0.1%) available.
		        		




close









×close

quality demolition









		        			  here at ali we have over 30 years of building demolition, wrecking and dismantling experience. our highly-skilled and safe 
		        			  workforce, along with a comprehensive range of modern demolition equipment, are prepared to perform the demolition of one 
		        			  structure, an entire plant or facility. our industrial and commercial demolition services include:
						


building demolition contractors services
total plant and facility demolition and wrecking
selective demolition and dismantlement contracting services
concrete or steel silo demolition
foundation, slab and footing removal
water tower, radio tower dismantlement
technical and standard demolition services
industrial and commercial demolition services



		        			our experienced operators employ safety specific techniques in the razing of residential structures, where tight situations 
		        			can exist. a thorough hazard assessment is conducted prior to demolition activities, in addition to creating a materials 
		        			staging and disposal plan.
		        		




close








×close

asbestos abatement









do you know that the prolonged inhalation of asbestos fibers can cause serious illnesses, 
		        			  including malignant lung cancer, mesothelioma, and asbestosis (a type of pneumoconiosis)?


where asbestos is found?
							asbestos containing materials can be found in a variety of products used in the construction and renovation of homes. 
							there are over 3000 products made with asbestos, and some still being used today.
		        		

		        			 asbestos may be found in materials such as: insulation around pipes, ducts, and furnaces, ceiling tiles, ceiling texture, 
		        			 vinyl flooring and mastics, spray on acoustical insulation, artificial fireplace ashes and embers, wallboard patching and 
		        			 joint compounds, plaster, soils, "popcorn" ceilings, attic insulations, exterior roofing products, siding, and concrete water 
		        			 mains. many buildings contain asbestos, which was used in spray-applied flame retardant, thermal system insulation, and in a 
		        			 variety of other materials. our team of specialty trained inspectors will come and conduct a 100% check to see if your 
		        			 establishment contains any asbestos hazards.did you know the law requires notifying local, state, and federal agencies before 
		        			 you begin any renovation? click here for more information!
		        		

our abatement process
		        			our process of removing asbestos is comprised of several key steps.
							
							1. first the targeted area to be abated is completely isolated from adjacent areas. this is done with the placement of 
							impermeable barriers, usually high thickness vinyl and/or plastic sheeting, which is completely sealed at its perimeter 
		        			by duct tape.
		        			
        					2. holes in floors and mechanical equipment areas are sealed and plugged to form clean room environment. special air 
        					filters and vacuum units are then installed within these clean rooms. during removal process, these filters will contain, 
        					isolate and monitor the air and allow for testing of any trace amounts of free asbestos.

        					3. asbestos removal workers enter the clean area via special airlocks, clothed in tyvek suits. the asbestos is usually 
        					dampened to facilitate its aggregation and removal. the removal itself is done by hand, with workers placing the abated 
        					material into special bags, each of which is sealed and tagged prior to removal from the clean area. the sealed bags are 
        					then transported to licensed disposal sites.

        					4. before, during and after the abatement process, continual air monitoring is in place. the data collected is transmitted to 
        					independent testing labs for analysis and reporting. 





close











recent news



07/02/2014 statistics show it is particularly prevalent amongst construction workers and read more...


07/02/2014 home renovators are being encouraged to extend their 'diy' skills and take a  read more...


06/30/2014 asbestos regulations were last updated in the mid-1980s, and more than 20 years  read more...





contact
770-228-6038 
p.o. box 1488 griffin, ga 30224 
americanlogistics@ali-service.com 
 


            		© copyright 2011 welcome to american logistics international, inc.! | all rights reserved | terms of use | privacy policy 
            	



 



