





building rainbows – learn computer science with swift




































 




building rainbows






toggle navigation



about
swift playgrounds videos
lessons
blog
inspirations
contact
teacher’s guide
resources
 










building rainbows
learn computer science in swiftswift playgrounds videoscomputer science video inspirationslessonsblogswift playgrounds book subscriptionlearn to code teachers guidehomework assignments apponline high school computer science course













what is building rainbows?
building rainbows is a computer science curriculum using apple’s swift programming language.  in these pages, you will find lessons, sample problems, videos, programming examples, swift playground books and our thoughts on computer science.
why is learning computer science so important?



innovation – computer science is the future.  from robots that mow our lawns, to self-driving cars, movies that stretch our imaginations, virtual worlds that expand the imagination and social media tools that keep us more connected than ever, the future belongs to those who speak the language of computer science.
success – more than any other time in history, there are far more dreams than there are people with the expertise needed to fulfill them.  there is a serious lack of well-trained computer scientists to fill the demand and experts predict the demand for well-educated computer scientists will continue for decades.
confidence – learning computer science gives you a leg up on the competition.  a well-trained computer scientist embraces challenges with the confidence that they are ideally-suited to tackle any challenge that comes their way.
creativity – computer science empowers us to create the unexpected.
expertise – well-trained computer scientists are problem solvers.  in addition, the logic and problem solving skills gained while learning computer science extend to other life skills like critical thinking, mathematics, science and active reading.



the earlier that children learn the fundamental topics of computer science, like sequences and conditionals, the more deeply they absorb these concepts.  learning to program and exploring the ideas of computer science is like learning a second language, the earlier you start, the easier it is to master.
computer science is more than just programming.  when a student studies computer science, they learn problem solving skills, computational thinking, algorithm development, number systems, abstraction, idea mapping, data representation, structured thinking, and iterative refinement of ideas, skill sets and solutions.
at building rainbows, we believe the high-level, abstract thinking practiced by computer scientists fosters a sense of empathy and self in a broader community.
why swift?

while our curriculum will engage students in all facets of computer science, we will also be learning to program a computer.  the programming language we are using is swift.  swift originated at apple, and has since been made open source. it is an extremely powerful programming language, but is easy enough for a beginner.  the language was designed to progressively disclose complexity as the student’s skill grows.  swift is the programming language of choice for developing ios applications for the iphone, ipad, apple tv and apple watch, making it inspiring for students of all ages.  swift is a fast, powerful, safe, modern and elegant programming language with a burgeoning set of learning tools that make learning engaging and enjoyable.
staff:
our curriculum staff has years of industry experience developing software used by the public and years of experience teaching thousands of young people the concepts and skills of computer science.

check out our online high school computer science course taught in swift if you are ready to start your journey into the exciting world of computer science and programming!







blogthoughts and observations about computer science and swift 


 



 


uncategorized 


								robotic wheelchair							

resource: high school students build robotic wheelchair for child. use in the curriculum hold a discussion about using technology to help others in need. discussion prompts: the team who built this robotic wheelchair for this read more…







 


cs education apps 


								introducing vizbang!  – an app for visualizing large datasets for students.							

computer science is not just about programming.   there are many other facets of the discipline that do not get enough attention from students and educators.  the processing and portrayal of information is a key read more…







 


appleedu 


								swift playground day of action planned							

just a friendly reminder that the swift playgrounds “day of action” will be happening today, april 1, 2018 from 2pm to 5pm gmt. byte is quite the character but he, along with the other character read more…



 



 


learn to code 


								swift playgrounds discussion resources completed for learn to code series							

we are very excited to announce that we have completed our video resources for the learn to code series of activities for the swift playgrounds computer science curriculum from apple. link: swift playgrounds videos the read more…







 


swift playgrounds on ipad 


								print to the console in swift playgrounds for ipad							

swift playgrounds for ipad and the learn to code curriculum are fantastic at introducing students to almost all of the major components of computer science:  abstraction, composition, procedural thinking and computational thinking.  there is one read more…







 


learn to code 


								hello, serendipity							

in computer science class this week, we showed in class the video footage of the latest spacex heavy rocket launch from florida and had a class discussion on the role of technology in human space read more…



 






get in touch
please contact us here if you have any questions




contact us


									[pirate_forms]								







facebook
twitter
instagram
email
 
				hestia | developed by themeisle 
 










