




smiling horse stables










 

 

smiling
 horse
 stables

            


 welcome to our web site



 




currently accepting students and boarders in the wider gastonia area

this web site is dedicated
to my wonderful horse  "mcinally". 
 
smiling horse stables
(shs) is a semi-private equestrian facility nestled in peaceful south-gastonia, nc --- less than 15 miles away
from the hectic life in charlotte with
woods, pastures and rivers. 
to map our 
location or get directions please click on the  
"how to get there"
site. 
 if you are interested
in boarding your horse with us please check out our 
horse-boarding 
site for more details.  all riding 
styles welcome ! we currently offer only full (stall) board with daily turnouts.
 
*** please note info below about 
trail-riding ***
we do not offer trail rides to non-boarders. if you are looking 
for trail rides please check with "latta equestrian center"

www.countrytimecarriages.net 
 or (704) 992-1550.
 
as
us / german certified riding instructors with over
25 years of experience
we offer lessons in dressage, jumping and three-day-eventing either at our
barn or at our student's facilities . all levels are covered from beginners to
advanced up to 4th level, 
children to adults on own horses or schooling horses..
 
we also offer clinics at our barn, public riding facilities or
at our student's barn. clinicians are either the trainers from shs or
otherwise recognized instructors. if you are interested in a clinic as a student or
clinicians please check our  "lesson/clinics" 
page or contact us directly. disciplines offered 
are dressage, jumper & 
eventing.
in 
addition we offer specialized camps 
all year round for different groups depending on age, 
disciplines and experience. please check our website frequently for upcoming 
events and click on the link 
for 
"camps".

due to over twenty-five years of experience in training
horses and successful showing, we are able to offer horse-training for
all major english disciplines and levels from "green" horses to horses
in the upper classes. look on our  "horse
training" 
site for details.
if you are looking to buy, sell or lease a horse please check out 
our link "horses"  
because we are constantly buying, selling or leasing horses. if you are thinking about 
selling or leasing your horse please feel free to
contact us and we might either buy or lease it directly from you or advertise it on
our website. we always have riders looking for a sound horse to lease. 
if you have any questions or comments we are more
than happy to talk to you. go to our  "contact
us"  page and find out how to get in
touch with us.
we also offer certified equine appraisal in case you 
have any needs for the value of your horse to be appraised. please click on our
"equine appraisal" 
site for more details.
 
 



updated: 05/22/11
i



