







"best of charlotte" - horseback riding lessons and summer camps




































est. 1997 - leg up equestrian english riding academy is a combined training (ct) horsemastership school: hunter/jumper, dressage, cross-country.
leg up offers a compreshensive year-round horseback riding lessons with programs for youth, teen and adult riders beginner-advanced levels.




 speciality clinics and horsemanship classes are offered for qualified intermediate & advanced levels in dessage, jumping, and introductory cross-country/eventing. 
 
 
there's nothing pretentious about it - we cherish simplicity and down-to-earth family values that make being part of leg up, being a part of our family. we instill in our students our core values: hard work, leadership and to exemplify exceptional horsemanship as we progress towards our indivdual goals.
 
with a primary focus on teaching, training and learning since 1997, leg up's riding academy is recognized for featuring one of the most established youth equestrian programs in the carolinas and southeast region, and has consistenty earned their reputation and praise in the equestrian community.



 



 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 




conveniently located near waxhaw, ballantyne, south charlotte nc & fort mill sc

at leg up we foster a supportive and encouraging environment where learning is fun as well as challenging.
pre-register now to
reserve         a camp spot
        registration
 
           opens: 2/1


 







 

























































home | contact us | jobs 


english horse riding lessons horseback riding hunter-jumper hunter/jumper hunter jumping cross country combined training charlotte, nc fort mill, sc stable stables 


2025 summer camps! - pre-register now







2024/25 classes
lesson program info | schedule a trial lesson












 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   

how can we give you a leg up? 

a structured program of "levels" following a proven curriculum
skills taught in a logical, progressive series; tailored to individual learning styles
small, skill-level appropriate class sizes
integrated approach to riding and horse mastership training 
friendly atmosphere and personal attention 
safe horses, safe instructors, safe environment



 best of charlotte- horseback riding lessons & horse camps 


ready to learn more?
discover more - about us 
contact us here for additional information, or to schedule a trial lesson. - we would love the opportunity to talk with you.


thank you for choosing 
leg up equestrian!



© 1997-2025 | leg up equestrian english riding academy 





 








































boys horsemanship program - new
 * boys 2025 summer camp: 
    june 23-27
* english riding classes






