






























 




idevaffiliate - leading affiliate tracking software
































































features


features overview


idevaffiliate is jam packed with thousands of features. these are just some of the more popular highlights.







coupon code commissioning
                                  

assign coupon codes to affiliates for no-link marketing.







per-product commissioning
define individual commission rates for all your products.







email address tracking

powerful!


create lifetime customer/affiliate relationships.







product catalog
                              
popular


upload all your products for affiliates to directly market.







tier recruiting
define up to 10 levels for affiliates to recruit other affiliates.







override commissions
create parent/child relationships between affiliates.







performance bonuses
reward your top performers with instant bonus commissions.







built-in affiliate payment
pay affiliates directly. use paypal, venmo, stripe, etc. with automatic invoicing.







language packs
open new geographical markets with 28 language packs.








live / zoom onboarding
all plans include live onboarding to get you setup and running smoothly.







affiliate directory page
get in front of thousands of affiliates with your page in our affiliate directory.







custom subdomain
use your own subdomain so everything runs with your own branding.






demo
integrate


pricing


                        free trial                    


















affiliate tracking, marketing and management software

all cloud accounts include a live onboarding session and dedicated page in our affiliate program directory.


7-day free trial
get started







2025 update! new admin dashboard releasing soon!











new affiliate dashboard themes
fresh for 2025 are new front-end affiliate dashboard themes already releasing.
we'll be releasing new themes in rapid succession throughout the entire year.














affiliate tracking software

                   we're not just a basic affiliate plugin. with years of experience in the affiliate tracking business, we know what you're looking for in your affiliate software and have become know as one of the best affiliate software providers around.
                

                  we've packed idevaffiliate with all of today's most affiliate tracking features to make management as easy as possible. whether you're new to affiliate marketing or a seasoned veteran, idevaffiliate is built for you.
                
start your free trial










geo targeting




seo linking




general lead tracking




tier recruiting




coupon code commissioning




performance rewards




custom keyword tracking




affiliate dashboard




fraud detection & prevention tools




built-in affiliate payment












affiliate software made for you
simple. scalable. essential.










social media sharing


our affiliate plugin lets you build your social media following! affiliates can market to facebook, x (formerly twitter), youtube, linkedin and pinterest.





coupon code tracking


assign coupon codes to your affiliates to use for marketing. no links required! great for offline and word-of-mouth marketing.





affiliate recruiting


offer affiliates the ability to earn from other affiliates they recruit. enable up to 10 tiers in the multi-tier feature!




















seo / sem


build stronger seo with relevant backlinking and proven seo compatible linking structures. increase your conversion rate with higher quality traffic.





built-in onboarding


get started fast with our built-in onboarding (step-by-step) process with access to over 70 hours of training videos.





brand identity


with the cloud premium plan, you can optionally use your own subdomain for your account location and inbound linking.













we have loved working with idevaffiliate over the years and your customer service is excellent! unfortunately, that is not something i can say very often these days, but it has always been the case with you guys!
kim turcotte, inspired living publishing











is idevaffiliate right for your business?

                        our goal with idevaffiliate is to provide powerful, robust, easy-to-use software solutions for businesses like yours. unlike a lot of basic affiliate plugins, our affiliate marketing management tool is specifically designed to track, manage, and optimize all aspects of your affiliate program, ensuring seamless management and unprecedented growth.
                    











cost-effective marketing strategy
affiliate marketing is a performance-based marketing model, meaning you only pay for results. with our affiliate plugin, you'll have complete control over the commission structure of your program, allowing you to make informed decisions on your marketing spend. this ensures your marketing budget is used efficiently, yielding maximum return on investment and the best part is, affiliate management software its all managed for you!











enhanced seo and organic growth
when your affiliates create and share branded content linking back to your website, they contribute to improved search engine visibility for your business. more high-quality inbound links translate to higher rankings on search engines, which drive more organic traffic to your site. our affiliate software helps you keep track of your affiliates' performance and link building efforts, offering critical insights for future growth.











gain valuable customer insights
our cutting-edge affiliate tracking software offers sophisticated data analysis tools, enabling you to gain valuable insights into customer behavior. understanding your customer's preferences empowers you to tailor your products and offers, resulting in higher conversion rates and a more successful affiliate program.











strengthen partnerships and build a network of loyal affiliates
our affiliate marketing management tool helps you build and maintain strong relationships with your affiliates, ensuring they feel valued and motivated. by offering real-time tracking and comprehensive reporting, you'll enable your partners to optimize their performance and generate more revenue for your business.












boost your business revenue

build your affiliate network

                        idevaffiliate provides cutting-edge affiliate tracking to help you maximize your revenue and scale your online business effortlessly. as a premier provider of affiliate marketing solutions, we proudly serve businesses of all sizes in managing their affiliate programs and supercharging their performance.
                        
                        affiliate marketing is an essential marketing strategy for both startups and established businesses alike. by operating an affiliate program, you can leverage the power of influencers, bloggers, and industry moguls to promote your products or services. this, in turn, drives more traffic to your site, boosts conversions, and elevates your brand. our feature-rich, state-of-the-art affiliate tracking software promises to take your business to new heights.

                    









increase brand exposure and reach a wider audience
by partnering with affiliates, you automatically expand your marketing reach to their loyal followers. this creates an opportunity to tap into new markets and engage a broader audience. our user-friendly tracking software ensures that all your affiliates receive accurate and timely performance reports, empowering them to promote your business more effectively.






















1-800-976-4318


                        we're in southern california, usa
                    







support


                        provided by our development staff
                    







schedule a demo


                        let's jump on a zoom call together
                    











affiliate program directory

                            we're not just great affiliate marketing software! get your affiliate program added to our affiliate program directory, free of charge! all accounts include a free listing and premium accounts include premium features like ranking first in search results and having the highly recommended tag added. affiliates can join your affiliate program with just one-click making it easier than ever to attract and sign new affiliates.
                        

start your 7 day free trial




















grow your brand. build trust.

                            with idevaffiliate (affiliate program software), we track the performance of all your affiliates, brand ambassadors, influencers and business partners to provide you the detailed metrics and reports needed to be successful. with our affiliate management software, you can easily build credibility through seo compliant affiliate links. no messy links or suspicious looking redirects. with years of experience and tons of work, we've fine tuned our affiliate tracking software for maximum functionality and design convenience and believe you'll be as happy as all our current clients are!
                        

                            when well-known influencers and industry experts promote your products, it establishes credibility and trustworthiness around your brand. this greatly enhances your reputation, ultimately driving more users to visit your site and invest in your offerings.
                        











affiliate marketing tips, tricks and general news
review some great articles from our affiliate marketing blog
















affiliate marketing
debunking common myths about affiliate marketing: get the facts straight



jim webster

uncover the truth behind common misconceptions about affiliate marketing and learn the true potential of this powerful marketing strategy for your business.


read article















affiliate marketing
the ultimate guide to choosing the best affiliate tracking software



jim webster


                            comprehensive guide to selecting the right affiliate tracking software. compare important factors to boost your website marketing performance.
                        


read article














affiliate marketing
7 essential affiliate marketing strategies for ecommerce success



jim webster


                            increase your ecommerce business by employing these 7 proven affiliate marketing strategies that drive traffic, increase sales, and expand your online presence.
                        


read article
















affiliate marketing
crafting quality content for your affiliate program



jim webster


                            see our step-by-step guide to creating engaging, high quality content for your affiliate marketing campaigns.
                        


read article














affiliate marketing
a comprehensive guide to maximizing performance



jim webster


                            learn key tactics and tools for managing, monitoring, and optimizing your affiliate program in this comprehensive guide.
                        


read article














affiliate marketing
7 key elements for crafting high-converting ecommerce affiliate marketing materials



jim webster

discover our 7-point checklist to help you create high-converting marketing content for your affiliate program.


read article














subscribe to our blog

                                    get notified each time we update our blog with awesome new related content and articles!
                                








subscribe now





























customer support is our #1 priority






tons of self-serve articles, tutorials & guides







built-in training videos and integration guides







free migration & integration assistance







instant self-guided onboarding steps







free one-on-one live zoom onboarding call







support offered directly by our development team



chat with us!











                        how does  affiliate tracking work?
                    
we make affiliate marketing management super simple. affiliates recommend your products and services and share their recommendations with friends, family, associates, followers, etc. they get premade marketing links, qr codes, coupon codes, direct social media sharing content and tons of others media to use in their marketing efforts. as they send customers to your website to purchase, affiliates earn a commission. our affiliate management software handles all the heavy lifting. we record all the traffic, leads, commissions. everything!





why affiliate marketing?

affiliate program management has come a long way since its original inception. equipped with innovative features, our affiliate program management tool offers comprehensive insights into affiliate performance, empowering you to optimize your campaigns effectively. this is where idevaffiliate comes in as a trusted provider of advanced affiliate marketing software for over 20 years. we've helped thousands of businesses worldwide to maximize their online revenue through performance-driven affiliate marketing solutions.






the idevaffiliate solution

we understand that each business has unique needs, and that's why our team of skilled developers is committed to providing customized solutions tailored to your specific requirements. from reliable tracking technology to detailed analytics and reporting, we're committed to offering the best affiliate marketing software on the market.






getting started is easy

discover the unparalleled affiliate marketing management benefits by operating your affiliate program with idevaffiliate, and watch your business thrive. get started today by scheduling a live demo of our affiliate marketing software and see for yourself what idevaffiliate can do for your business. our team of experts is on standby to answer any questions you may have and guide you through the process seamlessly.













we love our customers!

                        over the years, we are humbled to have received hundreds of unsolicited testimonials.
                    

view more testimonials
















i conducted considerable research to find an affiliate program. idevaffiliate was the most comprehensive and professional affiliate software by comparison and it included an incredible range of featur ...



                                        mike bonerath - trading advantage                                    
















what can i say, but wow. first of all idevaffiliate is a great tool and the customer service is just as good. i had a transactions error using idevaffiliates with the latest version of wp e-commerce.  ...



                                        gavin kerrigan - flying folders                                    
















it has been an absolute pleasure to integrate idevaffiliate in our marketing strategies. three main benefits are really outstanding: 1.) installation was extremely simple and could be done without det ...



                                        alexander kohl - passionate management                                    












30 minute live onboarding
free - included with your new account.



our goal is to make sure we create a special affiliate program, custom tailored your exact specifications. our specialists will get on a live (zoom) call with you to walk through all your settings, commission structures, cart integration and answer any questions you have about your new affiliate program. get more out of your affiliate marketing software with personalized setup and configuration.










try idevaffiliate today and see just how easy managing your affiliate program can be!
start your free trial today
















we are a united states based company located in southern california. idevaffiliate inc. has been a leader in affiliate tracking solutions for more than 20 years.

contact us

schedule a demo














call us toll-free
800-976-4318






connect idevaffiliate
we've created videos on how idevaffiliate works with some of our most popular shopping cart partners.





bigcommerce


bluesnap


clickfunnels classic


clickfunnels 2.0


convertri


dropfunnels


ecwid


fastspring


foxy


highlevel


kartra


magento


membermouse


memberpress


opencart








optimizepress


paykickstart


shift4shop


shopify


shopware


squarespace


s2member


stripe


weebly


whmcs


wix


woocommerce


wordpress


wp easycart


zoho subscriptions





see all 175+ integrations



help & support


support center


video tutorials


faqs


requirements


policies


installation service


join our newsletter




developers


developers portal


webhooks


restful api






sitemap


home


features


benefits


demo


cart integration


sitemap


testimonials


pricing & free trial


jobs - we're hiring!




marketers


idevaffiliate blog


our affiliate program


affiliate program directory











copyright © 2000 - 2025, idevaffiliate, inc.































