








milorganite fertilizer - for better results.




































































 


















x
what is milorganite?what is milorganite?why use milorganite?rates & schedulesafetyproductsfaqlawn carelawn carelawn care tipslawn spreader settingsseasonal lawn caremowing & maintenancegrasses seed & sodfertilizer basicsorganic lawn carecommon lawn diseasesgardeninggardeningusing milorganite in gardensfertilizer basicsmonthly gardening checklistflowersvegetables & fruittrees & shrubscontainer gardenzone mapgardening resourcesreviewsreviewssend your lawn photocustomer lawnsdeer reviewsblogabout us

  where to buy




































what is milorganite?why use milorganiterates and schedulesafetyproductsfaqlawn carelawn care tipslawn spreader settingsseasonal lawn caremowing and maintenancegrasses seed and sodfertilizer basicsorganic lawn carecommon lawn diseasesgardeningusing milorganite in gardensfertilizer basicsmonthly garden checklistflowersvegetables & fruittrees and shrubscontainer gardenzone mapgardening resourcesreviewssend your lawn photocustomer lawnsdeer reviewsblogmilorganite and your businessproduct informationfaqvideosgolf & athletic fieldslandscapingspreader settingsproduct informationtestimonialslibraryfaq




  where to buy











































milorganite® is a slow-release nitrogen fertilizer for your lawn and garden
what is milorganite?







photo credit | brian - annapolis, md

 


 when to fertilize
we recommend applying milorganite® every 8-10 weeks while the grass is growing or by the holiday schedule.
rates & schedule





 spreader settings
find spreader settings for multiple broadcast and drop spreaders and learn how to calibrate your spreader
spreader settings  |  calibration





 where to buy
find milorganite® at a store near you. we recommend calling your local store to check for availability.
find milorganite



 









 



winter
lawn care tips
follow these tips for a beautiful lawn to enjoy this winter.

uncover plants weighted down with heavy snow.
use deicing salts sparingly and keep them away from plants and lawn.
prune trees and shrubs in winter, on a dry and mild day

more winter tips








 


 
common
faqs




                    what is milorganite®?                



milorganite® is composed of heat-dried microbes that have digested the organic material in wastewater. it's manufactured by the milwaukee metropolitan sewerage district, which captures waste water from the metropolitan milwaukee area and uses naturally occurring microbes to digest the nutrients. after the organic matter has been consumed, the cleaned water is returned to lake michigan and the resulting material is dried and marketed as milorganite®.






                    is milorganite® safe?                



milorganite® complies with federal and state standards for the protection of public health and the environment. milorganite® can be used with confidence for all of your fertilizing needs, including lawns, trees, shrubs, flowers, and vegetables when used as directed. for more information visit our safety page.






                    what should i do if my dog ate milorganite®?                



first off, there’s no need to panic if your dog happens to eat milorganite® either off your lawn, garden or even directly out of the bag. it isn’t life-threatening or an emergency situation. your dog may experience discomfort and outcomes you would expect when a dog eats something they shouldn’t. we recommend contacting your veterinary for advice. we have a few pet safety tips to help deter your dog’s urge to taste-test milorganite®.





all faqs


our blog
helpful articles





 



why turning off your lights at night helps wildlife

feb 15, 2025, 5:15 am
from birds and insects to amphibians and mammals, many creatures rely on natural light cues to navigate the…





 



can you use milorganite as a winterizer lawn fertilizer?

nov 9, 2024, 5:30 am
learn about using milorganite as a winterizer lawn fertilizer in late fall for cool-season lawns for your last…





 










milorganite® reviews

share your milorganite lawn, garden, or landscape, and we'll send you a shirt, hat, or rain gauge. we appreciate your support!
 
write a review
 









 
we have lived in our home since 2016. i have been following allyn hane’s program since then and have been using milorganite generously. i love that it is organic, and i don’t have to worry about it harming my children and dogs. it is also great not having to worry about burning the lawn. my lawn greens up quicker than neighbors’ in the spring and i attribute it to healthier soil and grass from the organic products. i love that you guys are a wisconsin based company as well!



 
i have been using this product at all my properties since the beginning of my career and its hands down the #1 product.



 
i've had milorganite on hand for about 3 years. it's easy to apply and makes my lawn look great!



 
i was introduced to milorganite from social media group forums. it was there where i began incorporating milorganite into my lawn fertilization program. it has awesome results and continues to be a must have for my lawn care. i highly recommend milorganite to anyone who wants to have one of the best-looking yards in the neighborhood.



 
i recently moved 3 years ago and loved the house i bought but the yard was "an opportunity to improve our curb appeal." my last lawn was so lush and healthy using milorganite for years - it was jarring to start a project lawn again. same recipe with using milorganite during the growing season and a little dedication. neighbors frequently comment on my lawn, and i share with them my base foundation for success - lots of milorganite! thank you for such a great product. customer for life!



 
our family has enjoyed the stunning results of milorganite applied to our lawn, garden, trees, and shrubs starting fall 2019! we have cars stop to look at the house and it's landscaping- something we never experienced before switching to your program.



 
i love milo. no complaints. i apply every holiday starting with memorial day through labor day and i love the compliments i get from my neighbors.



 
i have used milo for years. i just moved into my new forever home and the journey starts again with hard carolina clay full of construction materials on closing. in 7 months, milo is already beginning to work its magic. i know it’s not a one stop miracle cure to bad soil, but it is a key ingredient.



 
i've been using milorganite since i built our home in 2016. i put milorganite on my morning oatmeal to supplement my nutrition as well as use milo as potpourri because i love the smell of success. all kidding aside, milo has done wonders for my kentucky bluegrass as well as asserted my dominance as a dad in the neighborhood. so many people ask what the formula to success is as they see my lawn and i tell them milo!



 
i diyed my lawn 3 years ago after i saw video on milorganite and started using it throwing it down.
























  for better results.


milorganite
260 w. seeboth st.
milwaukee, wi 53204










information
 where to buy
about us
contact us
accessibility


milorganite for
homeowners
retailers
professionals
 














© 2025 milorganite. all rights reserved. | privacy policy | cookie policy | site map


follow us on social media

                 























×














close

                      by using our website you are consenting to our use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy.
                    









