

 



















cedar valley breast care center - home














































 
slide1753 west ridgeway avenue, suite 104 waterloo, ia
319-833-6100 we take care of all your breast care needs, not just for breast cancer. 
we are the breast care center.  many women and men have breast issues that are not cancer, but still require an individual approach to their needs.
learn more 












home
about

our team
our mission
our reviews


services
how we work
home
faq
breast health
risk factors
contact
 










welcome






the breast care center has proudly served the cedar valley and surrounding areas since 2003. it was developed by dr douglas duven with input by community members. we were the first and still are, the only breast care center in the cedar valley with a surgeon designating 100% of his practice to breast care. dr jayson gesme took over the practice in late 2016. theresa borcherding, arnp has joined the breast care center, providing high risk assessments, risk reduction options and routine breast care follow-up.
breast cancer treatment is not one size fits all!! there are the different kinds of breast cancer, different grades (rates of growth), with varying characteristics. these will be explained by your surgeon and nurses. depending on your specific situation – surgery may be first, but sometimes medical oncology treatments are first (chemotherapy, hormone therapy), followed by surgery. radiation is used in some circumstances.
a primary care referral is not required, unless your specific insurance requires it.


read the recent news



we proudly support the beyond
pink team.





a program of the american society of
breast surgeons foundation.






before your visit
please fill out and bring these pre-registration forms to help reduce your waiting time at the office.


breast historymedical historyfamily historyconfidentiality


please bring your current insurance card(s) and photo id to your first appointment.





our location
1753 west ridgeway avenue, suite 104
waterloo, ia 50701
come in entrance #6
phone 319-833-6100
fax 319-833-6102
office hours
mon – wed 8:00am to 5:00pm
thurs 8:00am to 4:00pm
fri 8:00am to noon
we also offer appointments at the buchanan county health center on the first and third wednesday afternoons. call the above number to schedule an appt.









recent news





covid update
we want all our patients to know that cedar valley medical specialists takes covid-19 and the variant strains seriously. our clinics firmly believe in a “patient first”…
read more








beyond brca genetic testing
genetic testing has expanded greatly in the past few years.  brca1 & brca2 were the only genes tested for breast cancer in the past.  genetic…
read more








breast pain
breast pain, otherwise known as mastalgia or mastodynia, is a common, often distressing concern among many women. symptoms can range from mild to severe and…
read more








fearless after cancer
you readily see the physical changes caused by cancer, but what goes on in your mind is just as noteworthy. i am not sure exactly…
read more





see more news







get in touch


pay bill
patient portal


this form is for general inquiries only.  please do not send any personal medical information using this form.  if you need immediate assistance please call our office.


full nameemail*

phonemessagecaptcha
 


















visit us
1753 west ridgeway avenue, suite 104 waterloo, ia


call us
319-833-6100











stay up to date















home
about

our team
our mission
our reviews


services
how we work
home
faq
breast health
risk factors
contact
 





site by impact marketing
© 2025 copyright cedar valley breast care center.
1753 west ridgeway avenue, suite 104, waterloo, ia

privacy policy |
					non-discrimination |
					translation services | 
					advanced directives




































