












nicole tadgell art & illustration » nicole tadgell














































home
art

books
awards


bio
blog
contact
 





select page


  
 



 



 











nicole tadgell
art & illustration






?






exciting news!






ryan reynolds reads astronaut annie!
by nicole tadgell | jul 4, 2023 | books, children's lit, newsis that ryan reynold reading astronaut annie? yes, it is! on "bedtime stories with ryan" on fubo.




now available! we dream a world
by nicole tadgell | jun 30, 2023 | books, newsthe 15-year-old granddaughter of the rev. martin luther king jr. is collaborating on a picture book tribute to the late civil rights leader and his wife, coretta scott king. yolanda renee king’s “we dream a world,” with illustrations by award-winning artist nicole tadgell, will be published by scholastic next jan. 2.




leaves to my knees
by nicole tadgell | jul 27, 2022 | books, newscamille is determined to rake her own pile of leaves—all the way up to her knees! she swishes leaves to and fro, watching her pile grow bigger alongside the piles made by daddy and her little brother, jayden. whoosh! after raking leaves to the top of her boots, a...




new book: liberty’s civil rights road trip
by nicole tadgell | sep 13, 2021 | books, news, uncategorizedtime to board the bus! liberty and her friend abdullah, with their families and a diverse group of passengers, head off to their first stop: jackson, mississippi. next on their map are glendora, memphis, birmingham, montgomery, and finally selma, for a march across the iconic edmund pettus bridge.




i have a new website! and more exciting news!
by nicole tadgell | jul 1, 2019 | news, websiteover the past few months i’ve been working with a web developer, amy at juxxe development, to create a new website for my art and illustration.




astronaut annie blasts off!!
by nicole tadgell | may 4, 2019 | books, newsspace x launch happened this morning, may 4 at 2:48 am, carrying a copy of astronaut annie among many other items to the international space station!



« older entries










now available!









new book
we dream a world
from the associated pressnew york (ap) — the 15-year-old granddaughter of the rev. martin luther king jr. is collaborating on a picture book tribute to the late civil rights leader and his wife, coretta scott king. yolanda renee king’s “we dream a world,” with illustrations by award-winning artist nicole tadgell, will be published by scholastic next jan. 2.
“i’m excited to share this love letter in his honor. this book lets every child rediscover my grandparents’ dream,” yolanda renee king, herself a social justice advocate, said in a statement friday.
the book’s release date is timed shortly before what would have been martin luther king’s 95th birthday. he was assassinated in 1968, 40 years before his granddaughter was born.

buy now







keep in touch!receive updates about upcoming books, events, collections, and more right in your inbox!




success!



first name



last name



email





yes, sign me up!



















events
books
portfolio
biography
awards
blog
contact






represented by
the cat agency, inc.
publishers and art buyers should contact my agent: christy@catugeau.com





 











facebook




instagram


copyright © 2023 nicole tadgell. all rights reserved.designed with love by amy works 




























