







commercial pool construction | texas and oklahoma | sunbelt pools







































































skip to content





 
 






 
about us
projects
references
products & services
equipment
locations
 

 menu


about us
projects
references
products & services
equipment
locations
 






















about us
projects
references
products & services
equipment
locations








 









get in touch













 

over 30 years
specializing in
commercial pool
construction 



 









 read more 





 







completed projects 





 







30+ years experience 





 











 




the leader in commercial pool construction 





sunbelt pools has decades of experience and the expertise to match. with our creative construction and know-how, anything is possible! if you’re looking for raging rivers, crazy slides, or a pool complex that makes your community say “wow!” call on sunbelt pools. 




learn more about sunbelt 





 








at sunbelt, we specialize in creating epic commercial pool projects. our clients come to us with a vision of the amazing pool experiences they want to provide for their customers – and we bring those visions to life. with sunbelt, the options are limitless. in fact, we’re known for completing commercial pool projects that others thought to be impossible.whether you’re building a brand-new pool or renovating an existing space, our commitment to next-level customer service means taking the time to understand your vision, streamlining the process from start to finish, and ensuring the results exceed your expectations. with service throughout texas, oklahoma, and beyond, we are the premier choice for all your commercial pool construction needs. 









featured projects 




view our pool projects 





 








discover our gallery of incredible aquatic marvels. from new pools and waterparks to beautiful renovations, sunbelt pools delivers a project experience that is second to none – so you can provide the ultimate pool experience for your guests. 



















counsilman-hunsaker

camp barnabas
see project 








competition pool

jesuit college preparatory school
see project 








flowrider

epic waters
see project 








50 meter

arlington isd natatorium
see project 








competition diving

garland isd natatorium
see project 


 







about us 





since 1986, sunbelt pools has led the way in innovative pool technology, we provide construction, service, parts, equipment, and supplies, as well as a hands-on approach to surpassing the expectations of our clients. 




learn more about sunbelt 





 








from building the most beautiful commercial swimming pools to installing the latest in equipment technology and advancements, sunbelt is the leader in aquatic recreation. with unmatched craftsmanship, our decades of experience allow us to deliver products and services that feature unparalleled excellence.and with an array of high-quality products and offerings, you can enhance and maintain your aquatic facility with the latest innovations for private and institutional aquatic spaces. come discover more about the history and expertise of sunbelt pools. 




view our products and services 





 












featured posts 




go to blogs 





 








we provide new pool construction as well as renovations and complete makeovers. while we are geographically located in dallas, texas, we work throughout texas and the surrounding states. 








sunbelt pools offers a variety of services for your commercial swimming pool. from routine maintenance to specialized repairs, we’re here to help.  




learn more 





 








we know equipment rooms! from helping you pick the most energy efficient and best performing equipment for your new facility to performing repairs and upgrades for your existing one, we’ve got you covered.  




learn more 





 












please consider supporting camp barnabas. your support will make a meaningful difference in the lives of individuals with disabilities and chronic illness. 



camp barnabas gives people with special needs and chronic illnesses one of the best weeks of their lives! every camp session is uniquely designed so that each person can fully participate and have a blast, whatever their abilities or diagnosis. 




learn more about camp 





 










 






make donation













what our clients say about us 












catherine e. thomas 



award-winning commercial pool builders that have worked all over texas. matt and david could not have been nicer! really awesome displays of their pools all over the interior of the building!







joshua taylor 



if you want a pool built for the next eternity and it never to go anywhere even with heavy-duty equipment there are the guys they will make a pool and it will stay and there's no idea too crazy for them they can make anything a reality super friendly







allan schiebold 



really amazing staff and service. always has rare parts in stock. very helpful with assistance on rebuilding a pump.





 










are you ready to get started? 



whether you’re looking to get started on a new commercial pool project or need service for your existing one, click the button to connect with us, and we’d love to help. 





 

					contact us
					


 









sunbelt pools 



 


facebook
 



instagram
 



youtube
 






sunbelt specializes in creative commercial swimming pool construction and achieving impossible builds, and we are dedicated to providing the highest customer service. our projects span the range from waterparks to competitive lap pools and everything in between. besides new construction, we also do renovations and provide a full range of service and maintenance options for our commercial customers. we work with municipalities, universities, school districts, institutions, and private commercial pool owners. we’re located in dallas and serve the entire state of texas, other states in the south central us, and beyond.  



 

					reach out
					
				

 





about usprojectsequipmentproducts & servicesreferences 





projects 



 

municipal



 



 

private



 



 

competitive



 



 

country clubs



 



 

high rise



 



 

university



 



 

water parks



 



 

renovation



 






10555 plano rd | dallas, texas 75238 | 214-343-1133 | info@sunbeltpools.com ©2025 the get smart group. all rights reserved. 










trust your project with sunbelt pools 



our experience and expertise are unrivaled among commercial builders. 



to learn more about our company, the projects we build and the craftsmanship we’ve honed, contact us. we’d love to hear from you. 



 







								first name							




								last name							




								email							




								phone number							




								business name							




								area of interest							


 

area of interest 
commercial build
equipment service
chemical delivery





								message							
 

 

 




 
send my request
















































