


north fork trolley























north fork trolley




home

weddings
wine tours
charters
polar express
fleet
contact





			north fork trolley   
			253 edwards ave   
			calverton, ny 11933   
631.369.3031   

631.591.8644   


privacy policy   












 







the original, oldest and largest trolley company on long island!
					north fork trolley began operations in october of 2003, offering local sightseeing and wine tours on the north fork of long island.  since then, we have expanded to include specialized transportation for weddings, private wine tours, corporate/private charters and much more.  

					in 2013 we partnered with warner brothers to produce the polar express for children.  we are the only “bus” company in the united states to have that honor.  today thousands of moms, pops and kids enjoy the polar express each year.
					  
				












wine tours


you wine.   we drive.  what could be better?
north fork trolley now offers our discerning patrons new and distinctive wine tours.  
					one of north fork trolleys wine tours are sure to satisfy the wine connoisseur in everyone!
				

					all tours will depart from our calverton location (hampton jitney terminal 253 edwards ave. calverton, ny).  
					deluxe coach transportation is now available from manhattan via hampton jitney where you’ll then meet one of our trolleys for the three winery tour.  
					coach transportation will depart from select locations across manhattan so be sure to check locations and times!

				



wine tours return spring 2023






weddings








always unique.  always fun...
your wedding day will be one of the most memorable and important days of your life.   add a special touch to your wedding day with an old-fashioned trolley for a unique and charming form of transportation.  

							our trolleys are available year round and provide a festive air for your wedding party, guest shuttles, or rehearsals!  

							with north fork trolley, you and your guests will have one less thing to worry about.  

							looking to entertain your guests the day after your wedding?  ask us about arranging a private wine tour on the north fork of long island!

							  reserve today!


contact us









charters




					north fork trolley provides specialized transportation for weddings, private wine tours, corporate charters and much more.  our friendly and attentive staff is committed to providing our guests with a fun and safe experience.  
					as long island's largest and most established trolley service, we know what it takes to get you where you want to go, in style.  
					from basic pick up and drop off services to more complex assignments, north fork trolley is your number one choice for professional, courteous, unique transportation.


get a quote











our trolleys



the newest and most up to date fleet on the island.
classic polished oak wooden bench seating for 28 - 32 passengers.
year round availability- fully heated and air conditioned for your comfort.
fully glass enclosed for inclimate weather.
smoke free.  
state of the art 6 speaker sound system.
fully insured and licensed drivers.
handicapped accessible per your request.








contact

questions about our services?  please send us an email or contact us by phone at
					631.369.3031.































© 2025 north fork trolley all rights reserved.the polar express and all related characters and elements © & ™ warner bros. entertainment inc. 
















