


greek mythology























    
	greek mythology
	
  
greek gods, titans, and heroes, from aphrodite to zeus.




tuesday, october 09, 2007



	 we've moved
    


hello,we have moved to our new permenant domain; thelostinfo.com.please update your bookmarks. we will have new content, and images. you can now comment on articles and images, and search our database to find what you need more quickly.



posted by richard s. stites @ 1:39 pm  
        





monday, october 10, 2005



	 the olympian gods
    


there were a group of twelve ruling gods who ruled after the titans were overthrown.zeus, poseidon, hades, hestia, hera, ares, athena, apollo, aphrodite, hermes, artemis, hephaestuslater hestia gave her position of one of the ruling gods to dionysus because she became tired of the petty problems between the other gods.



posted by richard s. stites @ 9:37 pm  
        








	 other gods
    


there were many greek gods who were not part of the ruling counsil of mt. olympus.demeter, persephone, eros, hebe, eris, helios, thanatos, pan, nemesis, the graces, the muses, the furies, the fates



posted by richard s. stites @ 9:36 pm  
        








	 the titans
    


before the olympian gods there were the titans. the titans were overthrown by zeus before the creation of mankind.cronus, gaea, uranus, rhea, oceanus, tethys, hyperion, mnemosyne, themis, iapetus, coeus, phoebe, thea, prometheus, epimetheus, atlas, metis



posted by richard s. stites @ 9:29 pm  
        





saturday, april 02, 2005



	 perseus
    


greek mythologyheroname: persueshistory:there was a king named acrisius, and he had a daughter named danae.acrisius was told by the oracle of apollo that danae's son would killhim. to prevent his daughter from ever having children acrisiuslocked danae in a bronze tower.the tower was dark, and did not have any doors. thus danae did nothave any contact with the outside world and would never marry or haveany children. the tower did have a small window. one day zeusentered the tower through the window. he told danae that he wantedher to be his wife. zeus promised that if she became his wife hewould turn her prison into vast rolling fields as beautiful as anyever seen. danae accepted zeus' proposal.later acrisius noticed light coming from within the tower. he had awall torn down, and saw danae sitting with a baby on her lap. danaelooked at her father and told him that she had named the baby persues.acrisius was angry and locked danae and persues in a large chest andcast them out to sea.they floated to the island of seriphos where they were rescued bydictys. dictys was the king of seriphos' brother. perseus grew to bea strong young man, and protected his mother from the king ofseriphos, polydectes. polydectes wanted to take danae as his wife,but she refused.polydectes devised a plan to get rid of persues so he could havedanae. polydectes pretended to marry another woman. everyone on theisland was required to give him a wedding present, including perseus.unfortunately perseus did not have any money and was unable to bring agift. polydectes called perseus a lazy-good for nothing, whichenraged perseus. perseus then said he could get the king any gift inthe world. so polydectes told perseus to bring him the head of thegorgon medusa and perseus agreed.perseus wandered aimlessly for days searching for medusa. he realizedthat he was in trouble because the gorgons were monstrous creatures.instead of hair they had serpents on their head, they had brazenhands, and if you looked at one you would be turned to stone. justthen perseus was greeted by athena and hermes. hermes gave perseushis winged sandals and the sickle which cronos used to overpoweruranus. athena gave perseus a reflective shield to protect him frombeing turned to stone.hermes told perseus to find the graeae. he was to have them tell himhow to get to the nymphs of the north. perseus was to find the nymphsof the north and they would give him the cap of darkness, a magicwallet, and they would tell him where the gorgons' lair was.perseus found the graeae. they were three old women who all shared,and fought over, one eye. he stole the eye, and ransomed it forinformation. they reluctantly agreed and told him where the nymphs ofthe north were. perseus returned the eye and set out for the nymphsof the north.once he located the nymphs of the north they gave him the cap ofdarkness which allowed its user to turn invisible. they also gave himthe magic wallet, and told him where the gorgons' lair was.perseus located the lair, which was surrounded by statues that wereonce men. perseus saw medusa and her sisters asleep through thereflection in his shield. he flew down and cut off medusa's head withthe sickle. her sisters awoke and attacked perseus, but he was ableto escape without suffering any injury.on his way back to seriphus perseus came across atlas holding theworld upon his shoulders. perseus felt sorry for atlas and turned himto stone so he would no longer feel the weight of the world upon hisshoulders.he then saw a woman chained to a stone near the ocean. perseuscontacted her and she told him that her name was andromada. she toldhim that her mother had boasted that she was more beautiful thannereids. this angered poseidon so he said that she had to besacrificed to a sea monster. just as andromada told perseus her storya sea monster emerged from the sea. perseas showed medusa's head tothe sea monster and it turned to stone.perseus took andromada home and asked her father, king cepheus, ifthey could wed. he agreed and perseus took andromada with him. ontheir way they stopped at larisa so perseus could compete in somegames, but during the discuss competition perseus accidentally hit anold man in the stands and killed him. the old man was acrisius, andhis death fulfilled the prophecy. after they morned acrisius' deathandromada and perseus left.when they arrived at seriphus the first person they met was dictys.dictys told them that polydectes never truly married. he said thatsince perseus' mother refused to marry polydectes he forced her to behis hand-maiden. perseus was angry and left andromada with dictys.perseus stormed the castle and warned everybody who was his friend toshield their eyes. he then lifted medusa's head and turned polydectesand his courtiers into stone. perseus and andromada married and livedlong happy lives. their descendants became great kings, the greatestof which was heracles who was the strongest man in the world.in the end perseus was killed by dionysus, and he and andromada wereput into the sky as constellations.



posted by richard s. stites @ 5:44 am  
        





sunday, march 06, 2005



	 metis
    


greek mythologytitanname: metisdomain: the planet mercuryhistory:metis was seduced by zeus and became pregnant with athena. before metis gave birth, zeus devoured her because he feared prophecies that her second child would overthrow him. it was said that metis was the source of zeus' wisdom, and that she advised him from inside his stomach. athena later arose from zeus' forehead armed and in full armor. metis is not listed as athena's mother because she was killed before athena was born.



posted by richard s. stites @ 9:25 pm  
        








	 atlas
    


greek mythologytitanname: atlashistory:atlas was prometheus and epimetheus' brother. he was a son of iapetus. he did not fight with zeus to overthrow the titans with his brothers. atlas led the titans against zeus because of cronus' advanced age. when the titans were defeated by zeus, atlas was punished by being forced to hold the world on his back.



posted by richard s. stites @ 9:20 pm  
        








	 epimetheus
    


greek mythologytitanname: epimetheusdomain: the titan of afterthoughthistory:epimetheus was considered to be a stupid titan. his name meant afterthought. he was the brother of prometheus and atlas. he was the son of iapetus. he faught along side zeus with his brother prometheus when zeus overthrew the titans.  some of the greek myths stated epimetheus and prometheus created mankind under zeus' instruction. epimetheus also accepted pandora as a gift from zeus. pandora was ultimately responsible for releasing evil into the world.



posted by richard s. stites @ 9:14 pm  
        








	 prometheus
    


greek mythologytitanname: prometheusdomain: the titan of forethoughthistory:prometheus was the wisest of the titans. his name meant forethought, and he was able to see the future. he was epimetheus and atlas' brother.  he was the son of iapetus.when zeus rebelled against the titans, prometheus defected to fight along zeus' side. since prometheus fought with zeus he was spared the other titans' fate.some of the myths stated that prometheus and epimethus were ordered to create mankind by zeus. but it was know that prometheus was the protector of mankind. prometheus gave mankind several gifts, most notably he supplied them with fire.prometheus also tricked zeus into letting men keep the best parts of the animals that were sacrificed to the gods. because of this infidelity zeus had prometheus chained to a boulder. he had an eagle gnaw at his liver daily. since prometheus was an immortal titan, his liver would grow back every day, and he would not die.prometheus agreed to advise zeus which of his children would attempt to overthrow him in exchange for his freedom. but before he supplied zeus with the information he was rescued by hercules.



posted by richard s. stites @ 9:04 pm  
        








	 thea
    


greek mythologytitanname: theadomain: the titan from which light emanateshistory:thea was the titan from which light emanates, she was regarded as being very beautiful. thea was married to hyperion, and was the mother of helios, eos, and selene. they were the sun, dawn and the moon respectively.



posted by richard s. stites @ 9:01 pm  
        








	 phoebe
    


greek mythologytitanname: phoebehistory:phoebe was married to coeus.  she was the titan of the moon and was leto's mother.



posted by richard s. stites @ 9:00 pm  
        








	 coeus
    


greek mythologytitanname: coeusdomain: the titan of intelligencehistory:coeus was the titan of intelligence and leto's father.



posted by richard s. stites @ 8:58 pm  
        








	 iapetus
    


greek mythologytitanname: iapetushistory:iapetus was prometheus, epimethus, and atlas' father.



posted by richard s. stites @ 8:57 pm  
        








	 themis
    


greek mythologytitanname: themisdomain: the titan of justicehistory:themis was the titan of justice and order. themis was the fates mother. themis was often depicted as being blind-folded and holding a scale. hence the phrase "justice is blind".



posted by richard s. stites @ 8:54 pm  
        








	 mnemosyne
    


greek mythologytitanname: mnemosynedomain: the titan of memoryhistory:mnemosyne was the titan of memory.  she was the muses mother.  little more is known of mnemosyne.



posted by richard s. stites @ 8:52 pm  
        








	 hyperion
    


greek mythologytitanname: hyperiondomain: the titan of lighthistory:hyperion was the titan of light.  he was responsible for creating the sun, the moon, and the dawn.



posted by richard s. stites @ 8:51 pm  
        








	 tethys
    


greek mythologytitanname: tethysdomain: the rivers of earthhistory:tethys was the titan oceanus' wife. together with her husband she produced the rivers of earth. she was also the mother of the ocean nymphs.



posted by richard s. stites @ 8:49 pm  
        








	 oceanus
    


greek mythologytitanname: oceanusdomain: the oceans and rivershistory:oceanus was the water which covered the entire earth. he and his wife tethys were the parents of the ocean nymphs.



posted by richard s. stites @ 8:47 pm  
        








	 rhea
    


greek mythologytitanname: rheadomain: the wife of cronushistory:rhea was the wife of cronus and queen of the titans. cronus would devourer their children after conception. to save her their son zeus, rhea tricked cronus into eating a rock instead of zeus.



posted by richard s. stites @ 8:43 pm  
        








	 uranus
    


greek mythologytitanname: uranusdomain: the first ruler of the titans, the sky godhistory:uranus is the son of gaea. uranus did not have a father, he was created by gaea alone. uranus and gaea mated and produced the rest of the titans. uranus was the first ruler, and the sky god. his rule came to an end when cronus castrated him. cronus was encouraged to castrate uranus by gaea. it is unknown if uranus died from his injury or if he simply withdrew from earth.one account of aphrodite's conception stated she emerged from the spot in the ocean where uranus' flesh had fallen after the castration.



posted by richard s. stites @ 8:36 pm  
        








	 gaea
    


greek mythologytitanname: gaeadomain: earth goddesshistory:gaea was the earth goddess, or mother earth. she mated with her son uranus to produce the other titans. the worship of gaea predated greek mythology.



posted by richard s. stites @ 8:30 pm  
        





friday, march 04, 2005



	 cronus
    


greek mythologytitanname: cronushistory:cronus was the lord of the titans. he consumed his children to prevent them from overthrowing his rule. cronus' wife deceived him and allowed their son zeus to live. zeus later overthrew his father and the other titans who were lead by prometheus. cronus and the other titans were children of the goddess earth.



posted by richard s. stites @ 11:43 pm  
        








	 the fates
    


greek mythologygodsname: the fatesdomain: the goddesses of destinyhistory:the three fates; clotho, lachesis and atropos, decided the destiny of men. clotho would spin the thread of life. lachesis chose a mans lot in life, and measured how long it would be. atropos would cut the thread of life with her shears. the fates pre-date the gods. it was possible that they even chose the fate of the gods themselves.



posted by richard s. stites @ 11:16 pm  
        








	 the furies
    


greek mythologygodsname: the furiesdomain: gods who punished crimehistory:the furies; tisiphone, megaera and alecto, emerged from the blood of uranus when he was castrated. they relentlessly persued wrong-doers to death. they drove many of the wrong-doers to suicide.the furies were also known as the erinnyes.



posted by richard s. stites @ 11:10 pm  
        








	 the muses
    


greek mythologygodname: the musesdomain: goddesses of music and songhistory:the muses are the daughters of zeus and mnemosyne. there were nine muses. each muse had a specialty. clio was the muse of history, urania was the muse of astronomy, melpomene was the muse of tragedy, thalia was the muse of comedy, terpsichore was the muse of dance, calliope was the muse of epic poetry, erato was the muse of love poetry, polyhymnia was the muse of songs to the gods and euterpe was the muse of lyric poetry. their songs were known to bring joy to anybody who heard them.



posted by richard s. stites @ 11:05 pm  
        








	 the graces
    


greek mythologygodname: the gracesdomain: known for singing and dancing for the godshistory:the graces; aglaia, euphrosyne, and thalia, are the daughters of zeus and eurynome. they are the goddesses of splendor, mirth, and good cheer respectively. their primary purpose was to provide entertainment for the other gods by singing and dancing.



posted by richard s. stites @ 10:59 pm  
        








	 nemesis
    


greek mythologygodname: nemesisdomain: the god of divine vengeancehistory:nemesis was the greek god of divine vengeance. nemesis was a vigilante of sorts who avenged those who had been wronged.



posted by richard s. stites @ 10:55 pm  
        








	 pan
    


greek mythologygodname: pandomain: the greek god of goat-herds and shepherdshistory:pan was the son of hermes and penelope in some myths and the son of zeus and the nymph callisto in other myths. pan was the god of goat-herds and shepherds. in appearance pan is half goat and half man. the lower half of his body is that of a goat and the upper half is that of a man. he has goat horns and ears as well. he is playful and full of joy. pan has an excellent music ability, and plays the pipes.



posted by richard s. stites @ 10:30 pm  
        








	 thanatos
    


greek mythologygodname: thanatosdomain: god of deathhistory:thanatos was the greek god of death. or more accurately he was the personification of death. thanatos played little roll in the greek myths, he was overshadowed by hades the lord of the underworld.



posted by richard s. stites @ 10:28 pm  
        








	 helios
    


greek mythologygodname: heliosdomain: the greek god of the sunhistory:helios could be considered the personification of the sun. he was the sun of hyperion, but played little roll in the greek myths. helios was overshadowed by apollo who was the lord of the sun.



posted by richard s. stites @ 10:25 pm  
        








	 eris
    


greek mythologygodname: erisdomain: the goddess of discordhistory:eris was the daughter of zeus and hera. she was the goddess of discord, and would cause problems for gods and man alike. eris would often accompany her brother ares into battle. during those occasions she would be accompanied by her son strife.



posted by richard s. stites @ 10:20 pm  
        








	 hebe
    


greek mythologygodname: hebedomain: the goddess of youthhistory:hebe is the daughter of zeus and hera. hebe and ganymede were the cub-bearers to the gods. hebe was married to hercules.



posted by richard s. stites @ 10:17 pm  
        








	 eros
    


greek mythologygodname: erosdomain: the god of loveweapon: darts or arrowshistory:eros is the son of aphrodite. he is the god of love, but his primary domain was erotic, romantic, love. eros' arrows have been magically treated to either give his victim uncontrollable love or complete disdain. eros is often depicted as being blind, this was because love is often believed to be blind. in roman mythology eros is depicted as a young boy, and was called amor or cupid.



posted by richard s. stites @ 10:09 pm  
        








	 persephone
    


greek mythologygodname: persephonedomain: the goddess of springtime, the queen of the underworldhistory:persephone was the daughter of zeus and demeter. she was the goddess of springtime. one day hades abducted her and took her to the underworld to be his wife. a perpetual winter began because of demeter's sadness. eventually hades agreed to let persephone leave the underworld for six months out of every year, thus the creation of seasons.



posted by richard s. stites @ 10:03 pm  
        





saturday, february 26, 2005



	 hestia
    


greek mythologygoddessname: hestiadomain: the goddess of the hearth, home and familyhistory:hestia was zeus' sister. she was the virgin goddess of the hearth, home and the family. she did not have a distinct personality, and did not play any major role in the myths.



posted by richard s. stites @ 5:10 pm  
        








	 hermes
    


greek mythologygodname: hermesdomain: the messenger of the godsweapon: caduceus (a willow wand with entwined snakes), the helmet of darkness (a helmet that endowed its wearer with invisibility), and winged sandals (sandals that allowed their wearer to fly)history:hermes was the messenger of the gods. he also guided the souls of the dead to the underworld. hermes was a prankster and a genius from birth. hermes was the son of zeus and a mountain nymph. on his first day of life he created the lyre from a tortoise shell.he aided odysseus and persues on their respective quests.



posted by richard s. stites @ 3:43 am  
        








	 hera
    


greek mythologygoddessname: heradomain: queen of the olympianshistory:hera was the greek god of marriage. she was also the queen of the greek gods. hera hated the greek hero hercules. hercules was the son of zeus and a mortal woman. hera attempted to kill hercules on several occasions. in contrast, hera assisted jason with his quest to retrieve the golden fleece.the worship of hera may be much older than her role in greek mythology. it has been written that some of the first deities were female, and that worship of hera or a similar god stretched back to before written word.



posted by richard s. stites @ 3:35 am  
        








	 hephaestus
    


greek mythologygodname: hephaestusdomain: the blacksmith of the godshistory:hephaestus was the lame god of the blacksmiths. he was the son of zeus and hera. he was an ugly god so his mother hera threw him from mount olympus causing him to go lame. there is another account that stated he intervened when zeus and hera were arguing and zeus threw him from mount olympus.hephaestus created many remarkable things. he created the buildings atop mount olympus and also created the armor worn by achilles during the trojan war.zeus commanded hephaestus to create the first woman, pandora. pandora married epimetheus, which led to the myth of pandora's box releasing all pain and disease into the world.



posted by richard s. stites @ 3:25 am  
        








	 dionysus
    


greek mythologygodname: dionysusdomain: the greek god of winehistory:dionysus was the greek god of wine. dionysus was the son of zeus and the mortal semele. dionysus saved his mother from the underworld after she had been killed by zeus. he also endowed midas with the power to turn anything he touched into gold.



posted by richard s. stites @ 3:16 am  
        








	 demeter
    


greek mythologygoddessname: demeterdomain: agriculturehistory:demeter was the greek goddess of agriculture. she was zeus' sister and the mother of persephone. persephone was taken to the underworld by hades to be her queen. demeter became distraught looking for her daughter, and the crops of the land began to die. an indefinite winter began. hades was persuaded to return persephone to demeter for half the year. whenever persephone is with her mother it is spring and summer, whenever she is with hades it becomes fall and winter.



posted by richard s. stites @ 2:05 am  
        








	 athena
    


greek mythologygoddessname: athenadomain: athens, the greek goddess of wisdomweapon: sword and shieldhistory:athena is the greek goddess of the crafts and arts. she was the patron goddess of athens. athena later became the greek god of wisdom.zeus was once married to metis. it was prophesied that a son born to metis would overthrow zeus as he had overthrown cronus. to prevent that from happening zeus devoured metis. eventually zeus began to have excruciating headaches. he summoned hephaestus to assist. hephaestus struck zeus' forehead with an ax, and athena emerged in full armor.athena assisted several heroes in their endeavors such as perseus, jason, odysseus, and hercules.



posted by richard s. stites @ 1:58 am  
        








	 artemis
    


greek mythologygoddessname: artemisdomain: the virgin goddess of the huntweapon: bow and arrowhistory:artemis was the virgin greek goddess of the hunt. artemis assisted women with childbirth, which was ironic due to the fact that she was a virgin goddess. in some variations of the myths it is said that artemis' mother was pregnant with her and apollo. it is said that artemis was born first and helped her mother deliver apollo. artemis' arrows also dealt sudden death.artemis and apollo were zeus and leto's children. apollo was jealous of artemis' relationship with orion so he challenged her to an archery competition. apollo had artemis hit a target floating far out to see. of course artemis' aim was perfect and she hit the object which turned out to be orion's head.



posted by richard s. stites @ 1:00 am  
        








	 ares
    


greek mythologygodname: aresdomain: the greek god of warweapon: blood-soaked spearhistory:although ares is an immortal, he had been bested by mortal heroes on several occasions. hercules defeated him in combat. he was also almost killed when two giants stuffed him into a jar. ares was also injured by another hero during the trojan war.ares is often seen carrying a blood-soaked spear. it is said that his throne on mt. olympus is upholstered with human skin.



posted by richard s. stites @ 12:51 am  
        








	 apollo
    


greek mythologygodname: apollodomain: the god of prophecyweapon: bow and arrowhistory:apollo was the greek god of prophecy, healing and music.during the trojan war he helped paris obtain revenge on the hero achilles by helping paris slay achilles with an arrow.apollo was the greek god of music, and was often seen playing the lyre. he did not invent the lyre. he was given the lyre by hermes. some say that apollo created the lute, but he was far more proficient with the lyre. during a music competition apollo competed against pan. king midus said he preferred pan's music even though apollo had won the competition. in retaliation apollo made king midus' ears resemble those of a donkey.



posted by richard s. stites @ 12:47 am  
        








	 aphrodite
    


greek mythologygoddessname: aphroditedomain: goddess of love, beauty and fertilityhistory:aphrodite was the greek goddess of love, beausty and fertility. she also protected sailors. according to homer, aphrodite was the daughter of zeus and dione. according to the poet hesoid, she was born of sea foam.the trojan prince paris was asked to judge who was the most beautiful goddess. hera and athena attempted to bribe him with power and vitory in battle, but aphrodite bribed him with the love of the most beautiful woman in the world. she gave him the love of helen of sparta, who after paris and helen eloped became helen of troy. this caused the trojan war. aphrodite involved herself with the affairs of mortal man on several other occasions. she helped jason retrieve the golden fleece from the king of colchis by having the king's daughter fall in love with jason. aphrodite was married to hephaestus, but she was unfaithful to him with ares the greek god of war. 



posted by richard s. stites @ 12:16 am  
        








	 hades
    


greek mythologygodname: hadesdomain: the underworldhistory:after the titans were overthrown by the olympian gods, zeus, poseidon, and hades divided all of creation. hades became the greek god of the underworld. hades was a greedy god, and refused to let any of his subjects leave his domain. the gates to the underworld were gaurded by hades' three headed dog cerberus.



posted by richard s. stites @ 12:01 am  
        





friday, february 25, 2005



	 poseidon
    


greek mythologygodname: poseidondomain: all waterweapon: tridenthistory:poseidon was the greek god of the sea, and all water. after the overthrow of the titans, zeus, poseidon, and hades divided the known world between each other. poseidon was granted dominion over all water. poseidon married a sea nymph named amphitrite. he had the ability to change his shape into that of a horse when he felt it was necessary.poseidon had disputes with several greek heroes. odysseus refused to pay homage to poseidon after the win of the trojan war, and later blinded poseidon's son the cyclops polyphemus. because of odysseus' actions poseidon greatly delayed his return home, and helped caused great peril to his journey home.also poseidon gave king minos a bull from the sea which proved his divine right to rule crete. king minos was to sacrifice the bull, but changed his mind and kept the bull. out of spite poseidon and aphrodite caused king minos' wife pasiphae to fall in love with the bull. the result was the half-man, half-bull monster called the minotaur.



posted by richard s. stites @ 11:52 pm  
        








	 zeus
    


greek mythologygodname: zeusdomain: ruler of the greek gods.weapon: a lightning bolt.history:in greek mythology zeus was the son of the titan cronus. cronus devoured his children because it was prophesied that one of his children would overthrow his rule. zeus survived because his mother tricked cronus. zeus grew up and overthrew the titans. zeus, poseidon, and hades drew lots to see who would control each domain. zeus won the honor of becoming the supreme lord of the greek gods.zeus' wife was hera. she was not interested in him originally, but he tricked her, then took advantage of her. hera did not want to let it be known that zeus had disgraced her so she agreed to marry him. zeus was famous for his many affairs which produced offspring such as hercules.



posted by richard s. stites @ 9:56 pm  
        













links

olypian gods
other gods
titans
heroes of gaming: blog
heroesofgaming.comvideo game news

previous posts

we've moved
the olympian gods
other gods
the titans
perseus
metis
atlas
epimetheus
prometheus
thea

archives

february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
october 2005
october 2007














  
feel free to use any information listed on this site for any personal use such as term papers, research papers, college essays or school essays.

copywright 2005 richard s. stites, all rights reserved.  go greek mythology's main page.









