














the woodstock inn on the millstream: hudson valley ny bed and breakfast
















































woodstock, ny



845.679.8211
check availability

 




menu


main menu
skip to image rotation. please use up and down arrow keys to navigate between images.
skip to primary content
skip to secondary content
accommodations

cottages

view all cottages
brookside bungalow
corner cottage
hillcrest house


deluxe rooms

view all deluxe rooms
room 11
room 12
room 14
room 15
room 16
room 17
room 18
room 8a


standard rooms
the alcove
room comparison / rates / amenities
policies
check availability
book now
gift certificates


the inn

covid-19 updates
about the inn
breakfast
map of grounds
photo gallery
history
specials & packages
gift certificates
read our blog


explore the area

the arts

overview
music
galleries
literature
film & theater
festivals & events


the great outdoors

overview
hiking
biking
skiing
kayaking & canoeing
fishing


food and drink

overview
favorite restaurants
breweries & wineries


mind, body, soul

overview
yoga centers
spas
spiritual centers


attractions map


find us

map
driving directions
contact us


logo
 








make a reservation book now










#1 hotel on tripadvisor – woodstock, ny
welcome to the woodstock inn on the millstream in the hudson valley, where nature meets comfort and creates a perfect getaway. our comfortable, well-appointed rooms are rejuvenating for guests of all ages, while the property’s cascading millstream and lush gardens create a natural sanctuary. whether your vacation plans include adventure hiking, learning about the arts or simply enjoying quiet, natural beauty, we are excited to welcome you to our unique inn. think bed and breakfast friendliness meets boutique hotel amenities.
we are located just a short walk from the village center of woodstock, ny – america’s most famous small town. with 19 individual rooms and suites, plus three cottages, we offer a variety of lodging options, perfect for everything from overnight business accommodations to couple getaways, friend get-togethers or weeklong family vacations. our rooms are always fresh, clean, include superior beds and linens, luxury toiletries and free wi-fi. with advance notice, we can arrange for month-long stays at our stand-alone cottages.
our local innkeepers are always available to personalize your booking experience and offer an insider’s perspective to the exciting and beautiful hudson valley.
the area’s galleries, shopping, hiking, concerts and many local, authentic dining options define the woodstock community and make us a top destination for visitors from all over the globe. in woodstock, small-town charm is elevated by eclectic sophistication, making us a destination for true adventure seekers, culturally rich artists and over-extended city-dwellers who need a getaway. but be forewarned: even our most ambitious guests are often lulled into the magic of spending an afternoon relaxing by the stream, enjoying our exquisite gardens or swaying in a hammock under the shade of our towering trees.
let your stay reflect your style. all guests at our four-season getaway will enjoy our welcoming ambiance and peaceful paradise, where we offer privacy with a personal touch. come visit and experience the spirit of woodstock new york, and enjoy the natural beauty of our little piece of paradise!















photo gallery


  from seeing room interiors to our lovely gardens and the stream through the seasons, our photo gallery offers a brief snapshot of some of the beauty you’ll encounter during your stay. take a peek inside.

details




explore woodstock


whether you’re seeking an invigorating hiking experience or intellectual lectures come see why america’s most famous small town has earned a “must visit” designation for all ages by national geographic.

details




our amenities


we embrace quality throughout the inn. from high-end aveda toiletries to crisp linens and plush beach towels for swimming we strive to meet - and anticipate - each guest’s needs so you can focus on relaxing.

details




 from the innkeeper
dear friends,
the resounding dependability of nature is so refreshing. watching the seasons change – the colorful leaves fall, the opened view of the afternoon sky amid winding tree limbs – is so comforting.
as we enter into our winter months, the pace slows down. people linger, eager to connect with the loved ones they’re traveling with, or even with newly-discovered friends. in woodstock’s restaurants and stores the owners and employees have the time to chat with visitors in a way that just can’t happen during the hustle and bustle of peak travel time. these interactions enhance everyone’s travel experience and make truly memorable travel moments.
our guests who opt for fireplace rooms seem eager to return in from the cool nights, snuggle up and relish the peace found in the quiet and calm of enjoying a home away from home.
we hope you’ll come join us to create some special memories this season. we look forward to seeing you.
peace – the innkeepers
ps – don’t be disappointed! our weekends (yes even in winter) are really filling up, so consider a midweek get away. also, call or text us if you can’t book your desired dates – 845-663-8152. we’re here to help make your vacation plans a reality.






connect with us: 






recent posts


how to make the holidays special in woodstock: 
			while some folks dread the start of winter, in woodstock, ny the seasonal change marks the start of fabulous festivities, when the community comes together…		

enjoy woodstock’s best summer experiences: 
			the catskills have been a summer retreat since people have been enjoying cool days and star-filled nights. while air conditioning has eased the need to…		

eclipse viewing in woodstock offers fresh perspective: 
			spring is its own magical season in woodstock. one day flowers are arching skyward, and the next they’re being pelted with cold rain. but this…		


sign up for newsletters and important updates.
enter your email: *select list(s) to subscribe towebsite - 11/13/19 added to site example: yes, i would like to receive emails from the woodstock inn on the millstream. (you can unsubscribe anytime)constant contact use. please leave this field blank.by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: . you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the safeunsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. emails are serviced by constant contact 





the woodstock inn on the millstream
48 tannery brook rd
                woodstock, ny 12498
https://www.woodstock-inn-ny.com

latitude: 42.037318 longitude: -74.121228
phone: 845.679.8211
toll-free: 800.420.4707
 info@woodstock-inn-ny.com
responsive web design, marketing and hosting by acorn marketing
© 2022 the woodstock inn on the millstream, inc.
				content by theresa keegan
  professional photography by
                                            jumping rocks photography

and 
                                            j.neal photography


accessibility statementview our site map





 
 
ready to relax – and save with a weekday stay? 
stay in deluxe room 15 for one weekday night in february and enjoy 50% off the second weekday night. use promo code relax when booking online, or call/text us directly at 845-663-8152.
(holidays excluded) 
sign up for newsletters and important updates.
enter your email: *select list(s) to subscribe towebsite - 11/13/19 added to site example: yes, i would like to receive emails from the woodstock inn on the millstream. (you can unsubscribe anytime)constant contact use. please leave this field blank.by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: . you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the safeunsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. emails are serviced by constant contact













