

militaryspot.com! spot report military blog

























militaryspot.com!  
 home  
          |  search  
          | 
          

discounts  
          |   
personals  
          | 
          
military loans 
           | 
          

classifieds




























































 

our links
militaryspot.com
military classifieds
military-forums.net
military photos
military reviews
military loans
va loans
go-shop.biz 
contact us













 
    contributors





tow gunner (tom)
    web site: militaryspot.com
    blog posts: interesting military stuff, illegal immigration, preparedness 
    issues. 



be a blogger!
we are searching for individuals with a unique military perspective to 
    contribute to this blog. contact 
    us




























 












                interesting military news and information from around the world











wednesday, august 16, 2006





posted by chris @  
8/16/2006 08:30:00 pm





 



harley-davidson 2007 motorcycles honor military service

patriot special edition models available to u.s. armed forces personnelmilwaukee (august 11, 2006) - american military personnel and veterans know well the extraordinary sacrifice required to serve their country and protect freedom around the world. it is a level of dedication and commitment that cannot be taken for granted and is greatly respected by harley-davidson.harley-davidson will provide those who have served their country the chance to customize their motorcycle with details honoring their military service with the 2007 patriot special edition program. these specially-decorated models will be sold only to active u.s. military service men and women, veterans and immediate family members of both those categories."harley-davidson is proud of the unique bond and heritage we have with the military going as far back as 1916," said jim mccaslin, president and chief operating officer, harley-davidson motor company. "the patriot special edition is simply a way to help honor those who have served. these are special motorcycles for very special members of the harley-davidson family."the patriot special edition program will be available on 12 different 2007 harley-davidson models (see list below) that can be customized to one of these participating military branches: u.s. air force, u.s. army, u.s. coast guard, u.s. marine corps and u.s. navy.patriot special edition participating motorcycles:flhtcu ultra classic electra glideflhrc road king classicflhx street glidefxdc dyna super glide customfxdwg dyna wide glideflstc heritage softail classicflstf fat boyflstc softail customxl1200c sportster 1200 customxl1200l sportster 1200 lowxl883c sportster 883 customvrscaw v-rodsidecarthese vivid black motorcycles will be accented with red and blue pin striping and the standard u.s. flag, consistent with all military uniform symbols, on the fender. the patriot special edition motorcycles will feature a branch-specific fuel tank badge installed at the dealership. customers will receive a personal letter of appreciation and special-edition harley-davidson challenge coin made by the franklin mint. challenge coins are a unique and time-honored tradition in the military.customers will need to provide proof of military service (veterans[1] will need their dd form 214, active military discharge document) to qualify for purchase. eligible military service includes active duty personnel (including national guard and reserves), veterans and immediate family members of both of those categories.harley-davidson military highlights include:an estimated 20,000 motorcycles, most of them harley-davidsons, took part in world war i. corporal roy holtz of chippewa falls, wisc., was photographed as the first american riding into germany after the signing of the armistice in 1918.during world war ii, harley-davidson produced approximately 90,000 wl military models used on virtually every front, and the company received the army-navy "e" awards for excellence in wartime production.many harley-davidson customers and dealers are military veterans, and it is estimated that about 14 percent of harley-davidson u.s. employees are veterans. the company has supported community events such as the rolling thunder ride to the vietnam veteran's memorial in washington, d.c., and the vietnam veteran's memorial and world war ii memorial.check out harley-davidson.com's patriot special edition page for additional imagery and details on this line-up of specially-decorated models.[1] a veteran is a person who served in the active military, naval or air service and who was discharged under conditions other than dishonorable.




      23 comments









tuesday, may 09, 2006





posted by chris @  
5/09/2006 02:28:00 pm





 



30-year anniversary - baseball player saves american flag

it has been 30-years (april 25, 1976) since former united states marine and then-chicago cubs outfielder rick monday saved the american flag from being burned by two protestors at dodger stadium... a moment that was named one of the top 100 classic moments in baseball history by the national baseball hall of fame committee.see the video:http://mfile.akamai.com/10869/wmv/mlb.download.akamai.com/10869/library/open/features/monday_flag_350.wmvmilitary - it's your turn to share your thoughtsit need not matter if you were a baseball fan or not. for what transpired on the afternoon of april 25, 1976 at los angeles' dodger stadium was a moment that united americans throughout the country.at a time when the united states of america was celebrating its bicentennial, two protestors jumped onto the field and attempted to use the dodger stadium outfield as a political stage in which to burn the american flag.with a lighter fluid and matches in hand, the protestors unfurled the flag and lit a match. the wind blew out the first match. as they tried to strike a second match, united states marine veteran rick monday, then the centerfielder for the visiting chicago cubs (and current dodger broadcaster), raced from his position, grabbed the flag and continued sprinting to the infield where he handed it over to dodger pitcher doug rau.this moment and the symbol it represented - freedom, history and those who have lost their lives in battle to save old glory - had countless americans talking; from baseball fans to everyday american citizens.it is ranked as one of the top 100 classic moments in baseball history by the national baseball hall of fame committee and third on sporting news' list as the most 'unusual' moment to occur on a major league baseball field.to commemorate the 30th anniversary of this event, it's your turn to express what that moment meant to you.were you a baseball fan attending this game in los angeles? or, were you, your children or friends in the military - or a veteran of the armed forces - when this occurred?a special book is being written about this moment and the impact it had on american society in a more innocent time. what went through your mind when you heard or saw this flag-burning incident? did it have a special effect, or trigger a special event, for someone you know? regardless of the scenario, your comments are welcomed.feel free to share your thoughts in 500 words or less, and photos (if you were at the game or you are a veteran), and send them to mvpsportscorp@aol.com or mvpsports, 505 beachland blvd., ste. 1-220, vero beach, fl 32963. please include your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address.by sharing your thoughts and photos (sorry, items can not be returned), you give the writer permission to print your name and material. all entries are subject to edit.




      2 comments









tuesday, april 04, 2006





posted by chris @  
4/04/2006 01:20:00 pm





 



video of iran's new high-speed torpedo

see:missile a warning to the west 




      0 comments









thursday, february 09, 2006





posted by chris @  
2/09/2006 06:41:00 pm





 



guests of the ayatollah

here's a heads up on a brilliant and riveting new book set for public release in april 2006:mark bowden, the author of black hawk down, has spent the last five years reconstructing the iranian hostage crisis of 1979-80 for his new book guests of the ayatollah.i have been fortunate enough to receive an uncorrected proof of the book, courtesy of the publisher.i was in high school when the hostage crisis unfolded. already, i was a staunch conservative, and listening to jimmy carter for more than a couple of minutes was unbearable. underneath his words, and behind his smile, was a flawed world view based on misguided compassion, compromise and meekness/weakness. i wondered in disbelief why carter didn't declare war on iran. to his credit, or discredit, carter did authorize a clandestine military operation to free the hostages, which is detailed in the book. unfortunately, this situation called for overt american military might, not covert military finesse.the crisis had a big impact on my life, as it did for many americans. after high school i joined the marine corps infantry hoping to find a fight in the middle east.the crisis touched many americans, and for this reason, this book will touch many americans. as the book jacket states: "the iran hostage crisis was a watershed moment in american history. it was america's first showdown with islamic fundamentalism, a confrontation at the forefront of american policy to this day. it was also a powerful dramatic story that captivated the american people, launched yellow-ribbon campaigns, made celebrities of the hostage's families, and crippled the reelection campaign of president jimmy carter."bowden's book is a definitive and exhaustive account of the hostage crisis. (the uncorrected proof is 642 pages.) though remarkably detailed, the book is interesting and suspenseful throughout. you'll want to read the book, not only for gaining a greater understanding of what happened then, but to gain insight into what is happening now as the captors have come of age and are now threatening the world in terrifying new ways.by the way, a movie based on the book is rumored to be in the works!




      2 comments









saturday, february 04, 2006





posted by chris @  
2/04/2006 04:46:00 pm





 



cool music video - 'fight for freedom' by chase

check out this cool music video featuring our troops and music by the band chase (pictured above)!see the video at:http://www.chaserock.com/videos/fff.htm




      0 comments










posted by chris @  
2/04/2006 04:26:00 pm





 



photos, video of kc-130 firing flares

over iraq: a kc-130 "hercules" assigned to marine aerial refueler-transport squadron two thirty four (vmgr-234) fires flares used to counter attack surface to air missiles.see photos:http://chamorrobible.org/gpw/gpw-20051111-english.htmsee video:http://www.archive.org/details/herc_salvo2




      2 comments









wednesday, february 01, 2006





posted by chris @  
2/01/2006 03:24:00 pm





 



militaryspot.com salutes rakkasan's red knights

thanks to captain amy a. bishop (captain, team bravo leader, 133rd mobile public affairs detachment, tikrit, iraq "rakkasans") for the below information. keep up the good work! - the militaryspot.com teamred knights assist iraqi forces to reestablish security and a productive governmentby spc waine d. haley, 133rd mobile public affairs detachmenttikrit, iraq (january 28, 2006) - people helping people is the way the rakkasan's red knights are bringing the tikrit region back to peace and stability.the 3rd battalion, 320th field artillery regiment, 3rd brigade combat team, 101st airborne division, the battalion known as the red knights, is working with the iraqi people to build a government that will bring peace and safety to their area."we're tasked to partner with iraqi security forces and to fight the counter insurgency," said lt. col. richard d. root, commander for the 3/320th field artillery regiment, "we are here to reestablish the security and a productive government to the salah ad din province and tikrit."the goal is to have the local government provide their own security and infrastructure to their population. coalition forces are doing this in a number of different ways.the security aspect is being accomplished with training and support for the iraqi army, iraqi police and the 9th strategic infrastructure battalion."the iraqi army is ready to assume a battle space." said root, "we have taken them through the validation process. we have gone through all the critical gates we have to go through. they perform well; they get better each and every time."this is a recommendation that the 3/320th commander is scheduled to make to his chain of command this week.according to root, this is the year of the iraqi police. there are 21 ip stations in tikrit. the red knights will be working with them and building partnerships by providing assistance and training.the 9th sib performs a key roll in providing the area infrastructure security. they protect the electrical power lines and the oil pipe lines."the counter insurgency fight requires subtasks and partnerships." said root, "without their [ia, 9th sib, ip] commitment to fight counter-insurgency, coalition forces would not be successful. we provide a lot of enablers to those elements to help them accomplish that mission. they are in the lead almost 100 percent of the time."while fighting anti-iraqi forces is the first and foremost task for the 3/320th, the primary focus for root is building working relationships with the government. he is working with the governor, city council, the mayor and all individual city municipalities.root has built upon relationships that the 445th civil affairs battalion started in operation iraqi freedom i."the civil affairs team has been here about six months so they have a relationship already established." said root, "i'm focusing my energy as battalion commander to reaffirm those relationships to continue forward progress."key issues range from infrastructure problems, such as electricity and water, to making sure the government officials prioritize their budget dollars."we are trying to coach them and mentor them into taking ownership of areas, making it better for all of tikrit." said root, "not to be tribally focused or focused on their constituents. they need to prioritize their limited budget. their priority needs to be the projects that will make the greatest impact on the whole area."the coalition forces are working with the iraqis on a daily basis. they are giving the iraqi leaders a hand up, not a hand out. with the decrease of casualties and damage of property, the area is showing a progressive move towards stability."we are doing a great work here, we are taking it to the enemy, we are fighting the counter insurgency fight and we are doing this with our iraqi brothers." said root, "we are working hand in hand with the key leaders of the community. they are making progress everyday and everyday they are taking charge. they are setting their future."




      0 comments









friday, january 13, 2006





posted by chris @  
1/13/2006 02:49:00 pm





 



terrorists among us?

image: see improvised explosive cell phone - up closeback on december 26, 2005 there was a very interesting post in our military forums about individuals buying cell phones in bulk and shipping them to the middle east. the person who posted the information goes by the screen name "the bogert." here's what he had to say:"howdy all, don't get to post all that often but i have recently had something come up in my life. to fill you in, i've worked for best buy 4 years now and will be leaving to boot camp in a just over a week. lately there have been individuals attempting to buy bulk amounts of virgin mobile phones which are no contracts and shipping them over to the middle east, the fbi is looking into this for it is against "title 50 of us code 2401" export of us goods to foreign soil. this individuals have tried to buy up to 2000 phones in deferent areas, so they come into my store to try and buy these phones two day's in a row. on the first day we limit how many they can buy and write down all there info on who they are, and fax it in just how we're supposed to do. the 2nd day we deny them the phones all together. two coworkers of mine start calling me racist for not letting them buy the phones and think i shouldnt care if there sending them over seas or not, they just think i should stay out of it. i told him that there are troops getting killed because of phones used in ied's will be my problem in a few month's and if i lose a leg or worse and find a piece of virgin mobile phone stuck in me i'll be alittle pissed off."on january 13th, 2006, similar stories started hitting the media:newsmax: "on december 18, six individuals of middle eastern origin, including one from iraq and another from pakistan, attempted to buy approximately 60 disposable phones at a wal-mart in midland, texas."abc 13: "in one new year's eve transaction at a target store in hemet, calif., 150 disposable tracfones were purchased. suspicious store employees notified police, who called in the fbi, law enforcement sources said... other reports have come in from other cities, including dallas, and from authorities in other states. authorities in pennsylvania, new york and other parts of texas confirmed that they were alerted to the cases, and sources say other jurisdictions were also notified."these purchases may be happening all over the united states ("the bogert" hails from a northern u.s. state not mentioned above).two other possibly related news items come to mind. first, the fbi is said to be quietly investigating reports that some of the automobiles used in car bombings in iraq originated in the u.s. second, there have been recent reports that criminals in the u.s. are converting drug money, etc. into prepaid cards that are shipped overseas to be sold for cash, thereby circumventing efforts by the u.s. to track suspicious financial transfers to overseas destinations.if the people involved in some of these transactions are connected to terrorism, how long before zarqawi gets his wish of striking mainland america?




      1 comments










 
      archives




05/2005 /

    06/2005 /

    07/2005 /

    08/2005 /

    09/2005 /

    10/2005 /

    11/2005 /

    12/2005 /

    01/2006 /

    02/2006 /

    04/2006 /

    05/2006 /

    08/2006 /




description: 
      spot report military blog
keywords: military, blog, air force, army, marines, navy, coast guard, military 
      news, military blog, war blog, blogger, blogspot, xml, atom, news feed



  




