




folkwolf.net



























skip to primary navigation
skip to content
skip to footer








          folkwolf.net
          musings


webmail

terminator

old posts


toggle menu












matt rose

your humble narrator



follow


 ottawa, ontario, canada

email
website
twitter
facebook
github
mastodon







welcome to folkwolf.net
folkwolf.net has been my home on the internet since 1998.  it's had a webserver and email server on it since 1999, and it's had a blog since 2003.




recent posts




minecraft really is a game for all ages


this video is a lovely meditation by a 49 year old minecraft player.  she details why she still plays minecraft and still loves it, and plans on playing it u...





new terminator release: v2.1.4


this release is the result of a year’s worth of small bugfixes and features from a vast array of contributors.  go to the releases page to see all the fixes ...





a cute little ditty i heard today


titled “two days into college” it’s pretty much what it says on the tin.






webmail fixed


i fixed an error that started showing up where emails could not be sent through https://folkwolf.net/webmail/  for those few that are using it.






a search ended after 30 years


in the early 90s, on the cbc one night, i heard a hip song that the cbc had in their vault.   they had recorded a hip show at a club in la.  it was one of go...





the 21st century nikola tesla


the youtube channel veritasium has a fascinating little documentary on the engineer shuji nakamura, who, during the early 90s, invented the blue led, a task ...





how boeing lost its way


interesting video on the causes of all the problems at boeing.  it’s
a very holistic view, and gets down to the root cause of all the
problems over the past ...





tracy chapman rides again


three things make me stupendously happy watching this video:






institucionalizado


an awesome spanish translation of institutionalized by the “suicidal tendencies.  a punk classic reborn.






very young peter capaldi


i’ve been watching the peter capaldi seasons of doctor who in the past few months, and become a little obsessed with glasgow in the 80s since i started.  so ...





previous
1
2
3
4
next











follow:
 feed


© 2025 matt rose. powered by jekyll & minimal mistakes.





