










home - greater brighton area chamber of commerce






















































  
























skip to content




























menu 
about us about about us board of directors staff ambassadors pphh chamber whitmore lake chamber lyon area chamber chamber groups rising professionals referral network groups women’s business network of michiganmembership join the chamber ribbon cutting member to member discounts member loginsponsorship chamber guides brighton chamber podcastevents chamber festivals chamber events member events farmers marketcommunity business directory hot deals! downtown brighton shop + dine community calendar explore leadership livingstoneconomic development our partners future builders non-profitmarketing marketing & sponsorship marketing mashup networking:  8:01 – 12:01 – 5:01 professional services share news





















 
login810.227.5086chamber guidesdirectory











facebook icon





instagram icon





linkedin icon

































follow us on social media or search news to her about all the exciting things happening at the gbacoc. 

click on the chamber guides button to learn more about our events, sponsorship or membership. 

sip & support make-a-wish event brought to you by the women's business network & the gbacoc.  learn more here 

lake trust a& the gbacoc invite you to join us at the brighton business expo.  tons of great speakers and opportunities.  learn more here 

















                                oxford center                            














                                bank of ann arbor                            














                                cooper & binkley                            














                                trinity health                            














                                planted provisioning                            














                                lake trust                            














                                brighton ford                            














                                blue cross blue shield                            














                                corrigan oil                            













                                wayne media                            













                                all heart garage                            














                                brighton lighthouse                            






next
previous






thank you to our strategic & major business sponsors














 















 
welcome to the greater brighton area chamber of commercewe believe the core of what we do here at the chamber is helping you, our members, and our community thrive. our goal is to keep our focus and mission on you and your success.
 


 
welcome to the whitmore lake chamber of commercewe believe the core of what we do here at the chamber is helping you, our members, and our community thrive. our goal is to keep our focus and mission on you and your success.
 


 
welcome to the pinckney putnam hamburg hell chamber of commercewe believe the core of what we do here at the chamber is helping you, our members, and our community thrive. our goal is to keep our focus and mission on you and your success.
 


 
welcome to the lyon area chamber of commercewe believe the core of what we do here at the chamber is helping you, our members, and our community thrive. our goal is to keep our focus and mission on you and your success.
 




















helping people live, work and thrive in the greater brighton area






the greater brighton area chamber of commerce is a regional chamber with members located all across livingston county, western oakland county and northern washtenaw county. we also have members all across southeast michigan who benefit from our services. with three divisions, the whitmore lake, pinckney, putnam, hamburg, hell and lyon area chambers of commerce.
this is one of the most exciting places to live and work in southeast michigan. the opportunities for recreation, place making, business and good healthy living are endless. let us help you learn more about all the opportunities in this thriving area!
click on any of the events or opportunities below to register, become a sponsor, or to learn more about what is happening at greater brighton area chamber of commerce.  for more information, or if you have any questions reach out to our staff here


















upcoming events 


 
view calendar

 



































































































need help 
find a business
 
 
member directory

 








join 
connect and grow
 
online application

 








living here 
find employment
 
 
job postings

 








network 
attend an event
 
 
view calendar

 



































new members 


 
why join?

 






































about 
the greater brighton area chamber
 
the greater brighton area chamber of commerce's mission is to promote opportunities for a prosperous business community. the chamber is a large and dynamic business organization focused on strengthening, referring and connecting its members. it is an organization that promotes the local economy with large scale civic events, bringing hundreds of thousands of people to the area.
 
 
read more

 











































about 
the pinckney, putnam, hamburg, hell chamber
 
they may be small towns but they are mighty and have big hearts and community involvement to match. the chamber is comprised of community leaders and local business owners leading the way putting on special events that help draw people together. as a division of the greater brighton area chamber of commerce, they are able to provide more services, organizational development, network opportunities and advocate on your behalf to advance the businesses and help you succeed.
 
 
read more

 






































































about 
the whitmore lake chamber
 
if you love water sports, and are also looking for a place with an ideal geographic location and committed community leaders, whitmore lake is the place for you.  whitmore lake is located just off us-23 between brighton and ann arbor, not far from where us-23 and i-96 meet.
 
 
read more

 










































about 
the lyon area chamber
 
with the growing business community, outstanding school system, fantastic recreational opportunities and strong sense of community spirit, the five communities that comprise the kensington chamber area offers a wealth of rewarding experiences. take advantage of networking, professional development and event opportunities to grow your business.
 
 
read more

 































 












© 2025 greater brighton area chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












annual sponsors
















                                landscape design                            














                                st joes-trinity health                            














                                caretel                            














                                wellbridge brighton pinckney                            














                                the marketer                            














                                brivar                            














                                kensington valley varsity                            














                                corrigan oil                            














                                pnc                            














                                planted provisioning                            














                                brighton ford                            














                                the oxford center                            














                                key bank                            














                                advantage group agency                            














                                whmi                            














                                engrave it all usa                            














                                stormy's                             






next
previous































resources









facebook icon





instagram icon





linkedin icon











directory




member directory 










login




member login 










get in touch






greater brighton area chamber of commerce













218 e. grand river, brighton, mi 48116 










phone




810. 227.5086 










email




email us 


















 © 2025 greater brighton area chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved. site by growthzone 








 

















