












talentscout international management - writemovies

































































































 

sign in

contests

2024 screenwriting contest
script guidelines & rules

frequently asked questions


past contests – winners

writemovies 2023 screenwriting contest

writemovies 2023 screenwriting contest – $usd


2022 screenwriting contest

horror award 2022
romance and comedy award 2022
writemovies sci-fi and fantasy award 2022


spring 2021 screenwriting contest
winter 2021 screenwriting contest

sci-fi and fantasy award 2021
romance and comedy award 2021


fall 2020 screenwriting contest

writemovies horror award 2020


writemovies summer 2020 screenwriting contest
writemovies winter 2020 screenwriting contest
writemovies fall 2019 screenwriting contest
spring 2019 screenwriting contest
2018 winners: wall of fame
2017 winners: wall of fame
2016 winners: wall of fame

monthly contest


earlier main contests – all the winners




courses & mentoring

script mentoring & script consultancy
online sessions and workshops
screenwriting courses on demand
dr alex ross – script mentor
elite mentoring for writers
academy: film courses

hollywood virtual film school
academy lite – mentoring under $5 a day!
100-day creative challenge


mentoring offers


ghostwriting
news & blog

movie reviews and analysis
our news
industry diary
pitching
our winners and slate


writers’ tools

writing tips and submissions tips
writing insights articles
produced script analysis: development notes
produced script analysis: studio coverages
writers’ journeys


about us

case study success story: the list feature film
contact us
privacy policy
current vacancies
trainees and interns
what you say about us
frequently asked questions

 

sign in


 





select page


  
 



 



 


















welcome to talentscout international management
taking winning screenwriters to the top since 1999. all of our clients have stood out from their peers and competitors and received our studio-quality mentoring and script development.
 








built from the bestfounded by dr. alex ross, tsim has been selling scripts to the international entertainment industry for decades. he has been an agent of acclaimed writers and former co-agent of quentin tarantino, and previously an mgm script analyst. he has a doctorate on why films succeed and fail has lectured on film at oxford and yale universities.









partnered with writemovieswritemovies have been running successful global screenwriting contests since 1999, once described by moviemaker magazine as having ‘a virtual monopoly on… the concept of world cinema’.










built upon how the industry workswe put exclusive insights and input into our clients’ projects from hollywood writing experts, with approaches and tools you won’t find anywhere else.









highly experienced mentors and dealmakerswe’ve helped thousands of writers to improve their scripts and work with the industry since the 1990s.









industry-quality insightswe provide free consultancy/mentoring reports to show our clients the current standing of their project in the marketplace and our advice compared to what producers and commissioners are looking for.









current clients
all our clients have stood out in a writemovies contest or in our dealings with them in other contexts.

nicholas horwood - bafta nominee
hollywood, ca – january 07: writer nick horwood arrives at final draft annual awards presenting the hall of fame screenwriters choice awards and big break contest screenwriting winners at paramount theater on the paramount studios lot on january 7, 2014 in hollywood, california. (photo by beck starr/wireimage)
nicholas horwood is a bafta nominated screenwriter. his horror the good people was selected for the 2011 brit list, and his horror-comedy landfill was selected for the 2014 bitch list (a list of bechdel test qualifying screenplays). his thriller kindhawk has director tina gharavi (netflix’s queen cleopatra) attached to direct.
 
contact talent@atalentscout.com to connect with nicholas now.
 

brendan kelly (oz, con air)
former long-term sparring partner to mike tyson, brendan kelly memorably appeared in hbo prison drama oz and supporting john malkovich’s villain in con air – and nowadays he’s a accomplished writer of crime and mafia stories! contact talent@atalentscout.com to connect with brendan now.

vanisha renee pierce - multiple award winner
a shameless blerd and bookworm since the age of five, vanisha renée pierce is a sci-fi and fantasy novelist and screenwriter obsessed with genre mashups, sci-fi noir, breakneck action, and tv writing.
she holds an m.s. in sociology from the university of wisconsin-madison, an mfa in theatre arts & generative dramaturgy from the university of arizona, and is an aspiring polyglot.
she currently teaches theatre at democracy prep endurance high school in harlem and is the mom of the most awesome little human ever. every story she writes sits at the intersection of the bipoc and the bleeding edge and combines the sable with sci-fi.
her published works include the books of ezekiel novel series, the camille, everdark, and she’s currently working on the first novel of her brand new bipoc survival horror series, surrogate.
find out some of her successes here and what marks her out here! contact talent@atalentscout.com to connect with vanisha now.

jeremy thompson
jeremy thompson is the indie horror fictionist whose mind and fingers united to birth the phantom cabinet, let’s destroy investutech, victor dickens and the silent minority, the land of broken sky, toby chalmers commits “career” suicide, toby chalmers hits a new low, and outréverse. his stories have appeared in magazines and anthologies such as year’s best hardcore horror volumes 2 and 4, into the darkness volume 1, darkfuse, journal of experimental fiction, this book ain’t nuttin to fuck with, and brewtality, and been collected in sweet chuckling morbidity and a carcass of genre. a san diego state university graduate, jeremy resides in oceanside, california.
contact talent@atalentscout.com to connect with jeremy now.
 

michael rhodes
“i taught science and english in several states as my young family moved for graduate schools. one weekend i went to a marine park on vancouver island. a traumatized orca wouldn’t perform so the trainer banged a cowbell on the side of the concrete tank to punish her. appalled, i suddenly felt an excruciating pain in my ears, and a profound empathy for the confined orca. the show canceled, i walked alongside the pool in the now empty arena, and inexplicably, i began to sing to her. no, i began to keen. slowly she rose in the pool and joined me in a painful duet. somehow, in images, she conveyed the horror of living in a concrete prison with her extraordinary, heightened senses, and being forced to hear free orca out in puget sound, knowing she could never join them. an audience raced to observe us, and the frantic orca dove to privacy. i returned to washington. one day i called the park to see how she was doing. she had drowned attempting to escape.
i began my first story at night after the children went to bed. i tried to imagine the orca escaping, but she always died. when i submitted the script in hollywood i kept hearing about an upbeat orca tale about to be released. free willy. i put my orca story on hold for a few decades, and raised children.
later, while traveling to record questions for a science radio program i found time to write. the orca matured into a humpback whale. four editors later, two additional scripts, many contests, and many awards followed. in the next installment of the bio, steven spielberg returns to the sea.”
contact talent@atalentscout.com to connect with michael now.
 

more to be revealed soon!
with biography details…


why us?
we’ve been selling scripts and other works to the international entertainment industry for decades and develop writers of any age and experience level. if you’re considering film school, you don’t have to leave the house or go $100k into debt! no one gives you an industry writing job because you went to a specific film school. you get one because of the quality of your writing sample. our complete course is a fraction of the $100k cost of film school and available from home wherever you are, in your own time!



nobody is better qualified than our founder dr. alex ross in why films succeed and fail. he's:

a top former agent who represented quentin tarantino, andrew niccol etc and other top writers,
producer of a theatrical feature film that was distributed by warner bros,
creator of an entertainment company he sold to sandra bullock,
a bafta member,
founder of writemovies.com, described as having a ‘virtual monopoly… on the concept of global cinema’ by moviemaker magazine,
a collaborator with multi-award-winning directors, and,
in 2020 he completed a doctorate at oxford university, on why films succeed and fail. he has a unique insight, based on thousands of case studies, on the key replicable elements which make a film succeed. since then he’s gone on to lecture on film at global elite universities – oxford university and yale university – and been regularly featured in newsweek magazine!



looking to be represented?
enter your script to any writemovies service – it’ll automatically be considered for representation, and if it gets any of the winning places in our contests we’ll guarantee representation!



enter at writemovies now to be considered for representation!choose a $usd option below or enter in other currencies elsewhere on the writemovies website:








        quick purchase options...
      





            anytime entry (script) $45.00 usd
          

            anytime entry (book / game) $55.00 usd
          

            studio coverage $99.00 usd
          

            development notes $149.00 usd
          

            1 month academy lite $125.00 usd
          

            alex: studio coverage $179.00 usd
          

            alex: concept pitch $100.00 usd
          

            alex: dev margin notes $250.00 usd
          

            alex: development notes $299.00 usd
          

            elite consulting $499.00 usd
          








enter above, then email writemovies your script.
email us at info@writemovies.com to enter after payment, or to discuss your needs and get a personalized offer!
payment is also available in $cad, $aud and £gbp.



promoting great global storytelling since 1999.
since we were established in hollywood in 1999 we’ve been the company who help you choose the best scripts and projects, develop them to their fulfil their potential, and get them sold and produced, with two oscar-nominated writers among our notable success stories. our acclaimed services and contests mirror how your script will fare in the industry right now.




i wanted to write a short note to say how much i enjoy working with writemovies. the professional way in which you work with the writers and the analysts makes the experience of giving and receiving screenplay notes a painless one and as a result allows the creative process to flow smoothly. any writer looking to move their script to a higher level can’t go wrong by turning to writemovies for feedback.
tom craig
producer of shakespeare in love, rain man and many other top films






 







newsletter
name





email address



please select what you would like to receive from us.*

no updates unless i win a prize
just news about what i purchased
exclusives, newsletters, marketing, offers




leave this field empty if you're human: 

search for:



writers’ tools – overview
writer mentors
writemovies produced scripts archive
development notes

trainees’ examples


studio consulting

trainees’ examples


our pick of the web for writers and producers
success stories
writers’ journeys
writing insights

ian kennedy


 uk and eu followers – don’t miss out on your bridge to the international industry! if you’ve not submitted to us since oct 1 2017, we need new consent from you to continue to contact you. click here.

categories

100-day creative challenge (53)

academy (23)

actualités francophones (7)

alex ross (13)

archive articles from writemovies (15)

competition offers (12)

contests (47)

2023 screenwriting contest (16)

2024 screenwriting contest (18)



deutsch (neuigkeiten) (6)

development notes (10)

trainees' examples (5)



directory (2)

elite consulting (15)

featured script of the month (12)

francais (17)

ghostwriting (4)

highlights (65)

horror award (31)

industry news (73)

interviews (5)

lost generation blog (2)

marketing (4)

events (1)



movie reviews and tv reviews (34)

news (47)

offers (4)

online sessions and screenwriting classes (14)

our books (6)

our pick of the web for writers and producers (9)

our videos (2)

our winners (125)

pitching (37)

industry diary (26)



rom-com award (23)

sci-fi and fantasy award (19)

screenwriting contests (33)

screenwriting courses (15)

screenwriting courses on demand (5)



script mentoring offers (15)

studio consulting (23)

trainees' examples (19)



success stories (9)

trainees and interns (10)

updates (225)

wmc (127)

results (46)

wmc-archive (8)

wmcm (12)
	
monthly contest winners (9)





world cinema (1)

writemovies academy (30)

writemovies news (184)

writers' journeys (10)

writing insights (91)

ian kennedy (26)

matt rose (2)






recent posts


making every character count – february 17th


film production and distribution – new course launching in 2025!


blade runner and ai: acclaimed new dr alex ross article!


2024 screenwriting contest winners and honorable mentions!


2024 screenwriting contest semi-finalists announced!


2024 screenwriting contest quarter finalists announced!


2024 romance and comedy award winner announced: dad con by tracey moore and richard eng!


2024 horror award winner announced: the lonely by girard dorney!


2024 sci-fi and fantasy award winner announced: string theory by vanisha renée pierce and alex serafini


script pitch contest 2024 winner announced!


tagsacademy awards
activity
award
challenge
comedy
competition
contest
creative
deadline
fantasy
film
films
game of thrones
hollywood
horror
international screenwriting contest
movie
movies
oscars
pitching
prize
results
review
rom-com
romance
sci-fi
science fiction
screenplay
screenwriter
screenwriters
screenwriting
screenwriting competition
screenwriting contest
script
script development
scripts
scriptwriting
star wars
winner
winners
writer
writers
writing
writing contest
writing tips
 



home
about writemovies
writemovies academy: a unique virtual film school!
writers’ tools
 






facebook




x




rss


© writemovies. 264 s. la cienega boulevard, suite 1132, beverly hills, ca 90211 




 sign in
username or emailpasswordsign in don't have an account yet? register
forgot password?
 register
emailpasswordregisteralready have an account? sign in
 reset password
please enter your username or email address, you will receive a link to create a new password via email.username or emailsend email




manage cookie consent






we use cookies to optimize our website and our service.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept cookies
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent
 

















































