













tidewater mortgage services - home loans and rates


















































































about us
loans 

purchasing
refinancing


offices
loan officers
loan guide
blog
contact us
careers
 















about us
loans 

purchasing
refinancing


offices
loan officers
loan guide
blog
contact us
careers
 















 get pre-qualified!














get pre qualified

×







                                    i am currently working with atidewater mortage loan officer!
                                  

find your loan officer
amy adams
bryan pumphrey
bryant ingham
cameron pearson
craig minton
damon e. carpitella
david fields
david george demmer
david gilbert
david max straight
dillon harville
donna heinrich
donna lee cox
eddie holt
elizabeth “peyton” von hirsch
fred gordon
gina potter moore
hans jacques
helen jean harper
irna garcia santiago
jane cavanagh
janet wrenn moore
jeremy krupnick
jill m. maloney
jim belote
joe lombardi
john mario macchiarelli
jonathan kassnove
jonathan r. matthews
joseph charles davis
joseph robert staub
josh ambush
josh may
julia phifer
karen smith
kathy martinez
kelly santos
kevin joseph gorman
lauren harrington
lorinda rose james
mark schantzer
mark stewart
marquisa edmond
maureen elizabeth milicich
max sandler
melissa louise deroba
michael bellano
michael bruce rinehart
michael hosang
miguel jose gonzalez
mike williams
nick kenworthy
pamela wevodau
patrick dozler
patrick m. skees
patrick w. steele
peter king yuen
ray ward
ray williams
reggie matthews
rita c. feasenmyer
robert dewitt runnells
russell brown
sam molofsky
stacey james davidson
steven zsolt runnells
tammy esaley
timothy (tim) lee dixon
todd edward dragovich
traci lynn rizer
wander batista
william (bill) austin forrest
zachery rizer







                                    i am not working with a tidewater mortage loan officer!
                                  

                                    lets get started
                                  



























 our offices
 loan officers


















 





why tidewater mortgage services?
 
 




 
slide"john goes above and beyond to help you. he is readily available to speak anytime of the day 7 days a week. i used him to purchase my first home and to refinance two times in the past couple years. he was the first person i called when it came time to purchase a new home recently. i wouldn't work with anyone else but john."
-thomas l.
slide"second time working with joe and it’s always a smooth and concise process."
-kevin p.
slide"fred and his team provided the best mortgage experience i have ever had. aside from getting a great rate, the entire process was smooth and easy. thorough communication from everyone involved and prompt attention made it even better. i would recommend fred and tidewater mortgage services to anyone."
-brian o.
slide"maureen was absolutely fantastic from day one! she always made us feel like she took a personal interest in making sure we understood every step of the process. her communication was always timely and helpful. i felt she was always able to sense if i didn’t clearly understand something, and from there she took the initiative to explain things however many times as necessary to ensure we stayed on track. this was our first new construction, so we had some new questions for sure. maureen is a true asset to your company! i wish i could work with her on every major purchase i make going forward on items outside of home loans!"
-marwin s.
slide"jim and karen went above and beyond to help me obtain a loan for purchasing a home. they worked at all hours, and i never had one question unanswered."
-amy c..
slide"we had the pleasure of working with tidewater’s josh ambush and all i can say is wow! josh took his time to hear our concerns and questions prior to us looking at homes and he followed up with us all through and after us going through the closing process. he’s so knowledgeable and was our calming force anytime homebuying anxiety kicked in. josh, you and your family feel like family to us! thank you and amber for being so amazing and welcoming to us! we will absolutely be referring our friends who are moving here to you as well!"
-megan b.
slide"jon was very knowledgeable and quick to respond to any questions or concerns i had. he was flexible and able to work around my schedule, which was extremely helpful. jon made the processes enjoyable and easy!"
-brandelyn b.
slide"marquisa always made herself available to our mortgage inquiry needs. she also gave us a great deal of insight into the process so we knew what to expect. honestly, i can’t say enough about her effective communication and professionalism. she’s the one to go to for your mortgage loan needs!"
-nicole s.
slide"overall a 10 out of 10. would recommend to anyone and everyone."
-tyrel d.
slide"excellent communication and willingness to help. we will happily refer friends and military families who move to the area!"
-levi l.
 




 




























loan guide



























































calculate your payment




























blog





































join our team













discover the best loan options 
when searching for the ideal mortgage, having a wide range of loan products is key to finding the perfect fit. at tidewater mortgage services, inc., we specialize in matching you with the right loan options tailored to your unique needs, whether big or small. the best mortgage solution depends on factors like how long you plan to keep your home, your current financial situation, and any expected changes. our expert team is here to guide you every step of the way, ensuring you choose the loan that aligns with your goals.













our mission





tidewater mortgage exists to provide significant personal and professional opportunities to all of its stakeholders: for borrowers, to make their homeownership dreams come true; for realtors and other referral sources, to be a trusted partner and part of their business success; for associates, the opportunity for personal growth and development, a career path and a satisfying work environment; and for shareholders, a return on investment at target levels or better.







our goal





to improve our customer’s lifestyle so boldly that they couldn’t imagine going a different way.













calculate your payment





this calculator is made available to you as an educational tool and is for illustrative purposes only, and based exclusively on borrower-input information. any amount calculated is an estimate only. the rates and payments shown do not factor in all your information. any calculations are based on information you have provided. calculations do not take into account certain loan-specific costs, including but not limited to mortgage insurance, mortgage insurance premiums, taxes, insurance, funding fees, hoa fees, etc. your specific situation may warrant a higher rate and payment based on credit history, income, and many other factors. this is not an advertisement for the above terms, interest rates, or payment amounts.



 





$

mortgage amount









interest rate (%)





years



months







term


  

calculate
reset



 tidewater mortgage services, inc. does not guarantee the applicability of the terms in regard to your individual circumstances. your actual rate, payment, and costs could be higher. we encourage you to seek personalized advice from a qualified professional regarding all financial issues and needs. get an official loan estimate before choosing a loan.
























contact me with questions about your home loan or refinancing!







{{cookie_loan_officer.lo_officer_title}}
 direct: {{cookie_loan_officer.lo_officer_direct}}
 mobile: {{cookie_loan_officer.lo_officer_mobile}}
 fax: {{cookie_loan_officer.lo_officer_fax}}
{{cookie_loan_officer.lo_officer_email}}








first name





last name





phone number





email





message





submit















our offices







loan officers



 


























corporate headquarters:


												nmls # 71158 | branch nmls # 71158
												direct: (757) 498-7400 | fax: (757) 498-7435
												200 golden oak court, ste. 100 virginia beach, va 23452
											









												tidewater mortgage services, inc. is a licensed mortgage lender, not a depository institution, and does not accept deposits.
tidewater is licensed in dc, de, fl, ga, md, nc, nj, pa, sc, tn, va and wv



privacy policy | licensing info
© 2018 tidewater mortgage services inc. all rights reserved. | licensed by the virginia state corporation commission, mc-1206
website designed by easton advertising

















{{contained_progressbar.count | number:0}} %





{{contained_progressbar.count | number:0}} %













































