









home - crystal springs golf course | seymour, wi | public championship golf club






































































                                        home                





                                        golf course                








                                        info & gallery                





                                        tee times                





                                        course rates                





                                        memberships                





                                        junior golf                









                                        the club                








                                        jackson point grill                





                                        join our email list                





                                        gift cards                









                                        outings & leagues                








                                        outings & tournaments                





                                        golf leagues                





                                        events calendar                









                                        contact                


 












 email specials
 online store
 book tee times
 (920) 833-6348






























tee times 

tee time availability for crystal springs click here











					outings & golf events				

let us host your green bay or appleton outing click here











					jackson point grill				

sports grill & banquet center click here











					membership opportunities				

annual rates & excellent benefits click here







1
2
3
4





















welcome to crystal springs golf course























































"golf in the heart of wisconsin's green bay & fox valley region"
perched atop one of the highest vistas in outagamie county, crystal springs golf course is the perfect place to embark on an enjoyable day of golf. from 1967 through today, this course has provided golfers with an outstanding combination of natural beauty and golfing value. our picturesque location just outside seymour, wisconsin is just minutes from green bay & appleton, and features a great variety of golf holes with plenty of opportunities to score well. 
at crystal springs, we are especially known for our fabulous greens. they are the best greens in northeast wisconsin and will always give you a true roll for those crucial, scoring putts. in addition, you'll be sure to enjoy the serenity of our natural setting and our finishing holes. the 9th and 18th holes are beautiful, dogleg par 5s with uphill approaches to contoured greens. enjoy your round and then watch your fellow golfers try their luck as you relax inside the panoramic windows of jackson point sports grill or outside on the gorgeous patio area. the patio has it's own bar area, separate wood fire menu, and spacious seating. we look forward to seeing you out on our course soon!  
the premiere golf venue in the appleton, green bay & fox valley areas!



big cup 2024 -- saturday october 5th 10:30 a.m. shotgun save the date!!!! limited to first 36 teams. sign up now call 920-833-6348. 














recent news 





							"best greens in wi"						+




a direct quote from an official with the wisconsin golf course superintendent association after playing crystal springs: "you have the best greens that i've seen in the entire state!"  our course conditions are lush and our greens are the best! stop on out or call ahead at (920) 833-6348 to play "wisconsin's best greens."
  







1
2




›
‹























watch our course video!



















upcoming events 

no events

view full calendar 







current specials 


weekday foursome special
4 golfers - 18 holes with cartonly $172 ($43/person)
click for all rates



















tee times  •  email specials  •  gift cards
















© crystal springs golf course • n8055 french road • seymour, wi 54165tel: (920) 833-6348 • contact • sitemapwebsite by: the rwm company




















facebook



facebook










twitter

tweets by @cspringsgolf













