

ohio railroad page





dedicated to ohio railroads, past and present



this site features photos, images, and info on ohio railroads (and some
western pa and northwest wv), as well as links to other good railroad sites.
ohio is rich with rail, but it used to have a lot more. the erie, b&o,
pennsylvania, new york central, nickel plate (wheeling & lake erie), akron-barberton belt, and the ac&y (akron, canton &
youngstown) all ran through the akron area. now all that's left is csx, norfolk-southern, and the new
wheeling & lake erie. this site
is designed to take you back, and also deals with present operations of
the roads that remain 



b&o color position light signal. enjoy them while you can, they'll be gone before you know it.

new september 2018 - the pc’s collinwood ymca dorm and others by chip syme.
new - old girl by chip syme.
new -   a piece on switching the jensie mine in jefferson county, ohio on the penn central wolf's run branch (former new york central) ca. 1970, from the fireman on that train chip syme.




join my conrail pittsburgh division mailing list

join my conrail indianapolis division mailing list

search the ohio railroad page
 

what's new


ohio railroad pictures, maps, articles and other information

railroad audio
misc. photos
west virginia photos
non-ohio-related
pictures
links
links to other railroad sites

 many thanks to railfan.net for donating all the server space for this website.


any comments, suggestions, gripes, corrections, requests, submissions,
donations or any other input, e-mail me at xxpenncent@narrisxx.comxx (remove all the x's, this is to prevent spammers from harvesting my e-mail address). 


if you are thinking of e-mailing me regarding information on ohio railroads or possible submissions of material for my website, please read this disclaimer.



this website is not affiliated with any of the railroads featured, nor
any other company or organization. i just did it to help preserve and share our railroad heritage, and for the fun of it! all
pictures and recordings are ©  unless otherwise indicated.

best if viewed with netscape or internet explorer, 800x600 and up, and more than 256 colors.
last updated: september 17, 2018

you are visitor number 
since 12aug1997




thanks to jon's
wife carrie for the cool ohio railroad page logo at the top

©1997-2018






