

military patches, emblems, coins, and ballcaps only at av8rstuff










military patches, coins, ballcaps and much more!!

welcome to av8rstuff!!
thanks for stopping by av8rstuff, 'the' largest, most popular and most diverse military patch website on the internet, 
all due to you and thousands like you.  this site was created by "whitey", a former naval flight officer and usaf wso/abm to help those of you, like me,
who are military patch collectors and couldn't get that one patch from a cruise, deployment or squadron. if i don't have it, email me and i'll see what 
i can find out through the network of thousands of other collectors that may have what you are looking for or need something you have! 




this site specializes in authentic, full color, usn, usmc and usaf fighter, bomber, and carrier airwing related patches, although other types of 
patches are often available, as well as coins, lapel pins, lanyards or any other memorabilia you may need.




my focus is to make available all the new designs as they become available.  i do this in a number of ways, such as working with the deployed squadrons 

to order with them as new designs come out. i also work with many of the patch manufacturers to order direct. if you are looking to have something designed, 

i can help there, too.  








newly added itemsfor january 2025



click to view military patches



click to view military ballcaps








click to view clothing



click to view challenge coins










click to viewred river valleyassociation store



click to view a-6 intruderassociation store



click to view a-7corsairassociation store









click to view ea-6b/ea-18gprowler-growlerassociation store



click to view f-14 tomcatassociation store









click to viewdfw tailhookerassociation items



click to view wild weaselassociation store



click to view masonic itemsand regalia









click to view sovereign militaryorder of the templeof jerusalem store



click to view a futureassociation store











click to view flag patches



click to view masks-keffiyahs-scarves



click to view keychains








click to view knives



click to view military zippos









click to view aircraft models



click to view wings



click to view parking spot placards








click to view lapel pins



click to view silk bloodchits








click to view usn stickers



click to viewnasa patches



click to viewstar wars patches








click to view trailer hitches!!



click to viewhand-made ink pens








click to view red flag workshop!!



click to view whitey's bio



click to view red tag art!!






payment info

we accept most types of payments:
1) major credit cards via the shopping cart on the website
2) paypal (whiteyinga@av8rstuff.com)
3) personal checks
4) money orders (from u.s. banks only)
5) and as always.......cash is king!!




patch/shipping info

 as the site is now under (old) new management, i will be recreating the website entirely in an attempt to make it much more
user friendly, so please bear with me.  as soon as you place an order, i will do my very best to get the items mailed to you 
within a few days.  if an item is "back-ordered", i will let you know also.

unless otherwise specified, i typically ship us postal first class based on weight/quantities.

i only try offer the highest quality items, and while most patches are new, we occasionally get some that are vintage (old) 
such as when purchasing a collection.  typically, none have never been worn by anyone at anytime, however sometimes in the collections  
we get combat worn and vintage patches...we will definitely specify when we get those!

we also work directly with the squadrons to get you authentic items.  if you are a squadron mess officer/pao or snack-o, 
drop me a line to see what we can do for each other, as would i like to buy out your "old stock" when you transition to a new 
aircraft, airwing, or carrier strike group.  as a former cmo/pao (usn days) and snack-ho (usaf days), i'll make sure you are 
taken care of, as i remember the time we shut down the a-6 intruder community!  it was a chore to get rid of all the inventory!

i'm not a store, just a web-based site, that way i can keep the costs down for your items.  
we work closely with the all the branches of the military, as well as, civilian emergency response units (police, fire, etc). 
we also support local civic organizations, so know that a percentage of your purchases will go back into my community!











