











dyersburg state community college



































 



welcome to dyersburg state community college!






 



mydscc
elearn
tn ecampus
help desk
alumni
give to dscc
make an appointment
  









 










admissions & records

admissions requirements
how to apply for admission
transcript requests
admissions & records forms


academics

division of arts, sciences, & technologies
division of health sciences
learning resource center
academic catalog
class schedule
tutoring services
dscc bookstore


financial aid

tuition and fees
apply for financial aid
financial aid forms
how to pay


student life

student success


athletics
about

office of the president
president’s cabinet
mission and vision

accreditations


our history
give to dscc
external affairs

alumni association
fundraising
marketing and public relations
tennessee small business development
workforce development


institutional effectiveness, planning & research
campus police
locations


  





 










 search

mydscc
elearn
tn ecampus
help desk
alumni
give to dscc
make an appointment
admissions & records
academics
financial aid
athletics
student life
about
 






















 
 






your browser is outdated.


your browser is outdated, update your browser for more security,
            speed and the best experience on this site.





firefox



chrome



edge



close

























your college. your future. 




apply now



 





welcome to dyersburg state 
dyersburg state community college focuses on student learning and offers high-quality academic programs that allow you to complete your first two years of college coursework at about one-half the cost of attending a public four-year institution.
dyersburg state also offers career programs that provide the skills you need to enter the job market or upgrade your current skills. in addition, the college offers several certificate programs that prepare students for specific, high-demand occupations.




apply now


request info


make an appointment






 
fact from student clubs and organizations to sports, academic and cultural events, students have lots of options to get involved!




 
fact dscc offers 63 degree concentrations and 23 certificates.




 
fact dyersburg state community college sports include women’s soccer, men's basketball, women’s basketball, softball, baseball, and now recruiting for cross country and women's volleyball!






schedule a tour






academic programs 
dyersburg state community college focuses on student learning and offers high-quality academic programs that allow you to complete your first two years of college coursework at about one-half the cost of attending a public four-year institution.







 
healthcare

healthcare programs at dyersburg state provides quality education in the field of healthcare and prepares students to meet the demands of the health care industry. 

learn more






 
stem

stem programs at dyersburg state helps develop skills to prepare students for tomorrow’s jobs in science, technology, engineering and mathematics.

learn more






 
transfer programs

with dyersburg state’s transfer program, students can begin college studies at dscc, earn an associate degree, and transfer to a bachelor’s degree program at any public university and many private universities in tennessee.

learn more






 
careers in a year

in 12 months or less, students can begin a rewarding and profitable career in fields such as business, computer technology, education, healthcare, industrial maintenance, law enforcement, medical coding and more!

learn more






 
distance education

dyersburg state offers online options to fit busy schedules. students can pursue college credentials from the comfort of home, without giving up important responsibilities.

learn more






 
business

business programs at dyersburg state are a great choice for students interested in pursuing a career in marketing, management, human resources or other business-related fields.

learn more






view all our programs








workforce development 
the workforce development division provides learning opportunities through our certificate programs, workforce development and customized training, personal enrichment and youth programs. 



learn more





 





 

ebills for fall 2024

beginning fall 2024, all students will be moved to an electronic billing






 

dyersburg state’s alexis smith named as 2024 new century transfer scholar

alexis smith has been named a 2024 new century transfer scholar and






 

dscc announces fall 2023 dean’s list and honor roll

dr. amy johnson, dyersburg state community college (dscc) vice president for academic






 

dscc hosts artist reception for rachel suratt at the jimmy naifeh center at tipton county

the reception will be held on thursday, february 1, 2024.






 

dyersburg state community college to hold alumni day on february 17

the dyersburg state lady eagles will play motlow state at 2:00 p.m.








how to apply

you have made a great choice to attend dyersburg state! now complete the application for admission and learn about specific admission requirements.


apply now






news & events 




 
buck and madds brotherton to exhibit artwork at dscc’s jimmy naifeh center

dyersburg state community college proudly announces the exhibit featuring the captivating artwork







 
dusty rhodes announced as dscc lady eagles softball interim head coach

dyersburg state community college (dscc) is excited to announce the appointment of







 
dyersburg state community college announces 2nd annual henry county center golf tournament

dyersburg state community college (dscc) is excited to announce the 2nd annual







 
dscc announces fall 2024 dean’s list and honor roll

dr. amy johnson, dyersburg state community college (dscc) vice president of academic









 
state representative johnny w. shaw to speak at dscc’s annual dr. martin luther king, jr. luncheon

state representative johnny w. shaw of the 80th legislative district will serve






view all








quick links

academic calendar
dscc bookstore
find people
employment
support dscc
safety & security
heerf reporting
privacy policy



contact

1510 lake rd.
dyersburg, tn
38024
731-286-3200
info@dscc.edu



policy

dyersburg state community college, a tennessee board of regents institution, does not discriminate against students, employees, or applicants for admission or employment on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, disability, or age in its programs and activities. 



important resources

dscc student policies
accreditations
academic program inventory with cip codes
full nondiscrimination policy
consumer information
accessibility
divisive concepts and freedom of expression
equity in athletics






follow us!










copyright © 2012 - 2025 dyersburg state community college. this web site is owned and operated by dyersburg state community college.

horton - nashville web design & seo services


  
 


