














incorporate in delaware - no attorney needed | global corporate services


















































incorporate in 24 hours
delaware registered agents since 1978 







  home   
  account  
 



        (800) 219-9359    



















menu











            home        
 



            about us        
 



            corporate entities        






                    delaware c corporation                





                    delaware llc                





                    delaware series llc                





                    delaware sub s corporation                





                    limited partnership                





                    not for profit corporation                





                    public benefit corporation                





                    file as a foreign entity                








            services        






                    corporate filing services                






                    file a delaware corporation or llc online                





                    apply for ein                








                    registered agent services                





                    corporate transparency act                





                    virtual office                





                    delaware business service                






                    mail forwarding service                





                    corporate kits                





                    corporate minutes and bylaws                





                    operating agreement                





                    document retrieval                








                    certification & authentication                






                    corporate resolution                





                    membership resolution                





                    apostille                





                    attestation by state embassy                





                    certificate of incumbency                








                    aircraft and yacht                






                    airplane registration                





                    delaware yacht registration                





                    uscg yacht documentation                





                    us trustee for aircraft and yachts                








                    tax and accounting services                





                    legal services                






                    corporate resolution or membership resolution…                





                    series llc operating agreement                








                    us bank accounts                








            fee’s & costs        






                    corporate packages                





                    maintenance of a corp or llc                





                    corporate tax breakdown                








            incorporate online        
 



            faq’s        
 



            pay annual fee’s        
 





































    incorporate in delaware - no attorney needed!


the state of delaware offers: 




 privacy for asset protection
 favorable tax climate: no sales/property tax one person can act as all officers/members
 owners do not have to be us citizens
 court of chancery - oldest state business court 



start now learn more 













    what sets us apart from other registered agents?


registered agent since 1978 - $90 yearly fee includes: 





 basic mail forwarding in us at no additional cost
 use of our delaware address w/ bank & irs return
 help obtain a us bank account
 work with or without attorney or accountant 




start now learn more 












    incorporate in delaware - packages as low as $330


included in all packages: 




 24 hour expedited services
 "free" basic mail forwarding
 state and county fees
 preparation and filing of documents
 registered agent fee - current year 





start now learn more 












    asset protection with a delaware corporation


protect your aircraft or yacht 




 privacy for asset protection
 register with a delaware corporation or llc asset protection for us & non-citizens
 trustee services available for non-us citizens
 meet faa & uscg guidelines with us trus
 favorable tax climate - no sales/property tax
 



start now learn more 















    free name search

    enter two choices of name(s) for your new corp. or llc. we will check the name "at no charge" and email you the results.


 



















incorporate now 





change registered agent 





buy products & services 




















corporate transparency act

                    beginning on jan 1, 2024 many companies in the us will have to report information about their beneficial owners information. (boi) 





    start now


    learn more








corporate kit

                    organize your records with a corporate kit for your delaware corporation or limited liability company. (llc)
 





    start now


    learn more








virtual office

                    need a unique delaware address for your business? we have several virtual office packages available. 

 





    start now


    learn more




















accounting services

                    our accountants help prepare and file corporate federal and state returns as well as bookkeeping and other accounting services.
 





    start now


    learn more








legal services

services include corporate and membership resolutions, corporate minutes, llc operating agreements and us trusts.
 





    start now


    learn more








asset protection

                    protect your aircraft or yacht with a delaware corporation. without asset protection you could loose everything.

 





    start now


    learn more




















certificate of good standing

                    is typically required in order to open a bank account, purchase or sell real estate or obtain a loan. 





    start now


    learn more








airplane registration

                    protect your assets. register your airplane or aircraft with a delaware corporation or delaware llc.*
 





    start now


    learn more








mail forwarding

                    our basic first class mail forwarding service is included “free” in our yearly registered agent fee. 





    start now


    learn more



















why choose us?

                    whether you’re starting a new business or maintaining an existing, your time is best spent on growing your business. for more than 40 years, global has helped people incorporate their businesses in an affordable and reliable manner. our low $90 a year registered agent fee includes free us mail forwarding and use of our delaware address. 
incorporate nowchange agent 

























starting a new business? why incorporate in delaware?

                    more than 850,000 business entities have their legal home in delaware including more than 50% of all u.s. publicly-traded companies and 63% of the fortune 500 for asset protection. the state of delaware has the oldest business court in the country, the delaware court of chancery, which uses judges instead of juries.    
benefits of organizing and maintaining a delaware corporation or delaware limited liability company:    
    
 any legal business may be conducted in delaware. 
   no minimum capital is required to form a delaware corporation llc.  
 delaware is recognized as having a favorable tax climate
  corporate records can be kept anywhere in the world.    
 one person can act an officer, director and/or share-holder of a delaware corporation or member of a delaware limited liability company.    
   no formal meetings are required and shareholders need not be u.s. citizens. all filings with the delaware division of corporations are public record including annual reports listing directors of corporations. delaware legal entities are prohibited from the sale or transfer of shares or ownership interests in bearer form unique to delaware is the formation of the
                       series llc. 
  
best of all delaware has:
 no sales tax
 no personal property tax
 no intangible property tax
 no stock transfer tax
disclaimer: even though there is  no state income tax for delaware corporations that operate out-of-state , a federal income tax with the irs must be filed annually.

   requirements to file in delaware: if you do not live in the state of delaware, a delaware registered agent is required to file a corporation or llc on your behalf. every delaware legal entity is required to provide its registered agent with the name of a natural person
who acts as the communications contact for the entity. federal and state laws provide legal mechanisms, recourse and due process to enable officers, directors, shareholders and law enforcement to inspect the books and records of an entity.   
delaware registered agents are required to retain the above communications contact information. 
incorporate onlinecontact us 




















what sets us apart from other delaware registered agents
since 1978 global corporate services has been offering corporate 
formation services to small business clients as well as fortune "500" 
companies. as one of the first registered agent companies in the state of 
delaware, we have the experience to incorporate your business and 
provide the resources to your help business succeed. 
mail forwarding services "free" basic mail forwarding services to us clients, when you form a small business corporation or llc.
use of our delaware addressthis is a "plus" when selecting a registered agent - most others agents do not offer this service at all. our delaware address is permitted to be used on business contracts and bank accounts.
open a us bank accountto open a us bank account; current bank and regulations require that all signers present themselves personally and with proper identification.  





services for running your business and asset protection
forming a corporation? we provide incorporation services for the formation of corporations and limited liability company (llc) for:
 delaware airplane incorporation and faa registration 
 delaware yacht corp/registration/us coast guard documentation
 small business corporation
 investments and stock holdings
 real estate property and investments
 consulting services
 retail and wholesale ventures
 internet stores  e-commerce websites professional services  apostille, certification & authentication of documents
additional corporate business services
corporate kits
document retrieval
renewal, revival and dissolution of corporation or llc
corporate/membership resolution/certificate of incumbency
minutes and by-laws or operating agreements
us trustee for aircraft registration and boat registration 



















    still looking for answers? we're here to help! (800) 219-9359
 






































types of corporation


delaware "c" corporation
delaware sub  "s" corp
delaware llc
delaware series llc
delaware not for profit
limited/general partnership
public benefit corporation
file as a foreign entity






accounting services


tax & accounting services
file income tax w/ irs info form
bookkeeping & payroll




legal services


domestic & international
asset protection
us trustee for aircraft & yachts
corporate minutes
operating agreement






handy links


file a corp or llc online
change registered agent
pay renewal fee's
order a corporate kit




corporate business services


corporate filing services
corporate packages
document retrieval
airplane and yacht protection






global corporate services, inc


5305 limestone road, suite 200
wilmington, de 19808
county of new castle
(800) 219-9359
(302) 386-3888
mailroom@global-inter.net











privacy statement: we value your privacy. our clients' information is considered privileged and will not be shared with any third party unless compelled to do so by proper judicial or governmental authorities. it is our obligation as your registered agent in the state of delaware to maintain a street address and office located in delaware and be open during normal business hours for the purpose of accepting service of process according to 8 del. c. § 132. this information is confidential and you will immediately be notified should such a situation arise.

disclaimer: you are responsible for making sure that all documents submitted for the purpose of opening an are suitable for such purpose and otherwise legally sufficient. this includes, without limitation, ensuring that the documents are properly dated, executed, and certified where appropriate. global corporate services, inc. reserves the right to retain any moneys it receives if there is positive evidence of fraud or any other material civil or criminal infractions by the applicant. intentional falsifying or withholding of information may subject the applicant to prosecution under the laws of the state of delaware and united states. in select cases, global corporate services, inc. may be obligated to share information with appropriate state and federal authorities. annual payment for state franchise tax and/or annual reports is the client's responsibility and is not included in any of our corporate packages.
global corporate services, inc. is a registered agent and document filing service. our company provides general information and incorporation filing services. we do not offer legal or financial advice, however we do have partners who offer this type of service. the use of our phone numbers on your web site or your corporate stationary is prohibited.
global corporate services, inc © 1997-2024 - all trademarks are owned by the respective company - all rights reserved





    website designed and managed by - website management strategies, inc







