


better health channel - better health channel


 skip to main content   better health channel   
        our websites
        view the list           conditions and treatments  conditions allergiesanxietyarthritisasthmabehavioural conditionsbirth defectscancercovid-19dementiadepressiondiabetesinfectionsmental health and wellbeingsexually transmissible infectionssleepstrokepain and pain management body parts mouth and teethblood and blood vesselshair and nailsgenetic conditionsbones muscles and jointsear nose and throatbody systems fertility and the reproductive system - malefertility and the reproductive system - femaledigestive systemimmune systemhormonal system (endocrine)neuromuscular system organs brain and nerveseyeslungskidney and bladderheartskintests and treatments complementary and alternative carefirst aidsurgerymedical testsmedications      healthy living  keeping healthy health checkshealthy eatinghealthy mindkeeping activeweight managementworkimmunisation keeping safe safetyenvironmental healthtravel and holidaysparenting pregnancyparentschild health (0-6)children (4-12)young people (13-19) relationships relationshipssexual healthfamily violencealcohol and drugs alcoholdrugssmoking and tobacco      services and support  services aged care servicesalcohol and drug servicescarers, caring and respite care servicesdisability servicesemergency, crisis and support serviceslgbtiqa+ support servicesmental health servicespalliative care and end of life servicestrauma recovery services managing healthcare planning and coordinating healthcareseeing a doctor, specialist or health professionalhospitals, surgery and procedurespregnancy, birth and raising children child, family and relationship servicespregnancy and birth services campaigns urgent care services      a-z       search     search  menu          urgent care services victoria when you need urgent healthcare now, but it's not life-threatening, and you can't wait to see your gp, help is  available.     victorian health alerts
      toggle all alerts    date:
             17 feb 2025
            changes to syphilis testing during  pregnancyexternal link  date:
             12 feb 2025
            more measles cases in  victoriaexternal link  date:
             10 feb 2025
            health advice on immunisations for  travelexternal link  date:
             5 feb 2025
            increase in q fever  casesexternal link   view all health alerts on  health.vicexternal link   we care about improving your health and wellbeing    conditions and treatments health information by experts, for you   healthy living information to help you live well and stay healthy in body and mind   services and support discover the healthcare services and support available to you in victoria   a-z of health information find the health information you need, from abdominal pain to zika virus what are you looking for today? whether it's health conditions, health services or tips for healthy living, you can find it here. quick search    
    search keywords
     go
         popular topics   respiratory syncytial virus (rsv)  free pads and tampons  mpox  mental health and wellbeing locals   community transport providers  egg, sperm and embryo donation highlights     victoria's pill testing service pill testing helps people make safer choices by showing them what's really in their drugs. mosquito-borne disease warm and wet weather can mean more mosquitoes, including the ones that can carry diseases that make you sick. learn how to protect yourself. public fertility care be a life-maker. help make the life of a child – and family – possible by becoming an egg or sperm donor with public fertility care. community pharmacist pilot the community pharmacist pilot allows people to receive some treatments at a local pharmacy without needing to see a doctor to get a prescription.item 1 of 4extreme heat extreme heat can affect anybody. take steps to protect yourself and others by keeping cool, staying hydrated and planning ahead.   find out how to protect yourself and others healthy living     smoke and your health victoria is still being impacted by bushfires. here are some simple steps you can take to avoid the smoke and protect your health.  stay safe from food poisoning this summer food poisoning is caused by eating contaminated food and affects a large number of australians every year. covid-19 protect yourself and those most at risk covid continues to be a part of our lives. follow the 6 steps to protect yourself and those most at risk. oral health for children and teenagers oral health resources to help you care for your child or teenager's teeth. conception, pregnancy and birth everything you need to know about the pregnancy journey, from conception through to birth.item 1 of 5our content partners       give feedback about this page           was this page helpful?  yesno    reviewed on: 10-02-2025   footer footer navigation health topics  conditions and treatmentshealthy livingservices and supportexplore  videosservice profilesconsumer medicine information - healthdirectmultilingual health information - health translations directoryabout  about usaccessibilitycontent partnersprivacyterms of usecontact us connect with us    
            facebook
            
            x (formerly twitter)
            
            youtube
            
            instagram
           footer other information    the victorian government acknowledges aboriginal and torres strait islander people as the traditional custodians of the land and acknowledges and pays respect to their elders, past and present.
the department of health celebrates, values and includes people of all backgrounds, genders, sexualities, cultures, bodies and abilities. privacy statement: https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au/about/privacycopyright notice: https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au/about/terms-of-usedisclaimer notice: https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au/about/terms-of-use   this web site is managed and authorised by the department of health, state government of victoria, australia © copyright state of victoria 2024. 



