






riverside arts center – the arts thrive in ypsilanti!





































































contact us
donate
 












about

the big idea
staff & board
history
news
annual reports & financials


art explorers! summer camps
things to do

events calendar
workshops and classes
riverside’s ypsi fine arts club
art explorers! summer camp 2025
riverside’s holiday art fair
riverside swings


gallery

current exhibitions
artist opportunities


rentals @ riverside
get involved

keep in touch
volunteer
ways to give
employment opportunities and internships
donate


 





select page


  
 



 



 











share creativity.
explore art.
grow in community.













art explorers! after school art classes

art explorers! after-school art classes spring semester in this weekly class, we will explore different kinds of art. the art we make will be inspired by your child’s own imagination, ordinary things, and the world around us. your young artist will make colorful and...





ypsi fine arts club group exhibition – call for art

call for art: ypsi fine arts club group exhibition venue: riverside arts center 76 n. huron st. ypsilanti, mi 48197exhibition dates: april 18 - may 16, 2025 overview: riverside arts center is delighted to extend an invitation to all members of the ypsi fine arts club...





become a teaching artist

become a teaching artist  riverside arts center’s workshops and classes program provides engaging and high-quality arts instruction for our creative community. our workshops and classes are designed to be accessible to a wide range of experience levels — from...












rac happenings







art explorers! after school art classes

in this weekly class, we will explore different kinds of art. the art we make will be inspired by your child’s own imagination, ordinary things, and the world around us. your young artist will make colorful and vibrant drawings, collages, paintings, and more! 
 
read more 








ypsi fine arts club group exhibition – call for art

call for art: ypsi fine arts club group exhibition venue: riverside arts center 76 n. huron st. ypsilanti, mi 48197exhibition dates: april 18 - may 16, 2025 overview: riverside arts center is delighted to extend an invitation to all members of the ypsi fine arts club... 
read more 








become a teaching artist

riverside arts center’s workshops and classes program provides engaging and high-quality arts instruction for our creative community. our workshops and classes are designed to be accessible to a wide range of experience levels — from beginners to professional artists looking to expand their skill set.
 
read more 








riverside’s 30th anniversary invitational

about the showin 1995, riverside arts center began its mission to cultivate the arts and culture in ypsilanti. this year, we're celebrating 30 years of fostering and promoting the visual and performing arts in our creative community. to honor rac’s 30th year, maggie... 
read more 



















rac.ypsi








summer camp registration is open now! 

register w


 





happening tomorrow! 

relax, refresh, and start yo


 





summer camp registration begins monday morning at 


 





ypsi fine arts club artists -submit your work!

ri






become a rac teaching artist!

riverside's worksho






mark your calendar!

the ypsi fine arts club meets


 





calling all undergrads and post-grads!

the paid i






relax, refresh, and start your week off creatively


 





the rac monthly for february is out! learn about e



 


load more...






 follow us on instagram!














innovative exhibitionswe hold 6 – 8 exhibitions a year in our gallery. we strive to present a wide diversity of art, from students, to professionals. see what’s current on exhibiton and what’s coming next! 
exhibitions



creative experiences for allriverside arts center is a hub of creative activity with something for everybody. see a play or performance. take a class or come to an ypsi fine arts club gathering!
events



space to work inwe offer affordable creative space for you to teach, perform, or create at riverside arts center. rent our artists studios, theater that seats 155, a light-filled dance studio, and more. rent space at rac today!
rent space







get the latest news delivered right to your inbox.





sign up for our newsletter!
first name *last name *email *select list(s) to subscribe togeneral interest yes, i would like to receive emails from riverside arts center. (you can unsubscribe anytime)constant contact use. please leave this field blank.by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: riverside arts center. you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the safeunsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. emails are serviced by constant contact








partners & sponsors 






ann arbor area community foundation
art works national endowment for the arts
blue cross blue shield of michigan
buhr foundation
dte energy foundation
james r. and anita horne jenkins family foundation
john s. and james l. knight foundation




michigan arts and culture council
sappi
southeast michigan stewardship coalition (semis)
the mardi gras fund
ypsi real
ypsilanti downtown development authority



 







 riverside arts center
76 n. huron street
ypsilanti, mi 48197
info@riversidearts.org
734.480.arts (2787)

 open monday through friday
9am – 5pm by appointment.
open for all public events.
view our calendar for more information.

 riverside arts center is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization. all donations to riverside arts center are deductible.

 






facebook




instagram


 












 

































