












transportation | warehousing | distribution - pcc logistics - 3pl

























































skip to content











port of oakland increases extended gate fees | learn more >








































homeour services food and beverage overweight and overdimensional cargo retail and ecommerce climate control warehousing & distribution container flippinglocationsaboutblogcontact




 





homeour services food and beverage overweight and overdimensional cargo retail and ecommerce climate control warehousing & distribution container flippinglocationsaboutblogcontact










 




















solutions-driven logistics to service every mile. 
many logistics companies provide a plethora of services. however, they lack the flexibility to offer custom solutions. pcc logistics is different. we handle all your shipping needs, domestic or international, from start to finish, and we do it with unmatched service and integrity.
 
 









view services

 




request a quote

 










































we provide an expansive menu of services for over-dimensional cargo, overweight cargo, transporting, warehousing, and distribution.










freight availability










































in the newslogistics tech outlook recognizes pcc as a top 10 3pl services company 
pcc joins the annual listing of 10 companies that are at the forefront of providing 3pl services and transforming businesses.
 
 







read the article










































warehousing & distribution


 
since 1988 we have specialized in providing logistics solutions for import, export and domestic cargo. pcc logistics is strategically located on the u.s. west coast, providing over 2 million square feet of warehouse space.



how we go start to finish


 
 





















overweight & overdimensional cargo


 
overweight container logistics can be a complicated process. partnering with us enables you to simplify your logistics operation as we perform services within the corridor. this removes non-corridor permits from the equation as we receive your containers, and warehouse them within the corridor.



learn more


 
 









































pcc logisticsthe strongest link in your supply chain. 
we provide an expansive menu of services for over-dimensional cargo, overweight cargo, transporting, warehousing, and distribution.
 
 










our locations























pcc logistics offers a wide range of services in warehousing & distribution that can be customized for your specific requirements.
with over 30 years of experience, we have built an extensive network that allows us to deliver goods across the united states as well as internationally through our strategic partnerships in mexico and canada.













our services  
















warehousing & distribution
temperature sensitive cargo handling
over-dimensional cargo handling














cold & chill storage
transloading/crossdocking
cargo consolidation / deconsolidation














bonded container freight stations
usda & fda inspections
pick & pack services
























online tracking 
pcc utilizes state-of-the art technology systems such as satellite tracking technologies so you can monitor your shipments every step of the way, from pick up at origin point all the way to delivery at your destination point.
 
 










track shipment

























recent blog posts  
















east and gulf coast port strike threatens the flow of imports and exports 
pcc continues to operate from a well tenured safety-trained environment servicing our clients during challenging times and being an essential provider to global trade.
read more → 













port of long beach ready for potential east coast strike cargo diversions 
we at pcc logistics are aware of the potential disruption caused by the upcoming strike on the east coast. we understand that this could lead to an increase in cargo volume at the port of long beach. however, we want to assure you that we are here to help.
read more → 













port of oakland increases extended gate fees 
the port of oakland has announced an increase in extended gate fees from $40.00 to $45.00. as a valued customer of pcc logistics, please be informed of the following:
read more → 













pcc logistics embraces digitization for a streamlined future 
here at pcc logistics, we're thrilled to announce a major leap forward in our digital transformation journey. we're investing heavily in updating all our systems, and we're excited to share some key details!
read more → 













avoid east coast gridlock: secure your west coast logistics solution with pcc 
as shippers across the nation brace for potential labor strife on the east and gulf coasts, pcc logistics stands ready to provide a reliable solution. contract negotiations between port workers and employers are set to begin soon, raising concerns of a potential strike come september 30th.
read more → 













transloading increases as a result of shifting shipper strategies 
there's a growing importance of transloading in today's ever-evolving supply chain landscape. businesses are increasingly seeking flexible and efficient solutions to manage their inbound and outbound freight movements.
read more → 










view all articles

























careers at pcc 
pcc is committed to providing a workplace that fosters creativity, collaboration, health, and happiness. our continued success is a result of the commitment of our employees.
 
 










apply now













 






















pcc logisticsthe strongest link in your supply chain. 
we provide an expansive menu of services for over-dimensional cargo, overweight cargo, transporting, warehousing, and distribution.
 
 










our locations








request a quote































 
432 estudillo avenuesan leandro, ca 94577
sales: (888) 872-3002phone: (510) 346-6100
 
 











industries served 
food & beverageoverweight and over dimensional cargoretail and e-commerceclimate controlwarehousing & distributioncontainer flipping
 
 











useful links 
locationsabout uscareerscontact usresourcessafety policyterms & conditions
 
 



















© 2007-2022 pacific coast container inc | all rights reserved | privacy policy | website by unsung









 













