









culture shock international nonprofit hip hop dance troupe

































































skip to content










about

international board
program areas
dance troupes


contact us
location

chicago
las vegas
los angeles
oakland
ottawa
san diego
toronto
washington, d.c


 












youth outreach
 every culture shock outpost operates as an independent, nonprofit entity. and each company relies on the generosity of donors and volunteers to carry out its mission. please visit a specific location to learn how your support will be most valuable to it.







performance entertainment
all troupes are committed to creating fresh, innovative choreography to keep the organization at the forefront of the hip-hop dance community.







dance education
 the culture shock concept—to bring the urban dance form into the professional dance arena and then let that influence go back the other way—has now inspired several generations of hip-hop dancers. bunch touts the addition of break dancing as a key moment in the history of culture shock. “that was the big blossoming for culture shock,” she says. “to pull the two genres together: the original and the ‘commercial.’”







community involvement
culture shock began its youth-outreach efforts by performing in schools to inspire and entertain future generations. now outreach is one of the organization’s main tenets, with members teaching d.a.r.e. programs and giving complimentary performances to community and nonprofit groups.







community enrichment
the culture shock family has grown from its base in san diego to cities across the united states and canada. each company is individually operated to implement the culture shock mission of entertainment, education, and community enrichment with the unique needs of its community in mind. each company has up to five dance troupes serving a diverse range of ages, skills, and goals.






 








culture shock



our professional-level troupes provide dancers with rigorous training, paid performance opportunities, and the chance to dance in numerous high-profile events.



learn more 
future shock



our apprentice company, providing those ages 17 and under with substantial experience studying and performing urban dance forms.



learn more 
mighty shock



a training troupe for dancers ages 13 years and under, mighty shock builds a solid hip-hop dance foundation, teaching teamwork and confidence.



learn more 
mini shock



the youngest troupe with children 7 years and under learn hip-hop dance and are exposed to the core values of the hip-hop community, including self-worth and respect for others.



learn more 
afta shock



afta shock, with dancers ages 25 and older, demonstrates that we never cease to be creative, work hard, and inspire others with the values of hip-hop culture.



learn more 

what we do


culture shock is a network of nonprofit dance companies that brings the power and beauty of hip-hop to diverse audiences via professional entertainment, dance education, and community enrichment programs.


professional entertainmentall troupes are committed to creating fresh, innovative choreography to keep the organization at the forefront of the hip-hop dance community. the company melds urban hip-hop dance and break dancing to create its own brand of style.
professional entertainment 
dance educationculture shock inspires and empowers diverse members of our communities to achieve artistic and personal excellence by providing innovative and progressive training, development, and performance
dance education 
community enrichmentculture shock began its youth-outreach efforts by performing in schools to inspire and entertain future generations.
community enrichment 




we are a troupe of individuals, who through the power of music and dance, cultivate self-worth, dignity, and respect for all people.



visit our cities


chicago – las vegas – los angeles – oakland – ottawa – san diego – toronto – washington, d.c



our board members


culture shock is a hip-hop dance organization dedicated to innovative performance, artist development, and community enrichment, revealing the power and beauty of hip-hop to diverse communities.


angie bunchfounder, chief artistic director of culture shock dance troupes, inc
co-owner, culture shock dance centerarnel calvariopresident of culture shock international president of culture shock laal harnoisculture shock international legal advisorliz bernalculture shock international advisordel makculture shock international advisorlenon peachlumculture shock international advisor











follow usfacebook
instagram
twitter
 

our locationschicago
las vegas
los angeles
oakland
ottawa
san diego
toronto
washington, d.c
 

contact us culture shock headquarters
2110 hancock st., suite 200
san diego, ca 92110
619-299-2110

 

culture shock headquarters 





proudly powered by wordpress
 | 
			theme: sydney by athemes.		











