








home » new zealand association of medical herbalists













































































login












home

about us

herbal education
what is herbal medicine?
continued professional development (cpd)
executive committee
strategic plan



join us

member benefits
professional membership
associate membership
student membership


find a medical herbalist
shop 
contact us
conference 2025




















welcome to the website of the new zealand association of medical herbalists. we are a group of dedicated natural health professionals trained in how to use herbal medicines wisely and well. this website will teach you more about herbal medicine and, if needed, show you how to find a registered medical herbalist near you.







the next conference will be held in christchurch from 6-7 september 2025 at black box papa hou.talk to us about a savings plan for conference 2025.more details will follow




















members of the nzamh are qualified practitioners. they must follow our code of conduct and can be trusted to give you the very best herbal advice and dispense quality herbal medicines. find a medical herbalist


whatever your herbal education path has been, your application to join our herbal community is warmly welcomed. if you have graduated from one of our pre-approved college courses then your membership will be swiftly processed. all applications are welcome.join nzamh


herbal medicine is the study of pharmacognosy and the use of medicinal plants, which are a basis of traditional medicine. the common factor in many people seen by a medical herbalist is that they have a chronic health problem that is not getting better by itself.what is herbal medicine?









a medical herbalist studies for at least three years full-time to reach the standard required to register as a professional with the nzamh.  our members represent the pinnacle of the profession, many with extensive clinical experience. each year they are required to submit continued professional development (cpd) which ensures they stay up to date with the latest herbal research, information and practice methods.where can i study herbal medicine in new zealand? 








the nzamh constitution also contains the code of ethics and complaints procedure. nzamh constitution 

















































































