










home | r. j. corman railroad group





































  skip to main content
















home


about






officers



officers our executive team and board of directors are highly experienced members of the railroad industry and bring perspectives from several class i railroads as well as other transportation and service related fields.





organization


history



history in 1973, richard j. corman founded our company. in a little over 35 years, he turned a railroad service company with a single backhoe into one of the nation's leading railroad service providers.





vision & safety



vision & safety our vision is to be the best service provider to the railroad and related industries. safety is our highest priority.





locations









in 1973, richard j. corman founded our company. in a little over 35 years, he turned a railroad service company with a single backhoe into one of the nation's leading railroad service providers.





companies






railroad services construction



railroad services construction our 50 years in the railroad industry equips us with the experience and knowledge to consistently meet customers' needs.





railroad services emergency



railroad services emergency we are on call 24/7 to make sure you get rapid responses to emergencies. our strategically located field offices enable us to get on site quickly.





signaling



signaling we excel in developing communication solutions. from engineering highway crossing warning systems to wayside signals, we can provide turnkey services at any level.





storm team



storm team these crews and their equipment are formed from the combined resources of multiple companies to provide a concentrated, immediate response to natural disasters.





material sales



material sales with strategically located material yards, we provide customers with safe, high-quality and cost-effective inventory management and point-of-use delivery.





railroad company



railroad company our 19 short line railroads operate in 11 states serving customers with a wide variety of commodities. we have 30+ years of experience providing safe and reliable transportation.





railroad switching



railroad switching we provide railroad operational support to a wide variety of industrial facilities that ship via rail. our services can be greatly customized to suit our customers’ needs.





distribution centers



distribution centers we stand ready to provide secure material warehousing and transloading services to customers in locations with or without railroad access.





my old kentucky dinner train



my old kentucky dinner train with year-round excursions in kentucky’s beautiful countryside, this passenger dining experience offers the perfect pairing of delicious food and delightful scenery.











newsroom






articles


press releases


project reviews


search









keep up to date with the latest activity from r. j. corman and follow us on facebook and twitter.





contact






careers


bidding opportunities



bidding opportunities find out how to bid on funded projects for r. j. corman.





real estate services



real estate services to request wire line or pipe line installation, maps or entry onto railroad property, visit this page.












corporate offices
859-881-7521
derailment emergency
1-800-772-9091
email
info@rjcorman.com






















 





 











our companies





railroad services construction

rail replacement
cut & slide
tie replacement
surfacing
new construction
undercutting






railroad services emergency

24/7 emergency dispatch
strategically located field offices
re-railing locomotives & cars
post derailment clean-up
hazmat removal
storm repair






signaling
full service signal engineering, design and installationsystem assembly and wiringwarehousing and logisticsmaintenance and testing




storm team

24/7 emergency dispatch
rapid reaction time
collaborated r. j. corman resources
clean up, re-railing, reconstruction
environmental remediation
temporary infrastructure






material sales
full service material managementinventory procurementstrategic yard locationspoint-of-use deliveriesunassisted deliveriesscrap reclamation




railroad company
short line railroad operatoraward winning servicenineteen short line railroadslocated in 11 statesrailcar storagetransloadingindustrial development




railroad switching

multiple industrial switching operations throughout the us.
railcar loading and unloading at customer facilities
in-house railroad maintenance and material handling






distribution centers

secure storage
over 200,000 square feet under roof
30 ton overhead crane
transloading capabilities
custom tailored solutions









organization



 
 
 
many parts, one source
r. j. corman is the one source service provider for all facets of railroading. although we are made up of several entities, our individual companies come together to form a custom package to respond to our customers’ unique needs. all companies and service groups are unified under one r. j. corman banner and adhere to the same set of core values in order to provide consistent, high-quality solutions for our customers.
 
read more
 
 








recent projects








r. j. corman switching: multiple lines of service at westlake, louisiana.
in 2022, r. j. corman railroad switching company, llc, a subsidiary of r. j. corman railroad group, was awarded a contract to provide a chemical company with switching services for its operations in westlake, louisiana.at the westlake location, r. j. corman holds a diverse set of heavy equipment and... 

read more

 pennsylvania lines delivering carload growth through innovation and customer focus
r. j. corman railroad company pennsylvania lines (rjcp) continues to be a major player in the region's rail industry, driving growth and fostering strong customer relationships. this past year saw significant achievements fueled by strategic planning, capital investments, and dedication to operational... 

read more

r. j. corman south union distribution center: committed partnership with logan aluminum fuels mutual success
nestled in woodburn, kentucky, the r. j. corman south union distribution center stands apart from the typical multi-client facility. here, a unique and dedicated service model thrives, catering exclusively to the needs of a single client through a full-facility consignment model with our customers: ... 

read more

r. j. corman railroad services, non-emergency constructs crucial testing facilities for mxv rail
throughout 2022 and 2023, r. j. corman railroad services successfully constructed two different test loops for mxv rail in its testing facilities at puebloplex in colorado. the first phase of this project was to construct a high-speed test loop. the 5.8-mile loop (30,527 track feet) is designed to replicate... 

read more

r. j. corman railroad services showing capabilities and determination in nebraska.
r. j. corman railroad services has almost completed the first phase of their project for heartwell renewables, a joint venture between cargill and musket, in their renewable diesel production facility in hastings, nebraska. r. j. corman employees successfully cleared 40 acres of vegetation and ... 

read more







newsroom


news









r. j. corman celebrates another successful safety commitment week 
february 11, 2025
at r. j. corman railroad group, safety is our top priority. like every year, in 2025, all 70+ r. j. corman locations nationwide dedicated an entire week to reinforcing… read more










r. j. corman’s ben skeens named a 2025 "fast tracker" award winner by railway age
january 22, 2025
we are thrilled to announce that ben skeens, director of railcar maintenance & compliance at r. j. corman railroad company, has been selected as one of… read more










r. j. corman railroad services wins nrc’s 2024 small project of the year award 
january 09, 2025
we are thrilled to announce that r. j. corman railroad services has been honored with the nrc small project of the year award for our exceptional work on the nearly six-… read more






view all


press releases




r. j. corman railroad company, llc appoints donnie stilwell as vice president of operations south
february 18, 2025
r. j. corman railroad company, llc is pleased to announce the… read more



r. j. corman railroad group awarded two crisi grants for major rail improvement projects
october 31, 2024
nicholasville, ky – r. j. corman railroad group, llc is… read more



r. j. corman welcomes national cement company of alabama, inc. as new customer
september 23, 2024
nicholasville, ky—r. j. corman railroad company is excited… read more




view all








locations


 

 
from the atlantic to the rockies
the r. j. corman railroad group national headquarters is located in central kentucky in the city of nicholasville. there are 73 strategically placed field offices in 23 different states across the us. use the map to discover more about our locations.
view locations map




careers


 
interested in joining our team?
r. j. corman companies are looking for quality individuals to fill available positions in railroad related service occupations. we offer competitive pay and benefits, on-the-job and classroom training, and unique assignments.
apply today
 













copyright
© r. j. corman railroad group
p.o. box 788
101 rj corman dr.
nicholasville, ky 40356


site navigation


home


about


companies


newsroom


contact




companies
railroad services constructionrailroad services emergencysignalingstorm teammaterial salesrailroad companyrailroad switchingdistribution centersmy old kentucky dinner train


quick links


careers


locations


rjc mainline


officers


bidding opportunities






corporate offices
859-881-7521
railroad track/crossing emergency
877-533-6913
802-774-1108
derailment emergency
800-772-9091


































