bailey's resort on leech lake - walker, minnesota       skip to contenttoggle navigationthe resortabout usamenitiesresort mapfishingfamilycabinscabin 1cabin 2cabin 3cabin 4cabin 5cabin 6cabin 7cabin 8cabin 9ratesgallerycontact bailey’s resortfsol2024-07-18t10:17:47-05:00loading... loading... availabilityrequest infowelcome to bailey’s resort!bailey’s resort is a family resort on a world-famous fishing lake. if you’re looking for a traditional minnesota resort vacation… look no further!view availabilityview availabilitywelcome to bailey’s resort!bailey’s resort is a family resort on a world-famous fishing lake. if you’re looking for a traditional minnesota resort vacation… look no further!view availabilityview availabilitylooking for a place to stay?our secluded cabins are situated on kabekona bay on the west end of leech lake in the beautiful chippewa national forest, just minutes from the quaint lakeside town of walker, minnesota. our protected bay offers excellent fishing for walleyes, northerns, bass, panfish and even muskies and provides easy access to the nearly endless waters of the rest of leech lake. in addition to fishing, we provide everything for the “up-north” family vacation at the lake.cabin 1remodeled in 2023 with vaulting ceiling and fan, log siding and knotty pine interior!two bedroomsthree bedslakefrontlearn morecabin 2newly remodeled in 2017 with log siding, knotty pine interior, vaulted ceilings and 3 ceiling fans.two bedroomsfour bedslakefrontlearn morecabin 3newly remodeled in 2016 with log siding, knotty pine interior, vaulted ceilings and 3 ceiling fans.two bedroomsfour bedslakefrontlearn morecabin 4knotty pine interior with vaulted ceilings and ceiling fans.one bedroomtwo bedslakefrontlearn morecabin 5very nice, remodeled cabin with knotty pine interior for that up-north feel.two bedroomsfour bedslakeviewlearn morecabin 6enjoy a beautiful view of the lake from the 2nd tier of cabins.two bedroomsthree bedslakeviewlearn morecabin 7log cabin with an authentic, rustic feel.two bedroomsfour bedslakeviewlearn morecabin 8a beautiful lakeview cabin with a knotty pine interiortwo bedrooms and a loftseven bedslakeviewlearn morecabin 9remodeled knotty pine interior, ceiling fan, large kitchen and living areas and a large deck.two bedroomsfive bedslakeviewlearn morebook nowcabin 1cabin 4cabin 5cabin 6cabin 7cabin 8request infosubmitsubmitthank you for your message. it has been sent.×there was an error trying to send your message. please try again later.×the resortabout usamenitiesfishingfamilycabinsratescontactabout usthe resort life has been great for us and we were honored to be named the 2006 resorters of the year by the community of minnesota resorts. we look forward to getting to know you, as one the highlights of resorting is when our guests become our friends.mapcall usemail us© copyright 2024 - 2025 |  website built by faster solutions | all rights reserved page load link       go to top 