


make a website on siterightnow.com

























home
siterightnow pricing

testimonials




refund policy
terms of use

make-a-website


faq page

how to faq

changing your information
previewing your page
all about graphics
buttons and links
background questions
organizing your catalog
music questions
ecommerce questions
more to come
get started online catalog


virtual tour

visual text editor
buttons
backgrounds
fonts
lines
link order
work on content

article style
faq style
calendar style


contact style

sample contact

links style
download style
e-mail response forms

example e-mail form


ecommerce
send right now

free graphics
contact info


customer login

new header help

faqs
choose your menus
previewing your changes
header basics
header background
header logo
header middle
header right
footer options
social network icons
youtube and more
try turning off header
terms of use license

tell a friend
change checking account
change creditcard
email or password change
domain change request
jazz up your site
affiliate programs
mal's shopping cart
hide a page
authpro setup request
thumbnails are here
selling website
table capture


test form 1
test upload


search engine list
privacy policy
search engine secrets
welcome story


go to...
home
siterightnow pricing
make-a-website
faq page
virtual tour
free graphics
contact info
customer login












 
 
 


 


 
make your own website with our classic control panel.
fill out simple forms with your content and hit the button.
24 years on the web!!


"i want to make a website, but i'm not sure where to start."
"why do some companies charge extra for everything?"
"how can i get on-line and accept credit cards right away?"
"i can't justify spending  a fortune on web development, when i'm not sure if my website will generate income."
by mitch cohen - webmaster
sound familiar? now, with siterightnow, you can make your own website for personal or business use. i created the siterightnow control panel web builder to speed up my own web design to help small businesses who couldn't afford an expensive web design project. my wife thought it would be a good idea to let the public use it!  in august of 2000, we launched siterightnow.com.  24 years later we are still here with wonderful dedicated customers who love our classic control panel.  we've updated as the web has changed, but the way it works is still the same. people love it because it's straightforward and easy, and it works the way it always worked. it's reliable, classic, and there when you need it. thank you to all of our customers. some of you are still with us from 24 years ago! we appreciate your continued business.
 
 
customer testimonial:
"the siterightnow software is so easy to use, we hardly ever need technical assistance.  but the few times we do, our problem is addressed and resolved very quickly.  when there’s any trouble at all, you get the kind of service that lets you know your issue is as important to them as it is to you.  we’ve used srn for more than ten years now—for all of our web sites—and we’re very comfortable telling anyone undecided that srn is the way to go.  thanks for your great customer support."
nar associates
more testimonials
check out our plans
 
 
 
click on customer examples below: 



web builder for the blind web builder for visually impaired
our web builder is popular with visually impaired and blind users, since it is text based. blind and visually impaired users often use screen readers that read the text out loud. here is a link to one of our customers who provides classified news for the blind and visually impaired:




on siterightnow.com, everything you need to make a web site is included:

great for beginners! anyone can do it. just fill out simple forms with our classic control panel, and it makes your website.
choose and register your own domain name (yourcompany.com) or use one you already own.
make your own website, including an unlimited number of pages!
no programming required! just fill in simple on-line forms with your information.
build your own family website
make your own personal website
create your own e-commerce business website
upload your own graphics or choose from our on-line library.
make changes and updates to your web pages with ease.
announce your website on the major search engines
get marketing help and advice
get as much free support as you need. don't worry if you are a beginner.
even sell your products on-line with instant e-commerce.
	check out the latest pricing along with more details..



we are proud that siterightnow.com was created with siterightnow!
we created the web pages you are viewing on our siterightnow.com website using siterightnow! as far as we know, we are the only company who thinks enough about their website builder (or has a powerful enough website builder) to use it for their own website. every other website building service we have seen uses a "template" approach, which we think makes it more difficult to build a custom website. we think our approach is more open ended using general "page styles" allowing you more freedom with the way you present your website content. we are proud that we were able to use our own siterightnow control panel to create our own website. we update our site constantly using the same control panel that our customers use. you can create your own web pages like the ones you see on our website using your own siterightnow control panel. if you can't figure out how we did something, contact us at help@siterightnow.com, and we'll be glad to show you how. check out the latest pricing along with more details.  read about how it all started with our site launch in august 2000


learn about html
even though siterightnow takes care of all of your website programming, we know that there are do-it-yourselfers out there who enjoy learning how things work. learn about how to make a website using programming and the html language by checking out!
how to create a web page at www.make-a-web-site.org.
the information on this site includes a very good overview of html programming for beginners and a convenient reference for experienced programmers!


here is a great html and css reference website that comes in very handy:
http://www.w3schools.com
thanks for stopping by.

| test form 1 | test upload | search engine list | privacy policy | search engine secrets | welcome story | 
					 | return home | siterightnow pricing | make-a-website | faq page | virtual tour | free graphics | contact info | customer login | 
		

 


 
 
 


 

copyright © 2024, support central online, inc..
				all rights reserved.