





reeder transportation training center


























  menu  
  home 
  about us 
  lesson 
  quiz 
  contact us 














login
    








let reeder put you in the drivers seat safely
reeder transportation training center , inc. with over 20 years in business and 40 years in transportation safety we are your expert in driver training.

activity bus preview
actvity bus login
teen drivers














activity bus-driver safety training














bloomington teen driving school and schedules














safety remedial














marion teen forms & schedules














defensive driving, consulting & eldt














mirror alignment station



















our pupose
 to reduce accidents and injuries through training, awareness and documentation.. 



activity bus preview




teen drivers preview


 
 










reviews

what people say about us









my son attended when his school could not work their classes into his schedule. we were very pleased and are looking at sending his brother for the driving portion when the school can't accommodate him either. 
kevin mcmath




we had two kids go through reeder driving school- they did a terrific job teaching them about the "rule of the road." the instructors were wonderful and very helpful. terry and beth were so accommodating with the kids' school schedules and went the extra mile to ensure all the class time and driving time hours were completed. i highly recommend this school. thanks for the great experience! well worth it!
kristy moore




my daughter had a great experience with beth and terry.  she is very confident behind the wheel, because of the time spent with them.  they actually care about the kids, not just teach them.
jay s













×



 











×
sign in

sign in
enter your username and password













forgot password?







          	do you have an account? sign up here












reeder transportation training center, inc.
driver education and training is what we do. it is the full-time focus for elizabeth who places safety as the main concern for reeder. 

contact info


address
1242 e. empire
bloomington, il 61701                                    

phone: (309) 827-0022
                                        	fax: (309) 827-9920
                                            toll free: 888-433-7882                                            


follow us on :








 






terms & conditions
privacy policy 
acknowledgement



copyright © 2016  reeder transportation training center













