




ben mathis - freelance 3d artist & tutorials































ben mathis - 3d freelancer - 3d art tutorials
freelance 3d artist
looking for an experienced 3d artist?contact me about your project.










portfolio

									go directly to my artwork to look at final images, in game screenshots, wireframes, and texture flats.  
								





tutorials

									go directly to my catalog of tutorials. created by myself over the years on various categories relating to 3d.
								



















about
portfolio
news
tutorials
contact












about me
3d artist with over 10 years experience

				looking for a 3d freelance artist? contact me and tell me about your project.
			

				my name is ben mathis and i'm an experienced 3d freelance artist. i've been working in the game industry since 2003. i've contributed to eleven shipped titles in the game industry, and one feature film as a modeler and lighting artist. 
			

				i've also worked for several years in conjunction with different toy companies to make digital sculpts that have been turned into toys. i've worked for numerous studios both in-house and remote. 
			

				i specialize in creating characters, animals, weapons, and vehicles, for any generation of system, though i've also contributed to level design, lighting, and compositingi also create training material and pipeline enhancement. 
			

				i enjoy coming up with new tools and processes, and then sharing them with the rest of my team. when possible, i also enjoy showing those results to the rest of the world, so that the video game industry as a whole can benefit and move forward with better art. 
			

read my full resume here.
			















portfolio



				my specialty is stylized art with strong forms and colors, high detailed hard surface mechanical models, and recognizable likenesses.
			
click here to see my entire portfolio.									fgol hungry sharks 				having completed most of the playable sharks in the previous hungry sharks title, i was tasked with modeling and texturing the majority of player sharks for hungry sharks world. 2d concepts were provided, and i delivered the assets as shown. 			                              
halo toy sculpts

				high resolution, water-tight meshes, sculpted for mcfarlane toys and used to produce the halo toy line. you can see the physical warthog toy here. one further example, mecha spawn.
			



























rotor assets

				rotor is a product of snjohus games, a small studio consisting of myself and my husband. it is available on the google play store here (with trailer). 
				all ship designs by me. most textures are 256x256, but a few are 128x128. all ships are 450 triangles or less.
			






























hungry sharks evolution assets

				these were made for the first 3d version of hungry sharks by future games of london. textures from the shark come heavily from the original concepts, but all other assets were created from scratch by me.
			






























personal realistic bust practice

				i was lacking some more realistic head models in my portfolio so set out to fill that gap. based off a mid-20s icelandic male. textures are 95% photo reference. normal map comes from a sub-d surface and small details from crazybump.
			



























mobile game asset

				the studio provided a 2d concept from one angle, and gave me a texture limit and triangle count (735 triangles plus a 512x512 rgba texture). i needed also keep track of total completion time which was 14 hours including rigging.
			
























click here to see my entire portfolio.
            
          









news




                
					february 14th, 2016
					completely new look

						i've neglected the site for the past couple of years so i thought it was time to re-design the page, modernize it and also provide fresh new tutorials and artwork. look out for some more original work in the near future.
					







                
					june 17th, 2014
					portfolio update

						finally, like 2 years later, i edited and uploaded part 1 of my lecture at carnegie melon's entertainment technology center. i cover a lot of the process of creating the bust to the right.
					








                
					march 3rd, 2013
					our game is out

						our game is out! grab rotor on google play. trailer below. if you have benefited or enjoyed my tutorials over the years, i would really appreciate if you download the free version and rate it positively and give it a nice comment. liking the youtube trailer helps too. this was made by 4 people, myself for all 3d and ui, ágúst, my husband for all programming, peter boehme for the intro illustrations, and ian dorsch for the music. head over to my 3d page to see the art from rotor, as well as some new low poly art from hungry sharks evolution. 
					




click here for older news










tutorials

						some videos, some static text and images. from next-gen hair to hand painting strong forms and understanding light to advice on schooling and career.
					




videos

									videos are recordings of me working in real time, with audio commentary alongside.
								








double smooth

											a quick video demonstrating 'double smoothing' using two turbosmooth modifiers on your subd control cage.
										









beastman texturing demo

											a 10 hour texture painting session sped up to 50 minutes at 1080p. mostly bodypaint. shorter 5 minute low resolution version here.
										









ornatrix hair demo

											using ornatrix in 3ds max to create low poly hair planes.










low poly character series, delilah part 1

											concepting in photoshop.










low poly character series, delilah part 2

											orthographic images in photoshop.










low poly character series, delilah part 3

											orthographic planes in 3d studio max.










low poly character series, delilah part 4

											head modeling in 3d studio max.










low poly character series, delilah part 5

											body modeling in 3d studio max.










low poly character series, delilah part 6

											gun modeling in 3d studio max.










low poly character series, delilah part 7

											gun uv layout in unfold 3d magic, and 3d studio max.










low poly character series, delilah part 8

											gun texture in bodypaint, photoshop, and 3d studio max.










low poly character series, delilah part 9

											face texture in bodypaint, photoshop, and 3d studio max.










low poly character series, delilah part 10

											hair texture in bodypaint, photoshop, and 3d studio max.










low poly character series, delilah part 11

											body texture in bodypaint, photoshop, and 3d studio max.










gahn eysh

											timelapse of a 4,300 triangle model. video of modeling only. plays at fifteen times actual speed.










timelapse texture

											video of one of the ways i paint face textures.










zbrush 2 and 3d studio max render to texture

											short video on using zbrush 2's tools in conjunction with 3d studio max render to texture feature.










low poly character series: 1 massing out forms

											massing out of the major forms.










low poly character series: 2 modeling the legs

											detailing out the legs.










low poly character series: 3 modeling the arms

											detailing out the arms.










low poly character series: 4 modeling the hand

											detailing out the hands.










low poly character series: 5 modeling the head

											detailing out the head.










low poly character series: 6 uv layout one

											laying out and arranging the uv map.










low poly character series: 7 uv layout two

											laying out and arranging the uv map.










low poly character series: 8 texturing one

											photoshop techniques and introduction to painting textures.










low poly character series: 9 texturing two

											photoshop techniques and introduction to painting textures.










low poly character series: 10 rigging

											using the physique modifier on a mesh to rig it to a biped.










3d studio max beginners

											a short tutorial on all the basics. i assume you know nothing and walk you through.








walkthroughs

									static text and image based instructional material with pictures and text.
								








put your money where your mouth is

											insights into your usage of time. potentially offensive to the lazy and apathetic.










comb map creation

											create "comb maps" to control anisotropy direction on a per pixel basis.










next-gen eyes

											how to construct more realistic eyes using per-pixel shaders and transparent shells.










next-gen texturing

											this tutorial covers my basic principle in creating textures for next gen assets.










programs, plugins, and scripts 

											the 3d, 2d, and miscellaneous programs i use, as well as plugins and scripts. links included. should give an overview of my workflow.
										









tip images

											page with assorted examples made for students and online forums.










dds types

											explanation of the different settings in the nvidia dds plugin for photoshop with example images. guide to compression.
										









normal map deepening

											use multiple layers to augment baked normal maps with real depth in your overlays. please don't hot link this image, my host complains.
										









painting ears

											a short demonstration of painting ears.










formal art training

											my personal advice for someone looking to receive formal art training.










3d studio max settings

											tools i most commonly use in 3ds max. this is the pdf that accompanies the fourth video tutorial for the delilah series.
										









photoshop settings

											tools i most commonly use in photoshop. this is the pdf that accompanies the first two video tutorials for the delilah series.
										









normal map workflow

											covers all the things you need to know to start using normal maps in 3d studio max.










layer setup

											my typical layer setup. this shows how i mask off each layer to allow greater freedom as i paint.










smoothing groups

											how to use smoothing groups in 3d studio max.










gradient maps in photoshop

											short tutorial on using gradient mask adjustment layers to colorize images.










using masks in photoshop

											short tutorial on using masks in your photoshop work.










analytical thinking

											a paper on thought process. i try to explain my own while i practice.










low poly hair texturing

											how i painted the hairs for dark age of camelot: catacombs expansion.










thirding textures

											utilizing your texture space for environment work.










texturing theory: part 1

											text based intro.










texturing theory: part 2

											hands on demonstration.










true color

											personal advice on using greyscale and colorizing after, versus painting once in true color.










texture dirt

											dirty up your textures!










true resolution vs resizing

											my opinion about painting double resolution then sizing down.










varying edges

											make sure to vary the hardness and softness of your edges when texturing.










how to make a stubble texture

											quick and easy starting point for stubble and shaved heads.










mobile friendly low poly eye modeling

											how i make eyes, both model and texture.










limb deformation tips

											animation on how to arrange loops for good deformation.










shoulders for rigging tips

											an example image of how i rig shoulders.










character modeling tutorial

											a complete walk through on how to create a fully modeled and textured character model.










horse tutorial

											old walkthrough of a horse model.
















contact







your first name *






your last name





your email *




your message for us *



what's  plus ? *










					please send me a line if you have questions, need a freelance remote artist (though i am available for shorter on site work), or have feedback on my website. i answer all emails as promptly as i can. 
				











©2016 ben mathis


check out my other projects: how we plan to retire early and our owner build house pole building project.
























