






ocean imaging































 












follow us...

 
 home bio  more about frazier nivens classes  school of underwater photography underwater cinematography immersion program videos  underoath, in division music video photo gallery murder in paradise news links to our friends contact  privacy policyhome bio          - more about frazier nivens classes          - school of underwater photography         - underwater cinematography immersion program videos          - underoath, in division music video photo gallery murder in paradise news links to our friends contact          - privacy policywelcome to ocean imaging"for the very best in creative imaging both above and below the sea” cinematography, videography, photography servicesfrazier nivensis a national academy of television and arts and science emmy™ award winning film maker,






 
 ”for the very best in creative imaging both above and below the sea” cinematography and photography services
 frazier nivens is a national academy of television arts and sciences emmy award winning film maker based in key largo, florida.   frazier is available for worldwide production services and can travel anywhere the job requires. 
 
   frazier and his team shoot and produce all productions utilizing the latest in ultra high resolution imaging with the red helium weapon digital cinema cameras capturing up to 8k resolution.   for more information on this amazing camera visit www.red.com
   
 shot on red, "murder in paradise", was made for  investigations discovery tv. click on the photograph for behind the scenes images. model alisa basyuk. 
 
 netflix approved cinema 8k imaging is now available for your film, television or corporate video production, both on land and underwater.  frazier also has the netflix approved canon r5c which can film in canon clog and 8k or 5k super 35mm.    he also has professional nauticam housings, the red epic helium weapon digital cinema camera, zen dome port, canon's 11-24 wide angle lens for underwater sharp, crystal clear cinematic imagery.   for lighting and bringing back beautiful color underwater, there's nothing better than the big blue 30k lumen video lighting kits to illuminate any situation.
 

 frazier can provide post production processing and editing in his key largo based state of the art edit suite.  frazier has been in the film production business for over 35 years and has completed thousands of  projects for various clients.  see the production page for more information on who he's worked with. post production includes editing and color grading r3d, clog 3, and exporting to your favorite codec and backing up the days filming into mirrored raid. https://youtu.be/c-a9w6fjiu0?si=efdadby_5b1ejx0v
 
 for the very best in quality production services call today to book your dates. 305-766-3238

 this site and all contents are copyrighted and not to be used or reproduced without written permission from frazier nivens, ocean imaging www.oceanimaging.com all images and content © 2024 frazier nivens, ocean imaging all rights reserved



home bio classes videos photo gallery murder in paradise news links to our friends contact developed by think up themes ltd. powered by wordpress.









































