








home » dante alighieri society of washington



























































 
 





























 






italian language classes

class descriptions & schedule
language program staff
italian language certification – plida
italian language classes faq
contact


dante society

gatherings
upcoming events and announcements
about the society
join
donation
la voce newsletter
resources
contact






















we embrace all who enjoy all things italian and desire to expand their knowledge of a beautiful country, its people and its language
the dante alighieri society of washington promotes italian language and culture. our english and italian programs are open to the public. we host an annual christmas party as well as other special events throughout the year. the society sponsors an italian language program with beginner to expert classes.






about the dante society



italian language classes







about the dante alighieri society of washington





the società dante alighieri, with headquarters in rome, is the leading institution in italy and abroad for the teaching and promotion of the italian language and culture. since 1984 the dante alighieri society of washington, a 501 (c) (3) non-profit organization, has offered italian language classes in seattle on the seattle university campus. classes are now offered online and are taught by qualified native italian speakers.









membership



donate



email list



gatherings



calendar



news












italian language classes
interested in learning italian or improving your current language skills? if you are, you have come to the right place.
for over 30 years, the italian language program of the dante alighieri society of washington has been the ideal place to learn italian in the seattle area. now, thanks to the online offering, anybody can access our classes.

learn about classes







announcements






february 12, 2025 english langugage meeting (online only)

by trevor pogue | feb 8, 2025



we are hiring! join our dedicated teaching staff

by giuseppe tassone | feb 8, 2025the dante alighieri society of washington located in seattle is looking for one or more instructors to teach in its italian language school online program beginning october 2025. classes are held online on tuesdays and thursdays evenings from 7:00 to 8:30 p.m. (pt)....




february 2025 la voce

by stacey howe-lott | feb 1, 2025february 2025




january 2025 italian language meeting (online only)

by trevor pogue | jan 19, 2025



dante seattle la voce january 2025

by trevor pogue | jan 3, 2025january 2025




january 2025 english meeting (online only)

by trevor pogue | jan 3, 2025


« older entries








upcoming events












			feb		

			26		










virtual event







		virtual event	


7:00 pm - 9:00 pm 



		italian language meeting – february 26, 2025	










			mar		

			12		








6:00 pm - 9:00 pm 



		english language meeting – march 12, 2025	










			mar		

			26		








6:00 pm - 9:00 pm 



		english language meeting – march 26, 2025	










			apr		

			9		








6:00 pm - 9:00 pm 



		english language meeting – april 9, 2025	










			apr		

			23		








6:00 pm - 9:00 pm 



		italian language meeting – april 23, 2025	









		view calendar	













sign up for our email list
receive announcements of dante society events and activities







* indicates required
email address *first name middle initial last name marketing permissionsplease select all the ways you would like to hear from dante alighieri society of washington: emailyou can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of our emails. for information about our privacy practices, please visit our website. we use mailchimp as our marketing platform. by clicking below to subscribe, you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to mailchimp for processing. learn more about mailchimp's privacy practices. 





        /* real people should not fill this in and expect good things - do not remove this or risk form bot signups */
        






















become a member
the dante alighieri society is a irs 501(c)(3) organization. membership is open to anyone who supports the objectives of the organization. we embrace anyone who enjoys all things italian and desires to expand their knowledge of a beautiful country and its people.

dante memberships and donations are tax-deductible
membership provides discounts at some attractions in italy
opportunity for free tickets siff’s cinema italian-style film festival


learn more

join



 










facebook


© 2025 dante alighieri society of washington    |    site by zolé 






giuseppe tassone moved to seattle from italy in 1993. he has been the director of the italian language program of the dante alighieri society of washington since 1998 and the plida coordinator since 2011. he is a language educator, coordinator, and advocate of italian language and culture. he has a background in economics and finance (b.a. in economics), but chooses to specialize in italian language and culture  (m.a. in italian studies). he has 20+ years of experience teaching, developing curricula, coordinating, testing, and assessing in public and non-profit organizations (e.g. seattle university, university of washington, shoreline college). giuseppe reviewed and/or contributed to several italian language textbooks, such as da capo, oggi in italia, avanti, piazza and sentieri. he is the author of ricordati di me,  buongiorno notte – italian films series by edizioni farinelli and un buon affare – italian for business by hackett publishing company available in print (2016) and e-book (2019). giuseppe teaches at seattle university and heads the italian section in the department of modern languages and cultures. personal interests are: reading, traveling, cinema, economics, politics, playing and listening to music, swimming, biking, gardening and cooking.
 
e-mail: tassone@danteseattle.orgroberta punziroberta was born in salerno a city located in the region of campania in southern italy where in the ninth century flourished the renowned schola medica salernitana; the forerunner of the modern university medical schools.  she holds a master’s degree in economics and management for arts, culture, media and entertainment from the luigi bocconi university, and a master’s degree in piano from the giuseppe verdi conservatory of music in milan.  roberta has been working in the field of arts management since 2008. she has served as a project manager, fundraiser and arts administrator in high-profile nonprofit organizations and music festivals in italy.  she has taught music and italian language in middle schools, and has held lectures in performing arts management as a teaching assistant at the university of milan and at the accademia del teatro alla scala.  she has performed many solo and chamber music recitals across italy.  she loves classical music, visual arts, reading, traveling, hiking and of course teaching italian.
e-mail: roberta@danteseattle.orggiorgio calannigiorgio is a native italian who grew up in the outskirts of milan. he holds various university degrees including a doctorate in aerospace engineering from the georgia institute of technology. he works on engineering research and development projects in the fields of aircraft performance and commercial aviation. he became passionate about teaching and sharing his knowledge of italy in response to the welcoming and inspiring interest in the italian language and culture he witnessed and experienced while living in the united states. throughout the years, giorgio has taught italian courses as well as privately tutored business professionals and students from various age groups.
in his free time, giorgio enjoys photography, hiking, history and mathematics, museums and fine arts, theatre performances, and traveling.
email: giorgio@danteseattle.orgclosegabriella vagnoligabriella vagnoli was born in pisa, tuscany, home of the famous leaning tower. she grew up in a multicultural family thanks to her brazilian mom and remembers teaching italian for the first time as a child to her brazilian cousins. she obtained a laurea in english and spanish language and literature at the università degli studi di pisa and during her college years spent a year in the university of reading, uk, studying mainly the works of shakespeare. after obtaining a certificate as a teacher of italian (ditals ii) at the università per stranieri di siena, she has taught in a full immersion school in florence, a children's full immersion program in chicago and a community college in illinois.
besides teaching italian, she has obtained a bfa in illustration at rocky mountain college of art and design and is a published children's book illustrator. 
email: gabriella@danteseattle.orgclosetiziana pibiritiziana was born and raised in sardinia, a beautiful italian island in the mediterranean sea. she has always been passionate about foreign languages and cultures, and studied french and german at the scuola superiore interpreti e traduttori in milan, where she obtained her first foreign languages and interpreter ba degree. she then pursued her ma in english and german language and literature at iulm, one of the most prestigious universities in milan, italy for language and communication studies.
tiziana moved to the us in 2000 and started working in the software industry, where she applied her linguistic skills and cultural knowledge to localization and testing projects. she also took on various leadership roles and managed teams of linguists and testers across different countries and time zones. tiziana is passionate about teaching italian and sharing her insights into the italian culture and lifestyle. she has taught from beginner to advanced  italian courses for the most prestigious  schools in the pacific northwest: the dante alighieri society, seattle language academy and bellevue college.  she also privately tutors american business professionals who want to learn or improve their italian. she is currently working on her spanish, as she enjoys learning new languages and cultures.
in her free time, tiziana likes to read, hike. cook, travel, and spend time with her family and friends.
email: tiziana@danteseattle.orgcloselaura ciroilaura was born in palmanova, in northern italy, a star shaped fortress built by the serenissima republic of venice to protect the territory from the invasions of the hapsburg and the ottoman empires. she was raised speaking italian, french and friulano (her native northern italian dialect). laura received a laurea in linguistics from the università di udine where she specialized in spanish and english literature. since then she has lived and worked in holland, switzerland, spain, england, america, and italy. in addition to teaching in our program, laura is authorized to cover the role of intervistatrice in our plida examination board.
e-mail: lauracbolan@danteseattle.orgclosefrancesca giambartolomeifrancesca is an italian native, born in cremona, northern italy. she holds a laurea in biology from the university of padua and masters of biology from eastern michigan university. she left italy in 1994 and has lived in new zealand and the united states. she has a passion for teaching her native language, as a way of maintaining and exploring the italian language and culture with different eyes. she has taught privately and in many institutions to students of different proficiency levels groups. francesca is interested in literature, art and design, and in her free time, she likes reading, cooking, and making ceramics.
email: francesca@danteseattle.orgclosedamiano pintondamiano is a native of a small countryside town in northern italy, about 17 miles away from padua, a city famous among other things for its university, the fifth-oldest surviving in the world. he received his b.a. and m.a. cum laude in japanese language and culture from ca’ foscari university of venice, while specializing in linguistics and translation. he lived in japan for three and a half years, where he continued his studies and his sociolinguistic research on (im)politeness in language. while in japan, he also started working as an italian teacher, discovering his passion for conveying the beauty of the italian language and culture abroad.
email: damiano@danteseattle.orgclosenicla riversonicla is a native of napoli, italy. she has a laurea in materie letterarie (degree in humanities) and a laurea in pedagogia (degree in education) from the università degli studi di cassino. she earned her m.a in italian and her phd in comparative literature from the university of washington. she has published articles and book chapters on gender and theater as well as politics and religion in counter-reformation italy and in the last years, has been teaching italian literature, language, and culture in different institutions. in addition to teaching in our program, nicla is authorized to cover the role of esaminatrice and intervistatrice in our plida examination board.
e-mail: nicla@danteseattle.org 


 







































