








online competitions for dream cars, watches luxury goods with low odds






















































































 









 
















all comps
faqs
winners
contact
account
log in



cart





your basket is currently empty. 







 







  

alexa echo dot free competition£0.99 £0.00read more



win 5k cash£3.99read more



porsche 911 competition£20.00 £15.00read more



car tyre pressure monitor competition£2.00 £0.99read more

 
 
feeling lucky?win awesome cars, bikes, watches, & technologywelcome to motorspeed competitions! we are excited to be able to bring you awesome prizes with simple entry.motorspeed competitions is run and operated by enthusiasts with strong social responsibility dedicated in offering free competitions and ticket based competitions all with amazing prizes and great chances of winningwe look forward to seeing our lucky winners enjoy our awesome collection of prizes.how it worksenter a competitionwinners
  read more


in car heads up display free competition
read more


free to enter win a dash cam
read more


free to enter win a smart watch
read more


alexa echo dot free competition
read more


rotary watch competition
read more


win beats solo 3 wireless bluetooth headphones
read more


win a f1 tag heuer watch
read more


renault twizy electric car
 
 
feeling lucky?
enter a competitionhere's how to enter01click on your preferred competition/s
02compete the entry question correctly
03chose quantity of tickets & make your payment
04watch out for your unique entry number/s and live draw
faqfrequently asked questions

who are motorspeed and can we trust you?
motorspeed competitions are backed by a successful digital agency and are fully funded. all competition prizes are owned in full with all prizes which are carefully selected to be as described and designed to full satisfaction for the lucky winner/s. be assured all competitions are as stated and fully legitimate.
when do you draw the winners?
we set a minimum sales number, when that ticket sale amount is hit we announce the draw.
how will i know if i have won?
our draws are transparent using the random number generator.
after announcing our draw time and date we will post on facebook all the information about the draw. if your number is generated you win. we will also call you straight away which is why we need your mobile number.
how do i pay for tickets?
we take payment through our secure online system which allows for secure debit/credit card  payment.
how often do you change prizes?
we listen to our members and will add extra competitions & prizes from their feedback
after a prize sells out we replace with another.
are you on social media?
yes you can follow us on facebook, twitter and instagram.
what happens if all tickets don't sell ?
in the event of all tickets not been sold a cash alternative to the value of ticket sales less fees will be awarded to the winner as the prize. so we always have guaranteed winners.
what happens if i win a prize?
we will inform you by e mail,and once your confirm your details and provide your photograph, then your prize can be collected from our hq or delivery can be arranged to any uk mainland address.
can i enter more than once for the same prize?
yes you can enter as many times as you like for paid for competitions to increase your chances, our free competitions are limited to one ticket per person in the interest of fairness.
join us ?
click the ‘join us’ button below and as a member you will receive discount coupons for tickets and other benefits such as early bird entry to new competitions and of course it’s free to join








win thisjoin up for extra special deals
more details



join us for discounts, offers and latest competitionswe will update you with all our latest competitions and unique special entry offersjoin usenter a competitioncharityfeeling lucky?awesome prizes
enter a competition










































































































 










©2021 motorspeed competitions. all rights reserved. website by launchprivacy policy | terms & conditions | my account

 








 

privacy preference center







privacy preferences
















 




 






















