dinodatabase.com | hundreds of dinosaurs and dinosaur related topics.


















  



 web site










  

 





the dino database
the arts & letters dinosaur database is part of
the arts & letters jurassic art program you can order on cd-rom. the database contains detailed
information on hundreds of dinosaurs and dinosaur related topics. beginners and experts
alike will love the detail contained within. just click on a button at the top of this page.
learn which dinosaur was the heaviest, tallest, and shortest. 
see how many movies hollywood has produced about dinosaurs over the years. compare
your theories with those of paleontologists on varied subjects including extinction,
life spans, and intelligence. dive on in and immerse yourself in a wealth of
knowledge about these giants that roamed the earth so long ago!


we've selected twenty dinosaurs and provided clues that will help you pick the dinosaur described. just click on the silhouette of the dinosaur to see if you made the right choice.
 



 if dinosaurs could talk

learn about the dinosaurs listed by listening to them talk about themselves, 
that is... if dinosaurs could talk. click on a dinosaur name to hear more
about the dinosaur you are hunting.

ankylosaurus
plesiosaurus


apatosaurus
rhamphorhynchus


archaeopteryx
saurornithoides


baronyx
seismosaurus


coelophysis
spinosaurus


compsognathus
stegosaurus


lambeosaurus
styracosaurus


maiasaura
tyrannosaurus rex


pachycephalosaurus
utahraptor


parasaurolophus
velociraptor



note: throughout the dinosaur database you 
will find phonetic spellings of many dinosaur names. clicking on these
phonetic spellings enable you to hear how a dinosaur name is pronounced.
to be able to hear the audio files you must have windows media player installed
on your computer or an audio player equivalent.


 dinosaurs on the web










 













 jurassic art    database home    order software









 














 

 







 
© 2005 arts & letters corporation



 translate to:  





 





