












great cities missions | sharing christ with the latin world












































about

our story
our mission & vision
staff
board of trustees


stories & news

lives changed!
from the executive director
some great cities news
connections
shoulder to shoulder endowment
latin america report


are you called?

 


select page


  
 



 



 












great cities are waiting!

 
 
 
 





learn more

 



rsvp now!

 



.
 
 
 
 

 






our mission of sharing christ with the latin world is only possible because of your support.
please consider giving to great cities missions.

 
donate now!

 
 
 






for more than 47 years, men and women of great cities missions have been planting churches and taking the good news of jesus and his love to latin cultures on two continents. 
allow us to give you a glimpse into the lives of the people who have been touched by jesus christ through our work. let us introduce them to you and tell their life-changing stories. we pray that you will be encouraged as you discover how god is using great cities missions to spread the good news to the lost and bring hope to those in need, and that you will be inspired as you learn of the vital part you play in reaching these souls.

experience great cities missions … great cities are waiting!
for updated stories and information, visit our website regularly and follow us on facebook and instagram.

 

facebook

instagram

 
 



2025 prayer guide

 
 
 




congregations

 


missionary teams

 


sponsoring churches

 
 
 




feeding the hungry.
clothing those in need.
sheltering the poor.
by planting churches in the latin world.

 
learn more

 



 
 
 
 




called to ministry in latin america?

 
 
 






 


					great cities missions is committed to care for and minister to missionary teams working far away from their home country. partnering with 148 sponsoring churches, we minister to missionary team members throughout the entire missionary life cycle from their recruiting to their re-entry in their home culture.
				
 
learn more

 
 
 




see how god is working through great cities missions

 











greatcitiesmissions








giving tuesday goal - it costs great cities missio






giving monday, giving tuesday, giving wednesday...






on sunday we had a great turnout for our inaugural


 





this gcm team works in ibague, colombia. through i


 





great cities teams are trained to look for people 


 





it’s a gift to see the smiles and community gath






the 2023 boa vista, brazil team is made up of two 






bandeja paisa. colombia’s national dish. beef, g


 


 


load more






 follow on instagram






 
 
 
 
   
 
 



contact us 214-466-6200
info@greatcities.org
3939 belt line road
suite 705
addison, tx 75001

    

   great cities are waiting! 
    
 



copyright © 2023 great cities missions  

 
 
 




















