






pen computer solutions – a computer systems blog
























skip to content








pen computer solutions
a computer systems blog



home
about pcs
contact pcs
advertise on pcs





home
about pcs
contact pcs
advertise on pcs











recent posts


a deeper look at the supercomputer


what exactly is a “supercomputer?”


an introduction to cyber security


what is a computer system?


different types of computer systems


archives

november 2022
august 2022
june 2020
april 2019
february 2019
october 2018

categories

computer systems

computer systems analyst

cyber security

it systems

optimizing computer systems

supercomputers

uncategorized


tagsbuying a computer system
computer systems
different types of computer systems
does my business need an it system?
mainframe computer
super computers
supercomputers
what does a computer systems analyst do
what is a computer system
what is a specialist systems analyst
meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org













 










  



what exactly is a “supercomputer?”

august 2, 2022
trong phan
supercomputers




a supercomputer is a computer designed for computing data with components, architecture, and resources,. these supercomputers comprise of several processors that work efficiently to perform millions of calculations and computations within seconds. these highly efficient computers are used in industries like petroleum, aerospace, automotive, nuclear weapon, cryptography and national security.
supercomputers work on architecture and operation principles from parallel and grid processing. in other words, it is a continued execution of processes. in addition to the several processors, a supercomputer also comprises of all the vital components of a typical computer system like the peripheral device, connectors, applications, operating system and more.
supercomputer – the fastest computer
yes, a supercomputer is the fastest computer. the computing performance of these computers give it the supremacy for high quality quick performance. this wonder computer is measured using floating-point operations per second (flops). so, what is the regular outcome delivered by a supercomputer? flops of hundred quadrillions on an average!!
cost of a super computer
the cost of a super computer is really high. it may range anywhere from 1.50 lac to 150 million dollar.
features of a super computer
they have emerged from the cluster form of grid system which worked on computing. since it comprises of thousands of processors, the entire system can take up several feets of space.hundreds of users can work on a supercomputer at once.high amount of calculations which are beyond a human capability can be performed very easily using this super computer.resolve complicated calculations of logic and arithmetic interests easily.a super computer can be used by multiple users. it is used extensively in the gaming industry as well to stabilize the working of multiple players.hollywood world loves super computers – no wonder why it is used immensely in animated movies.
use cases
mobile applications – testing automation can be done easily.nuclear weapon – to test the impacts of the nuclearweapon detonationsecurity – for data encryptionmilitary – understand the effects of war, test weapons, aircrafts and tanksmedicine – to treat many diseases, predict new illnesses and find the treatment measures for it.forecasts – super computers are used extensively for scientific and research simulations like physics, chemistry, meteorology, nuclear energy and weather forecast.physics – to solve complicated and highly intrinsic calculations
supercomputers have been regarded as one of the greatest inventions of mankind. it has brought an ease to several complicated applications and processes across the world. whether it is forecasting the weather to testing the nuclear weapons at a detonation centre, test aircrafts, predict illnesses, find new treatments, chemical compositions and security, the superpowers of a super computer cannot go wrong. perhaps in the future they will become more accessible so that everything from a free local fuck app and dating sites to a medical diagnostic tool will utilize supercomputers.the high quality and high level of processors used in these computers ensure that the processors work efficiently and give the desired results. getting a super computer to work is not an arduous task as it is self sufficient. however, it is important to note that these computers should not be accessed by every individual. only the authorized personnel are able and knowledgeable enough to operate these supercomputers.









  



different types of computer systems

february 22, 2019
trong phan
computer systems it systems




computers have become a part of everyday life. be it in schools, offices, banks, and other such public places, we use computers on a regular basis now. even in the schools also, students are taught about computers, it’s type, software, hardware, and different computer programming languages also. it has made our life easier, as we can do many things with the help of a computer. from watching movies to playing games, from networking with friends to sharing pictures and videos with friends, from online shopping to online bill payments, and even the real-time processing, business transactions, banking, reservations, all of these are done with the help of computer systems only.
with time the computer systems have also evolved. as earlier, we used supercomputers. and these days we are using personal computers which includes desktop, laptop, and palmtop also. the size of the computer systems in becoming small but the technology is increasing. no one would have thought before that we will have portable computer systems also in the form of laptops and palmtops. many people are still not aware of the different forms of computer systems. so, here we will share the info about the different types of computer systems.

super computers– supercomputers are said to be one of the most powerful computers because of their fast speed. they need vast space and have really good storage capacity. however, these computers are very expensive in comparison with the other computers. as we just mentioned above that they require vast space, so you should also know that many of the supercomputers need a complete building for their installation. they are usually kept in a cool or air-conditioned room. when we compare the speed of supercomputers with a desktop or other computers, the supercomputers speed is much faster and quicker which can process any information in nanoseconds or picoseconds. these supercomputers are not used for general purpose or day to day use like chatting, or shopping, or playing games. it is used in the complex processes like determining the climate, examining space, monitoring the earthquakes, and many other such processes. the first supercomputer was cdc 6600, which was designed in the year 1964, by seymour cray. some other supercomputers are tianhe – 2, ibm deep blue and param 10000.

mainframe computer – these computers are known for processing millions of instructions and guidelines per second. however, they are not as quick as the supercomputers but are still known as one of the quick computers. they are also helpful in storing huge amount of data and information. they are very huge and are very expensive also. the mainframe computers are mostly used in the organizations which need to process huge data and have to store huge information like in the railway reservations, educational institutions, and other such places where there is the need of storing bulk information. some of the examples of mainframe computers are ibm z890 and hitachi’s z800. these are utilized in a lot of tech businesses and startup app companies. many dating and hook up apps utilize mainframe computers to collect and analyze the data from their members. 
minicomputers – these computers are smaller in size in comparison to the supercomputers and mainframe computers. they do have good speed, but it is not as quick and good as the speed of supercomputers and mainframe computers. but these computers are less expensive than the above two types of computers. mostly, the minicomputers are used for monitoring the manufacturing process or the production in any private organization. the operating system of minicomputers is quite difficult to operate. the minicomputers which are very powerful and effective are known as the super minis. the examples of minicomputers are texas instrument ti-990 and vax.
microcomputers – microcomputers are also known as personal computers. in comparison with the supercomputers, mainframe computers, and minicomputers, the microcomputers are the smallest computer systems. they also are cheapest in comparison to the above-mentioned computer systems. these are the computers which are used these days for different kinds of work and activities. these computers are used by most of the people in day to day life. they do have both primary storage and secondary storage. the input and output units are also present in the microcomputers. you can either place them on the desk or can even carry them with yourself as they are portable also. the microcomputer’s examples are pc or desktop, laptop, palmtop, and tablet.









 



a deeper look at the supercomputer

november 28, 2022
michael larkin
computer systems supercomputers




learning the definition of a supercomputer
the devices which are built for doing the complicated calculation in extreme way and fastly are supercomputers. you can utilize them for playing chess or computer graphics which are of high quality. they need unique management for keeping cool. these computers need to consume many amounts of electricity yet they offer many benefits to an individual. they provide enhanced capabilities that are continually increased day by day. you can use supercomputer for doing any type of difficult calculations or tasks which might help in increasing the growth of your business.
benefits of using a supercomputer
let’s discuss the advantages of utilizing a super computer in certain business areas.
helps in solving the new issues:
they can be used to perform the things which normal systems cannot handle because of their sheer power of processing. for an instance, the forecasting of weather is difficult and need algorithms which are sophisticated. the supercomputers are the only one which can do complicated computations in fraction of seconds. they are also used for creating special effects and in the filmmaking industry.
reduces the processing time:
the main benefit of the supercomputer is that it provides is reduced time of processing. the speed of the computer is measured in the floating-point operations. the normal systems can only do only billion of functions per second. whereas the supercomputer performs all those operations tens of thousands faster.
enhancement of safety:
these systems offer help in making the world a better and secured area. the tests or the simulations which are complicated to do or hazardous can be done using the supercomputer. for an instance, the weapons of nuclear must be tested for ensuring that they work in a proper way. this process of testing is done using supercomputers for acquiring similar outcome without any risks of actual explosion of nuclear bomb. learn more about this processes here. 
reduces the price:
the supercomputers reduce the time required for finishing the processing jobs. they can lessen the price and save the cash for longer time by enhancing the efficiency. for this purpose, many of the organizations rent supercomputers to the clients who actually don’t require any computer for full time yet don’t require processing power on event bursts. they can also decrease the costs to low by enabling the engineers in creating the simulations of computers which require high precision model and for eliminating the requirements of expensive things.
some disadvantages of using a supercomputer
support and maintenance:
these systems are creating by joining various units of processing and need big rooms for storing them. the processors which are large give so much more then normal systems. this is the drawback as it is in the need of a cooling framework to cool down the system. it also requires programming to monitor on how it is utilized to identify failures and needs support of many of the staff members for supporting and administering it.
time of processing:
supercomputers are used in doing the calculations which are intensive. it requires more amount of time for finishing the entire process. it might take months to help cure a disease or support research. so, supercomputers can perform complicated calculations but takes lots of time for processing the outcomes.
thus, these are the advantages and disadvantages of using a supercomputer.









 



an introduction to cyber security

june 9, 2020
michael larkin
computer systems cyber security




in today’s world cyber threats and attacks are growing daily. this is the main reason cyber security has gained the highest importance. along with the improved techniques used for cyber security, even attackers have started using more and more sophisticated techniques. through these techniques, they are successfully attacking target systems. today almost all internet users are impacted by cyber-attacks including individuals, large organizations, and small-scale businesses. this is the reason along with it firms even non-it firms have completely understood the importance of cyber security. they have started adopting all possible measures to handle this cyber security issue.
since today’s cyber-attacks have become common, it is recommended that employees, as well as organizations, should take proper measures to deal with it. today, it is impossible to avoid internet usage and employees should connect each and everything to the internet. this is one of the main reasons organizations are exposed to more and more flaws, breaches, and vulnerabilities. today, it is not enough to use a password for protecting a system and data. hence every internet use should think about cyber security to avoid cyber-attacks.
understanding cyber security
cyber security can be understood as a combination of processes and techniques used for protecting sensitive data. to get really into it, it is worth checking out some interesting research on cyber security. through cyber security you can give the highest protection to your computers, software applications installed, and to the network and protect them from cyber-attacks. here cyber-attacks include many kinds of threats. some of the cyber-attacks can be:
complete exploitation of resourcesgetting unauthorized access to any target system and trying to access sensitive informationtampering computer systems and trying to store some data within these systemsusage of ransomware attacks and trying to encrypt dataextorting money from victims by accessing sensitive information or their accountsdisturbing businesses functions and processes through random attacks
these are common types of cyber-attacks. but the problem with them is, these attacks are becoming more and more innovative. even though the highest security, these cyber-attacks have successfully hacked systems through breaching security. hence businesses are experiencing challenging situations and security analysts are working day to day to overcome these cyber-attacks. it is not easy to fight back with these sophisticated cyber-attacks. before trying to handle these threats businesses should understand the existing attacks and threats. after that, they take the right measures to handle these cyber-attacks.
ransomware
this is one of the file encryption software programs. ransomware makes use of a unique robust encryption algorithm for encrypting files on the target system. the authors here generate a decryption key that is unique for the target system and they successfully save it in the remote server. so, users will fail to access their files even when they use any possible application.
but, ransomware authors utilize this advantage and they demand some amount from victims for providing decryption code. but, even after paying the amount, there is no guarantee about the recovery of data.
botnets attacks
this was initially designed for executing some specific tasks assigned within groups. this can be understood as a network of devices which are connected for executing some task. but, later attackers started using it for hacks. they started attempting attacks and through that injected malicious codes. stealing confidential data, spreading some kind of spam mails, and ddos attacks are some of the best examples for botnets attacks.
this type of attack is usually targeted against large businesses. the main reason behind this is, they usually own a large amount of data. through botnets attacks, it is possible to control a large number of devices. hackers take advantage of this for their evil motives.
social engineering attacks
this is one of the most common tactics used by the majority of cybercriminals today. through this attack, hackers can gather sensitive information from the user’s account. these attacks are executed by tricking some attractive advertisements and huge offers. once you feed your data along with a bank account, they utilize it. information entered like this is used for identity fraud.
cryptocurrency hijacking
in the world of cyber-attacks cryptocurrency hijacking is a new addition. since mining and digital currency are grabbing everybody’s attention, cybercriminals are taking advantage of this as well. through complex computing, they can mine virtual currencies like litecoin, monero, ethereum, and bitcoin. the majority of the cryptocurrency traders and investors are suffering from such attacks.
cryptocurrency hijacking is now referred to as “cryptojacking”. through this program, hackers can inject mining codes to the target system quietly. after entering the system they use gpu, cpu, and power resources as well for mining cryptocurrency. in the majority of the cases, hackers have used this technique in mining monero coins. mining is not an easy process and it is completely complex and hence it utilizes most of the cpu resources. because of this, along with losing monero coins, the victim may also get huge electricity and internet bill. more than that, mining can reduce the lifespan of the affected device.
conclusion
these are some of the common cyber-attacks happening today. apart from this, there are many more cyber-attacks you can list out. every cyber-attacks cost and it is dangerous, especially in large organizations.









 



what is a computer system?

april 17, 2019
michael larkin
computer systems optimizing computer systems uncategorized




the interface of our modern technology is made up of complex and complicated systems which are more or less user friendly and has the ability to utilize different services. computer system refers to a set of multiple devices, components or systems which are designed to provide critical services in a consistent and timely manner under differing operating conditions. a computer system should be able to meet its desired objectives whether it is in a state of normal or under hostile environment.
purposes 
in layman’s language a computer system is a set of various hardware and software components that are required for it to function appropriately. an average user will definitely think of desktops and laptops which is absolutely correct however there is more. the main function of a computer is providing working resources that are able to satisfy our needs and objectives. there are different types of computer system available today. computer systems are designed to handle different kinds of complication including security and power failure. they are preinstalled with security protocols such as restoration software, virus protection.
buying a computer system 
a computer system entails the computer itself along with the other peripherals. shopping for the best computer system can be a challenge for us especially those who are still new to computers. when buying a computer system it is important that you get a good understanding of the technical specifications. these include factors like processing speed and storage capacity. with the overwhelming number of technological innovations available in the market, choosing the right system is not an easy task. you need to check the kind operating system the computer is compatible with. the next factor that you need to consider is your budget. always make sure that the computer that you purchase is within your budget requirements keeping in mind that the price of the computer depends on the technological specifications.
in case you are not familiar with the technological components of a computer then it may be recommended for one to seek the advice of an expert. in order to get the best computer system it is highly recommended for one to be informed of their needs. don’t forget to get an antivirus software to help you troubleshoot some of the challenges that are associated with a computer system.
boosting speed of a computer 
through time the speed of the computer reduces or slows down. this is evident when the computer starts to consume a lot of time when loading files, folders and websites. in case you start to experience such kinds of problems then just know that your computer is trying to tell you that there is a problem somewhere. sometimes it may be a virus that is slowing down your computer or even dust that is creating blockages in your hardware component. the best way to speed up your computer system is the clean any junk files on your computer. make sure that the hardware components especially internal storage is sufficient. scan your computer for viruses, make sure that you are using a good antivirus software.









 



what does a computer systems analyst do?

october 16, 2018
trong phan
computer systems computer systems analyst it systems




a computer system analyst is one of the most important persons in a modern organization and is currently seen as an indispensable professional to understand the computer system and solving its problem by using information technology. in today’s world it goes without saying that the backbone of any large organization is its computer system. it is only through a well established computer system that an organization effectively analyzes levels of efficiency and implementation of procedures in order to streamline the entire operations of the company. 
in very small organizations the case may not be so as the business manager can look after day to day operation of the business and manage and judge the staff working there manually or with little computerization. it is only when these businesses scale to higher levels and faces new challenges that it becomes imperative to install a good computer system so as to save time and cut costs. in this context, an organization hires a computer system analyst to do a thorough analysis of the business with the help of its business manager or business analyst to design the whole of its information system so that the business operates without any problems as effectively as possible. 
does your organization need an it system?

the first thing that a professional computer system analyst would dwell would be whether the organization needs an it or information technology system or not. even small businesses initially may do things with limited computer application in certain areas of its business, yet when it aims to make a big leap in both investment and manpower for greater production or roll out of services then it would need to have a good and efficient it system and an equally reliable team of computer professionals. 
either the computer analyst may initiate an entirely new one or may consult with the organization’s business manager to reconfigure or overhaul the existing system. with the inputs from business analyst of the organization, the computer system analyst would prepare an estimate of cost and benefits so that the business analyst would be able to select. 
in carrying out such a cost analysis the computer system analyst would also provide for cost of an older technology or the latest among the emerging systems. in this way the business analyst would be able to make a budget for the same. further, the management of the business would be able to decide whether such costs are worth it. 
once things are finalized and approved the computer system analyst starts to design and develop by adding new configurations and functionality to the already installed computer system by choosing the right kind of hardware and software. 
overseeing and customizing of computer system
a computer system analyst would oversee the entire installation process of hardware and software although they may actually not develop the same on their own. all of these would be done in conjunction with the top management of the organization and would be finished during the set time frame. 
the computer system analyst would involve in both cost analysis and design development and would develop the work flow chart by taking into consideration the different staff inputs at various points along the whole operation process of the organization. this would enable the organization to have better control of its operations, finance and marketing endeavors. in order to achieve this, computer systems analyst use a wide variety of techniques. 
they design flow chart and diagrams beforehand so that the software technologists and programmers can trace as to how to proceed and work accordingly with their inputs. if and when a problem arises during this task then the computer system analyst helps them and guides them. 
the analysts then check periodically the effectiveness of the data and information the trends in data with extensive tests. this allows them to make informed fast decision and helps them further in making the system more efficient and high performing. 
general computer system analyst to specialists
most computer system installed in organizations requires only a general computer system analyst. some analysts specialize on the basic level and may be job specific like specializing in engineering system or finance system. they do these work specific to the requirement of the organization. they may even train the it team of the organization and help installation of it system from a to z. since, they supervise such efforts they are also often called it project managers. 
there are also computer system analysts who specialize in certain level of tasks that are of great importance to an organization. for instance a system designer or architect specializes in analyzing and giving guidance to organization to choose a specific type of hardware or software system. this they do by studying the business goal of the organization and then offer solutions for the same with proper planning. they help the management in achieving short and long term objectives with the help of their specific computer system. 
then there are software quality assurance analysts that run tests on designs they had made on the organization’s computer system. they analyze the risks and mistakes and convey the same to the management and then provide solutions for the same. 
thirdly, there are programmer analysts that generally upgrade their systems and then create new applications to suit the needs of organizations. they are a little different than other analysts because they engage in a lot of coding and debugging. specialists are often needed for businesses that are highly dependent on information technology. this is the case for most dating apps that help people find a fuck buddy and hook up. a dating service that isn’t reliant on an app or website might not require more than a general systems analyst.
overall outlook and prospects
there is little doubt that the futures of computer system analysts are bright. currently, the job requirements and demand in employment of these professionals far exceeds the supply of them. in fact, they are also the most sought after when compared to other jobs available in any other fields all over the world. 
there will be greater reliance on part of industries foraging into health care, newer type of technological industries. in fact, the areas of cloud computing, mobile networks as well as wireless systems there are going to be phenomenal growth and therefore huge requirements for such professionals. 
not in least they are also among the highest paid professionals when compared to experts in other industries. 



















pen computer solutions © 2025. all rights reserved.


powered by wordpress. theme by alx.















