










wine & spirits importer | francoli usa














        skip to main content
      
















 




nicola@francoliusa.com







































main navigation



                        home 
                                  
                        portfolio 
            
                        wine 
            
                        antica hirpinia aglianico 
                                  
                        antica hirpinia falanghina 
                                  
                        antica hirpinia fiano di avellino 
                                  
                        antica hirpinia greco di tufo 
                                  
                        antica hirpinia taurasi 
                                  
                        becco reale montepulciano d'abruzzo 
                                  
                        becco reale pecorino 
                                  
                        bertolani lambrusco oro 
                                  
                        di carlo recastro primitivo 
                                  
                        fornarino prosecco 
                                  
                        i masoletti pinot grigio 
                                  
                        menhir n° zero 
                                  
                        menhir quota 31 
                                  
                        pietra anna 
                                  
                        pietra pass-o 
                                  
                        pietra primitivo susumaniello 
                                  
                        pietra rosato 
                                  
                        pietra salice salentino 
                                  
                        pietra susumaniello 
                                  
                        pietra verdeca 
                                  
                        poggio  basso  primitivo 
                                  
                        poggio basso brunello di montalcino 
                                  
                        poggio basso chianti classico riserva 
                                  
                        poggio basso chianti classico 
                                  
                        poggio basso chianti 
                                  
                        fortified wine 
            
                        antichi baronati marsala dry 
                                  
                        antichi baronati marsala sweet 
                                  
                        casa martelletti vermouth di torino classico 
                                  
                        casa martelletti vermouth di torino dry 
                                  
                        spirits 
            
                        aperitivo d'amante 
                                  
                        grappi chamomile grappa 
                                  
                        luigi francoli amaro 
                                  
                        luigi francoli fernet 
                                  
                        luigi francoli grappa di moscato 
                                  
                        luigi francoli grappa di nebbiolo 
                                  
                        luigi francoli grappa di riesling 
                                  
                        roberto cavalli vodka 
                                  
                        santa marta amaretto 
                                  
                        santa marta caffé espresso 
                                  
                        santa marta limoncello 
                                  
                        santa marta sambuca 
                                  
                        francoli u.s.a. 
                                  
                        contact 
                                  
















search










































win big with a small investment at these online casinos
tin 2024, $20 deposit casino in australia continues to be a popular choice among online gamblers. this minimum deposit amount offers a variety of benefits for players, including affordability, flexibility, and accessibility. with a low deposit requirement of $20, players can enjoy a wide range of casino games without breaking the bank. additionally, this deposit amount allows players to test out new casinos or games without committing to a larger deposit. furthermore, $20 casinos offer the convenience of quick and easy deposit options, making it easier for players to start playing their favorite games right away. with the rising popularity of online gambling in australia, $20 deposit casinos are becoming the go-to choice for many players looking for a budget-friendly and exciting gaming experience. for more information on the best $20 deposit casinos in australia, visit monty casinos.












wine & spirits importer























  we are francoli usa
  fine wine & spirits
  featuring some of the most distinctive wines and spirits in the world.
read more


  character
  culture of integrity
  "goodness is about character - integrity, honesty, kindness,
generosity, moral courage, and the like. more than anything 
else, it is about how we treat other people." -  dennis prager

read more



  strong work ethic
  pride and tradition
  "age appears to be best in four things; old wood best to burn, old wine 
to drink, old friends to trust, and old authors to read." -francis bacon

read more








 


















we explore the great regions of italy to discover unique wines & spirits our wineries and distillers 
francoli usa visits hundreds of locations to taste regional cuisines and perfectly paired wines. we meet wonderfully passionate people who teach us the magic of aperitivo and digestivo, a tradition that makes delicious dining events memorable from start to finish. 






 















luigi francoli


a zero impact distillery: luigi francoli grappa is made at the first zero impact distillery. the heat sources used in the distillation process are obtained from combustion plant fuels that provide a neutral budge of carbon dioxide. any carbon dioxide emissions due to the company’s business activities are compensated by reforestation. the carbon dioxide absorbed by the growing trees makes up for the amount emitted by the company.


read more  


  contact
                










 










casa martelletti


produced following an ancient tradition and original recipe. casa martelletti, born in cocconato d’asti, in the 1700s.



read more  


  contact
                










 










nottola azienda agricola


the prestigious collaboration with the important wine maker, mr. riccardo cotarella, gave our wines character and agreeability.


read more  


  contact
                










 










antichi baronati


the antichi baronati wine estate was founded in 1860 by don diego rallo, focusing on marsala wine production. 


read more  


  contact
                










 



















our portfolio quality and reputation 
we are a passionate and progressive wine and spirits importer; we represent some of the finest wineries and distilleries of italy. discover our eclectic and diverse portfolio. 











all
antichi baronati
casa martelletti
fornarino
grappi
i masoletti
luigi francoli
poggio basso











 











di carlo


 di carlo recastro primitivo










 











becco reale


 becco reale montepulciano d'abruzzo










 











bertolani


 bertolani lambrusco oro










 











becco reale


 becco reale pecorino










 











antica hirpinia


 antica hirpinia falanghina









 



























 



                     resources                  
tech sheets & shelf talkers














 



                     distributors                  
us distribution by state














 



 product details  
bottle images, descriptions, tasting notes and accolades





















fun facts 
statistics about wine and grape production in italy 










1
wine producing country











4000
italian wine history age











225
cases exported across the world (millions)











30
% of igp (“protected geographical information”)






















reviews, accolades, and press 

















presidente di francoli usa inc, nicola angiuli si occupa di vini da sempre. in quest'intervista racconta la sua collaborazione con cantine spinelli. president of francoli usa inc, nicola angiuli talks about his collaboration with spinelli wineries.

 


cantine spinelli
intervistato









 



















news about us 






 

 see the amazing house of celine dion that will leave you with your mouth open 
primitivo  / 13 august 19 
we have seen spectacular hollywood star houses but the house of celine dion in florida is more than a villa.



 


 lake como 
prosecco  / 20 june 18 




 


 montepulciano 
vino nobile di montepulciano  / 18 june 18 





views all


 







our gallery 


























































 



















 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 
































simplenews subscription




        stay informed - subscribe to our newsletter.
        




email


      the subscriber's email address.
    



















about

at francoli usa, we take pride in all we do.  from the quality assurance of our products to educating sales teams, proprietors, and consumers on our exceptional portfolio.  being a native italian, i take a personal interest in importing and providing only the best.  our products can be enjoyed not only with italian cuisine but with many american and international dishes as well.  i hope you become as passionate about our products as we are. - nicola angiuli, president








link footer



about us
 terms & conditions
 privacy policy
portfolio

 







twitter block

tweets by @francoliusa







contact info


contact us to for more product information, to find our retailers and distributors, and distribution oppurtunities.

 2010 n tustin st # f, orange, ca 92865 
(714) 974-0322
 nicola@francoliusa.com 




























© copyright francoli usa 2017,  all rights reserved.
















