














moms angels























moms angels



a place for my mome










home
baby's development
celebrities
motherhood
health n safety
pregnancy n birth
















appendicitis




1 comments





labels:
appendicitis,
disease,
health n safety,
healthy baby answers,
mothers,
new mothers,
new parents,
parenting,
safety,
surgery

























definition: inflammation of the appendix in the large
intestine.




note: whenever a child complains of severe abdominal pains, it is likely that the parent is concerned that the child may
have appendicitis. if abdominal pain develops suddenly and the child
continues to complain, the doctor should be contacted. it is impor-
tant that the diagnosis of this condition be established early to avoid
having the appendix rupture, which causes more serious problems for
the child.




1. how did this condition develop in my child?


the appendix is a leftover of development where the small and large
bowel are joined in the right lower quadrant of the child’s abdomen.
it is hollow, and it opens into the large bowel. the opening is small
and susceptible to being clogged by a stool ball (called a fecalith), or
it can swell shut when the child has a viral illness somewhere else in
the body. the opening of the appendix is surrounded with the same
lymphoid tissue that swells in your child’s neck when he or she gets a viral illness. the appendix normally has bacteria in its hollow center
that are evacuated with the stool. if the opening is blocked, however,
the bacteria continue to grow but cannot escape. pressure builds up,
and the bacteria can invade the wall of the appendix, weakening it. if
left untreated, the appendix can “rupture,” spilling the infection into
the wider abdomen.










2. are there further tests to be done to more fully
establish the diagnosis?


the most common test is a ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis.
sometimes a sonogram can also identify appendicitis. there is no
single test (or combination of tests) that is 100 percent accurate, so
the decision to perform an appendectomy is based on a combination
of blood and urine tests, radiology images like a ct scan, and examination by an experienced surgeon. sometimes, if the diagnosis is in
doubt, your child may be admitted to the hospital for a period of
observation and/or repeat testing.




3. what is the treatment for this condition?


the definitive treatment is to remove the appendix with an operation. this may be done through an incision in the right lower quad-
rant of the abdomen or with a laparoscope (which uses three small
incisions, one of which is in the belly button). if the appendix has
already ruptured and a pus pocket (abscess) has formed around it, the
best treatment may be to drain the pus and treat the child with antibiotics first and remove the appendix later (sometimes six weeks later).
many children require intravenous fluids and antibiotics for several
hours prior to the operation so they tolerate the anesthesia better.












4. what complications can occur as a result of this
condition if left untreated?


the complication that everyone worries about is rupture. if a child has
a nonruptured appendix removed, he or she can usually be discharged
home without antibiotics in one to two days after the operation. if the
appendix has ruptured, however, the child will need five to seven days
of intravenous antibiotics after the operation and additional oral
antibiotics at home. even then, children are at much higher risk for
abscess formation (usually forms about a week after the appendectomy), which may require drainage with another procedure.




5. what, where, and by whom should the surgery to
correct this condition be performed?


the appendectomy is usually performed by a pediatric surgeon in smaller
children and by a pediatric or adult general surgeon in teenagers. it must
be done in a full service hospital, not a day surgery center.




6. if surgery is necessary, what are the potential
complications that can occur?


local infections in the skin incisions can occur. this appears as bright
redness extending more than one-half inch from the edges of the incision
or pus draining from the incision. local infection is treated by removing
the outer layer of stitches to allow the area to drain and by antibiotics.




     an abscess (a pus pocket formed deep in the abdomen) can occur
about a week after an appendectomy for ruptured appendicitis.
formation of an abscess is rare after an appendectomy for nonruptured
appendicitis. the abscess is almost always discovered prior to the child
going home. if the child still has fever, severe pain, and/or persistently
abnormal blood tests greater than one week after the operation, a repeat ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis may be done to check for
an abscess. if one is found, one of three treatments will likely be
recommended: continued iv antibiotics (for smaller abscesses),
drainage by the radiologist using a ct scan for guidance (with the
child asleep, a small catheter is inserted into the abscess and left in
place until it resolves), or (rarely) another operation for drainage of
abscesses that cannot be reached safely by the radiologist.










7. when do you wish to see my child again regarding
this condition?


if the appendix did not rupture, one visit to the surgeon two to three
weeks after discharge home is sufficient. most children will be allowed
to return to sports or physical education classes after this visit. if the
appendix ruptured, an additional visit may be necessary after all
antibiotics have been completed. 
















respected readers:
need your help to keep the site up and running. please donate ! any help is appreciated.














anemia




1 comments





labels:
anemia,
disease,
health n safety,
healthy baby answers,
hematology,
mothers,
new mothers,
new parents,
parenting,
safety
























definition: a condition of reduced red blood cells in
the circulatory system.




note: this is always a worrisome condition in childhood. anemia can make children sluggish and decrease their capacity
to perform. there is no reason why the cause of anemia cannot be
fully established and appropriate treatment rendered if necessary.




1. what causes this condition to occur in my child?


anemia occurs when there are not enough red blood cells to meet the
needs of the child. red blood cells carry oxygen to the various parts
of the body. there are three reasons why a child may become anemic.


the first cause is bleeding. if the child is losing red blood cells from
the body, whether it is from chronic nosebleeds or from bleeding in
the gastrointestinal tract, eventually the red blood cell count will go
down, and the child could become anemic.




     the second reason why a child may become anemic is if the body is
unable to produce sufficient amounts of red blood cells. the most
common reason in childhood is a lack of sufficient iron in the diet. this occurs most frequently in children between the ages of one and two who
have had a diet made up primarily of cow’s whole milk. if the child is
not getting sufficient iron in the diet, then the child is not able to make
sufficient red blood cells. this can result in severe anemia. 



     the third reason why a child may become anemic would be if the
red blood cells that the child produced do not survive in the body for
a normal period of time. normally, once red blood cells are made, the
red blood cells will last in the body for approximately three months.
there are a number of conditions that could cause the red blood cells
to break down earlier than normal. in general, these are called
hemolytic anemias. there are many different types of hemolytic
anemia. some types are inherited and are not correctable. some types
occur after certain viral illnesses and will eventually get better.










2. what tests are needed to better define the condition?


the first step is to measure the amount of hemoglobin and red cells in
the body. then, the physician or the laboratory technician will look
at the red blood cells under the microscope. this will often give the
physician a clue as to what is causing the anemia.




     the physician then might order a number of different tests to deter-
mine the diagnosis. for instance, if the physician feels that the child
may be losing blood, the physician may order special tests on the stool
to look for any signs of blood. the physician also might want to
measure the amount of iron in your child’s body. there are many tests
that can better define the reasons for anemia.




3. how is it treated, and is it correctable?


the treatment for anemia depends on its cause. if the anemia is due
to bleeding, then the cause for the bleeding must be determined, and corrective action will be taken. if the anemia is due to an insufficient
amount of iron in the diet, then the patient will be placed on supple-
mental iron, and often a change in diet is warranted. some types of
anemia are not correctable, though the most common forms of anemia
are easily correctable.











4. are there any potential side effects of the treatment?


there is always the possibility of side effects with any treatment, but
in general, the treatment of anemia is well tolerated. certain oral iron
preparations may cause some temporary discoloration of the teeth or
some belly pains or some constipation. often, the physician can
change the type of iron supplementation to meet your child’s needs.




5. what symptoms will my child have as a result of
the condition?


in general, the symptoms of anemia are not seen in childhood until
the anemia is fairly severe. the signs of anemia generally include
fatigue and lack of energy.




6. do we need to consult a hematologist (blood
disorder specialist)?


most pediatricians are able to diagnose and treat the more common
causes of anemia in childhood. sometimes the pediatrician will request a
consultation from a pediatric hematologist for advice in treating anemia.




7. how often will my child need to be tested in the
future to see if the condition is improving?


this depends on the cause of the anemia. if the anemia is due to iron
deficiency, then the child will be tested several times in the first year or two to make sure that the condition is improving. in other cases of
anemia, the scheduling for repeat testing will depend on the cause of
the anemia.










8. when do you wish to see my child again regarding
this disorder?


the frequency of visits to the doctor for the treatment of anemia will
depend upon the cause of the anemia. in general, several trips to the
doctor will be required in the first six months to a year if the anemia
is due to iron deficiency. 
















respected readers:
need your help to keep the site up and running. please donate ! any help is appreciated.














acne




0
comments





labels:
acne,
dermatology,
disease,
health n safety,
healthy baby answers,
mothers,
new mothers,
new parents,
parenting,
safety
























definition: a chronic inflammatory disease of the
sebaceous (oil) glands characterized by pimples and pustules occurring primarily
on the face, back, and chest.



note: there is no need for a teenager to grow up with
severe scarring due to acne. today there are good treatments that can
minimize the long-term cosmetic ill effects caused by this condition.




1. what causes this condition to occur in my child?


acne is triggered by hormone changes in adolescence. children
with acne have oil (sebaceous) glands that tend to produce more
sebum (oil). they also have pores that tend to plug more easily.
these plugs are made of sebum and dead skin cells. when the pore
becomes plugged, bacteria are trapped in the pore, and the pore
becomes inflamed, resulting in a pimple. genetics also plays a role,
and some families are more prone to develop acne than others.
unlike what many people think, acne is not due to dirt or not
washing your face enough.



















2. is there any way to predict how bad it will get?


signs that a child may develop more severe acne include earlier age of
onset, family history, and being male. as a general rule, males tend to
have more severe acne than females. the earlier acne starts (i.e.,
before age thirteen), the more severe it may be. children prone to
develop bad acne often have family members who had severe or scar-
ring acne. the presence of deeper, tender, cyst-type acne lesions or
scarring is a sign of more severe acne, and children with these signs
should seek treatment early.




3. what can i do to prevent it from getting worse?


face washing is not enough. the best thing you can do is to start
treatment early. in general, it takes eight weeks for any acne treatment
to start working, so if you do not see any improvement from your
child’s over-the-counter acne treatment after eight weeks, you may
need to consider prescription treatment. your child should avoid squeezing pimples; this makes the pore
more inflamed and increases the risk of scarring. children should also
not scrub their faces harshly or use abrasive cleansers, since this can
inflame the skin more. things that touch or fit tightly against the skin
can plug pores, so your child should keep his or her hair, hands, head-
bands, caps, hair products (gels, hair sprays, etc.), and sports gear off
of the face, forehead, shoulders, and back as much as possible.



products (moisturizers, sunscreens, cosmetics) used on the face and
body should be oil free and noncomedogenic (proven not to cause
acne). if possible, teens should avoid jobs in places such as fast food
restaurants or auto shops, where the skin will be in contact with oil or
grease that can aggravate acne.












4. does diet affect acne?


this is an area of much debate. in general, there are no specific foods
that are proven to worsen acne. it is always a good idea to limit junk
food as much as possible, but this may not have any bearing on your
child’s acne. if there is one particular food that consistently seems to
worsen your child’s acne, then avoiding that food may help.




5. what skin cleanser should be used?


a mild, nonabrasive, nondrying cleanser applied with clean hands or
a clean washcloth and warm (not hot) water once or twice daily is
recommended. for acne, medicated cleansers containing either
benzoyl peroxide or salicylic acid can be used, but they may cause skin
irritation or dryness, especially if used in combination with prescription acne medications. astringents are usually not needed, but may be
helpful for teenagers with very oily skin.




6. what about retin a, benzoyl peroxide, and topical
antibiotics?


retinoids (tretinoin [retin a, renova, or avita], adapalene
[differin], and tazarotene [tazorac]) are vitamin a–derived medica-
tions and are some of the most effective acne medications that we
have. they come in cream or gel forms. retinoids gently exfoliate the
dead skin cells and prevent the first step of acne formation, which is
the plugging of the pores. by keeping the pores open, pimple formation is prevented. retinoids are effective for all types of acne lesions. like most acne
medications, they are best used on a consistent basis on the entire
acne-prone area (rather than spot-treating individual pimples only).
using the medication on all acne-prone areas helps to prevent future pimples from forming. retinoids work well alone or in combination
with other therapies but should be applied sparingly and no more than
once daily to limit dryness and irritation, which are common side
effects. because they can make the skin more sensitive to the sun,
sunscreens and sun protection should be used. they should not be
used by teens who are pregnant.











     benzoyl peroxide is another standard acne therapy. like the
retinoids, it is effective for all types of acne lesions and may be used
alone or in combination with other therapies. it has antibacterial as
well as antiplugging effects. benzoyl peroxide is available as a wash or
as a leave-on topical (a cream or gel applied to the skin). dryness is a
common side effect and can usually be prevented by applying a gentle
moisturizer and stopping the medication for a few days. some individuals may develop a skin allergy to this medication, so if severe redness
or irritation develop, you should consult your child’s doctor. benzoyl
peroxide may bleach clothing, towels, or bedding.




     topical antibiotics decrease the acne-causing bacteria
(propionibacterium acnes) on the skin but have no effect on plugging of
the pores. they work best for inflammatory acne (red bumps, pus
bumps, and cysts). it is best not to use topical antibiotics alone as a
single therapy. using topical antibiotics in combination with a
retinoid or benzoyl peroxide improves the effectiveness of the medications and makes it less likely that the acne bacteria will develop resist-
ance to the antibiotic over time.




7. what about oral antibiotics?


for teenagers with severe inflammatory acne that does not respond to
topical therapy alone, oral antibiotics can be very helpful. as with
topical antibiotics, oral antibiotics do not prevent plugging of the pores, so they are not helpful for non inflamed acne lesions, such as black-
heads, and are best used in combination with a retinoid or benzoyl
peroxide. they should not be used alone as the only acne therapy.











     the most commonly used oral antibiotic is the tetracycline family
(tetracycline, doxycycline, or minocycline). in general, oral antibiotics are used for a period of several months until the acne is improved
and can be controlled with topical medications alone, but use for
longer periods of time may be required for some individuals. courses
of less than one month are generally not effective.




      these medications are usually well tolerated but can cause nausea
if taken on an empty stomach. they can also cause sun sensitivity,
so sun protection and sunscreen use is important when taking these
medications. for females, taking any oral antibiotic can increase the
likelihood of developing a vaginal yeast infection; signs of this
include vaginal itching or irritation and a whitish discharge. oral
tetracyclines should not be taken if your child is pregnant. it is
common for teenagers to prefer the convenience of oral antibiotics,
so they may be tempted to stop their topical medications. for best
results, it is very important that they continue using their other
medications as prescribed.




8. what about accutane (oral isotretinoin)?


oral isotretinoin (accutane) is the most potent medication currently
available for acne. because this medication can cause birth defects if
taken by a pregnant female and because laboratory monitoring is
required, this medication should be reserved for severe acne only. it is
most effective for severe cystic or scarring acne that has failed to
respond to at least three months of maximal combination therapy (oral
antibiotic plus a topical retinoid and another topical medication). all patients must be entered into a registry by a physician registered to use
this medication, and females must use two methods of birth control to
prevent pregnancy. it is not effective for females with hormonal types
of acne, such as acne related to polycystic ovary syndrome.










9. when should we consider a dermatologist?


if your child’s acne has not responded to over-the-counter therapy or
to the medications prescribed by his or her primary care physician,
consultation with a dermatologist would be recommended. if your
child has severe or scarring acne, if severe acne runs in your family, or
if your child develops significant acne at a very young age, you may
want to consider seeing a dermatologist sooner.




10. when do you want to see my child again
regarding this condition?


because most acne therapies require a minimum of eight weeks to
start working, follow-up two to three months after starting therapy is
generally recommended. earlier follow-up may be needed if prob-
lems, such as irritation or other medication side effects, develop. a
temporary worsening of the acne four to six weeks after starting
treatment is not uncommon and is considered normal; medications
should be continued, and the acne typically gets better over the next
several weeks. 
















respected readers:
need your help to keep the site up and running. please donate ! any help is appreciated.














undescended testicle(s)




1 comments





labels:
disease,
health n safety,
healthy baby answers,
mothers,
new mothers,
new parents,
parenting,
safety,
undescended testicle(s),
urology
























definition: when one or both testicles do not
descend completely into the scrotum.




1. what caused this condition?


there are many theories as to what causes an undescended testis. some
include decreased intraabdominal pressure during the third trimester of
pregnancy to push the testis from the abdominal cavity to the scrotum.
some feel that there may be a decreased amount of male hormone such
as testosterone during the descent of the testis. however, there is no
unifying theory or answer to the cause of undescended testes.




2. is there a danger of sterility or any other problem
as a result of this condition?


if the testicle is undescended only on one side, the fertility rate is the
same as a normal population. if there is an undescended testis on both
sides, the most current data suggests that fertility is only approximately 65 percent to 70 percent. testis cancer risk is elevated in adult
men who have a history of an undescended testis.



















3. will an operation be necessary to correct this
condition and, if so, when?


if the testicle is not in the scrotum by approximately nine months of
age, then an operation is necessary to position the testicle in the
scrotum where it will grow and develop normally. if the testicle is
nonpalpable (cannot be felt on examination of the body), then the
operation is usually performed at approximately six months of age.




4. when do we need to consult a surgeon?


generally if a child has an undescended testis, we would like to see the child
at a time convenient for the family. any time between two and six months
of age is a good time to have a surgeon initially evaluate the situation.




5. are there any medicines that can be used to help
bring down the testicle(s)?


no.




6. are there any danger signs that i should look for?


yes. most boys who have an undescended testis have a small hernia that
coexists with the undescended testis. if there appears to be swelling or
tenderness in the groin area suggestive of a bulge or hernia, then this
would suggest that the surgery should be done immediately, as this type of
hernia can potentially damage or cause loss of the testicle. rarely an
undescended testis can twist (testis torsion) and cause swelling and pain.















7. following discharge from the hospital, when do
you wish to see my baby again?


after discharge, we would like to re-examine the baby in two to three
months. 
















respected readers:
need your help to keep the site up and running. please donate ! any help is appreciated.














seizures - neonatal




0
comments





labels:
disease,
health n safety,
healthy baby answers,
mothers,
neurology,
new mothers,
new parents,
parenting,
safety,
seizures - neonatal
























definition: convulsive fits or spasms during the first
month of life.




1. what is a seizure?


a seizure is a clinical event (episode) that is the result of excessive
activity of a group of nerve cells (neurons) in the brain. there are
many different types of seizures (staring, turning the body to one side,
jerking of the arms and legs, etc.). the type of seizure a baby has
depends upon the baby’s age and the part of the brain that the seizure
is coming from. also, the cause of the seizure may determine the type
of seizure a baby has.




2. what causes seizures in babies?


anything that can cause the brain not to work normally can cause a
seizure. common causes in babies include not getting enough blood and
oxygen to the brain, bleeding in the brain, infections of the brain,
strokes (when the blood flow to a part of the brain is cut off), metabolic
problems (such as low blood sugar or calcium), abnormalities in how the brain is formed, inherited problems, or drug withdrawal (such as if
the mother used certain drugs or alcohol during the pregnancy especially on a regular basis). there are other less common causes as well.










3. how are seizures treated, and how effective is the
treatment?


treatment depends upon the cause of the seizure. for example, if the
blood sugar is too low, giving sugar typically solves the problem.
sometimes it is necessary to give medication to stop the seizures. the
more commonly used medications include diazepam (valium),
lorazepam (ativan), phenobarbital, and phenytoin (dilantin). the
effectiveness of these medicines at stopping seizures is mainly
dependent upon the cause of the seizures. similarly, how long the baby
will need to stay on the medication(s) is often dependent on the cause
of the seizures.




4. are there any side effects to the medicines used in
the treatment?


like any medication, there is always the possibility of side effects. in
general, these medications are quite safe. the most common side
effect is sleepiness (sedation). this will usually go away once the baby
gets used to the medication (typically in three to seven days).




5. what potential harm can the seizures have, and
can they cause brain damage?


many times, it is the presence of brain damage (such as stroke, infection, bleeding in the brain, trauma, and malformations of the brain)
that cause the seizures. in these cases, it is the underlying problem
that causes brain damage, not the seizure. in some instances, however, especially if the seizures are very long (greater than fifteen to thirty minutes), or they are very frequent, they may cause brain damage.











6. what tests do we need to do to establish any
possible underlying cause?


what testing your baby may need will be determined by the circumstances around your baby’s seizures. it is likely that your baby will have
some blood and urine tests. if it is found that your baby has low blood
sugar and giving your baby some sugar solves the problem, then no
other testing may be needed. if the doctor is worried about infection,
it is likely that he or she will do a spinal tap. if the blood tests are
normal and there is not an obvious cause for the seizure, it is likely
that your doctor will want to look at your baby’s brain, either with a
ct or mri head scan. your doctor may also want to get a brain wave
test (electroencephalogram or eeg).




7. do you think that the seizures will recur, and what
are the possibilities that my baby will outgrow them? 

whether or not the seizures will recur is in large part due to the cause of the seizures. babies that have had lack of blood or oxygen to brain,
strokes, trauma, and conditions where the brain did not form normally
tend to have seizures that can be hard to stop and often come back later
in life. babies that are normal except for a family history of seizures in
early life or that have had low blood sugar or calcium as the cause of their
seizures often do very well, and the seizures typically do not come back.



8. do we need to consult with a neurologist?


this depends on the cause for the seizures. babies that have low blood
sugar or low calcium as the cause for their seizures do not typically need to be seen by a neurologist. when more serious conditions like
stroke, trauma, abnormalities in brain formation, or lack of oxygen
occur, follow-up with a neurologist is a good idea.










9. are there any precautions we need to take when
we go home, such as connecting my baby to an
apnea monitor?


in most cases, unless there are complicating problems (breathing
problems, swallowing problems, etc.), there is no need for special
monitoring or precautions. typically, treating your baby as you would
any other newborn is all that is needed.




10. when do you wish to see my child again
regarding this condition following discharge?


when your baby needs to return for follow-up will be dependent on
the cause of your baby’s seizures. normally, we will see your baby two
weeks after discharge from the hospital. if you see a neurologist in the
hospital, he or she will arrange for follow-up if needed. many times, if
follow-up is required, he or she will ask to see your baby one to three
months after discharge, but again, this will be determined in large part
by the cause of your baby’s seizures. 
















respected readers:
need your help to keep the site up and running. please donate ! any help is appreciated.















older posts





subscribe to:
posts (atom)






milestones

01-06 month milestones 

07-12 month milestones

13-18 month milestones

19-24 month milestones

25-30 month milestones

31-36 month milestones



explore



accidents


baby diet


baby news


celebrities


disease


fatherhood


healthy diet


mothers


neonatology


new borns


new mothers


new preganancy


new parents


parenting


planning pregnancy


preganancy weeks


pregnancy


safety


toddler


urology


working mothers





more from parenting




lung rupture (pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum)
                    definition: free air in the chest cavity.     1. what has caused this condition?   there was a tear or rupture in the ai...





meconium aspiration
                    definition: when the newborn or fetus inhales meconium (first stool) into the lower   respiratory tract.     1. what cau...










get pregnant faster: your 7-step plan
   go off your birth control -- ahead of time have you been popping those little white pills since high school? take a pass on your prescrip...










kids and smoking
 the health risks of tobacco are well known, but kids and teens  continue to smoke and use chewing tobacco. many young people pick up  these...










16 early signs of pregnancy
it's been a couple weeks since you did the deed, and now you're dying to know: am i pregnant?     you'll need a home pregnancy t...





cephalohematoma
                    definition: a swelling of the scalp caused by a hemorrhage under the outer layer of bone  in one area of the skull.     ...










is your child coloring walls?
  the handwriting  on the wall means i found crayons!!   how to prevent your child from coloring on the wall:   this will give you the simpl...










exercising during pregnancy
        keeping healthy while you are pregnant     is exercising bad during pregnancy? although you may not  feel like running a marathon, m...





kidney enlargement (hydronephrosis)
                    definition: swelling of the kidney as a result of obstruction to the flow of urine.   1. what caused this condition?   h...





rapid breathing (respiratory distress syndrome/transient tachypnea)
                    definition: rapid breathing in the early days of life due to immaturity of the lungs or   decreased absorption of fetal ...









 




support us















share























moms angels copyright  2011  all rights reserved | powered by amader it





