














home | alpine resort























































resortpackagesgolfweddings & special eventsdine

burton’s on the bayburton’s on the green
live musicactivitiessports club & yogaaboutbook a stayshopcontact

careers

















resortpackagesgolfweddings & special eventsdine

burton’s on the bayburton’s on the green
live musicactivitiessports club & yogaaboutshop 











stay. play. dine.
make memories at the alpine.


















a legacy lives on.


discovered and developed in 1921, the alpine was envisioned to be the perfect weekend getaway and an unforgettable golf destination – opening its doors to guests in 1922.

now, more than a century later, the legacy of the alpine continues under new stewardship with expanded and restored resort amenities, dedicated preservation of the natural surroundings, and a championship golf experience that can only be described as iconic.
about the alpine










get your alpine gear

now available online
elevate your wardrobe with our legacy golf polos, soft tees, crewnecks, hoodies, windbreakers and stylish headwear.
each piece of our alpine apparel is crafted with the utmost care, reflecting our dedication to premium quality, exceptional comfort, and timeless design.
stay up to date about new product launches and exclusive offers by subscribing to our newsletter or follow us on facebook and instagram.
shop now





















































play the alpine

breathtaking views
our iconic door county championship golf course overlooks green bay – offering breathtaking bluff views and challenging play from may to october. our signature 18th hole overlooking the bay is the most scenic in all of wisconsin.
learn about alpine golf



































stay & relax

your door county getaway awaits
we’ve charmed visitors year after year – since 1922. voted one of door county’s best lodging for best of door county 2023, our resort and leisure destination is the perfect vacation choice for families and nature-loving couples seeking a complete retreat or celebrating a special occasion.
to book a stay, call reservations at 920.868.3000. 
see what you’ll enjoy


























dining with a view

exceptional cuisine
we invite you to enjoy delicious cuisine at our waterfront restaurant burton’s on the bay – serving breakfast, lunch and dinner daily may through october. 
dine at our clubhouse restaurant burton’s on the green and enjoy classic american cuisine with views of our historic course november through may. hours vary seasonally.
view menus & hours




































find the alpine.

a scenic drive from green bay, milwaukee and chicago, the alpine resort provides an escape from daily life as you take in spectacular course views of green bay and the natural landscape.
for additional assistance with directions to alpine resort, call 920.868.3000.
directions









sign up for our newsletter.





email address*


 subscribe

























book a stay
shop
galleries
careers
press & media
facebook
instagram
linkedin
youtube
tripadvisor
yelp








resort: 7715 alpine rd, egg harbor, wi 54209
golf: 7670 horseshoe bay rd, egg harbor, wi 54209 
mailing: po box 619, egg harbor, wi 54209  
© 2025 alpine resort, inc. terms of use privacy policy








leave a review!
alpine resort | alpine golf | burton's on the bay | burton's on the green




































