





home - maramba river lodge | livingstone zambia

























































































		skip to content










 







home
about us
accommodation
activities
events
gallery
contact
 





reservationreservation 





 







 







main menu

 









home
about us
accommodation
activities
events
gallery
contact
 























welcome to maramba river lodge 



maramba river lodge is located just 4kms from the victoria falls and town, providing the perfect gateway from stale city life. the lodge sits on the maramba river, along the elephant corridor within the mosi-o-tunya national park, providing our guests extraordinary views.
home to various wildlife such as elephants, birds and hippos, our lodge is set apart from the rest by our restaurant with elephant views and fresh ingredients cooked to order paired with an international wine selection that is a sommelier’s dream.  a luxury suntracker motorboat for river safaris, and an extensive playground for children will assure guests a memorable experience.
under new management, maramba river lodge has been recently renovated. visitors can choose from well-appointed chalets or ‘glamp’ in luxurious tents. rise to an unforgettable sunrise and enjoy a moment of peace on the veranda or rest inside under a ceiling fan or air conditioning, explore the elephant corridor and wind down to an incredible sunset along the enchanting maramba river.
one with nature, maramba river lodge maintains a green policy that reduces plastic use, conserves energy and is one with zambia’s rare natural environment.
by visiting our lodge, you will be supporting our mission to uplift and empower the community through sustaining employment, as well as, the conservation of local wildlife, culture and traditions. 






book now















our rooms 














learn more
















safari double chalets 












family chalets 
















chalets 












tents 
















mopane house 



























comfortable rooms. 



our rooms are surrounded by a well-maintained garden and trees, providing the perfect environment to completely relax. cleaned daily, our high-quality beds guarantee a good night’s sleep. 







best food. 



maramba is known for providing quality food, and value for money. we have one of the best chefs in town, bringing together various different flavours to produce delicious, mouth-watering meals. our top rated meal is the maramba mighty burger. 







quality service. 



we take pride in having one of the best teams, providing great hospitality services and always ensuring our clients have the best experience during their stay 
























about  
maramba 







 
about us



















the lodge sits right by the river allowing guests to enjoy the scenario, as well as, their meals on a wooden deck overlooking the river while elephants, hippos and crocodiles splash around and wander through a carpet of blooming purple hyacinth. the restaurant is a favourite among the guests and locals because of its fresh, prepared to order selection. we provide comfortable, spacious and clean accommodation all year around. for the kids, we have one of the best indoor and outdoor play area catering to all ages. from an indoor soft play area to jumping castles and trampolines we can assure a fun packed holiday. 




















check in 14:00 pm  and check out time 10:00 am all rooms have en-suite facilities, have a mini bar, mosquito nets,  free tea and coffee and equipped with all the necessary amenities needed to make your stay comfortable.  







our accommodation 







 
book now
















our 
activities 







 
see activities



















we have activities which can be arranged in-house for you. the activities range from boat cruise, fishing, bird-watching, microlight, elephant café, quad bike rides, abseil activities, bungee activities and many more... 






 


 










 






facebook-f
 



instagram
 














support 






 
tel: (+26) 0213 324189 cell: (+26) 0976 587511 fax: (+26) 0213 323130 



 
reservations@marambariverlodge.com



 
po box 60957, mosi oa tunya road livingstone, zambia 






















copyright © 2022 maramba river lodge | livingstone zambia | powered by maramba river lodge | livingstone zambia 


























 





























