 








queens english society - english grammar basics







































skip to content





quick links
about
contact
commonly confused words list
 
 

 


queens, ny english society
english grammar basics





search for:



 
 



			menu

home
about
commonly confused words
 

 
 





welcome to queens english society! 

whether you are a student looking for language help, a full-time writer looking for inspiration, or a working professional looking to ensure the correct word choice, you are in the right place.
the queens, ny english society is a website dedicated to beginner and advanced english users. while our primary focus is basic english education, we have a variety of resources for writers of all skill levels. no matter your writing level, we welcome you.
don’t know where to start?
here are the basics of navigating this site.
our content is broken into categories based on the questions we receive from readers.

if you are trying to determine how to use a specific word, go to our confusing words section.
if you are a student looking for help in starting a career as a writer, see our guide to college writing programs.

we hope our website proves to be a helpful resource for you. we update it frequently, so be sure to check back often. if you have made a suggestion or asked a question in the past, there is a good chance it will be uploaded at some point in the future.
have a question?
as always, if you have any questions, let us know via our contact page. we answer questions as they come in, and are always happy to help.









search for:





recent posts


to vs. too vs. two – how to use each correctly


stationary vs. stationery – how to use each correctly


patients vs. patience – how to use each correctly


everyday vs. every day – how to use each correctly


dice vs. die – how to use each correctly


 


about
privacy policy
contact
 
	        copyright © queens, ny english society | all rights reserved 	      

proudly powered by wordpress
 | 
			education hub by wen themes 











