





join sparkamerica | sparkpeople



































main content


















live healthy & happy









learn

what's new 
nutrition

nutrition options:
nutrition basics
smart snacking
power foods
healthy cooking
dining out guide


fitness

fitness options:
exercise basics
workout ideas
motivation to move
cardio
strength & toning


motivation

motivation options:
get back on track
staying motivated
goal setting
inspiring stories


health & wellness

health & wellness options:
arthritis
cold & flu
depression
diabetes
gerd (heartburn)
healthy heart
high blood pressure
high cholesterol
irritable bowel syndrome (ibs)
pain management
seasonal allergies
sleep


weight loss
fitness videos
healthy family
pregnancy & postpartum
food database
lifestyle centers

lifestyle center options:
beauty & style
brides to-be
family wellness
gardening
healthy home
pet health
senior health
more


the sparkpeople blog
recipes






shop

kitchen
food
fitness & apparel
music



recipes






                	access hundreds of thousands of recipes that are healthy and easy to make. get full nutrition info for every recipe and track with one click!

                
visit sparkrecipes.com

















sparkpeople closed in august 2021. visit sparkamerica.com for our free new experience.




search
search
 site      recipes 


















sparkpeople's features, community and mobile apps closed on august 17, 2021. 

	we'd like to introduce you to sparkamerica, a new platform we hope you will join to help spread the spark to even more people! sparkamerica is a national movement and fitness challenge, where you can compete with cities across the nation, work toward personal growth and even win prizes! the ad-free site will also include a nutrition and fitness tracker, challenges, articles and recipes, along with many other features we are working to develop.
	
	

join sparkamerica now


	if you have any questions or problems, please email support@sparkpeople.com. 
	





more about sparkpeople closing

	we want to thank you for inviting us to be a part of your journey and for the privilege of earning your support and enthusiasm for the brand. sparkpeople's business model has always been free and was driven by advertiser support, a model that became difficult to maintain in recent years. with many larger technology companies emerging in the health and fitness space, we struggled to compete for the same advertising dollars that would keep the site online and alive. unfortunately, it costs many millions of dollars per year to run sparkpeople, and the burden eventually became too much.
	
	sparkamerica is part of our new business model, in which we work with companies and organizations to help keep their employees healthy with peopleone health. not only does this business model allow us to expand our health offerings to more people, but it also does a much better job of paying the bills and will likely allow us to hire more people over time to keep improving our tech offerings. we're very excited that we can open up our website and app for this business while keeping it free to help all individuals and organizations in the united states achieve their health and fitness goals.
	
















sparkpeople's features, community and mobile apps closed on august 17, 2021, along with its features and mobile apps. some of our articles and other content are still available to view. click here to learn more.
home  
| diet resources 	
| peopleone health
| sparkamerica					
| healthy recipes 
| exercise demos 
| calorie counter tool 
| sparkpeople blog

copyright sparkpeople, inc. 2025., all rights reserved

| terms and conditions 
| privacy policy 
| about our ads


sparkpeople, sparkcoach, sparkpages, sparkpoints, sparkdiet, sparkamerica, sparkrecipes, dailyspark, and other marks are trademarks of sparkpeople, inc. all rights reserved.  no portion of this website can be used without the permission of sparkpeople or its authorized affiliates. 
sparkpeople is a registered trademark of sparkpeople, inc. in the united states, european union, canada, and australia.  all rights reserved.
note: terms and conditions and privacy policy last updated on october 25, 2013














close

























