






higgins brick and tile company – quality clay products since 1927
































skip to content




higgins brick and tile company
quality clay products since 1927








home
about us
gallery
contact us







 
built on five generations of brick manufacturers-brick by brick
brick manufacturing consultants, historic preservation, bespoke  color and brick designers, we cater to interested manufacturers, architects and designers.
about us











welcome to higgins brick & tile 
higgins brick & tile company is a leading manufacturer consultant of architectural, commercial and residential brick products. founded in 1927, the higgins family has been an innovative force in the development of a dynamic industry.
higgins brick & tile grew from one of the largest brick manufacturers on the west coast to the premier brick manufacturing & architectural consulting firms. our bespoke designs are used by the best manufactures to reflect the the architectual communities most forward thinking designs.
our product line evolved from the red brick and tile of the early days, to a complete line of fired clay products. brick pavers, brick bullnose, facebrick, common building brick, modular brick, used brick, thin brick veneer and special shapes and sizes, all manufactured in a wide variety of colors.
higgins works with brick manufacturers, architects, designers, engineers, color consultants, contractors and a network of material distributors to insure great product selection and availability when you need it.
through the years, higgins is proud to have been a leader in the development of brick related building codes and technical advancements, working through our associations with wscpa, icbo, tms and astm to make brick a user-friendly product.
with over five billion brick equivalents produced through the years, higgins has been helping to build california, one brick at a time!





















	copyright © 2025 higgins brick and tile company















