



 the honorary consulate of jamaica

























home
duties
links
passports/forms
visas
events
contact us






the honorary consulate of jamaica
jamaican consulate chicago





	
			﻿




 

lester barclay, esq, honorary consul of jamaica, chicago, illinois







uncategorized 

 comments turned off 



			
				welcome			
		






welcome to the jamaican consulates website in  chicago. i am lester barclay, esq, consul at chicago and adjoining areas. our aim is to provide the  highest quality of service to all.
from time to time we will update this site in an  effort to provide our over 60,000 jamaican nationals and other residents with  the best information available. we hope you find the information to the various  links useful to your business or individual needs. this is our way of extending  you unmatched service. we consider it a distinct privilege to serve you.
volunteers
please join us in our drive to reach out and help the less fortunate among us needing children’s homes and places of safety in jamaica.  together our efforts will make a difference.
news
emerging small medical devices by lloyd l. hyde
technology horizon by lloyd l. hyde
medical instrumentation by lloyd l. hyde
a travel letter from chicago seacoast voyage by lloyd l. hyde
charity begins at home

contact the author for your organization’s and/or institution’s speaking engagement needs.
annual events
each year during the second weekend of august, we hold a grand gala event. at this event we honor and award people from all walks of life for their work and contribution in all fields of endeavor. we continue to enjoy the support of the area churches, community leaders, businesses, professionals and others. “we have only just begun.” we encourage you and your friends to join us.
prayer breakfast
pleas join us at our annual prayer breakfast sponsored by the chicago consulate and held during the first week of january. please call for details closer to the actual date.
partnering and partnerships

donation of medical equipment
health volunteers
business development
joint venture
new products
new and emerging technologies
infrastructure development plans
information technology
bringing manufactured goods and products to market
meetings and interviews
construction and manufacturing
jamaica has a trained and trainable workforce 







news 
emerging small medical devices by lloyd l. hyde
technology horizon by lloyd l. hyde
medical instrumentation by lloyd l. hyde
a travel letter from chicago seacoast voyage by lloyd l. hyde
charity begins at home


passport renewal jamaicans wishing to renew their passports can obtain application forms by clicking on the passport forms link above, print, complete and send to the nearest consulate in your area or the embassy in washington, dc.

application forms can also be obtained by contacting the embassy  of jamaica in washington d.c., the consulate general of jamaica in new york or  other jamaican consulates near to them. the form is free.
we have added a page of information about passports here.
note: while we provide application forms, we do  not process passports at the consulate in chicago. this has to be done at either  the embassy of jamaica in washington, d.c., or at one of the consulate general  (new york or miami). 
visa application the fees for a jamaican visa vary depending on the type, i.e., work/business, student, visitor and the particular citizenship held by the applicant.

note: visas are issued only in valid passports.
we have added a page of information about visas here.
after downloading the  visa application form,  please call our office (773) 373-8988  to obtain further instructions on fee  structure and to find out what items will need to be complete the application  process. two recently taken passport size photographs are required with every  visa application. individuals applying for visas should do so at the closest  jamaican consulate near them.


 













			designed & developed by tchad blair, inc.

home | duties | links | passports/forms | visas | events | contact us
			copyright © 2025 the honorary consulate of jamaica






