
















the blog of saul weiner







































































the blog of saul weiner






























































































sunday, february 13, 2011







introduction to saul leib weiner's blog





hello and peace to everyone.

i just wanted to introduce myself and this blog.

my
 name is saul leib weiner.  in descending order of importance, i 
consider myself a human, yehudi, levi, brisker, male.  the things that i
 will publicly say that i am interested in are: learning, stam / 
calligraphy, art, photography, holograms, biking, traveling, singing, 
and leining.  i live in a certain city, in a certain country.  i like 
things similar to the achdus bulletin.  stuff that makes sense.  i was 
told in into. to comp. that i can have poetic license to make sentences 
like the previous one.  

if you want to discuss something with me, and have a reason to virtually connect, then visit my linkedin page.

blogs
 may appear here with ideas, news, cool stuff, maybe tutorials, anything
 not too personal :) .  i may host other sites for specific tutorials 
and torah / kodesh.  this should also add to the cloud of knowledge that
 is in the web.

the purpose of this blog is to make a temporary 
or permanent homepage for myself, to post my personal blogs/ideas that 
are appropriate for the internet, to advertise other locations of mine, 
and to advertise other worthwhile things.  i will only be posting  
content that is appropriate for the public internet, as is required by 
anyone who doesn't want to get cyber-popped.  everything will also 
comply with the laws that i follow as a yehudi, and any rules that 
blogger.com puts down.  if i still have time, i'll try to follow the 
medina's laws.

i hereby give anyone permission to copy anything 
authored by me on the domain saulweiner.blogspot.com, on condition that 
they don't change any content without specifying that it is changed from
 my original content.





posted by



brad




at

2:51 pm



1 comment:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest
















home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)




































































awesome inc. theme. powered by blogger.
























