  






home gardening resources | penn state extension













 


  







 

 the store will not work correctly when cookies are disabled. javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.  for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.     skip to content  menu browse by category close  animals and livestock animals and livestockclose    view all   dairy  dairyclose   view all   product quality   nutrition and feeding   health and care   reproduction and genetics   manure and nutrient management   facilities and technology   personal safety    business management    poultry  poultryclose   view all   production and management   product quality   nutrition and feeding   health and care   reproduction and genetics   manure and nutrient management   facilities and technology   personal safety    business management    beef cattle  beef cattleclose   view all   production and management   product quality   nutrition and feeding   health and care   reproduction and genetics   manure and nutrient management   facilities and technology   personal safety    business management    equine  equineclose   view all   pasture and environment management   nutrition and feeding   health and care   reproduction and genetics   manure and nutrient management   facilities and technology   personal safety    business management    swine  swineclose   view all   production and management   product quality   nutrition and feeding   health and care   reproduction and genetics   manure and nutrient management   facilities and technology   personal safety    business management    goats  goatsclose   view all   production and management   product quality   nutrition and feeding   health and care   reproduction and genetics   manure and nutrient management   facilities and technology   personal safety    business management    sheep  sheepclose   view all   production and management   product quality   nutrition and feeding   health and care   reproduction and genetics   manure and nutrient management   facilities and technology   personal safety   business management    llamas and alpacas  llamas and alpacasclose   view all   nutrition and feeding   health and care   manure and nutrient management   facilities and technology   business management    canine  canineclose   view all   nutrition and feeding   behavior and welfare   health and care   reproduction and genetics     forage and food crops  forage and food crops close    view all   agronomic crops  agronomic cropsclose   view all   production and harvesting   species and varieties   soil fertility and management    pests and diseases   weed management   organic production   sustainable agriculture   personal safety   business management    cover crops  cover cropsclose   view all   production and harvesting   species and varieties   soil fertility and management    pests and diseases   weed management   organic production   sustainable agriculture   personal safety   business management    forages  foragesclose   view all   production and harvesting   species and varieties   soil fertility and management    forage quality and testing   pests and diseases   weed management   organic production   sustainable agriculture   personal safety   business management    fruit  fruitclose   view all   production and harvesting   cultivars and rootstocks   soil fertility and management    pests and diseases   weed management   organic production   sustainable agriculture   personal safety   business management    mushrooms  mushroomsclose   view all   production and harvesting   substrate management   pests and diseases   food safety   business management    vegetables  vegetablesclose   view all   production and harvesting   species and varieties   soil fertility and management    pests and diseases   weed management   organic production   sustainable agriculture   personal safety   business management     trees, lawns, and landscaping trees, lawns, and landscapingclose    view all   aquatic plants and algae  aquatic plants and algaeclose   view all   species and varieties   pests and diseases   business management    christmas trees  christmas treesclose   view all   production and harvesting   pests and diseases   business management    home gardening  home gardeningclose   view all   planting and growing   species and varieties   soil management   pests and diseases   weed management   eco-friendly gardening   pollination and bees   landscaping for wildlife   animal control    ornamentals and floriculture  ornamentals and floricultureclose   view all   production   species and varieties   soil management   pests and diseases   weed management   facilities and technology   business management    trees and shrubs  trees and shrubsclose   view all   production   species and varieties   soil management   pests and diseases   weed management   personal safety   business management    turfgrass and lawn care  turfgrass and lawn careclose   view all   species and cultivars   establishment and renovation   fertility and soil management    cultural practices   pests and diseases   weed identification and management   athletic fields and sports turf   golf course turf   personal safety   business management     insects, pests, and diseases insects, pests, and diseasesclose    view all   pest, disease and weed identification  pest, disease and weed identificationclose   view all   insect identification and control   weed identification and control   plant disease identification and control    pesticide applicators  pesticide applicatorsclose   view all   certification and study materials   recertification   resources and best practices    pest management and education  pest management and educationclose   view all   agriculture   public/homeowners   educators and teachers    pollinators  pollinatorsclose   view all   beekeeping   habitat and landscape   identification and biology   pesticides   pollination services    vectors  vectorsclose   view all   tick identification and management   mosquito identification and management   vector-borne diseases     forests and wildlife forests and wildlifeclose    view all   forest management  forest managementclose   view all   management practices   invasive and competing plants   pests and diseases   legacy planning    forestry business and economics  forestry business and economicsclose   view all   agroforestry   county forest economic data   policy and ordinances   timber market report    forest products  forest productsclose   view all   biofuels   botanicals   maple syrup   wood products    urban forestry  urban forestryclose   view all   community forest management   tree care   tree selection and planting   municipal stormwater management    wildlife  wildlifeclose   view all   habitat management   wildlife ecology and conservation   wildlife nuisance and damage     food safety and quality food safety and qualityclose    view all   commercial food processing  commercial food processingclose   view all   good manufacturing practices   regulations   business management    dairy food processing  dairy food processingclose   view all   business management   production and processing   regulations   safety and sanitation    farm food safety  farm food safetyclose   view all   good agricultural practices   regulations    food service and retail  food service and retailclose   view all   food service safety   regulations   business management    home food preservation and safety  home food preservation and safetyclose   view all   food preservation   food safety    grape and wine production  grape and wine productionclose   view all   grape production   wine production   business management and marketing    beer, hard cider, and distilled spirits  beer, hard cider, and distilled spiritsclose   view all   production   business management     water waterclose    view all   drinking and residential water  drinking and residential waterclose   view all   water quality    supply and conservation   maintenance and treatment   testing and interpretation    pond management  pond managementclose   view all   water quality   pond maintenance   aquatic plants and algae   fisheries, wildlife, and ecology    urban and residential stormwater  urban and residential stormwaterclose   view all   water quality   flood control   design, construction, and maintenance    wastewater management  wastewater managementclose   view all   private septic systems   industrial    water for agriculture  water for agricultureclose   view all   conservation practices   irrigation water   livestock drinking water   nutrient management    watershed protection and restoration  watershed protection and restorationclose   view all   streams and rivers   water quality and management   watershed education    conservation practices and training  conservation practices and trainingclose   view all   ag literacy   conservation practices   administration and funding     energy  energy close    view all   marcellus shale and natural gas  marcellus shale and natural gasclose   view all   landowner leasing and royalties   economic and business impacts   environmental impacts   municipality and government impacts    renewable and alternative energy  renewable and alternative energyclose   view all   biofuels   energy use and efficiency   renewable energy resources     business and operations business and operationsclose    view all   starting a farm  starting a farmclose   view all   exploring farming   starting a business   introduction to agronomy   introduction to horticulture   introduction to livestock    business management  business managementclose   view all   business growth   financial   marketing and sales   risk management and insurance   transition and succession planning    human resources  human resourcesclose   view all   labor relations   professional development   volunteer management   workforce development    land and equipment  land and equipmentclose   view all   acquisition and leasing   emerging technology   maintenance    farm markets  farm marketsclose   view all   getting started   management   marketing    farm safety  farm safetyclose   view all   animal handling   farm emergency training   farm equipment and structures   protective gear   youth safety   disaster preparedness   agrability     community development community developmentclose    view all   community planning and engagement  community planning and engagementclose   view all   broadband   community development   leadership   local government   volunteer management    economic development  economic developmentclose   view all   see all economic development    land use  land useclose   view all   see all land use     youth, family, and health youth, family, and healthclose    view all   nutrition, diet, and health  nutrition, diet, and healthclose   view all   chronic disease   food allergies   fitness and exercise   mental health   nutrition and food    children and families  children and familiesclose   view all   early childhood care and education   family resiliency   financial wellness and literacy   substance use education   4-h youth development     browse all by education format browse all by education formatclose  articles articlesclose  conferences conferencesclose  guides and publications guides and publicationsclose  news newsclose  online courses online coursesclose  tools and apps tools and appsclose  videos videosclose  webinars webinarsclose  workshops workshopsclose  searchsearch search account  cart        home   trees, lawns, and landscaping   home gardening     home gardening     


thank you for your submission!


      guides and publications penn state extension master gardener manuallearn and teach about a variety of plant and gardening topics from penn state extension's master gardeners.read more  latest newssee all news           news great greenhouses of pennsylvania         news diseases threaten pennsylvania forest and landscape trees         news pennsylvania's invasive plant list – how it works         news changes in pennsylvania fertilizer law: what home gardeners need to know         news master gardener plant presale         news master gardener native plant kit presale   stay connected with the master gardeners!sign up to receive news, upcoming event details, gardening information, and the monthly e-newsletter.

		home garden news
	
	 has the latest news and information on classes, workshops, publications, videos, and online and in-person events. this monthly newsletter covers topics like vegetable, herb, and fruit production; garden and landscape maintenance practices; pest and disease identification and management; master gardener volunteer training; and more!
by entering your email, you consent to receive communications from penn state extension. view our privacy policy.
















 featured articles        articles designing the home garden for drought resilience  explore plants and garden design practices to establish a drought-tolerant garden in the home landscape.         articles growing hot peppers: can you make them hotter?  peppers are indigenous to south america and have been cultivated for over 6,000 years, making them one of the first cultivated crops in the americas.         articles culinary herbs are good for beneficial insects, including pollinators  many common culinary herbs are useful not only in our kitchens but also to pollinators and other beneficial insects.         articles tweaking your garden calendar for pollinators and other beneficial insects  creating a healthy garden, teaming with pollinators and other beneficial insects, requires adding, changing, or removing a few tasks in the gardening process through the seasons.         articles pollinator myths by lois miklas  common misconceptions about pollinators can get in the way of our understanding and, therefore, our ability to support them.         articles creating a puddling station for pollinators by mandy l. smith  water is essential to all living beings, vital not only to humans but also to the myriad of creatures inhabiting our garden.         articles warm season, native ornamental grasses for the home garden  celebrate summer! announce the midst of your summer garden with the lively elegance of warm-season ornamental grasses.         videos how to do an alcohol wash by robyn underwood, ph.d. length 2:42  an alcohol wash is the most effective way to determine if your honey bee colony needs to be treated for varroa mites.         articles exceptional perennials  if you are looking for a plant to add to your shade or sun garden, a perennial with interesting foliage, or a new plant with brilliant blooms to attract pollinators, there are many great choices.         articles the invasive and noxious privet  it seems like more landscape plants are being added to pennsylvania's noxious plant list. privet is next on the list.         articles understanding wildflower seed mixes by lois miklas  is it a good idea to plant a wildflower seed mix?  this article explains what is considered a wildflower and gives you tips for selecting and planting a wildflower mix.         articles phlox in the home garden  phlox offers many ornamental options. this article offers basic information about these plants to help educate beginning gardeners.         articles cool season, native ornamental grasses for the home garden  native ornamental grasses provide valuable wildlife habitat, shelter and food for insects and larval caterpillars.         articles rhubarb in the garden and the kitchen  plant rhubarb in spring or early fall, then be patient. once established, rhubarb will provide beauty in the garden and a flavorful harvest for many years.         articles starting a new perennial garden  this article will provide information on planning and planting a new perennial bed and will take you through the steps the author followed when planting three perennial beds.         articles care of spring holiday plants  did you enjoy a flowering potted plant this spring? we have many resources to help you decide what to do with the plant when the blossoms fade.         articles early spring blooming native trees, a delight to us and to pollinators  early blooming native trees provide many benefits to the landscape and our native pollinators.         articles how hardy are your annuals? by lois miklas  find out which favorite plants are considered hardy versus tender annuals and when it is best to plant each type.         articles save your garden, save the world  home gardeners have many positive options for creating resilient and sustainable gardens that can help mitigate climate change and its effects on our landscapes.         articles adapting to invasive jumping worms  jumping worms (amynthas and metaphire spp.) are invasive species that have a negative impact on our ecosystems. this article explores how gardeners might mitigate their detrimental effects.   getting started        news books about climate change and gardening date posted 2/15/2024  do you know how and where to seek guidance when climate change impacts your garden? keep vocabulary terms in mind as you search for books.         articles inviting birds to your garden by mandy l. smith  gardening isn't just about nurturing plants; it's about cultivating an entire ecosystem that can thrive in harmony. invite birds to your garden to create such spaces.         articles carnivorous plants by nancy knauss  carnivorous plants fascinate both kids and adults. plants that eat insects seem otherworldly, but they are found on all continents except antarctica.         articles tomates cultivados en contenedores by tom butzler, maria gorgo-simcox, thomas maloney, darryl dressler  el tomate es probablemente la hortaliza que mejor se adapta al cultivo en contenedor y que mayor fama tiene entre los productores con limitaciones de espacio, solo después de las especies de hierbas culinarias y medicinales.         online courses pruning ornamental trees and shrubs sections 5 length 3 hours  this online course for beginning landscapers and home gardeners covers pruning basics: how trees and shrubs grow, when and how to prune, and safety and tools.      $39.00           guides and publications penn state extension master gardener manual  learn and teach about a variety of plant and gardening topics from penn state extension's master gardeners.   starting at $63.75           guides and publications vegetable gardening by elsa sánchez, ph.d., timothy elkner, shelby fleischer, ph.d., beth k. gugino, ph.d., peter ferretti, steve bogash, william lamont, jr., ph.d., michael orzolek, ph.d.  select, grow, and harvest delicious vegetables from your home garden.   $10.00           articles attracting beneficial insects  there are numerous insects that can be considered "beneficial."         articles container grown tomatoes by tom butzler, thomas maloney, darryl dressler  tomatoes are probably the #1 container vegetable that interests gardeners after herbs.   your challenges, our expertiseconnect with us for the latest research-based knowledge and hands-on know-how. find experts who will work with you in person or online to answer questions, solve problems, and seize opportunities. meet the experts  resources and programs     agricultural analytical services laboratoryaasl provides a wide range of testing programs for soils, water, plants, biosolids, and other agricultural materials.read more   center for pollinator researchthe center is committed to developing and implementing integrative, multidisciplinary approaches to improving pollinator health, conservation, and management for ecosystems services through research, education, outreach and policy.read more   insect identification laba service of the department of entomology that provides identification of insects.read more   master gardener programthe penn state master gardener volunteer program supports the outreach mission of penn state extension by utilizing unbiased research-based information to educate the public and our communities on best practices in sustainable horticulture and environmental stewardship.read more   plant disease clinicprovides clinical diagnoses of plant diseases for 2,000+ samples submitted annually by agricultural producers, urban gardeners, and homeowners.read more   pollinator habitat certificationpollination is the very foundation of our ecosystem, producing seeds and fruits and providing food for wildlife, and us, to thrive. many bees, flies, wasps, beetles, butterflies and moths are struggling to find nutritious food and safe places to nest.read more   trial gardensthe trial gardens are living laboratories and classrooms for horticulture, plant pathology and entomology.read more       do you dream of having a beautiful, healthy, and productive home garden? grow the garden you always wanted with penn state extension’s home garden resources. explore the best ways to plant and grow flowers, fruits, and vegetables; and manage garden pests, plant diseases, and weeds. learn about gardening for pollinators, how to attract wildlife to your backyard, garden soil amendments, and more.
gardening for beginners: how to start a garden
there’s a great deal of pleasure to be had from a garden. not only should it be good to look at, but it should be productive too. planting and growing a home garden is not an exact science. however, there are things you can do to increase your chance of success.
the quality of the soil and garden weed management are all key to your success. knowing what to do about pests in your garden is also vital, as they can be a gardener’s worst nightmare. a number of solutions are available for specific garden pest problems, yet prevention is often better than a cure. one option is to use raised beds.
people choose to garden for a variety of reasons. a beautiful garden can boost your home’s curb appeal, plus it can lead to a healthier lifestyle. whatever the reason for starting a garden, it requires patience, basic knowledge about plant types and garden terminology, and the proper way to tend the soil. when talking to other gardeners, you might also encounter some popular garden myths. penn state extension uncovers the real truth behind many misguided garden beliefs.
a garden isn’t a garden without plants. if you want to create and maintain a healthy landscape, it’s vital you choose plants that are well-suited to the conditions in your yard. it might be tempting to start by buying clearance plants, particularly if you’re working on a budget, but there are steps you need to follow.
if you want to save money, propagation is an option. the best time of the year to start planting annual, perennial, and vegetable seeds, is in the spring. propagation is not just about planting seeds – you can also start plants through cuttings, layering, and division.
gardening is a year-round activity. there’s always something going on and things to be done, whatever the season. the winter is a time to reflect on the successes and disappointments of last year’s garden. spring is the time for getting a head start by preparing your garden for the summer bounty. while fall is the time to start clearing up and preparing the garden for winter.
what you decide to grow in your garden has a lot to do with your gardening style. do you want shrubs that give your garden a mediterranean feel? would you like to include ornamentals that give your garden a more japanese feel? other garden styles include a container gardening, a colonial style of gardening that includes classic functional herb and vegetable gardening, and home fruit gardening.
home gardening tips and advice
you’re never on your own when you first start gardening. there’s a wealth of useful information available online, including master gardeners willing to share their extensive knowledge in written guides and at home gardener conferences.
whether you want to try fruit production with a home orchard of apple and pear trees, grow and harvest delicious vegetables, or start your ornamentals and floriculture business, penn state extension has a comprehensive selection of resources, covering everything from the basics in vegetable gardening and beekeeping, through to herbs for the home gardener, home composting, and what native plants you can grow all year.
pests are a problem for all gardeners, and while you may be able to tolerate a little damage, sometimes pest control measures have to be taken. pests come in all shapes and sizes, some of which are considered invasive species. the spotted lanternfly is one example. but not all insects are pests. flies in the family syrphidae are very helpful allies in the garden and just one of many beneficial insects.
master gardener training and resources
when you become a master gardener, you also become part of a much wider community. gardening is all about sharing gardening experience and gardening information and encouraging young people to learn about planting via various growing gardeners webinars.
if you want to help others with their gardening journey, you might have what it takes to be a master gardener. the master gardener program began in 1972, and in 1982, penn state university adopted the program.
a wide range of gardening practices are covered in master gardener classes, but it starts with master gardener basic training. other topics covered include:

preparing for the growing season with the garden sense symposium workshop and a spring gardening seminar
discover the latest in horticulture with the garden and landscape symposium
learn how to grow and maintain a backyard garden with the victory garden workshop series and now, the victory garden reinvented! webinar series
explore the topics of wildlife, wildflowers, and how to deal with weeds at the annual shirley r. wagner garden symposium
determine which herbs are good companions at the master gardener amateur herbalist workshop
  select a categorynarrow by: categories planting and growing 412 species and varieties 241 soil management 42 pests and diseases 244 weed management 38 eco-friendly gardening 93 pollination and bees 73 landscaping for wildlife 22 animal control 5 see all home gardening 895  education format   articles  conferences  news  online courses  guides and publications  videos  webinars  workshops  tool and apps    you may also be interested in...        articles gifts from the kitchen garden read on for a bevy of edible gift ideas using plants from your own garden and seasonal produce.        online courses spotted lanternfly permit training for businesses: pennsylvania spotted lanternfly is an invasive insect that can damage many crops. learn best practices to stop its spread. businesses operating in the quarantine zone must have permits to move equipment and goods within and out of the zone.        guides and publications penn state extension master gardener manual learn and teach about a variety of plant and gardening topics from penn state extension's master gardeners.        articles gardening for butterflies learn about the butterfly life cycle, and how to manage your garden to attract butterflies.   







personalize
                your experience with penn state extension and stay informed of
                the latest in agriculture. newslettersign up for our newsletter: subscribe college of agricultural sciences
the pennsylvania state university
323 agricultural administration building
university park, pa 16802penn state extension on facebookpenn state extension on linkedinpenn state extension on twitterpenn state extension on youtubeinstagram
 about
                            extension
                        aboutleadershipcareersextension newspresscounty offices
                            customer service
                        help centerlogin problemsmanage email preferencescontact usother
                            programs
                        pennsylvania 4-hbetter kid caremaster gardeners
 youth safetyprivacy and legal statementsveterinary advice statementaccessibility© 2025 the pennsylvania state university email address is required to loginplease enter your email address below to create account.email sign in   



















































































