








the official donnelly home page




~ www.donnellys.com ~ 
the official donnelly home page
this award-winning website was created in 1997
for anyone interested in the donnellys, canada's notorious family,
 that was murdered by a vigilante committee near lucan, ontario, on february
4th, 1880. 
2020 marks the 139th anniversary of the biddulph tragedy, as it came to be
known.

  this site has been online for 23 years, and it is still going strong, attracting
 close to a million visitors to date. 
we wish to thank everyone for their continued  support of this web site.

  whether you're a donnelly enthusiast, or someone finding out about the
donnellys  for the first time, 
this web site is for you! it offers everything to do with the family from
historical information and photos, to books and authors. 
we hope that you find the information on this web site useful. and that you
will encourage others to visit this site. 




             
                     
                     
                thanks for visiting
donnellys.com today!    
                      
                      
                      
                      
  







 

 




donnellys.com update:



the donnellys.com website is currently under re-construction. 
the old website is outdated, so we are hoping to give it
  a new look. 
but it's taking a little longer than we anticipated, as 
there is much 
to be done here. in the meantime, we appreciate your patience 
as 
the site is updated, and hope that you come back soon!
thanks so much!  

 









donnelly homestead update:


       after 30 years, the donnelly homestead site tour is closing. 
rob salts, owner of the homestead, will no longer
be  giving   tours 
of the famous historic attraction. the homestead closed
   its doors
for the last time on october 31st, 2018. 

       i’d like to take a minute to thank rob salts for his time and 
dedication in telling the story of the black donnellys, 
and for the thousands of tours he has given over the 
 years. 
he has devoted 30 years of his life to keeping an
important 
part of canadian history alive, and we all appreciate
  it  so much.



it was also a great pleasure designing and maintaining rob 
 salt's 
website, 'the donnelly homestead site tour' 
 for many years. 




 thanks, rob! 
           wishing you all the best in your future endeavours.

       kind regards... webmaster – donnellys.com






copyright ©1997 
- 2020   donnellys.com                 
                                 
    all rights reserved - 2019
web site & graphics designed by webmaster.                    
    donnelly photos in title collage used with permission from
donna jones and robert 
  salts.   title graphic designed by webmaster.  no part of this 
 web site may be reproduced in
any form without written
   permission from donnellys.com.                                                 
    web site created may.1997
 site updated: february 19, 2020
 





