


river reach condominium community on private island in fort lauderdale, florida
































































 



 
the island in the city 
 
river reach, is a   twenty-two acre, private, gated island community   located  directly on the new river  in the city! 
                    fort lauderdale is south florida's  most lush and tropical port-of-call boasting 3,000 hours a year of sunshine,  seven miles of refreshing beaches, and 160 miles of interesting, navigable  waterways. 

                  in keeping with this tropical environment  is river reach.  it is a quiet development consisting of six (6) building with 574 condominium residences, three heated   swimming pools, two tennis courts, community center with well equipped fitness   room, and on-site professional management. 
                    prices range from $140,000 for   efficiency and studio  apartments to $650,000 for two-bedroom residences. three-bedroom units are also occasionally available, as are  apartments that have been joined.
river reach is minutes from the  beaches, fort lauderdale downtown, the broward center for the performing  arts, museum of discovery  and science, las  olas riverfront entertainment complex and the famous las olas boulevard shopping and  dining district. 
it is just minutes to port everglades and the   atlantic ocean. the river reach island offers excellent, secure all-weather dockage for the power or sailing   yachtsmen. 
                  the aerial view of the island is   in an east-north-east direction. the south fork of the new river is on   the left; the view of the north canal is partially obstructed by three   buildings; the south canal is clearly visible; and the atlantic ocean is on top   of the picture. the entrance gate from sw 9th avenue is not visible and is   hidden from view by building 1 (900 river reach drive).
 
 
the river reach, inc. condominium association website address is www.riverreach.org
 




 













 
copyright © 2002-2023. all rights reserved. 
                content of this website may be reproduced for personal use only. commercial use is prohibited.










