

appalachian trail journals 































              1983 journal
1981 
              prequel
contact 
              gonzo!
appalachian 
              
              trail museum
pdf 
              versions
1983 
              hiker yearbook







other 
              recommended links relating to hiking the a.t. in 1983:
vagabond 
              traveler journal
then 
              the hail came
a 
              texan's condensed account of long distance hiking
notes 
              from the appalachian trail










introducing 
              one of the few online appalachian trail journals from the early 
              1980's!
the 
              appalachian trail, the journey of a lifetime… that is what 
              many call it. and in many respects i totally agree. but i have no 
              intention of settling on the fact that this is a once in a lifetime 
              backpacking trip. i am ready to make the journey again at any time. 
              i dream of getting back to the trail during the night, and when 
              my mind wanders throughout the day. the vision of seeing white paint 
              blazes to guide you to your destination becomes etched in your brain. 
              once you have completed such a trip your life is changed dramatically. 
              while on the appalachian trail you become used to freedoms that 
              are just dreams to others, yet you are subjected to conditions along 
              the trail that can bring your spirits down and influence your decision 
              to quit at any time. your outlook on the things that are really 
              necessary is altered compared to the rest of society after you get 
              used to living with only what you can carry. 
in 
              the early eighties, it did not even occur to me that only a few 
              people had hiked the trail up to that point, but now i see that 
              i was probably one of the first 1000 hikers to hike the appalachian 
              trail in one season. now, almost that same number register as completing 
              the trail each year. if you are getting ready to hike, or can't 
              hike but are interested, you can experience the trail through my 
              appalachian trail journals, filled with images and stories. in particular, 
              my trail journals from 1983 (and now from 1981 also). 
my 
              name is alan strackeljahn, 
              but my trail name is gonzo! i was born and raised on the flatlands 
              in the town of highland, illinois. my interest in the outdoors, 
              which got me away from the flats, took me to southern illinois university 
              at carbondale where i became a member of the shawnee mountaineers 
              climbing club. the club exposed me to greater heights, but nothing 
              taller than 100 feet. i ventured to the appalachian trail for that. 
              i am a descendant of a long line of "hikers", like my 
              grandmother, who as a senior in highschool in 1929 was an official 
              member of the hiking hobos club. 



what 
              you are about to read in this online book is a true story taken 
              from the trail journal that i kept as i hiked the appalachian trail 
              from georgia to maine in the year 1983. left unread for over 15 
              years, i bring it out now and put it into digital form - with 
              pictures - to help people visualize what i saw, meet the 
              people i met, and understand what the appalachian trail was like 
              in that year. i tried not to add anything that i did not remember 
              as truly happening, so all in all it should be mostly true. i hope 
              you enjoy each day as much as i did reminiscing while putting it 
              up. for those of you who are members of the a.t. class of 1983, 
              or are interested in those who hiked that year don't miss the most 
              comprehensive hiker yearbook 
              ever assembled for this or any other year.



now, 
                  thirty years after my first backpacking trip on the appalachian 
                  trail, i have the privilage to bring my 1981 appalachian trail 
                  journal to the web to provide readers a glimps into the mind 
                  and adventures of a wanna-be 2000-miler during an age when ultralight 
                  backpacking was virtually unheard of as it is known today. a 
                  year when a double homicide on the a.t. shocked the nation, 
                  and frightened hikers as they made their way north on the footpath 
                  known as the appalachian trail. 




click 
                here to go straight to the 1981 prequel "how not to hike 
                the appalachian trail" 
or 
                click here to go straight to the 1983 "all 
                in one roll" journal 

background...
i 
              became aware of the appalachian trail sometime during my first year 
              of college. i remember finding a book in the library written by 
              ed garvey. garvey's trail journal sparked my imagination. i read 
              the book with vigor, even though at the time i thought the author 
              spent too much time talking about food, and how he was welcomed 
              by strangers and fed wonderful meals. little did i know that i would 
              also become one of those who writes about the kindness of strangers 
              and of the amount of food that thru-hikers can put away at one sitting. 
              i once saw a guy consume nineteen pieces of pizza! now that was 
              an accomplishment i shall never forget!

              influence came from television as well. i remember watching a documentary 
              on pbs about two guys who hiked, canoed, and swam from somewhere 
              in alaska to california and thinking “i have to do something 
              like that". within two years i had formulated plans to backpack 
              the 2000 mile appalachian trail from georgia to maine – passing 
              through fourteen states along the way. my journey seemed like it 
              might just become a reality!

              i had never been on a backpacking trip up to this point, and now, 
              in the spring of 1981, i was setting out on my “trip of a lifetime”. 
              beginning in may, i traveled through the nantahalas of northern 
              georgia, named by native americans to mean “land of the noonday 
              sun” since the mountains were so steep the sun only reached 
              the ground when directly overhead. i waded through undergrowth of 
              stinging nettles that irritated my bare legs with just a touch. 
              the trail took me over picturesque “balds” along the border 
              between north carolina and tennessee. and finally into virginia 
              where the hiking difficulty seemed to be leveling out. after seven 
              hundred miles, and many hardships including the pain of blisters 
              from ill-fitting boots, i decided to return home, but knew that 
              i had to return to the trail at a later date to attempt the journey 
              again.

              two years later in 1983, i was itching to go. those two years had 
              given me time to get mentally prepared for what was to come. i pretty 
              much knew what to expect this time. i had practiced smiling and 
              being happy when walking in the rain while water penetrated every 
              part of my body, and collected in my boots as if there was a free 
              giveaway of money at the bank. i got strange looks from others on 
              campus as i walked to my classes, without an umbrella, while sporting 
              the biggest grin i could muster. i set out using a pair of boots 
              that were already broken in, and in general – the experience 
              of having spent two months on the trail. the biggest factor, i believe, 
              was my mental attitude that i could complete the trip no matter 
              what. 

              it has now been over thirty years since i set out on that second 
              trip along the appalachian trail. for those who like adventure, 
              i have daily updates following my progress – taken from my 
              trail journal written in 1983. stories of the fun and danger that 
              thru-hikers face while slipping and sliding down an eroded footpath 
              with up to fifty pounds on your back just waiting to come down on 
              top of your head describe what life is like on the appalachian trail. 
              imagine spending the night with the wild residents of a trail shelter 
              who are just looking for the necessities of life as we all are. 
              of course there is also the daily grind of churning out the miles. 
              these are just some of the hardships and joy experienced during 
              my trek over the 2138 miles of knee pounding trail beginning in 
              georgia and ending on the summit of maine’s tallest mountain 
              - katahdin. if you cannot finish the whole trip in one read, use 
              the "what you missed" link on any 
              journal entry page to take you to the date where you left off. 
              
reviews: 
              
...that was an awesome read! i just spent 5-6 hours reading 
              your entire saga. i really loved how you documented your travel 
              on the at one day at a time and then backed it up with photos dedicated 
              to that day! i have read 4-5 thru hike journals now, and yours was 
              the best designed, and the best told. what an inspirational journey. 
              ___ -clark 
...gonzo, many years ago i ran across your website and read 
              your entire journey. i emailed you and told you how much i enjoyed 
              reading about your journey. as the first blog i read about hiking 
              the at, i wanted to let you know that i recently completed my at 
              journey and your website may very well have planted the seed. it 
              was a humbling odyssey. thank you for sharing your journey and inspiring 
              others.  ___ matt 
              "cheap&easy" gourdin
..."it is one of the most complete and detailed journals 
              that i have read, and i have definitely read many."
___ -kyle
...enjoyed your journey/story! im 62 now... got into reading 
              about people hiking the trail. yours, by far, is the best one i've 
              read!
___ -frankie
...i just finished your at journal and it is great. i, now at 
              age 66 have started training for a 2015 start date. i doubt i will 
              do the miles you did, but if i can learn to savor the experience 
              as you did it will be as life changing for me as it was for you.
___ -jeff

..."it was amazing reading your trail journal. i've been 
              inspired to hike the a.t. since i was ten years old when i went 
              on my first three-day hike on it. i've never really known where 
              to start planning for the hike, only getting tid-bits here and there, 
              but after reading your journal i now have a clear and set path before 
              me. your journal is a very detailed valuable tool for anyone thinking 
              about hiking the a.t."___ -julie

              ..."i have really enjoyed reading about your adventure. your 
              story has inspired me. i set in a cubical in down town atlanta and 
              keep your site booked marked so when things seem to close in on 
              me i open your site and read a page or two. it really seems to help." 
              ___ -drake

              ..."i stumbled across your website a few days ago and started 
              reading your at diary. i can't get enough for some reason. ... i 
              feel like i'm part of it and it's a very entertaining read." 
              ___ -don 
... "i am a 71 year old grandma. i found your journal 
              online and am reading it a few pages a day. i really look forward 
              to it. i envy you the trip. it seems like something i would like. 
              i live in pa and very close to moyers grove campground where you 
              stayed. i wish you well and thank you for sharing your experience 
              with me." ___-carol 
..."story about your hike in 1983 inspired me to do the 
              same in 2006." ___-arius
..."i enjoyed reading your journal and picked up a lot 
              of useful information from it." ___-pete
..."i have read every syllable that you have written about 
              your 1983 hike and i am absolutely without words. congratulations, 
              sir!! you are "the man"!!  ___- 
              james
..."just 
              read the mouse in the face entry. i haven't laughed that hard in 
              a long time! and i can't believe i drank that much beer! is that 
              accurate? what a hoot! ___- 
              chuck

..."i'm really enjoying your journals from the appalachian 
              trail. they are good enough to sell through kindle. thanks," 
              ___ -gershon 
..."i read your whole appalachian trail story. could not 
              stop reading. hope to walk it one day as well." ___
- gerben from the netherlands.
..."i stumbled on your web site and read about your journey 
              from beginning to end. that was my introduction to the at. i have 
              read many books about the trail since then. i plan on trying to 
              thru-hike the year i retire. .....i just wanted to say thank you 
              for having that web site. it really was the spark that led me to 
              my growing passion for hiking." ___
-kenny
to see more - click here for reviews
 



 





gonzo! 
      appalachian trail journals ©1983















