





	philadelphia business lawyers, high-level legal representation for small businesses in pa, nj and ny | legis group llc



















search
















home



                                about us
                                



arthur l. haywood iii


joel l. schwartz


jeffery young jr


devin uqdah


sara mohamed





                                outside general counsel
                                



new businesses


mature businesses


employment law




alumni


transactions


contact us





welcome to the legis grouplegis group llc is a business law firm in philadelphia comprised of seasoned attorneys who honed their craft at some of the finest large law firms in the nation. being business owners ourselves, we have seen firsthand that smart, forward-thinking legal counsel is not a privilege meant only for the wealthiest of corporate conglomerates – every business needs wise legal advice and representation to survive, grow and sustain success. we have come together to provide your business the same high quality advice and advocacy enjoyed by big business, but scaled into an operational model more accessible to smaller business, regional companies and entrepreneurs. high-level legal services, delivered professionally in a way that makes sense for you and your business model.how can we help you grow and sustain success in your business?


schedule an appointmentevery business is different, and each situation is unique. expert, personalized legal counsel makes a difference. instantly schedule a meeting with a legis group attorney.make an appointment
blog and discussionslaws that affect business owners are always changing, and keeping on top of it can be tough. discover tips, strategies, analysis and observations that every business owner should know.
about our companythere are hundreds of law firms in philadelphia, you owe it to yourself to be selective. we love working with small businesses and entrepreneurs. we listen to our clients, solve complex problems and use our business law expertise to protect you and your business.get in touch3900 ford road, suite b, phila, pa, 191311-800-350-7321215-878-1164info@legislawyers.comjoin our mailing list
© copyright 2021 by legis group, llc







