




















bothell wa | official website









 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in













    your government      city services      doing business      your community      how do i...  


 

 

 

 

 





 












search







 
 
 

 








 






















utilities








permits























subscribe








meetings & agendas























records request








jobs

























maps








parks























police








court























report a concern








fire




















  
 
 

























 














bothell newsnever miss what’s happening
 






  
 
 















winter weather updates 


all roads are now open. thank you public works, parks, and first responders for clearing roads/debris, and handling traffic issues to help keep our community safe! some sun predicted for today but still cold temps. find cold weather safety tips here.			additional info...







city looking for new board and commission volunteers 


we are currently seeking volunteers for multiple boards and commissions.  interested community members can apply online through february 21, 2025.						read on...







102nd ave ne bridge repair work 


after being struck by a truck, repairs have started on 102nd ave ne bridge.  learn more about intermittent sr 522 closures and detours during construction.			additional info...







temporary activation of downtown lot 


expect minor construction at lot efg, near baskin robbins, as we transform the mostly vacant area into a vibrant, temporary community space.						read on...







ne 185th st and 101st ave ne traffic revision 


changes have arrived at the intersection of ne 185th st and 101st ave ne near city hall and the police station. it's now a 2-way stop as part of sound transit's stride s3 line project.						read on...







lights at the landing 


celebrate the season in downtown bothell with a beautiful holiday light display at the park at bothell landing. this free walk-through experience shines every night through january 10.			read on...







city council passes comprehensive plan 


dec. 10, city council approved the 2024 imagine bothell comprehensive plan periodic update, establishing the 20-year vision and blueprint for bothell’s future.						read on...







council considers the 2025-2026 biennial city budget 


at upcoming council meetings, conversations on the budget will provide an opportunity for the city council to confirm a spending plan to progress towards the 2040 city council vision.						read on...







storm alert: service updates & community resources 


the latest updates on bothell charging & warming centers, facility & road closures, safety tips, & storm cleanup efforts. city hall has re-opened for regular in-person business.			additional info...







climate action plan advisory committee applications now open 


committee members will provide guidance on our first climate action plan. members will meet virtually once a month this dec. to june. stipends are available. all are welcome to apply by nov. 25.			additional info...







requesting proposals for outdoor event series 


we're seeking proposals from those qualified to provide professional services for the creation, production, and management of a recurring outdoor community event series downtown.			additional info...







human services needs assessment project results 


as part of our commitment to serving our community, we're sharing the results of our human services needs assessment project, which aimed to identify critical needs of bothell individuals and families.			additional info...







city considers residential renter protection measures 


as our region faces rising rents and a lack of affordable housing options, the bothell city council is considering ways to improve housing stability and to better protect renters.						read on...







free concert oct. 12: soul revolution! rhymes, beats, and dance 


"soul revolution! rhymes, beats and dance" takes the stage saturday, october 12, at 7 p.m. at the northshore performing arts center.						read on...







meet artist stephanie krimmel at the bothell art walk | oct. 10 


local artist stephanie krimmel will meet residents at the bothell art scene art walk on october 10 from 5-8 p.m. in downtown bothell.						read on...







name our street sweepers! 


the leaves are changing, and we need your help naming two of our hard-working street sweepers. cast your vote for the best names through october 6. the winning names will be added to the street sweepers you’ll see around bothell.			additional info...







sustainamania | saturday, september 28 


our 12th annual sustainability festival is sept. 28 from 10 a.m. – 2 p.m. at bothell city hall! bring your family and friends to learn about everyday sustainable actions you can take for lasting change.						read on...







bothell business owners, share your experience 


bothell business owners can inform the city's first economic vitality plan and shape our future by completing the bothell business insight survey by september 30.						read on...







meridian ave s and 240th st se roundabout 


the meridian ave s & 240th st se roundabout is scheduled to open at the end of august, with full project completion at the end of september. learn more about the project.			additional info...







full closure of northbound i-405 in bothell for paving, sept. 20-23 


travelers, plan ahead: northbound i-405 in bothell will be fully closed from sr 522 to sr 527 from 11 p.m. on friday, sept. 20 to 5 a.m. on monday, sept. 23.						read on...







community budget survey results 


to inform the 2025-26 biennial budget, the city conducted a statistically valid community budget survey earlier this year with the help of independent researchers. read the results.						read on...







sustainamania vendor applications now open 


our annual sustainability festival returns to bothell city hall on september 28, and we’re looking for vendors and volunteers to help the public learn about living sustainably.						apply now...







eastside cities partner to encourage reusable cup use 


bellevue, bothell, kirkland, and redmond are partnering with local coffee shops to reduce single-use coffee cup waste by encouraging the community to bring their own reusable cups.						read on...







bothell signs interlocal agreement with shoreline fire for fire service administration 


with the retirement of our dedicated interim fire chief mark risen, we're pleased to welcome our new fire chief, matt cowan, of the shoreline fire department.						read on...







hot weather resources 


a heat advisory is currently in effect for our region, with temperatures reaching the mid-90s through tuesday. stay safe and beat the heat by learning about ways to stay cool, swimming safety, cooling center locations, and more.			additional info...







national night out | tuesday, august 6 


this annual event helps build community, makes our neighborhoods safer, and is an opportunity to get to know your local bothell pd officers. sign up to plan a block party in your neighborhood!			additional info...







fireworks are illegal in bothell 


we would like to remind community members that per bmc 8.37, fireworks are illegal in bothell throughout the year and including on independence day, with limited exceptions. please celebrate safely.						read on...







celebrating community spirit: honoring dave monahan as the 2024 fourth of july parade grand marshal 


anticipation fills the air for a tradition cherished in bothell for over a century. learn more about our grand marshal and fourth of july celebration.						read on...







creative arts grant recipients & their upcoming events 


the bothell arts commission is thrilled to spotlight their remarkable 2023 creative arts grant program recipients and their exciting upcoming projects! mark your calendar for june 26 for the first of these community events.			additional info...







take the human services community survey by june 18 


the city of bothell seeks community input on bothell's human services needs and challenges. we invite all community members, regardless of whether or not they have ever needed human-service assistance, to participate.						read on...







new art show at city hall gallery space 


"the art of healing" features six local visual artists and their contemporary collections that use visual arts to heal the mind, body, and spirit. gallery open monday-friday, 8am-5pm, through august 2.						read on...







the northshore parks and recreation service area needs your input! 


the nprsa is beginning to study the idea of a new community center. they want residents like you to take this survey so they can assess what activities and resources our community needs.						read on...







city of bothell human services grant application period now open 


the city of bothell is now accepting grant applications from community organizations for the 2025–2026 budget cycle. applications are due by 5 p.m. on june 17, 2024.						read on...







city of bothell pride in the park | may 31 


join the city of bothell at the park at bothell landing on may 31, from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m., as we celebrate lgbtqia+ pride month at our first ever pride in the park event! featuring community speakers, resources, and sweet treats.						read on...







bothell celebrates aanhpi heritage month 


sam sim, vice president of the greater seattle korean association, accepted the city's proclamation of asian american, native hawaiian, and pacific islander heritage month at the may 7 council meeting.						read on...







comprehensive plan event: planting seeds for bothell’s future! 


our draft imagine bothell comprehensive plan & draft environmental impact statement are ready for your input! join us may 2 or may 4 to help shape the future of bothell.						read on...







bothell’s fourth of july parade and pancake breakfast 


mark your calendars for thursday, july 4, for the city of bothell’s hometown celebration, our biggest community event of the year! from bothell fire's pancake breakfast to our grand parade and more, there's plenty of fun planned.						read on...







bothell small business workshops april 11 - may 2 


presented by the city of bothell and oneeastside, this four-part workshop series with business advisor shawn palmer is available at a significantly subsidized cost and is designed for the new or aspiring business owner.						read on...







creative arts grant program - application open 


the city of bothell arts commission is pleased to announce round two of a grant program benefiting individual artists and organizations interested in hiring artists for their projects.  applications due april 12.						read on...







community survey underway 


we need your input! the city of bothell community 2025-26 budget survey is underway. if you receive a postcard in the mail, please complete the survey using the code given by march 24. didn't receive a postcard in your mailbox? you can still weigh in!						read on...







vendor application now open for summer nights in bothell! 


summer nights in bothell is a multi-week event series showcasing the vibrancy of our community through music, art, culture, and celebration. the series will take place july 12 - august 17 and interested vendors can now apply.						read on...







city hall gallery featuring kristin frost 


the public is invited to view kristin frost's mixed-media drawings, now on display at bothell city hall through may 1, 2024. frost specializes in landscape drawings using graphite, ink, colored pencil, and watercolor.						read on...







pop shops on main welcomes four new businesses 


the city welcomes four new businesses to the pop shops on main inclusive incubator program! pop shops supports minority and women-owned small businesses by providing retail space in downtown bothell.						read on...







apply for board or commission 


the city of bothell is currently seeking new volunteers for multiple boards and commissions.  interested community members can apply online through february 23, 2024.						learn more...







winter weather preparedness 


rain, wind, and mountain snow are expected this week with freezing temperatures. have your emergency kits ready and check in on vulnerable neighbors. stay up to date on available resources and shelter information here.			additional info...







park at bothell landing 


help shape the future of park at bothell landing! as part of the bothell city council 2040 vision and bothell parks pros plan, the council and community have prioritized improvements to the park and we need your input.						read on...







new councilmember terms 


council held their first meeting of the year last night with judge mara rozzano swearing in three councilmembers for four-year terms. congratulations mayor thompson, councilmember dodd and councilmember curd!						read on...







rain and flooding updates 


several roads are closed in bothell due to flooding. if you come across water over the roadway, turn around and pick a different route. clear storm drains in your neighborhood of leaves and debris if you can do so safely to help prevent flooding.			additional info...







new art exhibition at bothell city hall 


artist enid smith becker's semi-abstract landscapes are now on display at bothell city hall through january. you can meet enid and learn about her work at the bothell art scene art walk on dec. 14.						read on...







communities shining bright 


get ready to light up the season! the cities of bothell, kenmore, lake forest park, and shoreline are hosting the fourth annual winter porch light parade — a program showcasing communities shining bright during the holiday season.						read on...







name a bothell snowplow! 


we need your help naming three of our trusty snowplows as we get ready for winter weather! cast your vote for the coolest names by the end of november. winning names will be added to the snowplows you'll see around bothell.			cast your vote!







ballot drop box moved to bothell library 


the ballot drop box that was at city hall has been moved to bothell library located downtown at 18215 98th ave ne. find a complete list of ballot box locations near you today.			learn more...







the israel-palestine crisis, a statement from the mayor 


"our hearts break for everyone affected by the senseless violence in israel, gaza, and the west bank." read the mayor's full statement today. if you’re israeli and/or have connections to the region..."						read on...







take the lot efg survey 


council is exploring creative ways to temporarily activate city-owned lot efg as a community space. we've come up with four potential concepts and want to hear your thoughts with a five-minute survey, open now through nov. 10.			take survey...







trick-or-treat on main street 


on halloween night, trick-or-treaters will make their way down main street to experience 40+ candy stops hosted by local businesses and organizations! join us downtown from 5-7 pm for this beloved community tradition!			additional info...







october 26 comprehensive plan open house 


stop by skyview middle school between 5-8 pm to tour different imagine bothell comprehensive plan topics, provide feedback, participate in activities, and help shape the future of bothell!						read on...







save the date, fire prevention month open house 


join bothell fire on saturday, october 14 at station 42 for our annual fire prevention month open house featuring station tours, safety demonstrations, firefighter meet and greets, and more!			additional info...







bothell water customers asked to voluntarily reduce water use 


we have had an unusually dry summer and forecasts predict a potential delay in sustained fall rains. we are asking our customers to voluntarily use less water.						read on...







indigenous people's day event 


cascadia college is hosting an indigenous people's day event on monday, october 9 at 11 a.m. the event is open to the public and is an opportunity to connect and build bridges within the community.						read on...







now accepting applications for pop shops on main 


are you an entrepreneur or small business owner with big dreams? don't miss the opportunity to be part of the city's pop shops on main incubator program. apply online by october 11, 2023.						read on...







businesses invited to participate in free workshop series, register today 


are you ready to take your entrepreneurial journey to the next level? sign up for our free four-part workshop business series, beginning october 26.			learn more...







join us in celebrating welcoming week 


welcoming week is an international celebration that showcases the movement of communities striving to be more welcoming places for all! be part of the celebration and get involved.			learn more...







participate in community visioning sessions, happening sept. 11, 13 and 14 


help shape crisis response services in our region by participating in the regional crisis response agency's upcoming community visioning sessions.			learn more...







imagine bothell comprehensive plan update 


it's time for bothell to begin updating the imagine bothell comprehensive plan! what exactly is the comprehensive plan and why does it matter? find answers to these questions and more.						read on...







city of bothell welcomes anand manthripragada as human services coordinator 


in this new city role, anand will work closely with regional partners to anticipate and address essential community needs.						read on...







city hall art gallery now featuring "face time." 


now through november 1, community members are invited to stop by the city hall art gallery to see "face time," a group portraiture show featuring the work of four local artists.						read on...







help shape future transportation in bothell 


take a survey and add comments to our interactive map by sept. 30. your input will help guide decisions for improving mobility and access for all who walk, bike, roll, ride transit and drive in bothell.			take survey...







arts grant application now available 


the city of bothell arts commission is now providing grant funding to artists and organizations that showcase artistic achievements culminating in community participation.						read on...







bothell welcomes diversity, equity and inclusion coordinator, gabi cuna 


as the dei coordinator for bothell, gabi will work closely with staff and the community to develop a sustainable dei program for the city.						read on...







save the date, aid unit 145 ribbon cutting 


join bothell fire at station 45 on monday, august 14 at noon to celebrate bothell’s new aid unit, 145. attendees will hear remarks from city leaders while enjoying cake and light refreshments.						read on...







heat warning in effect 


temperatures are expected to reach the low to mid-90s through wednesday. stay safe and beat the heat by learning about ways to stay cool, swimming safety, cooling center locations, and more, all in one place.			learn more...







summer nights in bothell event series 


join the city of bothell for our summer nights in bothell event series, a weekly, family-friendly celebration that showcases our vibrant community through music, art, food and culture.						read on...







now seeking ballot measure committee members 


bothell city council, acting as the bothell urban ems district, is now seeking committee members residing in snohomish county to advocate approval of or rejection of an ems ballot measure.			learn more...







bothell city hall gallery featuring artist caryn vainio 


a resident of issaquah, artist caryn vainio gains her inspiration living near the foothills of the cascade mountains. visit the city hall art gallery to see her work firsthand today.						read on...







bothell's annual fourth of july hometown celebration 


we are now accepting applications for this year's grand parade, and are seeking nominations for grand marshal. apply online to be part of a hometown celebration unlike any other.			read on...







fourth of july parade and pancake breakfast 


bothell’s biggest hometown celebration of the year is just around the corner! join the city of bothell for our annual fourth of july pancake breakfast, children’s parade, and grand parade.						read on...







fireworks illegal in bothell this fourth of july 


fireworks are illegal in bothell (bmc 8.37) with limited exceptions. community members can help spread awareness by picking up free educational yard signs from bothell city hall.						read on...







sustainamania 2023 


our annual sustainability festival is coming back on august 12th, 2023 at bothell city hall. we are currently accepting applications for vendors and volunteers to help the public learn about living sustainably.			apply now...







live fire training, june 13-16 


bothell fire is conducting live fire training at husky village this week between 8am-4pm. the training allows crews to face real fire scenarios in a controlled setting. you can expect to see smoke and fire trucks.						read on...







celebrating juneteenth 


each year on june 19, we take pause to acknowledge the injustices suffered during slavery and the long-lasting implications of its aftermath and reaffirm our commitment to racial justice, healing, reconciliation, and unity.						read on...







city of bothell judged best tasting water in king county 


bothell walked away with top honors at the 11th annual best tasting water competition. this event is held each year to highlight the hard work our cities and districts perform to...						read on...







sidewalk survey 


share your thoughts on how we can make sidewalks, paths, and crossings safer for all pedestrians to help us prioritize projects. complete a ten-minute survey by may 15 to be entered to win one of ten $25 gift cards.			take the survey...







city of bothell welcomes interim fire chief 


the city of bothell is pleased to welcome mark risen as interim fire chief. chief risen retired from the fire service in 2017 and has stepped out of retirement to serve the bothell community.						read on...







join us for the middle housing community forum 


the city is considering ways to add more housing types in bothell. be part of the middle housing conversation and join us at city hall on may 3 from 6-8 pm to ask questions and provide feedback.			additional info...







april 25 stride brt meeting 


join sound transit for a drop-in session on april 25 from 3:30-6:30 at bothell library to get the latest updates on stride bus rapid transit in bothell. see design updates and project renderings, ask questions and share your thoughts.			read on...







quarterly council update featuring benjamin mahnkey 


over the last few months, exciting things have been happening with our public safety agencies and it’s my honor to highlight a few of them for you today on behalf of city council.						read on...







regional crisis response agency welcomes new executive director 


the newly formed regional crisis response (rcr) agency announces brook buettner as its first executive director.						read on...







save the date for the fire station 42 ribbon cutting and open house 


community members are invited to join the city of bothell on saturday, march 25 from 10 a.m. - 12 p.m. for the fire station 42 ribbon cutting and open house.						read on...







new crisis response center in kirkland to serve north king county 


the crisis response center will be the first of its kind in king county to provide a spectrum of care services from walk-in mental health to substance use crises.						read on...







city council adopts 2040 vision for bothell 


on march 7, city council adopted an inspiring 2040 vision for bothell that they themselves created earlier this year. see where bothell is heading and the plan to get there today.			read on...







bothell fire department offers cpr/aed and first aid classes to the community 


learn how to save a life. every year, over 350,000 people die from cardiac arrest in the united states. with your help, we can bring that number down.						read on...







bothell city hall gallery showcases new exhibit 


local artist, john worthey, now has oil paintings on display at bothell city hall gallery. community members are invited to see his work firsthand anytime during city hall hours, now through may 2, 2023.						read on...







bringing communities together 


dan and sojn hudson are an inspiring couple who define what it means to serve and to bring communities together. join us in celebrating black history month and read their story today.						read on...







join bothell in celebrating black history month 


american history is black history. this february, we celebrate the incredible feats as well as contributions that black americans have made to shape our nation for the better.						read on...







middle housing updates 


the city of bothell is considering different approaches to allow more 'middle housing' in residential neighborhoods such as duplexes and townhomes. stay informed and see upcoming meetings and events today.						read on...







welcoming finance director kwan wong 


the city of bothell welcomes kwan wong as its new finance director. kwan’s role as the finance director for bothell is to provide strategic and visionary leadership and serve as the chief financial officer.						read on...







amanda dodd's journey to joining council 


councilmember, amanda dodd, has called bothell home for over 29 years. she moved to the city when she was just five years old and it is where she resides today in a multigenerational home.						read on...







holiday health and wellness 


for many of us, the holiday season comes with a mix of emotions. kick those holiday blues and prioritize your mental health with wellness tips from our friends at the center for human services.						read on...







quarterly council update 


the winter holidays are coming up! across the city, families and individuals from diverse backgrounds will be joining together to celebrate a variety of special days.						read on...







bothell police seeks advisory committee volunteers 


bothell police is seeking community members who are interested in applying to serve on its very first bothell police community advisory committee (bpcac).			read on...







bothell city council adopts 2023-2024 budget 


on tuesday, december 6, bothell city council unanimously adopted the city’s 2023-2024 biennial budget. the budget represents the city’s proposed revenue and spending plan for the next two years.						read on...







toni call joins city of bothell as deputy city manager 


today marks the first day in office for bothell's new deputy city manager, toni call. “i am excited to join the team at bothell to support the services needed in such a growing and thriving city."						read on...







bothell's winter porch light parade returns 


the cities of bothell, kenmore, lake forest park and shoreline have partnered to celebrate communities shining bright with the 2022 winter porch light parade from december 1-31, 2022						read on...







make the season bright by giving back 


are you looking for ways to give back this holiday season? learn about local agencies that support bothell community members and consider donating today to make a difference tomorrow.						read on...







five cities form regional crisis response agency 


bothell, kenmore, kirkland, lake forest park, and shoreline city councils have adopted a partner agreement to form a new regional crisis response (rcr) agency.						read on...







wind and flooding updates 


despite heavy rains and wind, there are no additional road closures or power outages to report. crews are assessing bothell's parkland and facilities and are removing any fallen trees and debris.						read on...







baloo's barkery selected to be newest pop shop on main 


baloo’s barkery which specializes in simply made dog treats has been selected to be the city’s newest pop shop on main and will be open for business on november 26.						read on...







bothell welcomes new community development director 


jason greenspan comes to bothell with over 25 years of experience in planning and community development at both local and regional levels.						read on...







the fall bothell bridge newsletter has arrived! read the latest city news 


the quarterly fall bothell bridge newsletter has arrived! read the online version today to get the latest city of bothell news, information, and updates.						read on...







city of bothell welcomes new councilmember 


please join city of bothell in welcoming amanda dodd to bothell city council. on tuesday oct. 4, king county council appointed amanda to fill city council...						read on...







now accepting applications for pop shops on main 


are you an entrepreneur with a great idea or an existing home-based business? if so, the city of bothell has an exciting opportunity for you!						read on...







bothell and kenmore celebrate orca recovery day 


community members are invited to participate in the 5th annual orca recovery day – a series of local restoration events happening october 15 and 16.						read on...







new city of bothell website coming september 20 


beginning september 20, city of bothell’s website will have a fresh look and feel making information easier to find, more accessible, and mobile-friendly.						read on...







senator cantwell visits bothell in celebration of $19m grant 


on august 16, u.s. senator cantwell joined local leaders to celebrate the $19 million federal raise grant awarded to the bothell way widening project.						read on...







councilmembers awarded certificate of municipal leadership 


we are pleased to share that city of bothell councilmembers, jeanne zornes, ben mahnkey and jenne alderks, recently earned a certificate of municipal leadership.						read on...







council meetings move to hybrid format 


beginning july 1, 2022, city of bothell council meetings will be moving to a hybrid format that includes both in-person and virtual attendance.						read on...







bothell bridge newsletter, summer 22 


see what community events are just around the corner, learn about bothell's new city manager, kyle stannert, and read about other exciting city news including new staff highlights, ball field replacement updates and summer sustainability.						read on...







community listening sessions for diversity, equity and inclusion 


join us for a community conversation about diversity, equity, inclusion and belonging. sign up for one of several virtual zoom sessions being offered over the next few weeks.						read on...







black history month, the life of benjamin mcadoo 


black history month is a time to celebrate the extraordinary contributions of black americans. this month, we're honored to share the story of benjamin mcadoo, washington state's first licensed black architect who made bothell his home.						read on...







city manager recruitment process 


the search continues for our next city manager. if you are a strategic thinker with a passion for public service and a vision for a vibrant future, than consider joining the city of bothell team.						read on...







bothell bridge newsletter, winter 21-22 


read about the city's most recent work in diversity, equity and inclusion, community academy, pop shops on main, the fire stations rebuild project and more, all inside the latest edition of the bothell bridge.						read on...







join the diversity, equity and inclusion advisory committee 


the city of bothell is seeking community members to serve on a new diversity, equity and inclusion (dei) advisory committee. those interested should apply by january 10, 2022.						read on...







city unveils veterans memorial drive 


on the morning of wednesday, november 10,  councilmembers, staff and veterans, humbly gathered to celebrate the official unveiling of veterans memorial drive						read on...







come enjoy the new gallery exhibition at bothell city hall 


the city of bothell arts & festivals commission invites you to explore visual art at the new gallery exhibition at city hall, 18415 101st ave ne in bothell.						read on...







city council preserves entire wayne golf course in city’s largest parkland acquisition 


deal saves more than $6 million from earlier purchasing proposals						read on...







mathew pruitt becomes city of bothell’s new human resources director 


mathew pruitt will become the city of bothell’s new human resources director effective dec. 27.						read on...







bothell city council approves purchase of wayne golf course front 9 


at tuesday night’s regular city council meeting, the bothell city council authorized the city to buy 49.9 acres of the wayne golf course, known as the “front 9,” by the end of this year for an estimated $3.4 million.						read on...







view all articles




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 




 














community calendarsee what’s going on
 






  
 
 





 events
 meetings




 events










february 2025




sun


mon


tue


wed


thu


fri


sat




26
27
28
29
30
31
 1

 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8

 9
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
 1












mon, feb. 17



presidents' day - city hall closed









wed, feb. 19



startup 425 - startup & small business coworking








view all calendars




/calendar.aspx





 meetings










february 2025




sun


mon


tue


wed


thu


fri


sat




26
27
28
29
30
31
 1

 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8

 9
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
 1












tue, feb. 18



city council regular meeting









wed, feb. 19



civil service commission meeting




hybrid planning commission meeting








view all calendars




/calendar.aspx







 
 
 



 





stay informed, subscribe today


 
 














bothell news








emergency alerts










 
 
 




 














popular linkshow can we help?
 






  
 
 














city council 



police department







parks and recreation



document library







imagine bothell comprehensive plan



pop shops on main









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 














47,784bothell residents
 




311miles of road
 






  
 














3,600bothell businesses
 




400acres of parkland
 






  
 
 



 















 






  
 









     





 
 



  
 







contact us







bothell city hall18415 101st avenue nebothell, wa 98011phone: 425-806-6100contact us
 






  
 



  
 







quick links







attend events



boards and commissions



city council



city services



fun things to do in bothell



bothell municipal code









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







helpful links







home



site map



accessibility



copyright notices



employee access









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close



















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









