




 


voice for children who are deaf and hard of hearing - home









































log in



























remember me
forgot password









 





home




join



member benefits



book of memories







volunteer







about us



chapters




publications




staff & board




our funders and sponsors







donate




our programs



parents




children/youth




early years




educators/alumni




advocacy/public education




youth mentorship




seac







events



dress loud day 2024




conference 2023



agenda 2023




speakers 2023




sponsors 2023




venue 2023




conference materials 2023




organizing committee 2023







conference 2024




conference 2025




voice camp 2024




agm 2024







resources



dress loud day 2024 resources




financial resources




mental health




library resources




educational resources



auditory rehabilitation resources




resources for teens







other language resources




avt/lsls resources



avt/lsls professionals







audiology resources




other organizations




conference 2021 resources







contact






save the date!we’re excited to invite you to the voice 2025 conference, an event that brings parents, professionals, and advocates together! this virtual two-day event will take place on may 2-3.if you’re a professional looking to expand your knowledge to better support children with hearing loss—while earning ceus  toward your continued education requirements—please consider registering!if you’re a parent seeking to connect with incredible speakers and gain tools to empower your child to navigate life with hearing loss, this is a fantastic opportunity to join us.we will be thrilled to have you!visit the conference page to learn more and register.

 
learn more about voice



who we are

voice is an organization that develops and implements programs and services encompassing advocacy, family support, and public education. voice has connected hundreds of parents and families of children with hearing loss and has become one of the largest support organizations of its kind.
read more

our programs

voice offers multiple programs for parents, educators, teens, children, and newly arrived families. we work through programs of advocacy, support and education to connect those with hearing loss and ensure success in their lives.
see all our programs


 
member benefits

by becoming a voice member you are able to contribute to the continuing support of children who are deaf or hard of hearing. you'll be given access to helpful educational and financial resources, as well as be given the opportunity to attend speciality events to connect further with those in the deaf or hard of hearing community.
connection: you are connected to a larger group banded together to produce positive results for those living with hearing loss.
conferences / events: by attending our conferences, you are provided with quality education and networking opportunities with parents who have children who are deaf or hard of hearing, professionals, and educators.  voice regularly hosts events for children who are deaf or hard of hearing as well so they too, can connect and learn from other children. as a voice member, you're also able to attend these events at a reduced cost!
public policy / advocacy: voice values the opinions of its members and has programs centred on assuring that your voice is being heard. by having a network of special education advisory committee (seac) professionals and provincial parent association committee (ppac) individuals, voice is able to reach and share impactful resources and contacts for members more quickly.
free informational services: voice keeps members in touch with each other and current issues through the website and email newsletter updates of emerging issues relevant to hearing loss. as a member, you  remain informed about the ongoings of deafness and hearing loss in your region.read more



upcoming events


no upcoming events



stay informed  
if you want to stay informed about our news, events, and articles about hearing loss subscribe to our newsletter.
subscribe
 






























voice for children who are deaf and hard of hearing 478 dundas st. west, p.o. box 30045oakville, ontariol6h 6y3email: admin@voicefordeafkids.complease email us and we will respond with email or a call back if requested.











copyright 2023 © voice for children who are deaf and hard of hearing











powered by wild apricot membership software











