


one capital funding 









































one application, multiple competing offers, fast funding.



one capital funding


888-509-1266


online application
apply now
contact us
faq
why us
about us
how it works


navigation

how it works
about us
why us
faq
contact us
apply now
online application



















get $10,000 to $500,000 in working capital!
see how much you qualify for...


my business has been active for at least 3 months.



yes
				  

no
				  




my business is free of current liens or judgments.



yes
				  

no
				  



my approximate credit card sales are  per month.

my approximate total sales are  per month.


find out now


featured in











how it works



1submit your answers
fill out the form above to see how much you qualify for.



2apply
complete a simple, one-page loan application. it only takes a few minutes and it's free! gain access to our network of over 120+ lenders nationwide. you win when lenders compete.





3compare offers
our trademarked pairing process will show us which offers best meet your needs. a dedicated one capital funding advisor will discuss your pre-approved offers with you, handle the paperwork, and walk you through the entire process till you get funded.



4get funded
congratulations! capital in the hands of small business owners is our mission and what makes america great.







we have funded

$
1
3
,
8
3
3
,
5
0
9



to over



2
7
1

small businesses...as of january 24.2018











helping the right type of lender find you.
small business loans fast!
at one capital funding we do one thing extremely well, and that’s get small businesses the money they need to grow their business. instead of the slow and tedious process of applying for a loan with one bank at a time as most borrowers normally do, we leverage the power of technology and our network of over 120+ lenders nationwide to connect entrepreneurs with lenders who are looking for borrowers to loan to. 

we know business lending inside and out and we are proud to serve as a critical bridge between lenders and owners of local, established businesses whose success requires capital. best of all, one capital funding does not charge any kind of fee for the service of matching borrowers with lenders.
lenders pay us a small finder’s fee for our service. you will never pay us a dime. and we only get paid after you get your financing. in other words, we don't earn a penny unless we help you!







why us


with a network of over 23+ lenders nationwide, we will find you the best possible funding solution to fit your business needs.
one page application. one credit pull. multiple offers. 94% success ratio.no cost, no obligations
unsecured working capital. no personal collateral required. no equity to give up! you stay in control. peace of mind
why have one restrictive financing option when you can have several lenders compete for your business? when lenders compete. you win





























i need a loan!









more reasons to work with one capital funding.





we're fast

24 hour approvals
funding within 2 days




it's easy

qualify in just one click
3 minute application




we care

94% of our clients get funded
78% of our clients renew








what our customers are saying...



when i was looking to expand my hair salon by adding a second floor, i was under time constraints put on me by my general contractor and needed working capital fast. one capital funding not only got me the money i needed, but they gave me the best terms and financing options.
liza — miami, florida


















fantastic business and staff. excellent service. real people understanding real needs. they have an excellent team who go out of their way to get your deal done. ask for nelson, he's the best!
daniel — tampa, florida






we went with one capital funding for our business capital needs because the economy was getting to the point where banks did not want to take a chance on or lend money to small businesses, specially a startup that's only been in business for a few years.
matthew — atlanta, georgia


















i am extremely thankful that one capital funding was able to help me when no one else would.
diana — hollywood, florida






when we needed to expand our growing business, one capital founding was there to guide us through each stage of the loan process. our business wouldn't be the success is today without capital one founding's help
vicky — miami florida 





















get in touch






















 
















        © 2025 one capital funding
    






