



















































the internet is my playground!












photoblog


this is where the photoblog should be. but lj restricts it. working on a fix.



links


cyberantics.netmy flickr.mac homepagemyspacetribe.net



hackmancoltaire
the internet is my playground!


cyberantics.net


entriesarchivefriendsuserinfo





jun. 16th, 2008 @ 11:52 pm > missing my best friend

5comment




[ current mood
 | missing ]it's been almost a year now since that tragic breakup. almost a year since i could sit on the couch with my best friend and watch 'venture bros.', or share a beer and laugh at ghetto fubu happenings on 'i love new york'. almost a year since we could spend long drives making up summer blockbuster movies between us. and almost a year since i could lay down next to my best friend and fall asleep, cuddling her.something about me that i've come to terms with is that i don't hold long term grudges. i don't hate. i love, above all else and despite what transpired, the good feelings and the closeness that we shared rises to the top like a water, oil mixture.so yes, i will admit with no reserve that i miss the person who was my best friend. that beautiful, passionate, angry, creative, funny, challenging, and overall wonderful person. i miss her.i know, that might make me weak, and that might make me stupid. might lead to more hurt. but the miss is still there. and i don't think i'll ever be so hurt that i'll lose the ability to forgive.but certainly things are different with me now, i've made commitments that i feel strongly about, but that i feel still allow me the freedom i want. the kind of freedom i wasn't looking for before, but that still stems from a mutual respect that i felt was necessary before, but absent.i felt i was open before, open about the people i still loved, people who still held some emotional sway over me, admitted that i would never stop loving those people. i didn't try to hide it. but i also tried to drive home the point that she was now my focus and that there was a laundry list of signs and acts and words that backed up that statement, but none of that mattered compared to the fact that emotionally i was deeper and as far as love goes i might have an over developed sense of it. but she was my best friend, and that couldn't have been said for any of the other people i loved. and maybe that was the difference. as much as i may have loved other people, there was only one girl close to my heart that i considered my companion, and my best friend. and for one stupid argument or another, things came to an end.for future reference and for all you out there. don't let a heated argument over a netflix queue spill over into an argument about honesty and respect, and certainly don't let it spill over into telling someone that if they're so unhappy that they should leave....cause they just might.so yeah, she'll probably hate me for years to come, but i'll miss her all the same. specially during those times when i'm sitting here alone on the couch, laughing to myself over something i'm watching, that i know she'd laugh with me about. but sometimes thems the breaks.

jun. 9th, 2008 @ 12:31 am > diagnosis complete
comment



			well, after a very demoralizing saturday and sunday i finally completed the diagnosis of my fathers ibook g4. seems that just before he went on vacation to hawaii for a week his trusty ibook decided instead of sleeping when he closed it that it would instead crash and pegged the cpu and subsequently heat itself to maximum and run the fan, and hard drives full bore all week. so when he got back it wouldn't boot without crashing. now i had originally figured that the hard disk had become corrupted but after several attempts and repair with success and failure i decided i would replace the hard drive. well after that showed no improvement i next moved to running all the apple diagnosis on it. low an behold i think the problem was that the new 1gb memory chip i got for him a few months ago failed because of the over heating. because as soon as i removed it the whole thing worked like a charm again. :( sigh. so now i have to get him a new memory chip and try to get my money back for this other one that failed. what's interesting to note is that a bad memory chip (and by bad i mean working but faulty) can cause serious hard disk corruption. don't fuck with bad ram.anyhow now that i'm done with that i can finally rest. my dad will get a nice hd upgrade out of the whole deal and maybe a new version of ilife. ;)

may. 21st, 2008 @ 12:57 pm > drinktrain and the crystal skull train

1comment



			i did a photoshop of the new indy poster for our upcoming drinktrain outing :)

may. 14th, 2008 @ 10:13 am > liberty city vs. new york city
comment



welcome! originally uploaded by matthew johnston.this is a cool set for those wanting to see how closely liberty city matches new york. very neat for those playing gta4

apr. 26th, 2008 @ 01:35 pm > twitter in a smaller nutshell than it already was in

1comment





apr. 21st, 2008 @ 10:57 am > some of the best of the worst the internet has to offer
comment



			if you've never been, check this site out. http://theinternetisterrible.comlots of weird stuff from the internet that i've never seen. here's a jem:

apr. 12th, 2008 @ 05:18 pm > looking for a yuri's night carpool
comment



			anyone have room for a russian cosmonaut space bear?

apr. 11th, 2008 @ 05:38 pm > simplicity in progress
comment



			heya gang,my new media case finally came in today.i'm going to be putting all my dvds, cds and pc games in it and ditching all my cases. so this is also a solicitation. if anyone wants to buy lightly used cd or dvd cases please let me know. brand new cases cost like 20-40 cents a piece and since mine are slightly used i'll sell them for 10-20. hows that for a good deal. :d and if after a while i can't sell them then i'll be giving them away for free!!!so put in your dibs now if you need cases for media. could be good for distributing your new mashup album on the cheap. or whatever. :)here's to simplicity. :)

apr. 9th, 2008 @ 12:20 pm > uhm, wow. wrong on so many levels

6comment





apr. 5th, 2008 @ 10:20 pm > adventures in roomba-ing

2comment



			so my roomba has been out of commission for a few months now. after coming home one day to discover that it had only moved a few feet from where i had set it early that day, i decided to watch it more closely next time.the next time it decided not to move at all, or even turn on. :( i was a little disheartened by this because my roomba hadn't had a long career of vacuuming in the first place. and now it appeared dead. :( well after some checks only and some resetting here and there i determined that the problem was in my battery. i needed a new one. but seeing as they're not the cheapest things i had been procrastinating on purchasing one.today as i took the trash out i noticed a roomba box by the trashcan. i thought to myself "surely no one would have thrown away a whole roomba". man was i ever wrong. i opened the box and there was a well loved roomba discovery model. just like mine. eeery. as i was stepping out forthe day i quickly ran back upstairs with my find and tried to turn it on. dead. crap. so i turned it over and checked the battery. took it out and then plopped it back in. woho! success. a power on. i quickly put it on the charger and left for the day.when i came home it had been charging for about 10 hours. should have been enough time to get a full charge, but i'm not sure. so i unplugged it from the charger and set it to a simple clean cycle. yay, more success. the new roomba started along its merry way, and then.....uh oh.....it seemed to be going in circles instead of moving forward with a regular cleaning routine. it could go forward, but just wasn't. ok.....so i plopped the battery from the new one into my old roomba, that i had dubbed "sweepey" and tried to power him up. success. i set him on a normal clean cycle and he ran for about 25 minutes before powering off. i'm hoping that all he needs is a longer charge, but i'm not holding my breath. luckily i found a site which has some information on how to recondition batteries.http://www.roombareview.com/hack/battery.shtmli had put some googily eyes on top of sweepey to give him more personality, but in the process of his 25 minute test run he managed to rub off one of his eyes on the bottom of the couch. nice. he probably subsequently ate it. anyhow, either way now i have 2 roombas to work on and play with. :) i should be able to hack together at least one functioning roomba.so thanks neighbor. whoever you are. :)




navigation





[
viewing
|
most recent entries
]


[
go
|
earlier
]


































