mpumalanga hotel guide - mpumalanga resort accommodation, south africa 
homehotels near kruger parkmpumalanga resortssabi river hotelswitbank hotelscultural excursionsholiday packagesmpumalanga guidepopular selectionsmpumalanga hotel accommodationone of south africa's fastest growing tourist areas, mpumalanga, the "place of the rising sun", is a place of great scenic beauty and big game. for outdoor activities such as hiking, horse riding, fishing and game viewing, this is a holiday destination of a lifetime.



mpumalanga hotels
this definitive mpumalanga hotel guide is our personal selection based on safety, value and service. find sabi river, white river, nelspruit and hazyview accommodation.




panorama route

blyde river canyon boasts amazing scenery. other scenic attractions en route include god's window, three rondavels and bourke's luck potholes.






local culture

meet the cultural shangaan people of mpumalanga on a cultural tour. visit the bustling african market and shop for local crafts. be entertained by cultural dance, drumming and song.



resort hotels in mpumalanga

mpumalanga resort hotels are a great option for a family holiday in mpumalanga, south africa. large grounds offer a variety of fun activities and facilities that will entertain kids and adults alike.






sabi river hotels

sabie is a small, malaria-free town nestled in the majestic drakensberg escarpment of mpumalanga. it is less than an hour's drive from kruger national park. it is not to be confused with the sabi sands reserve or sabi river hotels located close to kruger.




hotels in witbank

the mpumalanga highveld region is a popular fly-fishing destination. the region also boasts breathtaking wild flower displays and excellent mpumalanga highveld hotels in witbank. also known as emalahleni meaning place of coal.





hotels near kruger park

the lowveld region is home to the oldest dolomite caves in the world, the sudwala caves, the city of nelspruit, the administrative capital of the province, as well as wonderful hazyview and white river hotels close to kruger park.




mpumalanga country lodges

another accommodation option is a mpumalanga country lodge or estate. these establishments offer golf, trout fishing, and all kinds of outdoor interests and activities, combined with gourmet adventures and a relaxed atmosphere.

kruger park safaricombine a holiday or business trip in the mountains with the game experience of the world renowned kruger national park. within easy access of gauteng, mpumalanga is ideal for business conferences and leisure travel. next - contact ustoggle navigationenquire(current)  contact us         mpumalanga hotel accommodation  customer support tel: +27 21 424 1037 fax: +27 21 424 1036 contact by mail business hours mon - fri. 08:00 - 17:00 saturday. 08:00 - 12:00 booking reservations and bookings booking conditions visa and passport about siyabona africa (pty) ltd   popular pages hotels near kruger park mpumalanga business hotels sabie hotels self-drive safari package nelspruit attractions    south africa hotel guide cape winelands cape town cape coast johannesburg pretoria and centurion sandton garden route kwazulu-natal limpopo sun city resort    ©2024 siyabona africa (pty)ltd - private travel   privacy settings


