



cardbox








 

 



cardbox
 



cardbox

what is cardbox?
system requirements
networking (and the internet)
company history
contact details


solutions

uses of cardbox
case studies
sample databases
public internet databases


support

knowledge base
forums
how to get help
help points
books & documentation


download


cardbox
cardbox server
manuals
other downloads







welcome to cardbox!




cardbox is free.
basic features
design your own databases by simply drawing 
          them on the screen.
 index any number of words, numbers and dates for 
          fast retrieval.
 search on simple or complex criteria.
 refine your searches step by step.
 view summaries or complete records.
 design your own print formats for reports, forms, 
          letters, labels...
 store photographs and scanned documents.
 attach files to your records: pdf, doc, mp3,...
up to 16,000,000 records per database.
advanced features
automate your work by using macros.
exchange data with microsoft office and other programs.
control access, with user profiles and passwords.
secure your data with strong aes encryption.
find out morefree download
 
 
 
the cardbox server is free.
multi-user / network
the cardbox server is a program which allows many cardbox users to share the same database simultaneously, across a local area network or across the internet.
share live data in real time with other cardbox users on your own network 
        or across the internet.
encrypted communications with the cardbox server ensure that nobody can listen in to your cardbox session.
host your databases on your own network server, or on a workstation, or on a server in the cloud.
automatic backup of all databases on a schedule you decide: to a specified location on your system, or to the cloud-based amazon s3 service.      
find out morefree download



cardbox runs on microsoft windows (all versions from xp upwards, including windows vista, windows 7, and windows server, both 32-bit and 64-bit).  the cardbox server runs on both windows and linux.

support · cardbox news & forums · cardbox 
          blog · older versions


simple formats

complex formats



photographs

scanned documents





© 2016 martin kochanski
"cardbox" is a registered trademark.
 


