




  






home - salem chamber of commerce, ma



















 

















































































pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events














































member login









info@salem-chamber.org









978-744-0004

























































 toggle navigation   





home
business directory

members






june membership month


member login


member directory


newsletter submissions


jobs








community






jobs


visitor info


real estate 


entertainment


lodging


dining


shopping








about us






about us


job opening: executive director position


board of directors


clean energy & innovation


doing business in salem


commercial property


cookbook


contact us


news 








events






chamber events calendar


celebrate salem awards dinner


living green expo


networking events


ribbon cuttings


small business saturday


salem sampler january raffle


salem chamber street fairs


haunted happenings grand parade








join






join today 


membership information
















































                                                    rendering of crowley offshore wind terminal
                                                










                                                    south salem train station - illustration
                                                










                                                    salem chamber ribbon cutting
                                                










                                                    new transportation modes in salem
                                                



















                                                    the haunted biz baz street fair
                                                










                                                    national park service salem maritime site - custom house
                                                



















                                                    seabourn quest first visit to salem
                                                












welcome to the salem chamber of commerce!
the salem chamber downtown office space is staffed each monday - friday, 9 am - 5pm. we advise visitors and members alike to contact staff by phone (t.978-744-0004) or email to set-up an appointment. to reach us by email: rinus oosthoek - rinus@salem-chamber.org or jeff swartz - jeff@salem-chamber.org.






















 


salem chamber
























leadership luncheon series - the port of salem
february 18, 12 noon - 1:30pm, hawthorne hotel

 
the salem rotary club and the salem chamber of commerce have joined forces for our final leadership luncheon. john berry of crowley wind service and daniel collins, offshore wind project manager & waterfront planner for the city of salem, will give an update on what's happening at the port of salem. also invited is the massachusetts clean energy center, majority owner of the port of salem

registration is required. click here for tickets.




























coffee connection at paradise dental associates
february 20, 2025, 8-9am




 
start your day off with coffee and networking at paradise dental! doctors stephen and helyne hamelburg have a combined 50 years of experience in dentistry and a dedicated staff to support all of their clients dental, periodontal, and endodontic care. enjoy connecting with your fellow salem chamber members in paradise dental's beautiful space on canal street.




 


for more information and to register click here. 
 
free for members / $20 for non-members. prospective chamber member looking to attend? email jeff@salem-chamber.org.

 
 






















 





















about us













the salem chamber serves as the voice for member businesses, representing, advocating and working to enhance the business and civic environment. with around 500 members, we are the largest business organization in salem.

read more...













join the chamber













be part of a dynamic & supportive business community!

 
 



















enewsletter signup













 






















stay up-to-date with everything salem - sign up for our weekly enewsletter now!
join our email list

 

 















featured member events













 


















2024 website and email sponsors














 







 








 
would you like your logo featured here? contact us now to learn how!



















2024 website and email sponsors














 



 

 

 
















































































































contact info












salem chamber of commerce

 265 essex street, salem, ma 01970

 978. 744.0004
 info@salem-chamber.org









































































© copyright 2025 salem chamber of commerce. all rights reserved. site provided by growthzone - powered by chambermaster software.

















 


