




 


business continuity planners association - home


















home


join us


contact







log in





















remember me


forgot password








 







 

 



home




about




join/renew



join bcpa: online or pay by check




renew membership







events




resources



special interest group







jobs




faqs



directions




contact us



















welcome to the business continuity planners association
the business continuity planners association (bcpa), based in minneapolis-st. paul, has supported business professionals with a non-profit, mutual benefit association for those participating in business continuity, emergency management, crisis management,  disaster recovery, vendor resiliency planning or a related professional vocation since 1994.

the mission of bcpa is to provide a professional and educational environment for the exchange of experience, dissemination of information, professional growth, and for added value of mutual interest to the membership.

bcpa membership is open to any and all professionals interested in the vocations identified above, or related vocations.

members will be assessed annual dues, payable upon receipt of invoice from bcpa, and will be informed of the uses of these dues at least annually. dues may be pro-rated on a semi-annual basis to bring a new member into the annual billing cycle.

questions for the bcpa? 
please email us at info@bcpa.org or leave a message for the bcpa president at 651-998-9609




secure360
the for the 2024 conference was a great event.  check out the recap. 



student internshipsin 2010, bcpa began a student internship program. each year we seek new student internship candidates for our board. if you are a student interested in learning more about business continuity or  would like to get involved with our organization as an intern, please click on the job description attachment: bcpa - intern v2017 .pdf .
student memberships
we encourage and invite students to become members of the bcpa to learn about risk management.  if  you are a student interested in joining our organization, please click on the student membership policy for more information:  bcpa - student membership v2018.pdf

featured events



america/chicago
march bcpa in person meeting:  constructing effective exercise programs

thursday, march 13, 2025 1:30 pm


edina corporate center, henderson a meeting room, 4700 w. 77th street edina, mn 55435





are you a senior leader?

learn more about our new special interest group dedicated just to you!

thank you to our host! 

we want to thank improving consulting for hosting our in-person meetings.  learn more about them here.

umsa scholarship

are you a student studying in the security or risk-related field? apply for a scholarship!  application due february 28, 2024

get social! connect with bcpa on social media

    






 

thank you to our key partners for supporting the bcpa .







 
check out these great resources 






 

storm prediction center


 







 






























proud member of umsa (upper midwest security alliance), a nonprofit alliance of security and risk-related organizations and host of the secure360 conference.




home

about

join/renew

events

resources

jobs

faqs



copyright 2021 bcpa.org. all rights reserved











powered by wild apricot membership software











