











learn about ccr - california cancer registry


















































































menulearn about ccrdata standards and reportingaccessing ccr data 













menuwho uses this site?reporting professionalsreporting professionals ensure that cancer reporting is timely and accurate. ccr provides all of the reporting resources you need to optimize your reporting.
find out more
researchersresearchers perform analysis and interpretation of data critical to driving advances in cancer diagnosis and treatment. ccr provides the information you need to perform critical cancer research.
find out morepatients, caregivers and the publiccancer patients are reason we do this work—to improve the future of diagnosis and treatment. ccr provides resources for the entire cancer community. 
find out more closeabout ccrthe california cancer registry (ccr) – ccr is a statewide population-based cancer registry that collects information about almost all cancers diagnosed in california. our primary goals are to continue to streamline the process of reporting and to ensure that the data we obtain is of the highest accuracy and quality.learn more[1.2.1 purpose-of-cancer-registry] – purpose of cancer registry
[1.2.2 cancer-reporting-legislation]cancer reporting legislation
learn more
notifying patients[1.2.3 information patient]information for patientslearn more
 closeabout cancerabout cancer – despite the fact that cancer incidence and mortality rates are declining, it is estimated that nearly 1 out of every 2 californians born today will develop cancer at some point in their lives.learn more
[1.3.1 more about cancer rates]more about cancer rates [1.3.2 – community cancer concerns]community cancer concerns find out more
 closeresources
















﻿﻿































the next generation of cancer surveillancestarts with today’s reporting

















 


learn about ccr






 


data standards and reporting 






 


retrieve data















learn





learn
want to know more about ccr?

read more












report





report
how do i submit data?

read more












retrieve





retrieve
how can i access data from ccr?

read more






















﻿













california cancer registry (ccr) is a comprehensive state-wide cancer surveillance program and resource for the cancer community. we collect information about almost all cancers diagnosed in california. this information furthers our understanding of cancer and is used to develop strategies and policies for its prevention, treatment, and control. our goal is to streamline reporting methods and to collect information critical to advancing the future of cancer diagnosis and treatment.
see our new reports. 




























30
years of cancer research


 








5.8m
cancer cases for
research 


 








190k
cases added
annually


 











moving cancer surveillance forward












ccr meets the high data standards for the national program of cancer registries (npcr), the centers for disease control and prevention, and is gold certified by the north american association of central cancer registries (naacr).







 

ccr is recognized as one of the leading cancer registries in the world and has been the cornerstone of a substantial amount of research on cancer in the california population since 1988.























cancerspotlight




february is ... 
national cancer prevention month
more than 60,000 californians die from cancer every year. experts believe about one-third of these deaths could be prevented by making lifestyle changes and following cancer screening recommendations.



learn more about cancer prevention


























the face of cancer
















ever since ccr started collecting and analyzing data in 1988, the mortality rate for women diagnosed with ovarian cancer has been steadily decreasing. for survivors like sheila, this means that, now, she can focus on the future.
read more about sheila's story > 










our missiondelivering high quality cancer data used to save and improve lives.






ourvision

ccr will serve the public by collecting timely, standardized, statewide data across the cancer continuum to target action toward high impact data use.






our visionccr will serve the public by collecting timely, standardized, statewide data across the cancer continuum to target action toward high impact data use.


















sitemap




accessibility




use policy 



privacy policy


contact us





copyright © 2018 state of california



















 
 menu 
















learn about ccr

who uses this site

reporting professionalsresearcherspatients, caregivers, and the public back 
about ccr

purpose of cancer registrycancer reporting legislationnotifying patientsinformation for patients back 
about cancer

more about cancer ratescommunity cancer concerns back 
resources back
data standards and reporting

reporting by pathologists

when and what to reporthow to reportimplementing california ab 2325 back 
reporting by physicians

when and what to reporthow to reportmeaningful use reportingnotifying patientshipaa back 
cancer registrars, hospitals, and facilities

registrar resources and reportinghospitals and facilities resources and reportingsingle abstract reporting back 
software and vendors

approved software vendorsdata alerts for software vendors back 
 back
accessing ccr data

data for researchers

how to request ccr datadata preparation costs back 
patient record requestsdata for the public

cancer statistics and reportscancer fact sheetsdata on geographic variations back 
ccr library back
 


















 


