








maximizing independence and providing employment opportunities | lighthouse for the blind & low vision
























































tampa: 813-251-2407winter haven: 863-299-3633




facebook


twitter



linkedin




instagram




youtube







toggle high contrast toggle font size 











home
about

mission
history
board of directors
funding/affiliations
media center


services

program services
low vision services
employment services
store


blog
employer services
donate now
contact





















 





















independent living programsteaching individuals who are newly blind or visually impaired the skills needed to gain independence.
learn more about independent living programs








early intervention programshelping infants & young children who are blind or visually impaired to develop skills for independence and prepare for school.
learn more about early intervention programs








employment programsproviding individuals who are blind or visually impaired with vocational training and employment opportunities.
learn more about employment programs








transition for teenspreparing teens who are blind or visually impaired for college, the workforce and independent living.
learn more about transition for teens








donate now

employment opportunities

resources/faqs

upcoming events










maximizing independence and providing employment opportunities
lighthouse for the blind & low vision provides on-site comprehensive rehabilitation programs for persons who are blind or visually impaired in two locations in florida. on-site services are provided in tampa and in winter haven for persons residing in hillsborough, polk, and hardee counties.
our training programs are designed to help individuals who have recently lost part or all of their vision to gain the skills needed to perform daily living tasks independently and maintain their employment. rehabilitation engineering services are provided statewide by lighthouse assistive technology specialists to help blind or visually impaired individuals maintain their existing employment through the use of assistive technology and devices.
children who are blind or visually impaired need the proper tools and training to succeed. we help infants and young children develop independence and prepare for school. plus, we help teens prepare for college, the workforce and independent living after graduation.
if you or someone you know has an uncorrectable visual impairment that significantly affects daily activities or interferes with employment and employment-related tasks, please refer to our eligibility guidelines to see if you or they qualify to receive some or all of our services.
hillsborough county >
polk county >
hardee county>





search for:








featured blog




gaining independence is new normaldespite the challenges caused by the impact of covid-19, lblv pivoted from offering programs on-site to providing services through virtual or phone sessions to support those who recently lost part or all of their vision.read more



 

 
 






our sponsors























lighthouse for the blind & low vision is a nonprofit 501(c)(3) organization that provides programs and services at no charge to persons who are blind or visually impaired.
a copy of the official registration and financial information may be obtained from the division of consumer services by going to www.floridaconsumerhelp.com or by calling toll-free 1-800-435-7352 within the state. registration does not imply endorsement, approval, or recommendation by the state. 100% of all contributions benefit tampa lighthouse for the blind dba lighthouse for the blind & low vision, ch43.



headquarters
1106 west platt streettampa, florida 33606phone: (813) 251-2407fax: (813) 254-4305
ein: 59-0637876







copyright © 2017-2025 lighthouse for the blind & low vision. all rights reserved. | sitemap





facebook


twitter



linkedin




instagram




youtube






 


























