


cheapandchicnyc






















    
	cheapandchicnyc
	
  
hi!  we're cheap and chic nyc, your source for fun and frugal things to experience around new york city.  we cover travel, shopping, restaurants, nightlife, outdoor fun, music, theatre, performing arts and everything in between.  browse for tips, check out our links, or share your own suggestions with us!










sunday, january 28, 2007



	 
	 indian rowe-east village
	 
    


have you been to indian rowe lately? well-check it out-still lots of great places to eat with tacky decorations-but a couple of new places have popped up. with bars!! no more byob in all of indian rowe. 6th street, between 2nd and 3rd.....the mystery of indian cuisine awaits you. cheap, good eats....that fills your hungry belly.ox
    


posted by cheapandchicnyc @ 10:59 pm
12 comments






friday, september 08, 2006



	 
	 cuppa tea luv?
	 
    


we had a little cheap and chic get-together last night and since i'm fighting a cold, i ordered a cup of tea. we were at an irish place so i thought they'd make a decent cup. sadly, it was cold, weak and -- served in a coffee cup! horrors! serious tea drinkers will understand my displeasure.movin outthis made me think of one of my favorite places in the city ... tea and sympathy on greenwich ave. they know how to brew great cup of tea and they have a great menu. most lunch dishes are under $10 unless you want to treat yourself to high tea. it is all terribly british. they offer catering, tea over the internet and have a store next door - a salt and battery.movin outlovely!movin outtea and sympathywww.teaandsympathynewyork.comopen mon - fri from 11.30am - 10.30pm and sat - sun from 9.30am - 10.30pmin the west village at108 greenwich avenuenew york, ny 10011between 12th & 13th street opposite the entrance to jane street212 989 9735, email at info@teaandsympathynewyork.com



posted by cheapandchicnyc @ 2:29 pm
18 comments






wednesday, august 16, 2006



	 
	 mexican delight
	 
    


cheap margaritas and cheap food. but, delicious margaritas and delicious food. check out blockheads where the portions are plentiful and their cheap refreshing drinks will get you tipsy. i had a chicken quesadilla filled with rice, beans, lettuce, chicken, guac…for $11.99 and it was amazing and did not burn a hole through my pocket. (o jokes here, please!)  the frozen sangrias are divine and at $3.50 a pop, you can’t just have one! blockheads offers traditional mexican fare at reasonable prices that will fill your belly. check out their sun deck-the perfect place to hang out with friends while sipping their deliciously cheap drinks and devouring their endless supply of salsa and chip. hmmmm…chips! i wish i was in mexico right now, but alas i am not. so, blockheads is where i will drink delicious cheap margaritas and hang out on their sun deck until it gets cold outside. blockheads499 third avebetween 33rd street and 34th street(212) 213-3332



posted by cheapandchicnyc @ 11:31 am
16 comments






monday, august 07, 2006



	 
	 theatre for the new city takes its message to the streets
	 
    


summer has arrived in earnest, and at tnc, that means one thing: street theater! this summer, tnc's award-winning street theater company is set to begin their tour of new york city with their new musical, tap dance. written and directed by crystal field, with music composed and arranged by joseph vernon banks, tap dance features a cast of 30 actors, a 10-person crew, stage managers, 3 assistant directors and a 6-piece band, all set to delight crowds all over the city. tnc's street theater is free for all, and is one of new york's can't miss summer events!next weekend marks the opening of tap dance, as we perform saturday in our own east village and sunday in harlem. if we're not in your neighborhood this weekend, don't worry! we'll be there soon enough!tnc's award winning street theater companyin their annual summer tourtap dancean operetta for the streetwritten and directed by crystal fieldmusical score composed and arranged by joseph vernon banks"it's all in the wrist! let's hit a home run for the homeland!"about tnc street theatertnc's award-winning street theater always contains an elaborate assemblage of trap doors, giant puppets, smoke machines, masks, original choreography and a huge (9' x 12') running screen or "cranky" providing continuous movement behind the actors. the company of 25 actors, twelve crew members, two assistant directors and five live musicians shares the challenge of performing outside and holding a large, non-captive audience. the music varies in style from bossa nova to gilbert & sullivan.s c h e d u l esat, august 12th - 2pm - manhattan - st. marks church, e. 10th st at 2nd avesun, august 13th - 2pm - brooklyn - herbert von king park at marcy & tompkinsfri, august 18th ­ 8pm - brooklyn - coney island boardwalk at w. 10th st.sat, august 19th - 2pm - bronx - st. mary's park at 147th st. & st. ann's avesun, august 20th - 2pm ­ manhattan ­ central park bandshell, 72nd street crosswalksat, august 26th - 2pm - brooklyn - prospect park concert grovesun, august 27th - 2pm - staten island ­ clove lake park, clove road & victory blvd.sat, september 9th - 2pm ­ manhattan - wise towers at w. 90th st bet. - columbus & amsterdamsun, september 10th - 2pm ­ queens ­ travers park, 34th ave between 77th & 78th streetssat, september 16th - 2pm - manhattan - tompkins square park at e. 7th st and ave. asun, september 17th - 2pm - manhattan - washington square parktheater for the new city155 1st avenuenew york, ny 10003for reservations call (212) 254-1109 



posted by cheapandchicnyc @ 5:07 pm
9 comments






sunday, august 06, 2006



	 
	 company has cool cocktails and a great place to bring some good company!
	 
    


so, it's hot in nyc. the best thing to do is get an ice cool cocktail in a hopefully air-conditioned place. i had some mean martinis in a place called company. located on 10th street between 1st and 2nd. it is happy hour from 1pm-10pm every day, so all beers and well drinks are 2 for 1 and martinis are $5. plus they have some delicious-low cost snacks to sober you up between ice, refreshing drinks.so, grab some company and have some afternoon delight at company. it's important to hydrate in this heat. let me know where you stay cool in this heat. cheers!
    


posted by cheapandchicnyc @ 8:43 pm
1 comments






sunday, april 30, 2006



	 
	 shameless self-promotion
	 
    


 my group, the westchester symphonic winds, will be performing on saturday, may 13 at 8pm at fordham's marymount college spellman auditorium in tarrytown, ny. we are a concert band of around 70 musicians from the ny tri-state area, currently "ensemble-in-residence" at concordia college in bronxville, ny, and play several concerts each year, often at suny purchase and the tarrytown music hall.our concert on may 13th will feature classics such as gershwin's rhapsody in blue, copland's lincoln portrait and el salon mexico.  marymount is easily accessible from manhattan via the metro north railroad's hudson line, convenient to the tarrytown station. come join us for an evening of great music in the 'burbs!oh, and listen to our podcast of a selection from one of our recent performances: copland's fanfare for the common man.  click here to listen.
    


posted by cheapandchicnyc @ 1:16 am
0 comments






saturday, april 29, 2006



	 
	 springtime and outdoor seating.  livin' the hi-life!
	 
    


now that spring has sprung and the ice salt seems to have vanished, grab a friend and enjoy the outdoors in nyc. so much to do and so much to eat. start the day off with a jaunt through central park. this park is huge and there is so many fun hiking trails and areas to explore. plus, there is a zoo and canoes to rent. after a busy day, you have to be hungry? i'm hungry just writing this blog. i found a great place, for drinks, food and wonderful outdoor seating. the menu, which features steaks, burgers and pasta in addition to sushi. starters include potato skins, slathered in cheese and bacon bits and a warm goat cheese salad. salads and pasta are listed under "big bowls"; sushi is half-price on mondays and tuesdays. let me know what you think.hi-life bar & grill477 amsterdam avenew york, ny 10024 (212) 787-7199cross street: 83rd streetdirections: 1, 9, at 86th sthttp://www.hi-life.com/



posted by cheapandchicnyc @ 1:18 am
2 comments










about me

name:  cheapandchicnyc 
location:  connecticut, united states 
view my complete profile

useful links

manhattan subway map
manhattan bus map
lower manhattan subway and bus map

all-blogs.net


blogsweet.com
bloguniverse.com




blog

other blogs

platinum blonde life
a guy in new york
newyorkology
metroblogging nyc
quarter life living
recommended reading








previous posts

indian rowe-east village
cuppa tea luv?
mexican delight
theatre for the new city takes its message to the ...
company has cool cocktails and a great place to br...
shameless self-promotion
springtime and outdoor seating.  livin' the hi-life!
a good find!discounts on designer handbags, shoes,...
free ice cream in nyc - yipppeeee!
theater thursday - sort of


archives

february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
august 2006
september 2006
january 2007








 





