




platform engineering services | accenture







































































skip to main content
skip to footer




























insights


services


















cloud
			  
		  


cybersecurity
			  
		  


data and artificial intelligence
			  
		  


digital engineering and manufacturing
			  
		  


emerging technology
			  
		  


ecosystem partners
			  
		  


finance and risk management
			  
		  


infrastructure and capital projects
			  
		  


learning
			  
		  


marketing and experience
			  
		  


metaverse
			  
		  


sales and commerce
			  
		  


strategic managed services
			  
		  


strategy
			  
		  


supply chain
			  
		  


sustainability
			  
		  


talent and organization
			  
		  


technology transformation
			  
		  




















industries


















aerospace and defense
			  
		  


automotive
			  
		  


 banking
			  
		  


 capital markets
			  
		  


chemicals
			  
		  


 communications and media
			  
		  


 consumer goods and services
			  
		  


 energy
			  
		  


health
			  
		  


 high tech
			  
		  


 industrial
			  
		  


 insurance
			  
		  


life sciences
			  
		  


natural resources
			  
		  


 public service
			  
		  


private equity
			  
		  


 retail
			  
		  


software and platforms
			  
		  


 travel
			  
		  


us federal government
			  
		  


utilities
			  
		  




















careers


















careers home
			  
		  


search jobs
			  
		  








join us
join us

careers


executive leaders
			  
		  


experienced professionals
			  
		  


entry-level jobs & internships
			  
		  


military and veterans
			  
		  


training & development
			  
		  


recruiting process
			  
		  


rewards & benefits
			  
		  








explore jobs
explore jobs

careers


search jobs by areas of expertise
			  
		  


consulting jobs
			  
		  


corporate jobs
			  
		  


digital jobs
			  
		  


digital engineering and manufacturing jobs
			  
		  


operations jobs
			  
		  


strategy jobs
			  
		  


metaverse jobs
			  
		  


technology jobs
			  
		  


ai jobs
			  
		  


cloud jobs
			  
		  


cybersecurity jobs
			  
		  


federal jobs
			  
		  


sap jobs
			  
		  


salesforce jobs
			  
		  




















about accenture















who we are
who we are

about accenture


about accenture
			  
		  


leadership
			  
		  


case studies
			  
		  


newsroom
			  
		  


investor relations
			  
		  


inclusion & diversity
			  
		  








how we're organized
how we're organized

about accenture


strategy and consulting
			  
		  


song
			  
		  


technology
			  
		  


 operations
			  
		  


industry x
			  
		  








in the u.s.
in the u.s.

about accenture


inclusion & diversity in the u.s.
			  
		  

























contact us


careers


locations






























usa





default (english)
all countries & languages

argentina (spanish)


australia (english)


austria (german) 


belgium (english)


brazil (portuguese)


bulgaria (english)


canada (english)


canada (french) 


chile (spanish)


china/hong kong sar (english)


china/mainland (chinese)


china/mainland (english)


colombia (spanish)


costa rica (english)


czech republic (english)


denmark (english)


finland (english)


france (french)


germany (german)


greece (english)


hungary (english)


india (english)


indonesia (english)


ireland  (english)


israel (english)


italy (italian)


japan (japanese)


latvia (english)


luxembourg (english)


malaysia (english)


mauritius (english)


mexico (spanish)


morocco (english)


netherlands (english)


new zealand (english)


norway (english)


philippines (english)


poland (english)


poland (polish)


portugal (portuguese)


romania (english)


saudi arabia (english)


singapore (english)


slovakia (english)


south africa (english)


spain (spanish)


sweden (english)


switzerland (english)


thailand (english)


uae (english)


united kingdom (english)


usa (english)


























cloud










platform engineering






enabling platform business innovation at speed to power future growth


























         platform-centered business models 
      
        
      
        
      
        
      
        
      





platform-centered business models




why accenture




awards & recognition 




news




join the team


















thrive in the platform economy


















the platform economy is impacting every industry, disrupting traditional business models and reshaping the business value chain. the best way to secure your future is to reinvent your organization with a platform-centered business model.​
our platform engineering team helps you navigate this new landscape with modern technology and specialized skills and practices to accelerate your platform journey.​





















platform engineering




accenture's video shows how we are helping clients develop platforms to power their businesses into the future.




view transcript































platform-centered business models


















a new wave of platform thinking is creating opportunities for companies to accelerate reinvention and value-creation.​
platform-centered business models facilitate interactions and share data and experiences across the enterprise and beyond—seamlessly connecting user bases and creating stickiness with customers. they enable companies to assemble and launch new services for consumption quickly, reuse models that are open and adaptable across the enterprise and scale farther, faster. ​
ever-evolving technology is at the core of modern platforms that power continuous innovation and adaptability. cloud is both​ the foundation and the enabler: platforms are built upon and activate opportunities across the cloud continuum, encompassing data, ai, and edge. modern, ecosystem-oriented platforms allow emerging technologies to be integrated and new partnerships to be forged, broadening the possibilities.​










































why accenture




our proven approach to platform engineering helps you build scalable platforms that are optimized for both experience and performance.


















a strong data and security foundation
our solutions tap into the entire cloud continuum and are powered by ai, data and security—for a resilient foundation today and well into the future.







deep and full stack platform capabilities
we bring top engineering expertise to design and build end-to-end solutions with composable architectures and reusable components to efficiently scale.







proven accelerators
our pre-configured blueprints reduce time to market, lower development costs and allow you to focus on core business competency.







robust ecosystem partnerships
our mature and evolving portfolio of ecosystem partners gives you access to ever-expanding opportunities to accelerate new solutions and drive growth.







end-to-end partner
we bring a powerful combination of platform technology, strategy, industry, and experience capabilities to transform the entire enterprise.

























“by helping our clients scale and enhance their platforms to introduce new business models and revenue streams, we help them thrive in today’s platform economy.”



— ram ramalingam, senior managing director and global lead - platform engineering






















awards & recognition


























leader in software platform engineering
leader in software product engineering​




                leader in software platform engineering 












zinnov has positioned accenture as the leading provider of software platform engineering in the zinnov zones 2022: engineering research & development (er&d) report.
"accenture’s comprehensive lineup of digital services and its cutting-edge technology platforms have established it as a definitive leader in the digital engineering space. the firm is well-positioned to accelerate value creation for its enterprise customers through its platform-led approach and innovative customer-centric offerings," - said sidhant rastogi, partner and practice head at zinnov.​



learn more



















































                leader in software product engineering​ 












everest group has recognized accenture as a leader in the software product engineering services peak matrix® assessment 2023.
“the company differentiates itself through its consultative play around platform engineering which has been augmented by its recent acquisition of headspring’s consulting practice,” said mayank maria, practice director at everest group. "accenture’s robust ip portfolio and partnership ecosystem, combined with its upskilling initiatives in areas such as product management, ai/ml, and security practices, have enabled it to deliver scaled engagements in emerging software product engineering areas."​



read the report















































































news








view more news releases












accenture completes acquisition of objectivity

together, accenture and objectivity’s expertise, strong engineering culture and delivery experience will help our clients pivot and launch new products.


read more








accenture acquires headspring to expand and enhance cloud first platform engineering capabilities

accenture acquired headspring, a cloud native and platform engineering services firm that helps clients accelerate their cloud transformations.


read more











view more news releases






















blogs




read our blogs to learn more on the trends, challenges and solutions impacting platform engineering.








view more posts













			cloud computing
		


how to move deeper into the cloud continuum with 5 key practices

although each organization has a different strategy, accenture shares five leading practices that can truly maximize value from the cloud continuum.


read more









			industry x
		


simplify your pivot to platform and become an industry leader

accenture's myproductplatform helps accelerate time to market, lower development costs and stay focused on core business competencies.


read more











view more posts






















meet our lead
































we’re at a technology inflection point where incremental changes to products or services aren’t enough to act as a security blanket from disruption.


ram ramalingam
senior managing director and global lead – platform engineering










meet ram


































join the team


















want to expand your impact, drive platform innovation and lead companies into the future? then we want to hear from you! be part of an interdisciplinary team working together to accelerate clients’ platform journeys and transform their business.



see open positions












































please enable advertising and social media cookies to be able to see this content.
click here to update your cookie settings.









visit our subscription and preference center



subscribe

















	        			about us
	        		



	        			contact us
	        		



	        			careers
	        		



	        			locations
	        		




























	        			privacy statement
	        		



	        			terms & conditions
	        		



	        			cookie policy/settings
	        		



	        			accessibility statement
	        		



	        			sitemap
	        		



	        			do not sell/share my personal information
	        		



				    © 2025 accenture. all rights reserved.
				    


















