






vifvf – victoria independent film & video festival




























 home
latest
film
independent
streaming
inspirational
guide
about
privacy




















top 12 online streaming services




 by: jessie edwards|in: film streaming|last updated: october 2, 2020


  
 



		presently, there’s not a single film in this world that is not legally streamed online, because if it isn’t they basically don’t exist. it is a fact that people of the 21st century are not anymore bounded to cable tv subscriptions and blockbusting movie releases. and because of a not-so-extravagant monthly fee, you can access some…	

read more











inspirational movie of all time that you need in your life




 by: jessie edwards|in: inspirational films|last updated: june 17, 2020


  
 



		who doesn’t love a good inspirational movie? they make us laugh, they make us cry, at some point both at the same time. and the greatest thing about these good films is that they know how to pierce right through the heart, cheer us up and we are bound to appreciate the “feels” of it…	

read more











legal tips for independent filmmakers




 by: jessie edwards|in: guide|last updated: march 22, 2020


  
 



		from life rights to reasonable use, this is what you have to think about legal issues before you make your documentary. life rights as of late at the edinburgh pitch/film festival a filmmaker made an extremely fascinating inquiry about “existence rights.” he asked whether he could keep a media outlet from covering an anecdote around…	

read more











movies that changed their original title besides “burnt”




 by: jessie edwards|in: film lists|last updated: december 2, 2019


  
 



		just this weekend was the uk release of burnt, a film around a culinary expert, starred by bradley cooper, who is so urgent for achievement that he is headed to gush such nonsense which makes you think he is less a cook and more a kind of intricate borat-style parody. however, cooper’s relentless “cynicality” isn’t even…	

read more











“star wars: the force awakens” breaks us advance ticket sales record




 by: jessie edwards|in: latest films|last updated: august 2, 2019


  
 



		star wars: the force awakens has crushed every single known record for advance ticket sales in the us, earning up more than $50m with simply under a month to go until the film is released in. george lucas says he would not coordinate another star wars film after the feedback. the sales overshadowed the past record…	

read more











much awaited movies of 2016




 by: jessie edwards|in: latest films|last updated: december 2, 2016


  
 



		2015 was an incredible year for motion picture lovers, particularly in the event that you are a fanatic of comic book adjustments and science fiction. we’ve seen some extraordinary hits this year, including magnificent revamps, continuations, and oscar-commendable elements. in case you’re a motion picture lover, you’ve most likely effectively defined some kind of timetable…	

read more











top 5 independent films of 2015




 by: jessie edwards|in: independent films|last updated: april 2, 2015


  
 



		it’s a fact that independent films oftentimes overcome new artistic ground in a way once in a while found in hollywood – their financial plans may be impressively littler however their aspirations regularly take off far higher than multiplex motion pictures, resisting type traditions and testing groups of onlookers to reevaluate the path in which…	

read more













hot <span>news</span>



  
 


top 12 online streaming servicesoctober 2, 2020 


  
 


inspirational movie of all time that you need in your lifejune 17, 2020 


  
 


legal tips for independent filmmakersmarch 22, 2020 


  
 


movies that changed their original title besides “burnt”december 2, 2019 


more news






greatest movies of all time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vo9wafhvc0



categories

film lists

film streaming

guide

independent films

inspirational films

latest films




recent posts


top 12 online streaming services


inspirational movie of all time that you need in your life


legal tips for independent filmmakers


movies that changed their original title besides “burnt”


“star wars: the force awakens” breaks us advance ticket sales record


tags2016 movies
a beautiful mind
action movies of 2016
adventure
film rights
free movies online
heartwarming movies
independent films
inspirational
inspirational movies
legal film distribution
movies
movies of 2015
movie streaming
online movies
rocky
seven pounds
star wars
top 15 movies of 2016
top inspirational movies of all time







© 2020 vifvf ·  















