








peppermint cottage bed & breakfast | "take a step back in time to the simple pleasures of life."



























































 



peppermint cottage bed & breakfast


					search				


primary menu

					skip to content				
home
b & b amenities

cottage inside tour
colonial beehive fireplace
cottage history
the flower gardens


reservations and rates

special packages


local attractions

videos of nearby nature


guest book
directions
contact us
the jackson guest room
jackson school history
 





search for:



 







peppermint cottage b & b

peppermint cottage fireplace
nestled in a peaceful valley between the finger lakes and lake ontario and right in the heart of the erie canal is the peppermint cottage and  historical jackson school house where, we offer a guest room rental. we are a finger lakes bed and breakfast  that offers lodging near the erie canal for bikers and boaters. the peppermint cottage is a wonderful vacation spot you will never forget.  
mural painting of the jackson school house by artist james zeger.
the jackson school cobblestone house (circa 1831) was started by cyrus jackson, a relative of president andrew jackson. the jackson school house served as a school until 1947. on the premises of the jackson school house is our finger lakes b&b, which served as judson rice’s colonial tin lighting workshop. judson purchased the school house in 1962 and lived with his wife isabel until his death in 1980. judson was known throughout the finger lakes for sitting in front of the colonial beehive fireplace and working on his early american tin lighting. isabel was famous for her hooked rugs and wildflower gardens.
in 1982 mark and diane de cracker fell in love with the early american charm and adirondack feel of the property. in 1998 the peppermint cottage b&b was opened for guests to “step back in time” and experience the simple pleasures of life including a warm fire a romantic candle-light breakfast, relaxing under the starts in a hot tub, or strolling through the victorian gardens of the peppermint cottage bed and breakfast . in the year 2001 the jackson school house was remodeled and a guest room was added in the jackson school, which is adjacent to the peppermint cottage b &b. the peppermint cottage b&b represents three r‘s: relaxation, rejuvenation, and a romantic get away that you will never forget! this unique bed and breakfast experience is waiting for you in nature‘s pleasant valley at the peppermint cottage bed and breakfast between the lake ontario and the finger lakes wine country.  

peppermint cottage b&b
336 pleasant valley road
lyons, n.y. 14489
315-946-4811
e-mail: peppermintcottage@gmail.com

we are sitting here by the fire as the second and final evening of our stay at the peppermint cottage comes to a close.  our experience here was all we could have hoped for, and we will leave tomorrow morning feeling relaxed and recharged.  we would like to thank you first for providing us with such an intimate retreat, and second for being kind and hospitable.  we look forward to a second visit.





 






"take a step back in time to the simple pleasures of life."

 "step back in time to the simple pleasures of life."
contact information 1-315-946-4811
email us

map locationpeppermint cottage336 pleasant valley rdlyons, new york 





					proudly powered by wordpress				









