












department of chicana and chicano studies - uc santa barbara























skip to main content












university of california, santa barbara






 


department of chicana and chicano studies - uc santa barbara





main menuaboutpeopleeducationnews20th anniversarygiving






















welcome to chican@ studies!
official statement in support of #blacklivesmatter here.
spanish version of official statement in support of #blacklivesmatter here.
established in fall 1970, the chicana/o studies department emerged from black and chicana/o student activism, most notably the north hall building take-over in fall 1968 and the el plan de santa barbara conference held at the francisco torres residential hall in april 1969. 
the ucsb chicana/o studies department was the first such unit in the entire uc system.  chicanx/latinx student organizing, namely the 1989 and 1994 hunger strikes, strengthened the department over time, leading to the creation of the world's first doctoral program in chicana/o studies which began in 2003.  the chicana/o studies department engages students in the interdisciplinary study of chicana and chicano history, culture, and politics. 
the department is fully committed to social justice and uprooting all systems of inequality.  in partnership with affiliated faculty from across campus and feminist and black studies ph.d. emphasis programs, the department's b.a./m.a./ph.d. programs challenge students to link theory with practice, scholarship with teaching, and the academy with the community.
 
 










 sal castro memorial lecture: oliver a. rosales 

 please join us for the sal castro memorial lecture on distinction in chicano history with dr. oliver rosales of bakersfield college. he will discuss his recent book on the civil rights history of bakersfield. dr. rosales received his ph.d. in history at ucsb. 

 
  
 sal castro memorial lecture 


 book presentation for giovanni batz, the fourth invasion 

 
  
  



more announcements

 






 











phone/fax
	tel: 805-893-8880
	fax: 805-893-4076
campus mailcode: 4120
campus maps
main office hours [pst]
	monday through friday
	9am-12pm and 1-4pm
mailing address
	department of chicana and chicano studies
	1713 south hall
	university of california, santa barbara
	santa barbara, ca 93106-4120


college of letters and scienceuc santa barbaraaccessibilityappropriate useprivacywebmaster


©2025
the regents of the university of california.
all rights reserved.
uc santa barbara, santa barbara, ca 93106


 




