

















welcome to delaney antique clocks | delaney antique clocks









































      skip to main content
    
























header navigation






contact


directions


links


videos


978-597-2231















last updated february 1, 2025.


 



 
 
 
 






















435 main st., west townsend, ma 01474



 











delaney@delaneyantiqueclocks.com



 



 








x















monthly
newsletter
signup



 






main navigation






home


featured


clocks 


tall case clocks


shelf/mantel clocks


wall clocks/barometers


wooden geared clocks


sold wall & shelf clocks


sold tall case clocks


interesting clock pictures


clocks in homes




clock makers


blog













 




























search

























 






 

 

 
 





























































new added inventory for the month of february.
with so many clocks to choose from, why not start here?click here






 





























metal clocks.
three very unusual clocks.click here






 





























our clock shop. a 360 degree view.
antique clocks for sale. click here for our newly added inventory.click here






 





























we hope you will visit.
an antique clock shop.click here






 





























we have a variety of clocks for sale.
click the on the links. click here






 





























largest selection of antique american tall case clocks. the lower level showroom.
food for thought.click here






 





























our shop in west townsend.
let it snow.click here






 



previous
next









 













































delaney antique clocks is located forty-five miles northwest of boston in west townsend, massachusetts. we are a family business that has been buying and selling antique clocks for fifty-five (55+) plus years. in that time, we have amassed the largest selection of antique american tall case clocks for sale in the usa. when you visit, you can expect to always find over 180 tall case clocks on display. representatives of which are many of the most famous makers working in america. in addition, you will find a wide selection of american wall and shelf clocks as well as french and english mantle and carriage clocks. if you are interested in antique clocks, or barometers, our shop is well worth a visit. 
we invite you to view our website often and check out our featured inventory. we work hard to update our site at least once a month with additional inventory. please keep in mind that the clocks pictured represent approximately fifty percent of our showroom inventory. we have numerous clocks that we have not listed. we look forward to your visit.













 




 






























 









contact
directions
featured
clocks
clock makers


delaney@delaneyantiqueclocks.com
978-597-2231
weekends 9am-5pm, weekdays by chance or gladly by appointment


  © 2025 delaney antique clocks™
designed by smizer design







 


































 


