





st. peter's seminary - roman catholic diocese of london on


































foundation annual report 2023/2024the past year in review read more





interested in theological studiesst. peter’s seminary offers a variety of theological courses. whether to earn a degree, to hone your teaching skills, or to audit a course to grow in your personal faith knowledge, there is a course for you. contact bernardine ketelaars by email at bgketela@uwo.ca or by phone at 519.646.7152 for more information.  read more





are you a registered nurse interested in wholistic healthcare and spiritual health.  personal growth in you nursing practice. answering christ's call to the sick. parish nursing may be for you! read more





are you interested in growing in knowledge of the catholic faith?courses at st. peter's seminary are open for those interested to audit or take for credit.read more





are you called to be a deacon?for more information and to register as an inquirer with the diocese of london visit: www.deacons.space\admissionsread more





st. peter's seminary foundation donationsas a donor, your gift can be applied broadly to the highest priority needs of the seminary, or more specifically at your direction, such as capital projects, bursaries for seminarians and students or support of programs. you can choose to impact the seminary right now or plan a gift for the future, even in perpetuity. the choice is yours.read more





formation in relational maturitythe f.i.r.m. project has been an ideal opportunity to integrate and bring to life some of the most valuable research drawn from the fields of theology, philosophy, and psychology as well as social work, anthropology, and business studies. read more





our visionforming priests, deacons, and laity for apostolic ministry according to the heart of christ, for the mission of the church in the world. read more




keyboard_arrow_left
keyboard_arrow_right










   
 

support uslibrarynews & eventssite menuabout usfaculty biospathways for tomorrow grantmission and historyseminary archiveshistory of st. peter's seminaryhistoric photoseducational effectivenessats accreditationboard of directorshonorary vp your vocationvocation storiespriesthooda day in the life international students prayer for vocation promote fr. david johnston's formation story seminary life vocation discernment lay ministrydegree programs for lay students & how to apply vocation story - certificate in pastoral ministry vocation story - m. div. degree program vocation story - m.t.s. degree program permanent diaconate programbrian hanley's vocation story history of the permanent diaconate permanent diaconate program how to apply toldo research reportf.i.r.m.what is f.i.r.m.?who funded f.i.r.m. and what are the overall objectives and goals?what are the eight (8) modules?how is f.i.r.m. integrated into seminary formation?how do i access the f.i.r.m. binder or modules?  is it copyrighted?if i have more questions about f.i.r.m., whom may i contact?our programsadmissionstuition fees for 2024 - 2025 financial assistance general academic regulations and policies for all degrees master of divinitymaster of theological studiespermanent diaconate programcertificate in pastoral ministryparish nursingbachelor of arts in philosophydegree course calendarsyour resourcesour friends and visitorssps silent retreat music on spotify our alumnialumni news from fr. michael prieur  mini reunion of st. peter's seminary grads - june 2018  two vietnamese ordinations and a winnipeg mini-reunion  holy hockey - the story of canada's flying fathers  sunday, november 11, 2018 - a special armistice memorial service at st. peter's cathedral  90 years young on february 21, 2019 employment opportunities the alumni directory - information and contacts publications by sps alumni alumni bulletins  lay graduates library privileges for alumni  need an alumni card? we can help! executive committee terms of reference distinguished alumni awards for our studentsessay style guideformation calendarsmass of ministries owl resourcesimportant university datescontact infostaff and faculty directorydepartment directory faculty directory conference servicesconference services st. peter's seminary foundationparkingsupport uscontact informationstaff of st. peter's seminary foundation online donation formmake a giftrecognitionfoundationboard of directors business/legal libraryabout monsignor a. p. mahoneyborrowingservicesresearch guidesstudent supportfaculty supportpolicieshourscontact inforeferencesannual library lectureguest privilegesloan policiesaccessibilitycopying and printingwireless accessbioethicsa.p. mahoney library privacy statementbiblical studieschurch historycanon lawevangelizationecumenismliturgical studiesmissiologypatristicspreachingsecond vatican council 1962-1965research strategiesi found some films in the library catalogue... now what? how do i write a book review? how do i evaluate research resources?  how do i find books on my topic? i found some books in the catalogue i can’t find the book that i want how do i find articles? how do i find documentary and/or feature films on my topic? scholarly journals how do i evaluate internet resources? how do i identify journal types? how do i write an annotated bibliography? public computer use policyintellectual freedom news & eventsemploymentgallerysitemapprivacy policya.p. mahoney library policiesacceptable use guidelines for electronic resourcescovid-19close




about usfaculty biospathways for tomorrow grantmission and historyseminary archiveshistory of st. peter's seminaryeducational effectivenessats accreditationboard of directorsyour vocationpriesthoodlay ministrypermanent diaconate programtoldo research reportf.i.r.m.what is f.i.r.m.?who funded f.i.r.m. and what are the overall objectives and goals?what are the eight (8) modules?how is f.i.r.m. integrated into seminary formation?how do i access the f.i.r.m. binder or modules?  is it copyrighted?if i have more questions about f.i.r.m., whom may i contact?our programsadmissionsmaster of divinitymaster of theological studiespermanent diaconate programcertificate in pastoral ministryparish nursingbachelor of arts in philosophydegree course calendarsyour resourcesour friends and visitorsour alumnifor our studentscontact infostaff and faculty directoryconference servicesst. peter's seminary foundationparking 



your vocation
discern and nurture your vocation with us

priesthood

vocations st. peter’s seminary welcomes the interest of all those who have heard—or are listening prayerfully for—christ’s call to the priesthood or religious life, as well as those supporting someone seeking to discern, whether you are a parent, teacher, mentor or friend. this site provides information on formation programs here at st. peter’s and some insight...
read more


lay ministry

the number of laity responding to god’s call to ministry is increasing, lay women and men have become an integral part of the life and mission of st. peter’s seminary.  enrolled in either of the two degree programs being offered, our lay students are prepared for ministry in parishes, hospitals, schools, or wherever god is calling them to serve...
read more


permanent diaconate

permanent diaconate program: restored after 1500 years by second vatican council, the diaconate is rooted in the new testament church. the apostles chose deacons to help them respond to the pressing needs of the infant church and to maintain fidelity to its mission of service. deacons are called to embody the ideal of every follower...
read more







future students
current students
alumni news
sps news
visitors and friends
support us


we thank you for your support, scan or click on the qr code below to donate:

 
st. peter's seminary is home to: 

and

 










 latest news


november 12, 20242024 advent appealseptember 30, 2024university of notre dame glee club - oct. 25, 2024september 26, 20242024 a.p. mahoney library lectureseptember 17, 2024join us for the 18th bishop's dinner for windsor-essex 

view more news



 upcoming events




view full calendar







location                 1040 waterloo street                 london, ontario. n6a 3y1                phone: 519-432-1824
view directions





st. peter's seminary


 


© 2025 - st. peter's seminary
employmentgallerysitemapprivacy policycovid-19 














