


















heroes west - home page







































home









home page list:



proceed to ...
**home page for website**
2023 home page - previous poems
2022 home page - poems
2021 home page - poems
2020 home page - poems
2019 home page - poems











geme autry's birthdayseptember 29, 2023

gene autry was born on this date in 1907.  it is sad to me that, just three days later, we mourn the anniversary of his passing on october 2, 1998. an online friend of mine, and relative of gene's, charlotte autry, wished me "happy gene autry day!" and i wish the same to you (you can see my tribute page to miss charlotte here).
tumble, please, oh tumbleweeds,as we remember years that flyfrom past, where heart-felt tear proceedsfrom mexicali rose, goodbye.when ridin' down the canyon flows,and twilight on the trail bestowsits gift to home upon the range--embrace red river valley's changewhile right back in the saddle again,with twilight on the trail, no woe--these give us all a chance to pensweet words of peace, with joy to flow!© paul l. white
 
day after my birthdayseptember 14, 2023

i was overwhelmed, in a positive way, by so many birthday greetings on facebook the day before. this poem is my response.
can't help but sit, and rub this chin--rememb'ring yesterday's "within"of so much warmth by those who care,and such desire to take me "there"--to place where they most peace have found.and i do sit here, still agroundwith full amazement, fears aside,while soaking in the warmth-filled tideof gratitude, and "cheering on,"and loaned-out strength i've come upon.'tis been so strong, this summer's heat,providing club to senses beat.but oh, i'm thankful, yes i be,for "happy birthdays" tossed t'ward me!© paul l. white
 
9-11september 11, 2023

here it is, again, againanother year, rememb'ring whenit shook our souls in disbelief,and caused such pain without relief.we could not find an "end it all,"a course of deeds to then forestallall chances that it might appearonce more, and cause our eyes to tearwith hope forsaken.  no!  let's do whate'er it takes to court and woomuch nobler folk, who'd live in peace--resist, with us, the firm releaseof hatred's lust to quench, destroy.instead, with freedom, to employthe best, which lives in working hearts--the best, which lofty freedom starts!© paul l. white
 
labor dayseptember 4, 2023

i'm thankful for the things 'twere honedby fervent muscle, strong and tonedwith weekly effort to constructa meal, a home, an aqueduct.and then there're things which need repair,or tasks which head off wear and tear,or efforts borne to keep things clean,or songs once penned to make serene.the cars we drive, our furniture,machines affecting temperature,or earth that's moved for scenery's view,or paint evoking color's hue:so many things which fill this lifedid greet our eyes from labor rifewith effort, sweat, and great design--i celebrate...with this opine!© paul l. white
 
severe heataugust 18, 2023

no internet, or land line phone,and i am ready to bemoanthe lack of things i sorely needif i am truly to succeed.complaining, though, so i've been told,is not for men of bravery, bold.advancing to a higher groundmeans one must make no mournful sound."the ladies, don't you know, disdain"a male who whimpers in his pain."and so i poke my sagging ribsthen say: "you're not a man who fibs,"while thinking that makes me "all right,"instead of braving vicious blightand saying: "here's what you can do"in spite of nature's try to woo"your spirit to all joy evade."now slowly, thus, decision's madeto sit up straight, while slouching not--forbidding promise be forgotthat challenges we must abate,for good things come to those who wait!© paul l. white
 
it hurts to loseaugust 6, 2023

u.s. patriotism may have been a lost art at the time of this writing, but i chose to honor this u.s. ladies' soccer team. they fought hard for equal pay with their male counterparts, and, with proper love-nutrition, i'm sure will return to  their glory days.
you sit and watch, and hope and dream,as they do play--so hard, your team.from end to end they run so fast,all while you wonder "will this last?"with "this," you mean "the scoreless game,"and yes, it lasts until there's tamein fervent "shoot out," with the pinchthat their team wins by just an inch.and now those days so tense are oe'er--the days that you'd been waiting for.your team will not yet play againin this event, with chance to win.how do you shake the heavy painwhich says:  "will this great team remain?"and then you shake your head in "yes,"while comes a forlorn wildernessin which you bear the weight of "loss."but, still, there needs to be no cross,for love remains, with comfort sweet,and, with that love, your life complete.© paul l. white
 
art's birthdayjuly 14, 2023

art greenhaw is another friend in entertainment, and i hope some day to do a tribute for him. his song "chair that never got mended" stems from a scene in the movie "king of kings," starring jeffrey hunter. even the wikipedia article for that film includes art's name (located here).
still the notes do beckon mewith hands held high 'bove ivory's keywhile i do sit in rhapsody--just to hear him play.he knows sweet chords, and rhythms too,and i do yearn for frequent viewof his orchestral derring-do--perhaps again some day.i dare, o'er time, to call him "friend,"while praising songs that he has penned;believing message he would sendwith theme of "looking up."for mary's house, unmended chair,or times of grief--bring not despair,but rather victory, ours to share,and with this truth i sup!© paul l. white
 
fourth of july andcanada dayjuly 4, 2023

two birthdays, here, not far apart(for canada and usa)do stir this fervent, loyal heartto celebrate, with some dismay.for i have friends 'tween england's shores,and how i love them, oh so much!although i breathe through patriot's pores,i will not let resentment's touchbestir the love i own for them.they, too, do sing sweet freedom's song.oh, may this day erase the hemthat once between us did belong.for canada, our canada,and usa, a mite below,with england's source have granted astrong love for leeway's welcome tow!© paul l. white
 
for poems written in previous years, or those written earlier this year, you can go to the pages mentioned in the drop-down list above.
 
we are now on twitter.twitter.com/heroeswest
 
please note: this website is not related to the "heroes west bar and grille" restaurant.  that enterprise can be found at heroeswest.net.
 










to contact us:
heroes west
po box 871882
mesquite, tx 75187-1882
fax: (972) 686-8757

to send an email, please click the mailbox above.
 site navigation:home | about | heroes list | opine | scribe - writings | 









this page edited on 9/29/2023
copyright 2023, paul l. white and heroeswest.com
this site is best viewed on a maximized browser with a minimum monitorresolution of 800 x 600 set to a minimum of high color.
top









