







alden scientific





















































0
































alden scientific is a private research institute applying ai to multi-omic biology to advance human health.














“i often say that when you can measure what you are speaking about, and express it in numbers, you know something about it; but when you cannot measure it, when you cannot express it in numbers, your knowledge is of a meagre and unsatisfactory kind; it may be the beginning of knowledge, but you have scarcely, in your thoughts, advanced to the stage of science, whatever the matter may be.” thomson, w. (lord kelvin). popular lectures and addresses. vol. 1, 1889
















working with alden scientific



bespoke discovery is a first-of-its-kind targeted research study about you, for you. your study combines the most advanced biological measurement and ai to create your digitalme. your digitalme is your digital twin and is constructed to deliver insights on most any area of interest (e.g., alzheimer’s risk, heart disease risk, microplastics exposure) as well as highlight unknown risks and simulate their impact on your future health. 



for individuals



signal intelligence is alden scientific’s initiative to work with leading researchers in applying multi-omic ai to identify and validate health and disease biomarkers and causal biology to optimize research and development. 



for researchers



bespoke discovery partners with select concierge practices.




    inquire
  
















our founders















jamie heywoodceo & co-founder



jamie is an mit-trained mechanical engineer who entered biomedicine after his brother was diagnosed with als in 1999. prior to alden scientific, jamie founded the als therapy development institute, patientslikeme, and aobiome, and co-founded genetic networks, the socialmedwork, and icarbonx international. his focus has been on addressing fundamental improvements in the discovery and development of treatments and management of health and disease and in empowering individuals. jamie’s work has been profiled in the new yorker, 60 minutes, tedmed, pulitzer prize winner jonathan wiener’s book, his brother’s keeper, and the sundance award-winning documentary so much so fast.















jeff colecoo & co-founder



jeff has over 25 years of experience as a technology and management leader in diverse areas including preclinical research, digital health, manufacturing and consumer and business platforms. he brings bioinformatics experience from his work architecting the platform at patientslikeme, as well as building informatics systems for the als therapy development institute.jeff has co-founded 3 companies- patientslikeme, input factory (which was acquired by google), and now alden scientific.jeff earned his bs and ms at mit in mechanical engineering with a focus in systems dynamics. 














inquire.










              name
              
                *




first name





last name





              email
              
                *








thank you!




 















alden scientific copyright © 2025. all rights reserved.











