








sarajen | maine coon cats for sale | maine coon kittens

























































































































		skip to content










 













home
about us
our cats
available kittens & cats
contact
 

 

home
about us
our cats
available kittens & cats
contact
 











facebook
 















 








welcome 



									​located in arlington, virginia, near washington, d.c. showing and breeding maine coon cats for over 30 years								






learn more about us







































who we are 



 







									do you dream of owning your very own maine coon cat? if so, we don’t blame you! they’re majestic animals with wonderful temperaments, and they make excellent companions. that’s why we exclusively raise them here at sara jen maine coon cats!								



									over the years, we’ve produced numerous national and international award winning cats. and we’ve also produced many that are simply prized for being extraordinary pets. if you’re looking to raise a maine coon cat of your own, we hope you’ll consider our cattery. we strive to ensure our kittens are healthy and well-socialized, as well as beautiful. maine coon cats are amazing animals, and in our breeding program we’re committed to maintaining the health and well-being of this breed. there’s a reason why they take so many awards at shows and are coveted as pets, and that’s because they’re fantastic cats!								






learn more about us






















						our cats					


						learn more					


















						owning					


						learn more					


















						learn about					


						learn more					














 


 







helpful links 














major cat registries

the international cat association (tica)cat fanciers association (cfa)

















cat show calendars

tica showscfa shows

















cattery friends

cascade mountain maine coons – hilton head, schighlander maine coons – columbus, ohkelimcoons – nhle beau minu – standish, memainelyclassicmaine coons – ncmainesuspect maine coons – los angeles, capaleeni maine coons – hollidaysburg, patempio felino – lugano, sw​itzerlandtropikoons – jupiter, flwhatatrill maine coons – northern cawilliamina maine coons – seattle, wa areawindwalker maine coons – sacramento, cawistariantale maine coons – italy

















helpful information

info about acquiring a sarajen kittenyour new sarajen kitten​fanciers breeder referral listmaine coon databaseretired friends© web sitemaine coon rescue organizationraw feeding veterinary societykitten proof your home guide to removing pet hair from your homepet safety guide for your homeguide to moving with pets – state by state​pet insurance buyers guidebest pet insurance 2021  safety guide for pets in your cartraveling with your pets    guide to flying with pets guide to train travel with pets – and getting rewarded for itpet safety guide: pet-proofing & emergency safety at home – home methodhow to get rid of fleas – home methodhow to keep your home free from pet hair – home method6 pet-safe houseplants for your home​ – home method





















health information

feeding your cat: know the basicscbd oil for catsdiabetes and obesity in catsdirectory of certified applied animal behaviorists​friendship rehabilitation and pain managementpet safety guidelinespet insurance buyers guide

















veterinary care

nova cat clinic, arlington, vahope advanced veterinary center, vienna, vathe life centre, leesburg, va

















cat sitting

cydina pet sitters – fairfax, va

















tips and fun

teri’s tipscat show portrait bookcat books we love











 













copyright © 2025 sarajen maine coon cats & kittens












facebook
 









 





scroll to top












 







'roca' 



sarajen roca patron silver 



this stunning girl is self-possessed and confident in her serene beauty. she liked to be shown and garnered a regional win both the kitten and championship category, as well as the title of triple grand champion. she was then bred, producing a wonderful litter of kittens. after her litter she put on weight and even more coat. she looked fabulous and in great condition so we took her out to another show, where she did really well, achieving a best allbreed cat award among others. so all told, she is now a quadruple grand champion.  



heart scan:  sonogram done may 5, 2023 –  clear/normalhcm gene: negative (n/n)pk def gene: negative (n/n)pkd gene: negative (n/n)sma gene: negative (n/n) 





























































black silver ticked tabby and white femaleborn:  december 27, 2020sire:  paleeni nh knickerbocker of sarajendam:  sarajen tawny port 

















 







'dux' 



									
sarajen kentucky deluxe								



									tica regional winner (12th best allbreed kitten 2017-2018; 19th best ab cat 2018-2019)
tica supreme grand champion
​cfa grand champion								



brown classic torbie/ brown patched tabbyborn: 10/8/2017       sire:  gc highlander rob roy of sarajen (“robbie”)dam: sarajen bourbon on the rocks (“roxie”) 



									dux is a fabulous big girl with a beautifully structured head, huge ears, thick luxurious coat, intense gaze and comic, loving personality. it’s a great mix! loves showing and thinks every toy is fair game prey. became a cfa grand champion at just 8 months of age without breaking a sweat! then she went on to get her tica supreme grand champion title at 10 months of age. so proud of her!								



hcm sonogram: done oct 2018; clear/normalhcm gene: negative (n/n)pk def gene: negative (n/n)pkd gene: negative (n/n)sma gene: negative (n/n)​ 











































































































 







'blondie' 



									sarajen double bean blonde								



									tica triple grand champion								



red silver classic tabby  and white female (also known as cameo and white)born: 04/20/18       sire:  regional winner, grand champion highlander rob roy of sarajendam: regional winner, double grand champion sarajen bacardi carta blanca 



									‘blondie’ is one of our delicious and delightful young girls, shown here at 10 months of age.  she is oh-so affectionate and has a wonderful soft purr that she starts when you just look at her. she has exquisite head type — gentle clean scoop, large boxy muzzle, large well-placed ears — all topped off with beautiful big expressive eyes.  her boning is substantial, her coat is magnificent and shaggy even at a young age, and she is wonderfully balanced. 								



hcm sonogram: done may 2019; clear/normalhcm gene: negative (n/n)pk def gene: negative (n/n)pkd gene: negative (n/n)sma gene: negative (n/n) 























































































 







'scacchi' 



									sarajen drambuie								



									tica regional winner (13th best allbreed kitten; 3rd best maine coon kitten 2018-2019)
​tica triple grand champion
cfa grand champion								



black tortie and white femaleborn: 04/09/18       sire:  regional winner, grand champion highlander rob roy of sarajendam: sarajen old fashioned 



									‘scacchi’ is one of our new young girls to hit the show circuit this year. shown here at 5 months, she was already exhibiting that special flair. with wonderful substantive boning and a great coat at this young age, plus excellent head type we have great expectations for her development. so far, she’s doing great in the kitten class show rings. 								



hcm sonogram: done march 2019; clear/normalhcm gene: negative (n/n)pk def gene: negative (n/n)pkd gene: negative (n/n)sma gene: negative (n/n) 







































































































 







'mara' 



									sarajen amaretto mist								



red silver classic tabby and white​sire: rw gc highlander rob roy of sarajendam: rw dgc sarajen bacardi carta blanca 






















 





12th best allbreed cat of the year, tica mid-atlantic 20195th best longhair cat of the year, tica mid-atlantic 201925th best allbreed kitten of the year, tica mid-atlantic 2019 







'sozi' 



sarajen soave classicoregional winner & supreme grand champion (tica)grand champion (cfa) 



tortoiseshell and white (calico)​sire: rw gc highlander rob roy of sarajendam: sarajen my my my merlot 



sozi is probably my most intense toy fiend. ever. that may not qualify her for all her titles, but it sure helped her show off her charms. she is a gorgeous calico girl with an out-sized personality. wonderful, inquisitive expression, green eyes, black and white lynx tips on those huge ears. and a gorgeous, full coat as a young adult. such a ‘looker’ and with the clean profile, solid muzzle, heavy boning and overall balance the breed requires. heart scan: sonogram last done april 2022 – clear/normalhcm gene: negative (n/n)pk def gene: negative (n/n)pkd gene: negative (n/n)sma gene: negative (n/n) 







 

















 







'adele' 



									dracoonfly after eight of sarajen								



brown classic tabby and whitesire:  la sgc sarajen ezra brooksdam: dracoonfly bonnie belle 





















 







'boodles' 



									sarajen boodles								



black smoke and whitesire: rw sgc cloistercoon chinook of windwalkerdam:  sarajen patrone margarita 





















 







'mimi' 



									sarajen my my my merlot								



black tortoiseshell and whitesire: la iw sgc sarajen ezra brooksdam: wistariantale gioconda 





















 







'roxy' 



									sarajen bourbon on the rocks
								



brown classic tabby and whitesire: iw sgc sarajen ezra brooksdam:  sarajen kentucky cousin 





















 







'elijah' 



									sarajen elijah craig								



brown mackerel tabbysire: ch sarajen cutty sarkdam: gc sarajen mimosa 





















 







'bree' 



									kelimcoons bay breeze of sarajen								



brown classic torbie and white femaleborn: september 9, 2011        sire:  champion kelimcoons dodge chargerdam: tgc and gc hollishill evangeline of kelimcoons 



									bree is our lovely girl from kim, kelly and rita berg of kelimcoons in new hampshire. she is an adorable tortoiseshell tabby with a winsome, winning expression. she has fabulous boning and coat. we are extremely grateful to the bergs for placing her in our care!
								



									she had a cardiac ultrasound in november 2012 and it was clear.								





















 







'tuck' 



									sarajen bookers kentucky straight								



									regional winner & supreme grand champion								



brown classic tabby and whitesire: cfa grc avicats figaro of ailurophiledam: tica gc sarajen mimosa 





















 







'butchie' 



									sarajen virginia gentleman								



									regional winner & supreme grand champion								



red classic tabby and whitesire: sarajen menunketuck of fogcitydam: terrificats cherry pop 





















 







'woodie' 



									
sarajen woodford reserve								



									international winner, supreme grand champion itica)								



tica’s 3rd best allbreed alter of the year 2012-2013 – internationaltica’s best maine coon cat alter 2012-2013 – internationalbest allbreed alter of the year — mid-atlantic region (2013)best maine coon cat alter of the year — mid-atlantic region (2013) 



brown classic tabby and white neuterborn: august 8,2010sire: grand champion, national winner tropikoons hang ten of mainesuspectdam: sarajen tullamore dew 





















 







'scoobie' 



									sarajen scoresby								



									tica international winner, supreme grand champion								



best allbreed championship cat international (2003-2004)tica’s best allbreed catt, mid-atlantic region (2003-2004)tica’s best maine coon cat, mid-atlantic region (2003-2004) 



red silver classic tabby and white maleborn:  september 3, 2002      sire:  champion coonoquan brannan of fogcitydam:  rw, tgc mainesuspect india pale of sarajen 



									scoobie is our darling beefcake ‘pink’ boy.  he has a wonderful expression, a smooth, gentle scoop to his profile, a good, boxy muzzle and strong chin, fabulous boning and a glorious, luxurious coat. never thought i’d would show a pink boy, but there ya go! his personality is sweet and comical and it’s hard to decide whether to hug him or laugh at him. such a charmer. 								











									scoobie had a fabulous show career. when he competed as an adult, during the show year from may 2003 to april 2004, he was best of the best cat in show no less than 8 times (! !), at venues all around the country. he finished in the international championship cat standings with the 5th highest ranking of all cats that year — 5th best international cat! we are honored and awed to be owned by this sweet boy. 								



									he is now retired from our breeding program and he lives with us in pampered comfort.								



									scoobie had cardiac ultrasounds in december 2003, march 2005, october 2006, may 2008 and june 2011: all were normal and he is clear of hcm at this time. he is also negative/negative for								





















 







'jaeger' 



									
sarajen jaegermeister								



									tica international winner, supreme grand champion								



tica’s 18th best allbreed kitten of the year 1999-2000 – internationaltica’s 4th best allbreed kitten of the year 1999-2000 – mid-atlantic regionbest maine coon kitten of the year 1999-2000 mid-atlantic region 



black maleborn: august 11, 1999sire: regional winner, supreme grand champion kitty-up skrimshander of mannahattadam: champion sarajen isle-of-jura 



									this is my beloved jaermeister. such a wonderful boy! so very precocious even at the age of 10 weeks, i just couldn’t wait to get him to a show.								



									this picture was taken when he was about 10 years old. by this time he was neutered and he had plenty of time to lounge about in warm sunny windows, which accounts for his brown-tinged fur.								







									this boy had so many different exclamations — chirps, trills, outright meows, and cat statements of satisfaction or indignation. and he so often passed this trait on to his offspring, of which there are many (he was a stud until he was 10!). 								



									we were so sad to lose him at almost 15 years of age to cancer. there will never be another quite like jaeger.								


















 








'brooks' 



									sarajen ezra brooks								



									tica international winner, supreme grand champion, lifetime achievement
cfa grand champion								



tica’s 2nd best allbreed championship cat of the year 2013-2014 – internationaltica’s best maine coon cat 2014 – internationaltica’s 2nd best allbreed kitten of the year 2012-2013 – internationaltica’s 10th best allbreed catof the year 2012-2013 – internationaltica’s best maine coon kitten 2012-2013 – internationaltica’s 3rd best maine coon cat 2012-2013 – internationalbest allbreed cat of the year – mid-atlantic region (2014)best allbreed cat of the year — mid-atlantic region (2013)2nd best allbreed kitten of the year — mid-atlantic region (2013)best maine coon kitten of the year — mid-atlantic region (2013)best maine coon cat of the year — mid-atlantic region (2013) 











brown classic tabby and white maleborn:  june 13, 2012sire:  regional winner, supreme grand champion sarajen virginia gentleman (“butchie”)dam:  regional winner, supreme grand champion sarajen madras (“maddie”) 



									here’s my brooksie…  love this child!! huge, huggable lug. loves to stretch out when i hold him, particularly walking to and from the show rings, with his back feet planted firmly in my palm and the rest of him extending up the rest of my whole torso, head bent back so i can give him kisses between his ears. he has immense boning, great conformation, huge upright ears with lovely lynx tips and tufting, good straight hind legs, massive head, strong muzzle and a gentle curve to his profile. and then there’s that expression, with those enormous eyes. sorry if i go on a bit, but he is such a love and he loves to show. all of the judges comment on his wonderful personality!								



									the same year he competed as a kitten, and achieved 2nd best international allbreed kitten, he continued his winning streak into the adult championship class. in the following two and a half months through the end of the show year he was best cat in show in every show in which he competed. and in that short time he beat enough other champions to also earn an international allbreed title as an adult — 10th best international allbreed cat. 								



									we continued to show him into the 2014 show year because he was doing so well and he loved to show. he remained successful throughout the year and achieved the distinction of the 2nd best (highest scoring) allbreed championship cat internationally!!! (tica) he beat out thousands of other cats throughout the year to earn this honor and we are very proud of  him, to say the least!!  in addition, because he has achieved these 3 international titles he has also earned the honor of “lifetime achievement” in tica. and we’re glad he’s still a regular guy (er, make that ‘goofball’) at home.								



heart scans 2013, 2015, 2017, 2018 clear/normalhcm gene: negativepk def gene: negative (n/n)pkd gene: negative (n/n)sma gene:  negative (n/n) 




































 








'robbie' 



									grand champion highlander rob roy of sarajen								



red classic tabby and white maleborn:  june 6, 2014        sire:  gc rw highlander peterbuiltdam:  sarajen skyy beauty of highlander 



									we are delighted to have this spectacular boy from highlander maine coons in ohio. many thanks to teresa sweeney for allowing him to own us!  								



									robbie is a huge beautiful boy. he is a toy fiend and still a cuddly lover. we showed him in tica as a kitten and he achieved standing as mid-atlantic regional winner. then as an adult we showed him to grand champion status in cfa. since retiring from the show ring he has produced many beautiful, healthy good-natured kittens!								



heart scans:  08/2015; 04 2017:  clear/normal.hcm gene: negative (n/n)pk def gene: negative (n/n)pkd gene: negative (n/n)sma gene: negative (n/n) 
















































































 








'solly' 



									sarajen madtree sol drifter
								



red silver classic tabby and white  maleborn:  june 20, 2018sire: rw gc highlander rob roy of sarajendam:  rw dgc sarajen bacardi carta blanca 



									our sol, pictured here as a 7 month old kitten, is now a big solid boy with marvelous boning, yet he hasn’t lost is handsome good looks. we took him to several kitten shows but he really wasn’t in to it, so he has remained home, living the life of leisure.								



									he has a beautiful head structure, tall, well-placed ears, sculpted profile and a nice strong chin and muzzle. we hope to have a few litters from him with several of our girls.								



heart scan:  sonogram last done may 2019, clear/normalhcm gene: negative (n/n)pk def gene: negative (n/n)pkd gene: negative (n/n)sma gene: negative (n/n) 































































 







'xavier' 



dk aloa’s xavier of sarajen 



									tica champion								



black smoke maleborn:  may 2, 2015       sire: evergreen i-xtasydam:  aloa’s netmelon 



									our happy, sweet xavier came to live at sarajen in december 2018, having previously lived at cloistercoon cattery in new york with our longtime friend, david billingsley. david graciously allowed xavier to come to us to help us keep strong genetic diversity in our breeding program. xavier was bred by lone and and peter møgeltoft, aloa cattery in denmark. 								



									xavier is a black smoke that truly looks solid black when you just look at him. you have to push back the coat to see the small band of white at the base of each hair. he has a delightful, playful personality and is fond of giving head butts to us and visitors alike. he is also quite talkative and does not hesitate to comment on just about everything. his babies with us have been sweet and affectionate.								



heart scan:  sonogram last done december 2018, clear/normalhcm gene: negative (n/n)pk def gene: negative (n/n)pkd gene: negative (n/n)sma gene: negative (n/n) 





















 







'molly' 



									highlander single malt of sarajen								



brown classic tabbysire: rw  gc highlander peterbuiltdam: highlander zenyatta 





















 







'zaza' 



									mainelyclassic zaranoff of sarajen								



black smokesire: dgc, rw qunsigamond tank of mainelyclassicdam: sarajen victoria of mainelyclassic 





















 







'delilah' 



sarajen southern comfort 



brown ticked tabby femaleborn:  november 11, 2020sire:  paleeni nh knickerbocker of sarajendam:  sarajen erin go bragh 



delilah is such a sleek and sinuous beauty – a sight that ‘goes down smooth.’ early in her development her perfect profile was already evident. she is nice and long with an extravagant tail to balance everything out. her warm brown ticked tabby pattern is just perfect.  



heart scan: sonogram done 4/2022 – clear/normalhcm gene: negative (n/n)pk def gene: negative (n/n)pkd gene: negative (n/n)sma gene: negative (n/n) 



























































































 



best black maine coon, mid-atlantic 202020th best allbreed kitten, mid-atlantic 202025th best longhair cat, mid-atlantic 20202nd best black maine coon, international 2020 







'spice' 



sarajen kraken black spiced 94regional winner (tica) 



black femaleborn:  may 24, 2019sire:  ch dk aloa’s xavier of sarajendam:  rw qgc sarajen drambuie 



beautiful black spice! dramatic girl with such an amazing, thick shiny black coat and beautiful green eyes. along with that she has a big strong muzzle, perfect scoop to her profile, big tall ears and lynx tips to paint with. she was shown as a kitten and did really well, capturing a regional win in the mid-atlantic. but after a while she just wanted to lie down and curl up on the judging table, so we decided to not press any more. but we are happy with her sweet and playful disposition on top of her beauty.  



heart scan:  sonogram last done april 2021: clear/normalhcm gene: negative (n/n)pk def gene: negative (n/n)pkd gene: negative (n/n)sma gene: negative (n/n) 







































































 







'portia' 



sarajen tawny port 



brown classic torbie femaleborn:  august 13, 2018sire: regional winner highlander rob roy of sarajen/cfdam: dracoonfly after eight of sarajen 



portia is a lovely well put-together coonie female. she has substantial boning, a gorgeous, full torbie (patch tabby) coat, muted overall autumn colors and a beautiful classic pattern. with her expressive green eyes, tall tufted ears and strong muzzle she has that appealing maine coon look. and her personality is both loving and spunky, much like her mom’s.  



heart scan:  sonogram last done april 2021 – clear/normalhcm gene: negative (n/n)pk def gene: negative (n/n)pkd gene: negative (n/n)sma gene: negative (n/n) 







































































'ruggiero' 



for your eyes only tempio felinox
 



black silver classic tabby maleborn:  august 25, 2019sire: grc ch*tempio felinox dakardam:  ophelia good heart*ru
ruggiero is a very serious, intense looking young man. yet his looks belie his warm,  affectionate, cheerful disposition. we are indebted to christina micheli of tempio felinox in switzerland for entrusting us with him. he is a black silver classic tabby with a high degree of shading. we like his large ears, his intense gaze, his nice profile and strong muzzle. he is a well-muscled chap with a long, lean body and a tail to match, and will continue to fill out as he matures. he is also a fierce toy attacker! we have found he works well with our beautiful girls and are very pleased with the kittens he produces. he also could not get his titles due to the pandemic, unfortunately.

heart scan:  sonogram last done may 5, 2023 – clear/normal
hcm gene: negative (n/n)
pk def gene: negative (n/n)
pkd gene: negative (n/n)
sma gene: negative (n/n)
 



































































 







'dewy' 



sarajen dewars white label 



black silver classic torbie & white femaleborn:  november 19, 2019sire: sarajen madtree sol drifterdam: sarajen bourbon on the rocks 



dewy, like her half-sister luna,is another beautiful example of a silver torbie and white — but she has really high white! with her gorgeous clean profile, large strong muzzle, and big ears set so nicely, she is a gorgeous girl. and to complete the picture, her hefty, substantial body is just dripping in glorious coat. that winsome expression… 



heart scan:  sonogram done september 2020 – clear/normalhcm gene: negative (n/n)pk def gene: negative (n/n)pkd gene: negative (n/n)sma gene: negative (n/n) 























































































 







'rinrin' 



sarajen erin go bragh 



brown mackerel tabby femaleborn:  march 9, 2019sire:  ch aloa’s xavieer of sarajendam: sarajen bourbon on the rocks 



rinrin is a saucy brown mackerel tabby girl we are lucky to have out of roxy (sarajen bourbon on the rocks). i so love the mackerel pattern and she was the only mackerel in the litter. with her beautiful classic head, sturdy boning, nice tall well-tufted ears, expressive eyes and nice coat length she is a great package! 



heart scan:  sonogram last done may 3, 2023 – clear/normalhcm gene: negative (n/n)pk def gene: negative (n/n)pkd gene: negative (n/n)sma gene: negative (n/n) 











































































 







'luna' 



sarajen lagunitas 



black silver classic torbie and white femaleborn:  november 3, 2019sire:  sarajen madtree sol drifterdam:  dracoonfly after eight of sarajen 



luna is one of our stunning silver torbie and white girls (aka silver patch tabby and white). everything about her seems designed to capture your heart. elegant and flashy, she would have done well in the show hall, especially with her beautiful head type and dramatic large ears. sadly, due to the pandemic, she’ll not be able to claim the titles she so richly deserves. nevertheless, she’s a charming happy camper and is generally looking for mischief.  



heart scan:  sonogram done april 2022 – clear/normalhcm gene: negative (n/n)pk def gene: negative (n/n)pkd gene: negative (n/n)sma gene: negative (n/n) 



























































































 







'leya' 



sarajen leyenda del milagro 



black silver ticked tabby and white femaleborn:  october 21, 2019sire:  sherlynx pc-kauffman of sarajendam:  sarajen boodles 



this is the lovely, and fiercely elegant leya. much like her older brother jake she has a long body, long tail and long legs. oh, and long lynx tips. you can see her strong boning and wonderful head type – particularly her large, boxy muzzle. her penetrating gaze may tempt you not to touch, but she surprises you by arching into your hand for your gentle pets. a really beautiful girl, this one. 









































































heart scan:  sonogram done september 2020 – clear/normalhcm gene: negative (n/n)pk def gene: negative (n/n)pkd gene: negative (n/n)sma gene: negative (n/n) 

















 







'jake' 



sarajen jacobs creekregional winner & supreme grand champion 



brown ticked tabby  & white maleborn: march 11, 2019sire:  sherlynx pc-kauffman of sarajendam:  sarajen boodles 



sweet jake! crazy boy of our hearts. you can see some of his wild charm from these pictures, taken when he was a youngster. the pairing of manny and boodles produced some extreme, gorgeous babies (see his younger sister, leya). huge ears, big boxy muzzle with a great strong chin, enormous expressive eyes, long long body, long long tail, long long legs. and totally full of himself! he was a joy to take to shows and never tired of playing. he achieved his supreme grand champion title in the fall of 2019, though there were many strong competitors at the time. we’re very proud of him and love giving him hugs.  after producing several lovely litters he is now neutered and lives with us as a pampered boy. 



heart scan:  sonogram last done april 2021 –  clear/normalhcm gene: negative (n/n)pk def gene: negative (n/n)pkd gene: negative (n/n)sma gene: negative (n/n) 








































































 





21st best allbreed kitten of the year, tica mid-atlantic 2020 







'jt' 



regional winner sarajen jts brown 



brown classic tabby maleborn:  september 2, 2019sire:  ch sherlynx pc-kauffman of sarajendam:  sarajen tawny port 



we’re happy we were able to keep this handsome boy from one of our 2019 litters. jt is a warm brown classic tabby boy with an excellent pattern,  a great profile, good strong chin, well-set ears and a nice expression. he is also very long in the body with nice muscular legs. he is easy to handle is a nice, happy boy. we enjoyed showing him a bit as a kitten, enough to earn a regional award. but we could not continue to get his adult titles due to the pandemic. nevertheless, he has made some wonderful mellow babies for us!he is now neutered and is immediately available to the right home. see more information on our retired friends page. 



heart scan:  sonogram last done may 3, 2023 – clear/normalhcm gene: negative (n/n)pk def gene: negative (n/n)pkd gene: negative (n/n)sma gene: negative (n/n) 



















































































 







'nick' 



paleeni’s nh knickerbocker of sarajen 



black silver ticked tabby and white maleborn:  september 25, 2019sire:  gc paleeni’s peter quilldam:  gc coonalley awesome annie of paleeni 



we just love our nick. a number of years ago i met nick’s sire at a tica show and i was absolutely smitten with him. and so were the judges because he just walked off with the maine coon class that day. so, many happy thank you’s to coleen and paul of paleeni maine coons for letting us have this wonderful boy. he is a huge, muscular boy so it’s a good thing he has a loving, chirping disposition. with a gently curving profile, a big boxy muzzle, a deep strong chin, those big well-set ears and his gorgeous expressive eye i was hoping to show him to get all his titles. unfortunately, the pandemic quashed those plans. but in our minds he is a supreme! and he has produced wonderful happy healthy kittens for us. 



heart scan:  sonogram last done may 3, 2023 – clear/normalhcm gene: negative (n/n)pk def gene: negative (n/n)pkd gene: negative (n/n)sma gene: negative (n/n) 



















































































 







'leinie' 



sarajen leinenkugel honey weissregional winner (tica) 



tortoiseshell & white femalesire: ch aloa’s xavier of sarajendam: rw sgc sarajen soave classico 



this beautiful girl is a wild child, daughter of sozi, the original wild and crazy child. such energy in this girl as a kitten and young adult! and yet she’s just as sweet as she can be.  she was a delight to show, just like her mom. i wish we could have shown her in championship class to get her adult titles, but the pandemic put a halt to that. nevertheless, we she had several litters of lovely babies with us.now it’s time we find a good, loving home for her. if you are interested, please send us an email at sarajencats@gmail.com.  



heart scan:  sonogram last done april, 2022 –  clear/normalhcm gene: negative (n/n)pk def gene: negative (n/n)pkd gene: negative (n/n)sma gene: negative (n/n) 































































 







'allie' 



									highlander redhead ale of sarajen								



red classic tabby and whitesire: gc mcpride red buttons of highlanbderdam: ch royalmainlys pandora of highlander 





















 







'manny' 



									sherlynx pc-kauffman of sarajen
								




black silver classic tabby male
born:  november 2, 2017
sire:  honeydevil never mind
dam:  sherlynx beverly
 



									we recently welcomed this handsome young chap into our cattery. he comes to us all the way from russia, from lyuda dvornikova of sherlynx cattery. 
manny is pictured here at just 7 months of age. we are delighted to have him with us as he has a magnificent personality and loving nature, in addition to his wonderful structure. 								



heart scan:  sonogram done oct. 2018, clear/normalhcm gene: negative (n/n)pk def gene: negative (n/n)pkd gene: negative (n/n)sma gene: negative (n/n) 







































































 







'blanca' 



									
sarajen bacardi carta blanca								



									tica regional winner and double grand champion								



black silver classic torbie and white femaleborn: 11/03/16       sire:  coonaria james bond of paleenidam: rw dgc sarajen simi 



									blanca is a strikingly beautiful ‘flashy’  girl with a sweet and demure temperament. the silver torbie and white coloration is an absolute favorite of mine and she exhibits it in such a special way. she and the kittens she produces have great boning and lovely personalities. we are so lucky to have her!								



									she had a cardiac ultrasound 2017 at a year of age and it was normal. she is also genetically negative for the  primary hcm gene. 
								































































































 







'dallas' 



									sarajen dallas dhu								



calicoborn: 8/12/13sire: regional winner, supreme grand champion sarajen virginia gentleman (“butchie”)dam: kelimcoons bay breeze of sarajen 





















 







'belle' 



									sarajen belvedere								



red classic tabby and whitesire: rw, sgc sarajen virginia gentlemandam: ch tremethick quickbeam of sarajen 





















 







'frannie' 



									sarajen far niente dolce								



brown classic torbie and white femaleborn: july 17, 2010sire:  regional winner, supreme grand champion sarajen virginia gentleman (“butchie”)dam: mainesuspect caol ila of sarajen. od (“ila”) 



									the lovely frannie, with those huge, soulful eyes. frannie is the one girl i kept from caol ila’s last litter, and she is just a sweetheart. she is extremely friendly and loving with a gorgeous torbie coat and a brilliant white bib. 
she is negative for the hcm gene mutation and her most recent sonogram said she is clear of hcm.								





















 







'jo-jo' 



									wistariantale gioconda of sarajen								



brown classic torbiesire: rw sgc wistariantale michelangelodam: tgc coonung nitingale of wistariantale 





















 







'simi' 



									sarajen simi								



									tica regional winner and double grand champion								



red silver classic tabby and white female (cameo and white)born: 6/29/15        sire:  gc highlander chuck norrisdam: sarajen sake 



									simi is a darling, beautiful, playful cameo girl formerly in our breeding program. she is one of those cats that joyfully arches her back into your hand with just your merest touch on her back. we didn’t keep her breeding long, though, because she gave us two of her daughters to keep:  sarajen bacardi carta blanca and sarajen bacardi razz rum! simi is now retired in a loving home in virginia.								



									she had a cardiac ultrasound which was negative, and her parentage has been thoroughly screened. she is also negative for the primary hcm gene.								



									see more pictures of her below, at 6 months of age. all pictures here are by richard katris of chanan. just click on the photo to enlarge.								































































































 







'sake' 



									sarajen sake								



red silver classic tabby and whitesire: ch mainelyclassic sanmatias of sarajendam: rw, sgc sarajen trixie 





















 







'whiskey' 



									whatatrill whiskey neat of sarajen								



									grand champion								



brown classic torbie and whitesire: rw sgc whatatrill frulidam: rw tgc cascademtn sambuca of whatatrill 





















 







'manny' 



									sherlynx pc-kauffman of sarajen
								




black silver classic tabby male
born:  november 2, 2017
sire:  honeydevil never mind
dam:  sherlynx beverly
 



									we recently welcomed this handsome young chap into our cattery. he comes to us all the way from russia, from lyuda dvornikova of sherlynx cattery. 
manny is pictured here at just 7 months of age. we are delighted to have him with us as he has a magnificent personality and loving nature, in addition to his wonderful structure. 								



heart scan:  sonogram done oct. 2018, clear/normalhcm gene: negative (n/n)pk def gene: negative (n/n)pkd gene: negative (n/n)sma gene: negative (n/n) 












































































































