












sword, weapons and armor research





















































 











toggle navigation




the oakeshott institute

home
home
events
workshops 

make a buckler grown-up day camp
vikings to valhalla!
siege & holy war!
a knight’s tale: tournament & joust!


membership
scholarly research 

sword typology
sword documentation project
articles and research


history & mission 

history & mission
vision of our founders: ewart & sybil
tribute to ewart oakeshott

ewart oakeshott, curriculum vitae


tribute to sybil marshall

sybil marshall’s curriculum vitae




blog








the oakeshott institute history in your hand... 
promoting the interest in ancient arms and armor through hands-on educational experience a  1-year membership to the oakeshott institute is $100.  membership provides you with admission to all of our events. we also have a family membership level for 150.00 a year. join us!  please email us to arrange donation. because we deal in the history of arms & armor paypal has deemed us to be noncompliant.








our 3d imaging project see the latest additions to our historical sword documentation project as we document the pieces from our collections. we create images you can interact with to see these items in unique ways with exceptional detail! 

more here! 







our team



ewart oakeshott & sybil marshallour founderschristopher poorpresidentbrandon foatboard of directorsnathan cloughboard of directorscraig johnsonsecretaryalex greffoakeshott fellow bio 
amanda taylor phdoakeshott fellow bio 
dale uttoakeshott fellowhamilton parker cook, phdoakeshott fellow bio 
 






articles & research











support the oakeshott institute from anti-sword bias

october 4, 2021


in today's post craig and nathan talk about the challenges of keeping the oakeshott institute running during the pandemic, a problem that…











arms & armour history, conservation and analysis, essays in honour of david edge

september 28, 2021


we we are honored to offer a festschrift (a publication of articles, essays, etc., contributed by many authors in honor of…











a sword in the digital hand

june 15, 2021


join us for a free recording of our presentation about the ongoing 3d research at the oakeshott institute. from academic…






read the blog → 







 need more info? don't hesitate to contact us with any questions you might have about our programs or the collection. 

contact the institute 
 admin@oakeshott.org				 
 the oakeshott institute1035 se 14th aveminneapolis, mn 55414usa				 















your name (required)
 
your email (required)
 
your message
 

 









                                
                                © 2016 all rights reserved | powered by wordpress | made with ❤ by themely





















