











huff construction company, inc.






























































huff construction company, inc.




 menu
home
about us

our company
our heritage
our clients
community involvement
commitment to safety


what we do

general contractor
design build delivery
energy solutions
metal building solutions
green building solutions
customer care


our projects

completed projects
under construction


huff blog
contact us

contact us
careers
trade partners & vendors


 











 




























 








featured projects 




residence inn and fairfield inn & suites by marriott

residence inn and fairfield inn & suites by marriott the residence inn and fairfield inn & suites by marriott in san jose, ca is a four-story, 166,340 square foot co-branded hotel. this 261 room project includes a 147 room residence inn and a 114 room fairfield inn & suites. this hotel is located in the […]




archway commons ii affordable housing

ground-up construction for the second phase of archway commons, an affordable housing development in modesto, ca. phase two consists of  74 new 1-, 2-, and 3-bedroom affordable rental apartments within nine two-story buildings located on 3.17 acres. this brand new community consists of seven (7) apartments for individuals and families who have completed the assistance […]





dust bowl brewing co.

our project with dust bowl brewing co. in turlock, ca consisted of the ground-up construction of a 30,000 square-foot huff metal building on a 5-acre parcel and related on and off-site improvements. features include a restaurant, bar, full commercial kitchen, indoor & outdoor dining, and a retail component. this building allows their production capacity to […]




jelly belly

the jelly belly warehouse in fairfield, ca is a design-build project which is a 106,000-square-foot concrete tilt-up building. this project is built from the ground up and boasts over 3,550 yards of concrete poured which is over 14,000,000 pounds of concrete! this project includes the buildout of a two-story office space and breakroom, a shipping/receiving […]











huff construction




at huff construction we are first and foremost builders. the ways in which we deliver our projects are diverse and customizable to meet the needs of our varied customer base.  at our core, we are a general contractor committed to building commercial projects of outstanding quality and value. we call this “building excellence.”
for more than 50 years, we have remained true to our mission of providing personalized commercial construction services built on quality, timeliness, and integrity. we also offer our employees growth opportunities that encourage optimal performance. our unwavering commitment to this mission has resulted in our ongoing success and is the reason customers return to work with us year after year. we offer various preconstruction services, construction delivery methods, and we strive to bring the most value to our clients.
we encourage you to explore our website to learn more about all that huff can offer.

















home
about us
green building solutions
our projects
huff blog
contact us
 

trade partners & vendors
careers
privacy policy
employee login
 


huff construction company, inc.

4917 stoddard road
modesto, 
ca
95356
(209) 545-7505
						(866) 253-huff






							© 2025 




modesto | sacramento | turlock | fresno | merced | reno | phoenix scottsdale
construction company|general contractor|commercial contractor|commercial building maintenance|construction project manager




















