


1st four solutions









 


 


 




 

 


 


  


 

health ~ 
            safety ~ quality ~ environment
 
safety is the state of being "safe" (from 
            french sauf), the condition of being protected against physical, 
            social, spiritual, financial, political, emotional, occupational, 
            psychological, educational or other types or consequences of 
            failure, damage, error, accidents, harm or any other event which 
            could be considered non-desirable.  this can take the form of 
            being protected from the event or from exposure to something that 
            causes health or economical losses.  it can include protection 
            of people or of possessions.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 





 
 
 
 


1st four solutions. specializes in assisting business & 
      industry to create a value added occupational health & safety management 
      system.

      no matter what safety & health challenges you & your company face, whether 
      one time only advice or a full range of services, 1st four solutions, is 
      ready to work in partnership with you to assess your needs, evaluate 
      options, develop solutions & assist you to fulfill your companies vision 
      and objectives.
       
      1st four solutions offers a practicable and a achievable health and safety 
      program as well as sustainable consulting solutions to suit your 
      organization. we provide the health and safety and  expertise, guidance 
      and resources and we will work in partnership with you at all 
      times ensuring that you fully benefit from our qualified & skilled  health 
      and safety consultants.  
1st 
      four solutions offers education and experience  to your 
      company at a fraction of the cost of hiring a full time employee. 
      

      we are able to offer these services on a "as needed" basis, this 
      allows a smaller company to only pay for the services when they are 
      needed. this outsourcing solution works extremely well for a small but 
      growing company.

 
 
our mission is to provide 
      services customized to meet client needs and help to achieve optimum 
      environmental, health, safety and human performance
 
                     


 












 





 

 

             




  



