





church of god in michigan


















general assembly of the church of god in michigan


churcheseventscontactgiving








w3.css








    michigan student leadership institutefebruary 28-march 1, 2025
  




    360 conferenceseptember 2025
  




    105th general assemblynovember 7-8, 2025
  




    churches seeking pastors


❮
❯
















church health ministry
works on ministries which aid the local church in the success of its mission. this ministry oversees such areas as: church redevelopment and restart; congregational consultations; leadership training events; new works endowment (multiplication); new church development initiatives.

360 conference
campgrounds
church policies
older adult endowment
weekly pastoral call
view more info









credentials ministry
works to recognize, train, and provide accountability to all professional clergy who serve the church of god in michigan. this ministry oversees: licensing and ordination of ministers, ministerial development, recognition of congregations, yearbook recognition, clergy/congregational discipline
credentials ministry works closely with the church of god national and state assemblies to provide consistency and integrity in credentialing for all ministers.

licensing and ordination process
marriage information
 pastoral search binder (pdf 30mb)
pulpit supply
view more info









pastoral health ministry
works on ministries that will aid the pastor and his/her family in the success of their mission. this ministry will oversee such areas as: ministers retreat, lifelong learning matching funds, pastoral counseling assistance, ministry women retreat, the ministry renewal endowment, the b. gale hetrick endowment, and the pastoral family enrichment endowment
pastoral health explores and implements other ministries which may deem beneficial to the pastoral family.

lifelong learning matching funds
ministry to ministers
ministry renewal endowment
ministers retreat
ministry women's retreat
view more info









youth ministry
works on ministries which aid and strengthen our cooperative work with teens. this ministry oversees: michigan student leadership institute (msli), youth winter retreat, and consult: state youth choir (michigan singers) and youth camping
youth ministry continues to explore and implement ministry programs to aid youth, youth ministers (lay and professional), and youth ministries on the state and local level.

michigan student leadership institute 
youth winter retreat
church of god ministries youth
warner camp
michigan singers
view more info






10"bring the entire tithe into the storehouse so that there may be food in my temple. test me in this matter," says the lord of heaven's armies, "to see if i will not open for you the windows of heaven and pour out blessing for you until there is no room for it all."malachi 3:10giving









general assembly of thechurch of god in michigan

"equipping local congregationsto extend the kingdom of god"



contact us
4212 alpha streetlansing, michigan 48910

email
micog@micog.org
phone
517 393 7020






information
about
academy of servant leaders
campgrounds
christian women     connection
churches
contact
eaction (newsletter)
events
general assembly
leadership directory
churches seeking pastors
regional pastors


ministries
church health
credentials
pastoral health
youth


finance
giving



serving churches and pastors in michiganfor more than 100 years.













privacy policy
â© 2002-now. general assembly of the church of god (anderson) in michigan all rights reserved.





