


the oregon vortex and location of the house of mystery




































for current events, updates and changes to hours and prices like and follow us on the oregon vortex on facebook




 



 



follow the oregon vortex on twitter




 



share this page with your friends




 




 




 




 




 



 







the famous circular area with its unique phenomena
open to the public since 1930



the oregon vortex is a glimpse of 
	a strange world where the improbable is the commonplace
	and everyday physical facts are reversed. it is an area of naturally occurring visual 
	and perceptual phenomena, which can be captured on film. no matter your 
	education or profession you will find a challenge to all your accepted 
	theories. use the menu to the left to discover more.
  




news and events
hello folks and welcome to the 2024 season! if feels good to be restriction free and back to our regularly scheduled operations.
we are open 7 days a week, 9 - 5 all summer long and 9 - 4 from labor day until the end of the season. tours are filled on a first come, first serve basis with admittance purchased at the admissions windows in the gift shop. due to weather events our regular hours may vary for the health and safety of our guests and guides. please check our facebook page (www.facebook.com/oregonvortex) for updates and changes, especially when it has been hot or smokey!
we do offer reservations but they are unnecessary for regular tours. for those still interested in a more personal or private experience we are continuing to offer private tours and area rental. if you are interested in booking a private tour for your school group or family reunion or you want a couple hours to yourself for photography email us at reservations@oregonvortex.com or call 541-855-1543 for more information. reservations require a minimum of 2 weeks advance notice.
we hope you are having a fabulous 2024. we look forward to seeing you, intriguing you and giving you a mystery to mull over. stay curious and safe travels!



















contact us

address

the oregon vortex
4303 sardine creek left fork road
gold hill, oregon 97525-9732

voice+1 (541) 855-1543
e-mailmystery@oregonvortex.com



we hope to see you soon!








    this website and all content contained herein is copyright © 1995 - 2011 by the oregon vortex, llc.
    "the oregon vortex", the oregon vortex logo, "the house of mystery", and the house of mystery logo are trademarks of the oregon vortex, llc.
    all rights reserved.



