





dgz - deutsche gesellschaft für zellbiologie › dgz























































 































about

executive board
former committee members
honorary members
bylaws
missing members


membership
map
awards
workgroups

cilia and centrosomes
membrane trafficking and evs
cytoskeleton and molecular motors
cell polarity and cell migration
cell adhesion and mechanobiology
membrane organization and contact sites
cell biology of the immune system
functional organization of the nucleus
imaging for cell biology
mitosis and meiosis
cellular and organismal proteostasis


events

past place of events


career, jobs&grants
links

companies


publications

cellnews archive
cellnews information
statements
werner franke




register&lost password












 
































// cell news 02/2024now online

read full magazine

















a picture of the sea anemone nematostella vectensis is shown. nematostella vectensis is an emerging animal model in the field of molecular cell biology. tools to generate transgenic or knockout animals have been established and allow the functional characterisation of basic animal protein functions in a diversity of processes such as tissue regeneration or neuronal signalling. the picture has been taken with a panasonic lumix dc-s5m2x digital camera and a sigma 70 mm f2.8 dg macro lens (aperture f13, exposure time 1/30 s). the picture was further processed in adobe photoshop. creator: prof. dr. eugen kerkhoff














a picture of the sea anemone nematostella vectensis is shown. nematostella vectensis is an emerging animal model in the field of molecular cell biology. tools to generate transgenic or knockout animals have been established and allow the functional characterisation of basic animal protein functions in a diversity of processes such as tissue regeneration or neuronal signalling. the picture has been taken with a panasonic lumix dc-s5m2x digital camera and a sigma 70 mm f2.8 dg macro lens (aperture f13, exposure time 1/30 s). the picture was further processed in adobe photoshop.
creator: eugen kerkhoff







 german bioimaging recommendations for operating imaging core facilities
in a research environment during the sars-cov-2 pandemic
 statement of the dgz regarding the generation of antibodies from animals



 statement wisszeitvg
 statement dgfi forschung tierversuche
 statement brief vbio sicherung arbeitsfähigkeit zkbs







news



cell news 02/24now online  
read more   cell news 01/24now online  
read more   cell news 02/23volume 50, now online  
read more   announcement awards 2023 onlineannoucement awards 2023 you can find here.
read more   cell news 01/23volume 50, now online  
read more   cell news 02/22volume 49, now online  
read more     
 




events



psl chemical biology symposium27.-28. februar 2025, paris
information: https://www.pslchembiol.com/   25. february 2025, dgz focus workshop, cell adhesion and mechanobiologyandrew clark, ada cavalcanti-adam   34th annual meeting of the society for virology04.–07. märz 2025, hamburg
information https://virology-meeting.de/   spring school 2025spring school 2025
dissecting primary cilia dynamics in tissue organization and function
march 5th–7th, 2025
jugendherberge festung ehrenbreitstein, koblenz
www.for5547.com
springschool flyer   25. march 2025, dgz focus workshop, membrane organization and contact sitessabrina büttner, katja zieske   29. april 2025, dgz focus workshop, cell biology of the immune systemeva kiermaier, pablo saez     
 










adult zebrafish mesonephros cryosection. cryosection of the mesonephros from an adult fli1a:gfp danio rerio, stained with phalloidin (red) to label the tubular system and dapi (blue) to stain nuclei. gfp is beautifully expressed in the capillary tuft of the glomeruli (middle).creater: mathieu preussner, lab: virginie lecaudey



creator: annika graband, iden lab





drosophila viridilis testis with musculature stained with phalloidin.
creater: maik bischoff, peifer lab



 
















deutsche gesellschaft für zellbiologie e.v.
sekretariat: sabine reichel-klingmann
deutsches krebsforschungszentrum
im neuenheimer feld 280
69120 heidelberg
germany
 
   +49 (0) 6221-423451
   +49 (0) 6221-423452
   dgz@dkfz.de







(c) copyright gesellschaft für zellbiologie e.v. 2023




contact    impressum  privacy





(c) copyright​ gesellschaft für zellbiologie e.v. 2023

contact    impressum  privacy



 

















manage cookie consent






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent
 






































































