










web design agency - site design & development solutions






































































































 
0






web design
logo design
graphic design
seo
ppc
contact
 







 
0











web design
logo design
graphic design
seo
ppc
contact
 














building responsive websites
we create neat, meaningful, responsive and result driven websites. they translate into a beautiful online user experience. 
web design









create company id
your company logo is the visual representation of core values & principles. instantly share the essence with your audience.
logo design









search engine optimization
once your wordpress website is launched, we can optimize it for google and other search engines, to maximize your visibility in serps.
we also offer sem services.
seo









graphic design for prints
prints are part of communication. consistency & clarity are good friends, when creating prints. surprise your clients with beautiful prints. 
print design









photography
whether you would like a photo shooting for your website, for your products or an event, we can shoot high quality photos with latest canon equipment. 
photography







 


 







create

we create the logo, the website interface and graphic design for prints, such as business cards, flyers and brochures.








develop

as wordpress web design agency, we develop the whole functionality of your website using one of the most powerful cms based on wordpress. however we can use various other web platforms.








host

hosting your website and email on secure, fast and powerful servers, using raid-10 ssd storage and 4 core cpu processors.








seo

would you like to have your site ranking high in serps?
we can either optimize it for organic search results or build a ppc marketing campaign for you, to direct the right niche traffic to your site.





 


we follow the web design steps:



setup a brief document

                  we setup a direct conversation with the client to find out exactly what they need to achieve, their goals and priorities, the services or products they need to promote or sell through their website, details about client's targeted audience. 
we then write down a brief document together with the client. this doc includes the overall website strategy: design aspects, web development strategy & seo strategy.                


01








wireframes & site structure

                  the next step is to build the wireframes for the website, in order to outline various placements and sizes for page block elements, site features and functionality, conversion areas like call to action buttons, main navigation and secondary menus.
this is not the site design, but a prototype with generic elements, to prioritise content placement on the page.                


02








setting up your brand guidelines

                  at this stage we start building a strong and consistent brand, designing your logo in vector format, in several variations, choosing the right option, tweaking the logo until client agrees upon a final solution. now it is appropriate to decide upon the brand colours and the colour palette to be used throughout the site.                 


03








creating the look & feel of the website

                  next, we design the interface for your responsive wordpress website, using your brand values, colors, logo, the right typography. this stage implies following latest graphic design trends in terms of typography, color palettes, visual highlights, using great pictures and pictograms relevant to your business.
two design layouts will be provided: one for desktop view and one for mobile view.                


04








creating the final frd

                  before building the website functionality, we create a full functional requirements document (frd), comprising all the project details, incorporating the already designed pages and the way they should link to each other and function. 
                


05








website development

                  we integrate the design, done in sketch or adobe, into a functional wordpress site or other chosen cms agreed with the client. we build the front end and back end of the site, using html 5, css/sass/scss, bootstrap, javascript, jquery, php, mysql. the whole site functionality shows up at this stage.
we make sure some basic seo rules are followed, like website responsiveness, url rewriting or having unique title tag or meta description tag for each individual page. we minify the scripts and html to decrease page size and we optimize all website images to increase page load speed.                


06








website testing and debugging

                  we push the files and database from our development server to staging server and give access to testing users to test the website.
at this stage we fill in the client's content into the website and test each individual page. there are three types of testing: 
1. we test the site to see if all features from frd work as expected 
2. end-user testing, testing the software to ensure all functional metrics are met
3. improvements on existing features or page elements if needed.
we make sure there are no php or javascript errors or warnings, nor missing elements on any page.                


07








website launch

                  we deploy all the scripts together with database from stage server to client's (production) server. we do again some testing to make sure there are no programming, display or functionality errors.
we check each page again and let the client know they can start making money!                 


08








search engine marketing & seo

                  we can do sem & seo and promote client's site on internet by optimizing website from search engine point of view, which may imply one or all of the following items: rethink some of the content, title tags, meta description, rearrange cta button(s) or adding ctas, using traffic scripts & tools, building a paid campaign and building newsletter campaigns. 
the final goal is to get more traffic to client's website using a mix of seo and sem.                


09











case study


project name
ikouinc







                  overview                



the first branding project undertaken for our client ikou inc was accomplished in 2007. during this time we have developed several websites for ikou inc, promoting different brands, such as studio bathe , bath nuvo,  art bathe. so our client sold their products under three different brands. in 2020 they decided to gather all brands under one umbrella and showcase their product portfolio under a single major shopping portal, that is ikouinc.com.  






                  prototyping                



action buttons, text styling, colors and icons all make the transition from wireframe to prototype. the major scope of the site is allowing clients to easily search for their products, create an account and easily purchase the products in their own language and currency. in this respect interface design needs to provide all the tools the client finds handy to place their orders.






                  style & concept                



working on rebranding projects is challenging yet fun, because it's an opportunity to come up with an entirely new perspective. we wanted to create more natural page flows that let the visitor digest important information. gradients, textured backgrounds, and new icons give the site a more welcoming tone. 






                  bringing it all togheter                



the new website has a stronger appeal to young audience. the implementation of bazaar voice enhances communication with the end user, evoking a social vibe. various features related to user types, pricing and payment choices as well as languages supported on site, make ikouinc.com a valuable platform.




view case study







what our customer say about us






 



joe demarco
dscpagroup.com
partner
chicago, il, usa


i've been working with val and crisa for over 10 years with my accounting firm.  they communicate timely and have great knowledge with website design/functionality.  i would absolutely recommend their services. 






 



brent kleinheksel
vacantionrentaldirect.com
founder
elkin, usa


sisley studio has designed and implemented many different websites for my company. they are unique in the sense that they perceive design and coding at peak standards. this helps them diagnose, fix and better implement complex css and javascript code within a smarty or mysql / php environment. i would recommend this firm to anyone.






 



cindy axisa
pco.asn.au
admin & accreditation manager
nerang, qld, australia


valentin from sisley studio has been overseeing the pco association website for the past 2 years. valentin responds and rectifies any site issues in a very timely manner and always provides us with detailed information on the problems he has repaired. it was a relief to find someone who specialised in wordpress. 
thank you valentin for being our go-to.






 



oana cosmovici
culturethroughmusic.ro
founder
switzerland


i have highly appreciated the generosity of the team, the good communication skills and the attention in treating the ngo specific activity field. a professional, honest and truly helpful team! i've enjoyed working together to our web and graphic design project!






 



alexandru nicolau
smileacademy.ro
manager
romania


working with sisley studio exceeded my expectations. my requirements were simple: i wanted an attractive website, but easy to be explored. what i got? the best i could imagine. all my patients are following it. it's a great tool for them and i am happy for that. thank you, sisley studio!










quick links

web design
online marketing/sem
graphic design
seo
logo design



customer panel

customer account
shopping cart



contacts

sisley studio ltd
 office@sisleystudio.com














					 © 2006 - 2025 sisleystudio ltd, all rights reserved				
























we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. you can read more about cookies by clicking here. also please read our privacy policy.i agree




