





iacm


















































































































 








 toggle navigation



home
about us 

board of directors
constitution
rules and expectations for professional conduct
association awards
privacy policy
fellows 

fellows resolution


early history of iacm
contact us


conference 

call for papers
submission guidelines
conference registration, hotel, & refund policies
past conferences & group photos
conference abstract books
iacm sponsorships & exhibitors


ncmr 

open access to ncmr
ncmr recent publication spotlight
ncmr published articles by issue


campaign for the future 

campaign for the future of iacm
campaign for the future: donor wall


resources 

signal newsletter archive
negotiation data repository (ndr)
virtual hub
subscribe to the iacm discussion list
discussion list archives
iacm twitter
facebook group


join iacm
login


search for:



 


























38th annual iacm | july 13-16, 2025






the 38th annual conference of iacm will be hosted at the university of vermont in burlington, vermont, usa from july 13-16, 2025. join us on lake champlain against the backdrop of appalachian mountains in one of the the usa's most beautiful and nature-oriented cities.









call for papers











submission guidelines











submit your paper





















iacm news & notes




















message from the president – fall 2024



					october 25, 2024				


greetings iacm community, it was wonderful seeing so many of you at our annual conference this past summer in singapore hosted at the insead campus! this conference was only our second time convening in asia, read more…
















call for awards nominations 2025



					october 23, 2024				


call for awards nominations of the international association for conflict management the international association for conflict management (iacm) solicits nominations for the following awards, to be distributed at the association’s 38th annual conference in burlington, read more…
















2025 board of directors nominations



					october 22, 2024				


the nominations deadline is monday, december 2, 2024 submit your nomination  we are now accepting nominations for the international association for conflict management’s board of directors. self-nominations are acceptable. please be aware that nominees must read more…
















iacm vss: “cooperation liberates: putting the “us” in autonomous” w/ nir halevy



					october 14, 2024				


cooperation liberates: putting the “us” in autonomous w/ nir halevy stanford university graduate school of business click here to register for the session moderator: selin kesebir using “schedule 1” 45 minutes monday, october 21st schedule read more…
















call for awards nominations 2024



					february 5, 2024				


call for awards nominations of the international association for conflict management the international association for conflict management (iacm) solicits nominations for the following awards, to be distributed at the association’s 37th annual conference in singapore.  read more…
















call for 2024 drrc breakthrough award nominations



					january 9, 2024				


the dispute resolution research center (drrc) at northwestern university’s kellogg school of management is thrilled to announce the 2024 drrc-iacm breakthrough award. the award aims to support doctoral students from underrepresented backgrounds as they gain read more…
















call for submissions to post-iacm teaching-focused program



					december 30, 2023				


the international association for conflict management (iacm) is excited to offer a teaching-focused conference program. this post-conference program will take place on the afternoon of june 26th (the final day of our conference in singapore). submissions read more…
















iacm vss: using chatgpt for research productivity



					december 6, 2023				


iacm virtual seminar speaker:  a monthly series on conflict and negotiation research  co-sponsored by the academy of management conflict management division  using chatgpt for research productivity presented by hadi fariborzi, mount royal university click here read more…
















ncmr special issue call for papers: registered reports at ncmr



					november 9, 2023				


negotiation and conflict management research (ncmr) special issue call for papers: registered reports at ncmr dear colleagues,   we invite papers for a special issue on registered reports at negotiation and conflict management research (ncmr). read more…
















support for our members during the current conflict



					october 17, 2023				


dear iacm community, some members of our association have been directly affected by the events occurring in the middle east. iacm expresses its condolences and support to those impacted by these events. should you wish read more…
































a few of the resources iacm offers






the mission of iacm is to foster an exchange of information and ideas about social conflict from all disciplines and across all levels of society by way of its annual conference, its negotiation & conflict management research journal, virtual events, and newsletters.






















negotiation & conflict management research - the official journal of iacm
learn more




















signal: the newsletter of iacm
view the archives




















iacm's virtual hub - home to podcasts, recorded and live streamed events, and recorded conference sessions.
learn more


















become a member today!







join iacm today to receive first notifications and access to our journal, negotiation & conflict management research, our signal newsletter, discounts on our conference registrations, and more!







join iacm






















partner organizations
























































































contact us






if you have a question about our journal, conference, membership, or any other inquiry, please feel free to reach out to us!








  

your name
please enter your name.



your email
please enter a valid email.



your message
please enter a message.



please check the captcha to verify you are not a robot.




send


message failed. please try again.

thanks for your message! we’ll be in touch soon.















home
about us
conference
ncmr
campaign for the future
resources
join iacm
login
hestia | developed by themeisle 
























