

northampton county









 the system is currently unavailable due to maintenance.  please check again later. 









sign in   |   
contact us  |   

    




homeproperty recordscounty website




  county history 
  millage rates 
  school districts 
  municipalities 
  tax collectors 

  address 
  parcel 
  sales 
  advanced 
  map search 


















				notice: due to scheduled maintenance, this site may be unavailable between 12 am until 6 am saturday, february 1st.
			
-->
	
		
    






                  welcome
                



                to northampton county online
              



important:
              			



              this site provides
              read access to tax record information from northampton county,
              pennsylvania. to access this information, start by performing a search
              of the property records data.
              

                disclaimer:
              
              please note that this site is considered a demonstration and, as such, the accuracy or currency of data cannot be guaranteed.
              




              assessment division - (610) 829-6155
            


the assessment division is responsible for the development and certification of tax rolls for county, municipal and school district real property. the commonwealth of pennsylvania requires that the county maintain a uniform system of property valuation. it is also required that county assessors successfully complete a comprehensive training course in assessment theory and pass a certification examination within two years of employment as an assessor. after certification, all assessors must participate in continuing education programs to maintain their certification. for more information and to download appeal forms and instructions 
              click here.
              





search for tax records
            




give us your feedback
            


















































data copyright northampton countylast updated: 10/feb/2025





					powered by iasworld public access. all
					rights reserved.
					









