






www.jllv.org
































 







menu



search





www.jllv.org






			join		

			donate		

			members		
 






search for:




 




close menu




			join		

			donate		

			members		
 





skip to content
about us

president’s message
board of directors
past presidents
history
jllv voices
diversity, equity, inclusion & belonging at junior league las vegas
jllv endowment
news


community impact

community grant program
done in a day
education grants
find the good day
holiday bear project
little black dress initiative
public affairs and advocacy
shannon west homeless youth center
three square pop up food pantries


events

22nd annual paint the town red gala
bingo, bubbles, & brunch 2025
retro prom bar crawl 2024
sustainer junior league of las vegas holiday coffee
bowling for a cause: strike out human trafficking


support us
contact
 


search for:




 








the junior league of las vegas
the association of junior leagues international is an organization of women whose mission is to advance women's leadership for meaningful community impact through volunteer action, collaboration, and training.


find out more








 


2023-2024 annual report
check out our 2023-2024 annual report! 

read more








 


training our leaders
we are excited about developing the potential of women, including our members!

read more








 


little black dress
junior league of las vegas is excited to host the 4th annual little black dress initiative (lbdi), sunday, nov. 3 through friday, nov. 8.

read more








 


paint the town red gala
on saturday, april 5, 2025, the junior league of las vegas will host its 22st annual paint the town red gala at durango resort & casino.

read more











news



paint the town red gala 2025

posted on november 3, 2024


the junior league of las vegas (jllv) will host its 22nd annual paint the town red event on saturday, april 5, 2025 at durango casino & resort. this event is jllv’s largest annual fundraiser honoring individuals who have made outstanding contributions to volunteerism and developing the potential of women in our local community. this year’s… read more



little black dress initiative 2024

posted on november 3, 2024


little black dress initiative junior league of las vegas is excited to host the 4th annual little black dress initiative (lbdi), sunday, nov. 3 through friday, nov. 8. kicking off on sunday, nov. 3, jllv has partnered with kendra scott in downtown summerlin las vegas. from 1 to 3 p.m., when you mention junior league… read more



2023-2024 annual report

posted on september 30, 2024


check out our digital, interactive annual report for the 2023-2024 league year! each year, we compile an annual report to show our impact in southern nevada and the las vegas valley. we hope you’ll take a look and learn more about how the women of the junior league of las vegas lead change and transform… read more




events




						apr05 



22nd annual paint the town red gala

a moment in time at durango casino & resort










welcome! 
the junior league of las vegas, together with its predecessor the service league of las vegas, has served the las vegas community for 75 years. our organization has been instrumental in founding numerous nonprofits and in improving the community through the thousands of volunteer hours contributed by our members. jllv is a proud member of the association of junior leagues international, which was founded by social activist mary harriman and has evolved into one of the oldest, largest, and most effective women’s volunteer organizations in the world, encompassing more than 125,000 women in over 295 leagues in four countries.


find out more






community impact




 



shannon west homeless youth center


jllv and help of southern nevada continue their long-standing partnership to bring safe shelter to homeless youth in las vegas.










area of focus
to help end human trafficking in southern nevada through programs and services focused on awareness, advocacy, partnerships, preventative education and the health and well being of victims past and present.









join
we are looking for motivated women 21 years of age and older who are committed to making the las vegas community a better place.

find out how





donate
your donation to junior league of las vegas is deeply appreciated. any questions? email us at info@jllv.org

donate today





contact
junior league of las vegas
6671 las vegas blvd south ste 210 / office 231
las vegas, nv 89119
info@jllv.org
702.822.6536
 
 
 

contact us









		copyright © 
		2019, 2025 www.jllv.org		
privacy statement | 		shipping & return policy | 		login






































by continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. more information acceptthe cookie settings on this website are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best browsing experience possible. if you continue to use this website without changing your cookie settings or you click "accept" below then you are consenting to this.close
