









home - kendal crosslands communities

















































 













skip to content



donatecareerscontact ussearchdonatecareerscontact ussearchtoggle navigationhomeliving optionslife plan communitieskendal at longwoodcrosslands50+ residential communitiesconistoncartmelavailabilitypricing informationhealth servicespersonal careskilled nursingrehabilitationhome carecommunitycampusculinaryhealth & wellbeingresident storiesfitnessthings to do in kennett squarefloor plansvaluesnews & eventsnewsblogeventsaboutour missionleadershipfaqsgallery & videosfinancial compliancegiving/donate
 





homeadmin2024-07-25t11:55:58-04:00 
welcome tokendal~crosslands
communities





welcome friendskendal~crosslands communities is a not-for-profit life plan community in kennett square, pennsylvania. our community was initially made possible by a generous grant from the philadelphia yearly meeting of the religious society of friends in the early 1970s. ever since, we have remained firmly grounded in the quaker values that guide residents and staff.
kendal~crosslands communities is a not-for-profit life plan community in kennett square, pennsylvania. our community was initially made possible by a generous grant from the philadelphia yearly meeting of the religious society of friends in the early 1970s. ever since, we have remained firmly grounded in the quaker values that guide residents and staff.
life plan communities –
kendal at longwood & crosslands50+ communities –
coniston & cartmelcampusresident storiesthings to dowelcome to kendal~crosslands communities!hear from our residents about why they chose kendal crosslands and how our quaker-based values set our community apart.
our friends say
“you get such a good feelings about the place when you meet the residents and the staﬀ. you really need to choose a retirement community based on the people. every community has its own personality.”
gretchen • kendal at longwood resident
“i knew from my interactions with residents, and from friends from our meeting that crosslands was special. people maintain a sense of curiosity and engagement.”
randy • crosslands resident
“we don’t have our own children, and we didn’t want to be dependent on our nieces and nephews for care as we aged. we wanted to live in an accepting community and to be sure there were different care levels available in case we needed them over time.”
ron • cartmel resident 
“i have wonderful maintenance and housekeeping services, just enough gardens, and i couldn’t be happier at coniston.”
melanie • coniston residentamenities at kendal~crosslands communitiesamenities highlights
artist studios
pottery & ceramics
weaving room
woodshop
well-equipped fitness center with personal trainers
indoor & outdoor pools
aquatic fitness classes
tennis court & pickleball court
library
community gardens
computer lab
fenced-in and shaded dog park

learn morenatural beautyour communities are designed to inspire a sense of awe and feelings of harmony.

accredited arboretum
11 miles of trails & pathways
national wildlife federation (nwf) certified habitat
native plant preserve
harlan glen historic preserved ruins
meadows and other natural areas
bountiful gardens

learn moreinterested in living at
kendal crosslands?
learn more about our life plan communities by downloading our digital brochure.download our digital brochuredownload our digital brochure
directionskendal at longwood
1109 e baltimore pike
kennett square, pa 19348
crosslands
1660 east street road
kennett square, pa 19348




 
 
kendal~crosslands communities
p.o. box 100
kennett square, pa 19348

610-388-1441
info@kendal-crosslands.orgkendal~crosslands communities
p.o. box 100
kennett square, pa 19348

610-388-1441
info@kendal-crosslands.orghomefloor planspricing informationcampus50+ residential communitiesour missioncontact uscareersfinancial calculator©copyright 2012 - 2025 |   kendal crosslands communities     |   all rights reserved | privacy policy   |  created by internet rnd & mingl marketing


 
 
page load link










please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility 


go to top




