








aerial survey | bluesky international ltd | ashby-de-la-zouch
































































 skip to content



toggle navigationhomeabout usour productsgeostreamaerial photographynational tree map3+30+300 analysis toolnational hedgerow mapmetrovistalidar height datastandard height data3d building modelsthermal mappingour worknews and eventswork with usget in touch 


search for:






















toggle navigationhomeabout usour productsgeostreamaerial photographynational tree map3+30+300 analysis toolnational hedgerow mapmetrovistalidar height datastandard height data3d building modelsthermal mappingour worknews and eventswork with usget in touch
 





classic homecor_admin2025-02-05t12:07:37+00:00 
our applications cover diverse corporate marketsbluesky is the uk’s leading aerial survey and geospatial data companyour team >our work >we provide the public and private sectors with high quality 
geospatial productswork with us >we have a dedicated, experienced team with an innovative mindsetour mapshop >bluesky produces geospatial data solutions for a variety of different industriesaerial imagery >we have a wide range of geospatial products like our aerial imagery at 25cm, 12.5cm, 5cm and 2cm resolutionlidar >our lidar data is captured using advanced technology to create dtms and dsmsnational tree map >bluesky is home to the unique national tree mapmetrovista >bluesky is the only aerial survey company to offer 3d mesh model of 20 uk citiesget in touch >we offer bespoke capture using the most up-to-date and advanced sensors and  camerasour products >our processes and techniques are based on new and cutting-edge methods and technologiesleaders in geospatial databluesky international is a leading aerial survey and geographic data company, producing and maintaining high quality, accurate digital aerial photography and height data on a national scale in both great britain and the republic of ireland.
we have a full range of geospatial data products and also offer bespoke or tailored data capture solutions.
get in touch today to find out more.
contact usvisit the mapshop to access our world of dataour online mapshop gives you immediate access to a diverse range of geospatial data ranging from aerial photography, lidar, terrain data, national tree map™, and os mapping.
visit the mapshop
quick search: enter area of interest(postcode, town/city, coordinates or os reference)











national tree map™our national tree map™ is a unique dataset that maps the height, location and tree canopy of trees 3 metres and over in england, wales, scotland and the republic of ireland.
national hedgerow map™our national hedgerow map™ is a unique dataset that maps the location, extent and volume of hedgerows under 3 metres in england, wales, scotland and the republic of ireland.
3+30+300 analysis toolan add-on to our national tree map™, the 3+30+300 analysis tool can be used for urban planning for green infrastructure and green spaces.
lidarwe accurately capture detailed and accurate terrain information including the height of both the terrain and any above ground features, such as trees and buildings. the resolution is unparalleled by other airborne methods.
metrovista™we have captured 20 uk cities to create intricate 3d mesh models which are an ideal baseline for a number of applications, including the creation of digital twin datasets.
aerial photographywe have a full library of aerial imagery of great britain and the republic of ireland at high resolution including many areas mapped at 5cm.
web mapping servicesour brand new service offers customers the opportunity to access unlimited data via a straightforward subscription service. welcome to geostream.
colour infraredcolour infrared photography (cir) offers a unique tool to assist with the assessment of the health and state of vegetation.
3d building modelsour collection of high resolution stereo aerial photography places us in the ideal place to provide cost-effective, accurate and detailed 3d models.
photogrammetric dtmdigital terrain models are available as a grid of heighted points and contours at 5m intervals.
photogrammetric dsmdigital surface models are available as a grid of heighted points and contours at 25cm intervals.
mapshopour online store enables you to immediately access our most up-to-date, off the shelf, high quality data.
sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos.why choose bluesky?we have invested in the best data capture technology to ensure our products are accurate and high quality. in addition our experienced team are committed to delivering the best customer service, from your initial point of contact through to delivery of data and beyond.
a lot of our data is available off-the-shelf but we also work closely with clients to provide bespoke surveys and data tailored to specific requirements.
we have over 20 years of experience and work closely with the private and public sectors.
about blueskyusing national tree map to highlight canopy cover
ntm: customer case studywaterford city and county council use bluesky national tree map™ to support carbon neutral plans.
read morelidar benchmarks carbon neutral farming in northern ireland
lidar: customer case studybluesky’s lidar data helped farmers in northern ireland to calculate above ground carbon storage.
read moreview all our customer case studies
our highly experienced, passionate team our team is at the heart of everything we do and they are committed to delivering the highest quality products.
we value our team and make sure working at bluesky is rewarding. find out more about working with us.
careers at blueskylatest newsview all


the importance of urban greening: mapping the 3+30+300 rule using geospatial dataread more



bluesky international aerial imagery and data helps crack carbon capture equationread more



national hedgerow map fills ‘gap’ in available data for specialist environmental consultancyread more




 
 
about usour productsour worknews and eventscase studieswork with usget in touchdownloads01530 518518info@bluesky-world.com© 2025 bluesky international ltd registered in england and wales: 4789469.    terms & conditions   |   privacy policy   |   trading terms   |    modern slavery statement


 
 
page load link






















































































go to top




