










luxury agent – luxury real estate agent coaching


















 


















 
















  



 

   homeaboutcoachinglive webinar coaching1-on-1 luxury coachingluxury agent lifestylecertificationluxury videosblogcontact 


 navigation



homeaboutcoaching» live webinar coaching» 1-on-1 luxury coaching» luxury agent lifestylecertificationluxury videosblogcontact  

 
    

 


 
  


do you want to sell luxury real estate?the road to luxury success starts here and now. 
take control of your business, list and sell luxury real estate  -  let's begin the journey together today.contact us today


    meet the luxury agent coaching team
luxury agent brings together a team of luxury real estate experts - the best in the business - to mentor and coach real estate agents who want to achieve top ranking in the upscale marketplace. meet this quarter's luxury agent coach spotlight  - kevin m. leonard.


kevin m. leonard is a key realtor and founder of valore group, a full-service luxury real estate brokerage headquartered in palm beach, florida. in addition he is the director of luxury for the keyes company. leonard has established himself as a premier luxury real estate expert. he is an active member of national association of realtors (nar), florida association of realtors (far) committee and the palm beach board of realtors (pbbor). 


our competitive advantage: 


up to date insights and training: recently active in real estate business
proven formula to achieve luxury success
real life statistics on how we increased luxury sales 200%
proprietary technology platforms and software
our team has trained owners, managers, brokers, recruiters and agents
learn more about the team   





    what does our coaching cover?    think luxury
luxury real estate coaching


it's time to change the way you think towards your real estate business. now is the time to shift your thinking from doing the traditional $100k  listings and sales to doing $500k, $1m, $3m, $5m and $10m+ listings and sales. 
learn more   build your luxury business
the best real estate coaching 


realtors reap huge professional rewards from completing real estate coaching and training delivered by luxury experts. with effective coaching, participants will find out everything they need to know about the business of upscale real estate, learn how to maximize their realtor performance, and reach their full career potential.
learn more    live your luxury life
be where your clients are, be seen by your clients. understand their lifestyle and what luxury is and what it means.
learn more   certified luxury agent
luxury agent coaching course is the only comprehensive training and certification program and ultimate "how to" guide to becoming a successful luxury real estate agent. we offer the "certified luxury agent" designation along with the "certified luxury associate" designation.
learn more    


   


   


   


    our company tried to break into the luxury market 10 years ago with no success; it just did not work. after kevin came along we not only broke into the market but we are now thriving. 


joann m. | $185m office

   great presentation. you have such a great marketing perspective & appreciate you taking the time to share it with us. what a clever way to distinguish your properties and yourself. 


natalie k.  |  top luxury producer

   your luxury coaching is the best i have ever seen and i have been in the real estate business as a manager since 1979 with the largest companies. your training is so excellent it belongs at a large national conference. 


nancy t. | branch manager since 1979

    
 




 


  



 

    
   contact
palm beach, fl 33480
 (877) 725-9020
 support@luxuryagent.com
   connect with the luxury agent team
      
   
speaker wordpress theme | login 

 
 




