




		   blockstatus - social media blog and im tools	



























 







home
privacy policy
contact




delete checker
block checker
blog
yahoo status



 


status checkers


msn status checker
yahoo status checker
aim status checker
icq status checker


 

 msn tools


msn delete checker
msn display pictures


 
miscellaneous


anonymous mailer
ip / proxy detector
headers detector
server scanner


 
funny pictures


animalskidsmiscellaneouspeoplepoliticssportsvehicles 

 



 



latest




      videos sent through facebook poke can now be saved permanently       

  


   
      the users of facebook poke will be pleased to know that the videos sent through this app can now be saved permanently. the apps like snapchat and facebook poke now allows the users to send messages, photos or videos that are deleted after being they are sent (just after few seconds). but on the recipient’s... 



				tags: poke messages, snapchat app, social media site				posted in general | 
			



      microsoft windows phone 7.8 is expected to come in the market in early 2013       

  


   
      microsoft has made an announcement in which the company disclosed that the windows phone 7.8, which is an enhanced form of wp 7 platform, will be available in most probably the first quarter of the 2013. the official spokesperson of the company did not mention the exact date of the release of this windows... 



								posted in general | 
			



      iphone 5 gets the permission to launch in china as final regulatory hurdle vanishes       

  


   
      the management of apple has got good news about the iphone 5. the company has received the approval to release the iphone 5 in greater china after the final piece in the regulatory requirements vanished. the company gave the december 2012 deadline for the release of this iphone 5 in china back in october... 



				tags: china telecom, iphone 5, regulatory bodies, unicon mobiles				posted in general | 
			



      performance of tech companies ipos during 2012       

  


   
      the year 2012 brought different changes on the horizon of the different tech companies. this remained good for some companies and at the same time this year also created different problems for some the performance of ipos of the tech companies is concerned, the year 2012 was a mixed year but if we look... 



				tags: internet compaies, ipo, social media sites, tech companies ipo				posted in general | 
			



      apple is planning to start mac mini production at u.s       

  


   
      according to some sources of the market, apple is planning to bring some changes in its strategy of production of mac mini. according to these sources, the company is planning to bring mac mini production to the u.s with the help of its manufacturing partner, the foxconn. this has been reported by some... 



				tags: digitimes, foxocnn, mac mini				posted in general | 
			



      twitter contributed zero percent to black friday sales       

  


   
      it seems that social media sites have started to lose their share in the black friday sales.  according to a research report, the twitter contributed zero percent in the black friday sales.
according to a detailed study that has been conducted by ibm, the shoppers showed less interest on shopping through... 



				tags: black firday, ibm, linkedin, social media sites				posted in general | 
			



      gmail enhances the attached file size up to 10gb       

  


   
      google has moved one step forward by introducing a new feature of gmail. now users of the gmail can send attached file up to the size of 10gb.  this was announced b y google that it will be integrating google drive in to gmail. this step will make it possible to send files up to the increased size of... 



				tags: gmail cloud mail. web services, search engine				posted in general | 
			



      apple is planning to introduce bluetooth smart watch, sources of the market claim       

  


   
      according to news website of china that normally contains the news on gadgets, smart phones etc, apple is planning to introduce a smart watch that will connect to the apple devices through bluetooth. the name of this website is tech.163. according to the sources of this report, the company has made arrangements... 



				tags: bluetooth connectivity, pmoled display, smart watch, sony				posted in general | 
			



      tim cook receives $4.17m remuneration during 2012, apple files report to sec       

  


   
      the apple has submitted the annual statement to the sec yesterday in which the company claimed that the total remuneration that was given to the ceo of the company stood at $ 4.17m during 2012. the held meeting of the shareholders and during the meeting, the company informed all the future projects that... 



				tags: sec, steve jobs, stock option award, tim cook				posted in general | 
			



      man found involved in fraud claiming sue on facebook and zuckerberg       

  


   
      a man was found involved in a fraud who sued the facebook and zuckerberg who is the ceo of the leading social media site back in 2010.
paul ceglia, who is 39 years old man and resident of western new york sued the facebook and zuckerberg in 2010 claiming the right for 84% rights of the company. now he... 



				tags: ceglia, fradulent activity, marck zuckerberg, scoial media site				posted in general | 
			






search for:



  recent posts 

videos sent through facebook poke can now be saved permanently


microsoft windows phone 7.8 is expected to come in the market in early 2013


iphone 5 gets the permission to launch in china as final regulatory hurdle vanishes


performance of tech companies ipos during 2012


apple is planning to start mac mini production at u.s


twitter contributed zero percent to black friday sales


gmail enhances the attached file size up to 10gb


apple is planning to introduce bluetooth smart watch, sources of the market claim


tim cook receives $4.17m remuneration during 2012, apple files report to sec


man found involved in fraud claiming sue on facebook and zuckerberg


categories 
apple

facebook

general

google

microsoft

twitter

yahoo





 

 
home     contact us      terms of services

this site is not affiliated in any way with microsoft corporation, american online, yahoo or icq.





