    insurance in maine - f.a. peabody insurance                  
    877-960-1457 moc.ydobaepaf@ofni  facebook   instagram   facebook   instagram client login    personalauto insurancemaine sr-22 driver’s licensehome insurancepersonal umbrella policymaine personal insurancemobile home insurancerenters insurancerecreational vehicle insurancetravel insurancehealth insurance in mainespecialty programs – personalemployee benefits program – does your employer participate?businessbusiness insurancecommercial auto insurancecommercial fishinggeneral liability & commercial property insurancebondingworkers compensationchurch insurancedriving schoolsmaine farm insurancelogging & lumbering insurancetaxis/limousinestransportation/truckingspecialty business insuranceemployee benefits program – does your employer participate?life/healthhealth insurance in mainelife insurancemaine medicare supplement insurancemaine group health insuranceretirement plansindividual dental insuranceindividual vision care insuranceinternational & travel insuranceservice centerreport a claimmake a paymentget a formmortgagee request formcontestabout usour staffcareersprivacy policycorporate givingarticles & videoscommunity involvementmeet your agentnewsletterspersonal financepress releasesvideosthings happencontactcalaiscaribouhampdenhoultonlincolnmadawaskamillinocketmilomars hillpalermopresque isleshermanwestbrookmortgagee request formget a quote  select page      auto insurancebecause we are leading insurance professionals, we are dedicated to bringing you the most comprehensive and affordable auto insurance.  quote request life and healthoffering benefits to your employees will attract a higher caliber of worker, so your company will be more successful and more profitable.  quote request business insurancebusiness is unpredictable. but buying business insurance doesn’t have to be. because we are houlton’s most trusted maine insurance…  quote request homeowners insurancesince we are your premier insurance agency, we know that finding the perfect homeowners insurance package isn’t necessarily easy…  quote requestsign up for our emails to get up to date information about special giveaways and maine insurance news! you can unsubscribe at any time. sign up for emails! welcome to f.a. peabody insurance – maine insurance specialistswhether you buy insurance online or in person, f.a. peabody insurance is more than just a maine insurance agency. f.a. peabody insurance agents are maine insurance specialists offering personal and commercial insurance products, niche insurance lines such as affinity plans, trucking and logging insurance, group benefits and bonding. because of our wide selection and 13 locations throughout the state of maine we can better serve our wide variety of customers.f.a. peabody insurance knows every customer is unique, so we have worked tirelessly to offer a diverse product line and educate our maine insurance specialists to better serve you! founded in 1927 we have been offering this personal touch to all of our clients for over 90 years. with offices in houlton, hampden, westbrook, presque isle, caribou, calais, lincoln, sherman, madawaska, mars hill, palermo, milo, and east millinocket, and the ability to quote online, we have all of maine covered.whether you need affordable insurance in bangor, portland or anywhere in maine, contact f.a. peabody insurance today to let us begin earning your trust.    our blog f.a. peabody insurance welcomes three newly licensed agents to the teamby hollie mcafee | feb 5, 2025houlton, me – f.a. peabody insurance (fapco) is proud to announce the addition of three new licensed insurance agents to its growing team. these individuals recently passed their maine insurance licensing exams and are now officially licensed to serve the insurance...read moreready for a quote? drop us a line anytime, and one of our customer service agents will respond to you as soon as possibleget a quote about us  f. a. peabody company is a family company with roots dating back to 1927 in the town of houlton, maine. frank allen peabody started the business as a property casualty insurance agency. in recent years, it has added the sale of life, health and group benefits; third party administration; and broadband internet services. 
f.a. peabody insurance has offices in 13 towns across maine. you’ll find us in houlton, madawaska, caribou, presque isle, mars hill, sherman, lincoln, calais, hampden, palermo, milo, millinocket, and westbrook. we also serve the entire state online with state-of-the-art digital communication systems.privacy policy  facebook   instagram © 2022. all rights reserved.                   