
























homepage | jdpowervalues










skip to main content





menu







home
main navigation


business solutions


dealers


banks, credit unions and lenders


insurance companies


oems and captive finance


rental fleet companies


investment community


government agencies


farm & outdoor power equipment




analysis and insights


car and light truck market insights


commercial truck market insights


specialty vehicles insights


press releases


podcasts




thought leadership 


alg


customer login


newsroom


product solutions




specialty vehicle solutions


manufactured home solutions


online solutions


print solutions




contact


account representatives


faqs




login


























mobile products
see your vehicle adjustments in real time

add and remove vehicle options within the app and see how it effects the value right in the palm of your hand



learn more
























 commercial truck update
2024 wrapped up on solid footing

auction volume in december was uncharacteristically weak, but pricing ticked up. sleeper tractors sold through retail channels depreciated moderately, while daycabs moved slightly upward.



read now
























 latest product updates
learn about updates to your products available now

chrome’s verified engineered build data for vin precision+ and trim reduction. this enhancement is transparent and automatic for values online and marketvalues (used cars) users. this improves vin precision+ coverage from ~65% to ~80%, including a significant increase in vin precision+



learn more
























previous
next


1
2
3













2024 year end powersports market insights




2024 year end rv market insights




2024 year end marine market insights













delivering accurate values and objective market intelligence to drive customer success


learn how our marketvalues app provides quick accurate values no matter where you are located.













download the app now










leaders in



accurate values



through unparalleled analytical rigor and market leading data science, we deliver the most accurate, unbiased values in the industry to give our customers the clarity and information they need to make the right decisions for their businesses.








expert market intelligence



as home to some of the most experienced analysts in the auto industry, j.d. power valuation services brings an unmatched level of expertise to everything we do, making us the go-to source for market intelligence for clients across a variety of industries – including auto manufacturers, dealers, insurance companies, financial institutions, government agencies and beyond.








innovative insights



through our progressive approach to innovating and refining our methodologies and the products and services we offer, we are dedicated to delivering our clients the most impactful data, intelligence and insights in the industry to help drive their success.















business solutions
our goal is to help your business maximize profits through precision and insight.




 

dealers
learn more









dealers
 

trusted values to help you make the right decisions
the precision, breadth and timeliness of our values can help you in every aspect of your business, from making the right decisions at auction to appraising customer trade-ins, setting competitive asking prices, and generating retail prices that help drive profitability while maximizing transparency and customer trust. by using our trusted data, you will have the information you need to make the decisions that drive your business success. appraising customer trade-ins - wholesale remarketing / decisioning - setting asking prices and marketingdetermining retail sale prices - f&i department decisioning - pricing inventory - equity data mining











 

banks, credit unions and lenders
learn more









banks, credit unions and lenders
 

accurate values and insights to drive your success
as a finance professional, the success of your business rests on making sound decisions – and those decisions can only be as good as the data on which they are based. that’s why j.d. power valuation services provides objective, unbiased and accurate values and insights trusted by clients across the nation's leading banks, credit unions, finance companies and beyond.
loan origination / underwriting - floorplan valuations / decisioning - portfolio valuation / management
scenario stress testing / risk analysis - wholesale remarketing / decisioning - depreciation analysis
used vehicle price forecasts - repossessions / collections - specialty vehicle valuations
vin authentication











 

insurance companies
learn more









insurance companies
 

unbiased values to guide sound decisions
accurate, reliable data and rigorous quantitative analysis drives the insurance business. at j.d. power valuation services, we understand this and are committed to providing the objective, unbiased values you need for accurate underwriting, claims threshold and total loss assessments.
policy underwriting - claims total loss - setting claims threshold and reserves - vin authentication











 

oems and captive finance
learn more









oems and captive finance
 

precise, robust data and deep market expertise support, identify and exploit business opportunities and needs
our unrivalled data, trusted values and market-leading expertise deliver the accurate information and insights you need to successfully address a wide variety of business needs, including wholesale remarketing, loan origination / underwriting, improving residual value performance, understanding and maximizing cpo programs, and beyond.
loan origination / underwriting - portfolio valuation / management - scenario stress testing / risk analysis
wholesale remarketing / decisioning - depreciation analysis - wholesale market analysis / performance management
residual values - used vehicle price forecasts - certified pre-owned (cpo) insights / analysis
repossessions / collections - vin authentication











 

rental and fleet companies
learn more









rental and fleet companies
 

data to help you make the right decisions for your fleet
our accurate, trusted values give you the objective view and unbiased information you need to manage every aspect of your fleet including re-marketing, purchase planning, portfolio valuations and more.
wholesale remarketing / decisioning - purchase planning depreciation analysis
portfolio valuation / management - scenario stress testing / risk analysis - used vehicle price forecasts











 

investment community
learn more









investment community
 

trusted market intelligence and class leading data are the foundation for smart investments
by analyzing over 20 million vehicle transactions per year and uniting this data with our industry leading data science, we understand every aspect of the used vehicle market on both a macro and a micro level. if you are looking to understand market dynamics and obtain accurate and objective forecasts upon which to base sound investment decisions, we have the market intelligence and insights to help you.
wholesale price indices - used market intelligence - wholesale auction data - used retail price data - used vehicle price forecasts 











 

partner integration
learn more









partner integration
 

give your clients access to the most trusted data in the business
by partnering with us, you will be giving your clients access to the most objective, unbiased and accurate data in the industry. reach out to one of representatives today.
as a partner you will have access to:
complete vehicle data – get auction, trade-in, loan and retail values for used vehicles as well as comprehensive vehicle descriptions, residual values, historical values, vin decoding capabilities and more.
exclusive j.d. power pin (power information network®) data – 100% pure retail transaction data based on more than 294 million new and used vehicle sales.
integrated data solutions – integrate our data into your own system, websites and applications via a wide selection of advanced developer tools.











 

government agencies / property tax / motor vehicle registration
learn more









government agencies / property tax / motor vehicle registration
 

accurate, objective values trusted by government
recognized as the most objective in the industry, our values are trusted across government agencies at both the federal and state level. our values are used by state and local governments to assess personal property taxes on vehicles, federal officials in the department of justice and the fbi for asset / forfeiture purposes, while the social security administration uses them to determine property benefits. state dmvs across the country use our values to determine the sales tax associated with a vehicle’s  bill of sale.
federal: benefit, asset and forfeiture assessment - state / local: personal property tax
state dmv: actual cash value regarding bill of sale 

















thought leadership & analysis
view our latest insights and industry analysis




commercial truck
2025 class 8 auctions off to a slow start
with very few auctions on the calendar in the first half of the month, january is typically the slowest month of the year. january 2025 was no exception.



read more


 











economic news
latest industry analysis
get up to date information on the used vehicle and commercial truck industry 



explore now


 












featured solutions 



alg automotive solutions
learn what is coming in 2025


learn more


 











manufactured housing connect for new homes
your digital pricing tool


discover now


 











online product enhancements
get clear view and vin precision+


learn more


 











official commercial truck mobile app
get accurate values in the palm of your hand


get it now


 


















contact us today
want to speak with your account representative. call at 800.544.6232 or complete the form and a representative in your field will reach out to you promptly.
many questions can be answered through our faq section. this section is updated frequently as new solution come online and to explain new processes in how we gain and evaluate valuations in the automotive and manufactured housing industry. to get answers to solution questions or to better understand our valuation process click here
to learn more about valuation services, formerly known as nada used car guide and how for over 90 years we have been the leading provider of well researched accurate values that are the most trusted in the automotive industry look up our history now.


find your customer care representative
























main navigation


business solutions


analysis and insights


thought leadership 


alg


specialty vehicle solutions


contact


login




social


twitter


facebook


linkedin


instagram


youtube




by using this site your agree to the terms of service, privacy policy and cookie policy


©2025 j.d.power. all rights reserved











