

a snipers tour of vietnam






 
 
 







 










 
welcome to my gallery of pictures
      and memories of a time long ago when so many of us were young and
      innocent. i certainly hope some of these images bring back pleasant
      memories of vietnam. if you recognize anyone on these pictures, please let
      me know and i'll include your remarks. if you wish to post reunions or
      other info here, i'll be glad to help. to all my brethren out there, it was
      indeed an honor to serve with you!


here i am shaking hands with a true american hero, col. gordon roberts.  col roberts  (http://www.udayton.edu/stories/story/?contentid=7987) graciously accepted my offer to participate in a "hero's home" welcome celebration for the local vets and current troopers of the eastern lebanon county school district involved in the war on terrorism.  as you can see, we got caught in a torrential rain storm, however neither the troops nor col roberts flinched at the rain.  as the col. put it..."if it ain't raining, you ain't training."  i first met col roberts at the 50th anniversary celebration of the amtu at ft. benning, ga. col roberts is a truly amazing individual.  god bless col roberts!
9th infantry
      division sniper school instructors, camp bearcat
maj willis powell
      msgt alfred b. falcon
      sfc glenn t. atkison
      sfc albert k. nainoa
      sfc harry c. tharp
      sfc james l. tuck
      ssgt arpail "joe" gapol
      ssgt william r. lee
      ssgt richard d. rebidue
      ssgt wayne e. young
listed above are some of the
      greatest people i've ever had the opportunity to know and respect. in
      1968-69, many of us were young, scared and most of us did not necessarily
      want to be in viet nam. nonetheless, we all volunteered for this training
      and these gentlemen took us in and "showed us the way" through
      hard training and unrelenting discipline, but more importantly,
      sharing  mutual respect for the job at hand and their love for
      shooting. a special "thank you" to joe gapol who took me under
      his wing for my remaining time in the military. i'm proud to say joe and i
      are still the best of friends! 
 
howard's 
        vietnam page 
        is a member of the

want 
        to join the ring? get info 
        visit other sites in the ring now! 
        [prev][ skipit 
        ][ next5 ][ next 
        ][list 
        sites] 
chatrooms 
please 
        visit the mobile riverine force association.
howard 
        kramer
box 409
        schaefferstown, pa 17088
717-949-6819
hkramer@listrak.com








