












home | bureau of engineering











      skip to main content
    













bureau of engineering






aboutabout us2023 boe bookorganizationrory m. shaw outstanding employee awardsbiodiversity projects2021-2023 strategic planhistory of city of los angeles city engineers and surveyorslos angeles' city engineers & surveyorsdivisionsdivision overviewadministrationarchitecturalbridge improvementoverview710 corridor multi-modal improvementscentral districtclean water2020 floodplain management plan updatemeeting scheduleoverviewpublic outreach for 2020 fmpsteering committeemeeting agendas, summaries and handoutsnewspolicies, regulations, and ordinancesflood info for publicfloodplain management planevents calendarmeetings schedulemission statement, goals, objectivesoverviewpress releasespublic surveysteering committee meeting agendas, summaries, and handoutscommunity rating systemfmp preparation processpublic outreachevents calendarflyers and mailersoverviewpublic surveysteering committeenational flood insurance program informational videoabout the floodplain management plan (fmp)frequently asked questionsoverviewpolicies, regulations, and ordinancesterms and definitionsfema flood protection publicationsfloodplain management plans, newsletter and reference documentsfloodplain mappingdevelopment in the floodplainexternal linksladwp stormwater capture parks programcomplete streetsconstruction managementenvironmental engineeringenvironmental managementoverviewceqa process overviewarchivessixth street viaduct seismic improvement (archived)albion dairy demolition and remediation & albion riverside park project (archived)aliso canyon park improvements project (w.o. 1907295) (archived)air treatment facility & street vacation at mission road & jesse street(archived)baldwin hills communication site improvement project (archived)central outfall sewer at 59th street and 4th avenue project (archived)donald c. tillman in-plant storage basins (archived)gaffey street pool and bathhouse (archived)hansen dam baseball fields renovation (archived)hansen dam recreation improvements (archived)hansen dam phase ii ranger station and trail improvement (archived)hillcrest drive landslide repair (archived)mount lee communication facility site improvements project (archived)mount lukens communication tower improvements project (archived)mount lee pipeline and pumphouse (archived)new north east area police station (archived)north spring street viaduct widening and rehabilitation (archived)north valley fire station no. 7 (w.o. e170093b) (archived)olympic boulevard and mateo street improvements (w.o. e600077) (archived)olympic west pico east initiative (archived)police academy replacement training facility (archived)runyon canyon park - fuller entrance parking area (archived)smart energy transport system recirculated sections of the draft environmental impact report (archived)soto street widening - multnomah street to north mission road (archived)street vacation- shatto street between witmer street and valencia street (w.o. e1401160) (archived)taylor yard river parcel g2 project (archived)temescal canyon park stormwater best management practices project (bmp) – phase ii (archived)vacation of 33rd street between figueroa street and flower street project (archived)venice beach security lighting (archived)verdugo peak communications tower improvement project (archived)wilmington drain multi-use and machdo lake ecosystem rehabilitation (archived)geotechnical engineeringoverviewasilomar blvd street stabilization projectpre-design reportgeotechnical reportsslide presentationswhite point landslide: project summarypre-design reportgeotechnical reportsstatus reportstimelineslide presentationsplansphotosenvironmental review documentsfield investigationsgis and mappingla river projectslamp and harbor districtmetro transitpermit case managementproject award and controlreal estaterecreation and cultural facilitiesoverviewabout usspecified projectscompetitive grantsoverview10th competitive funding cycle letter11th competitive funding cycle - reopened11th competitive funding cycleforms10th competitive funding cycle rfpcompetitive grants formstechnical assistance seminar powerpoint presentation 2021technical assistance seminar schedulehealth alternatives to smoking (hats) trust fundstandard grant agreement - sample10th cycle 2020 frequently asked questions10th cycle 2020 frequently asked questions - 29th cycle rfp frequently asked questionslocal volunteer neighborhood oversight committeesmaintenance fundingparks firstservice and maintenance monitoringoverviewmaintenance quarterly report formservice quarterly report formstatus reportspicture gallerycontact informationsidewalk repair programstreet improvementoverviewsurveyservicesemploymentstructural engineeringsystemsvalley districtwastewater conveyance constructionoverviewvenice dual force main sewernotice of eir availabilitydraft environmental impact reportfinal eirprojects in environmental reviewwastewater conveyance engineeringwest la districtfor employeesnew! - workdayetimepersonal portalvideo remote interpreting service (vri)public records requestprojectsmajor projectsenvironmental documentssearch for projectsbridging los angelesemployee resourcesoffice locationsnewslettersstandard plansjobstranslatesearch

















 
















2025 wildfire recoverycity engineer ted allen briefs 40 bureau of engineering staff before they move into the palisades fire burn areas to assess hillside stability before a rain event during the second weekend following the devastating palisades and eaton fires. one of engineering's roles is to identify hillside areas that may be susceptible to mudslides.  






















sixth street parcengineering has begun construction on the highly-anticipated sixth street parc, 12 acres of recreation and open space underneath the sixth street viaduct. the parc will be completed in 2025 and include the len hill arts plaza, soccer fields, restrooms, water features, dog parks, walking paths and much more.  






















sixth street viaduct 
the $588 million sixth street viaduct has become one of the most celebrated and beloved structures in los angeles, attracting residents and visitors both day and night. 






















north atwater bridgeengineering led the construction of the $16 million north atwater bridge, a cable-stayed steel pedestrian and horse bridge that crosses the los angeles river. the 325 foot long bridge crosses the los angeles river and was built to provide safe passage of horses and riders traveling from the atwater equestrian neighborhood to griffith park.  






















mayor bass joins grand opening of northeast new beginningscity engineer ted allen joined mayor karen bass and councilmember eunisses hernandez (cd1) to celebrate the grand opening of northeast new beginnings, a 35,000 sq ft site with 34 standalone homes, each aiming to provide autonomy and privacy for previously unhoused residents on the path to permanent housing.






















tiny home villages
the bureau of engineering is leading the design and construction of tiny home villages across the city to provide housing and services to our unhoused neighbors. tiny home villages are designed as communities, not just shelter, a goal achieved through color, shaded gathering spaces, outdoor pet runs, and much more. 






















george wolfberg park at potrero canyonengineering completed the new 46-acre park in potrero canyon in pacific palisades in 2022. the park is home to trails through restored riparian canyon leading from the existing palisades recreation center to the curb of pacific coast highway, opening to an expansive view of the pacific ocean.  






















michelle and barack obama sports complex
the bureau of engineering led the $50 million development of the michelle and barack obama sports complex in the baldwin hills neighborhood. the 24-acre project includes one of the city’s first net zero energy (nze) buildings, an olympic-size indoor pool, an indoor gym with two high school basketball courts, a mezzanine walking track, a fitness annex, a multi-use community room, and a landscape designed to incorporate five distinct ecologies: high desert, canyon, coastal, chaparral, and medicinal. 






















community outreachthe bureau of engineering is known for conducting comprehensive community outreach programs for our projects, including community discussions, focus groups, surveys, design workshops and much more for the hundreds of people who are involved in our projects. 






















more than 400 active projects!
the bureau of engineering delivers more than 100 projects a year and at any time, has more than 400 active projects.






















daxbotthe bureau of engineering is piloting daxbot, a robotic assessment tool that can measure sidewalks in less time than it would take a city employee. daxbot can be seen here measuring sidewalks around the echo park lake.






















ready for reseda!city engineer ted allen joined councilmembers blumenfield and raman, state senator menjivar and ladot gm laura rubio-cornejo to celebrate the completion of the reseda blvd complete streets project, a 2.9 mile section from parthenia street to victory blvd. along reseda, costing $24 million.






















recruitmentengineering is conducting recruitment activities this year at 37 colleges and universities, including 14 historically black colleges and universities (hbcus), as part of our efforts to encourage students to pursue the field of engineering, as well as promote the city of los angeles as an employer of choice.






















taylor yard pedestrian bridgeengineering's taylor yard pedestrian bridge connects the communities of elysian valley and cypress park and will connect to the future taylor yard g2 river park, a city-owned parcel along the la river. the pedestrian bridge is part of the city's ongoing la river revitalization plans and our commitment to active transportation throughout our communities.







previousnext










































 





want to know what the bureau of engineering is working on in your neighborhood?
the bureau of engineering currently has more than 400 active projects and delivers more than 100 projects each year! click here to find your council district and check out the many ways we are improving your community.
development services and permits notice
the bureau of engineering development services and permits program continues to offer virtual appointments and also offers in-person service at the downtown development services center (201 n. figueroa st), by appointment only through the buildla's  appointment system. 







services










 




2021-2023 strategic plan





2021-2023 strategic plan

the bureau of engineering's plan to transform los angeles into the world's most livable and resilient city.





permits & services





permits & services

information and applications for permits and development services available in the bureau of engineering.





contractors





contractors

information about pre-qualified consultants and anticipated construction projects in the bureau of engineering.





consultants





consultants

information about consultants.





project information





project information

detailed project reports and contact information for all active engineering projects.





technical information





technical information

information about engineering's technical documents and access to the epps.





mapping tools





mapping tools

list of available mapping tools including navigatela, public way reservation system (pwrs) and others.














highlights






 





awards










 





sepulveda basin










 





sixth street viaduct






















 





hollyhock house renovation of residence a complete










 





housing for homeless angelenos










 





george wolfberg park at potrero canyon




























contact us
department of public works
bureau of engineering
1149 s. broadway, suite 700
los angeles, ca 90015-2213
dial 311
 






public worksdepartment of public worksboard of public worksbureau of sanitationbureau of street lightingbureau of street servicesbureau of contract administrationbpw agendas






jobs
city personnel
engineering jobs
internships
stay connected

 facebook.com/labureauengineering/
 instagram.com/labureauengineering/









© copyright 2025 city of los angeles. all rights reserved.disclaimerprivacy policy










google translate

























