

beautiful hilary duff










 



































beautiful hilary duff
news
duff still confused about lohan feud
25 july 2005 (wenn)
			
teen pop sensation hilary duff fears she'll never understand why she and former "phone pal" lindsay lohan became enemies over their romances with aaron carter. the pair's ongoing fights have made media headlines in the past year, but duff is now keen to move on - even though her one-time pal stole her boyfriend. she says, "the thing i don't understand is that for a while we used to talk on the phone way back when i was shooting (kids tvshow) lizzie mcguire and she was shooting a disney channel movie. we were phone pals. then, all of a sudden, all this bad stuff happened. i was just like, 'why would anyone ever do this to me?' i didn't really understand it. it's hard being so young and having people lie about you, with millions of people reading or watching. it was all about a boyfriend that i had, and it was weird because he caused all this trouble that i didn't really care about and that she couldn't have cared about. you're kids, what does it matter?" duff has also moved on from carter and is now dating good charlotte star joel madden. she adds, "even though we dated when i was only 14, we did fall in love, and it was serious for us. he did cheat on me, but whatever. we were 14. who cares?" 
			

movie reviews: 'the perfect man'
17 june 2005 (studiobriefing)
			
the perfect man, starring heather locklear and hilary duff, is being offered up this weekend as "counterprogramming" to batman begins, which opened on wednesday. many critics suggest it really amounts to no competition at all. "the perfect man takes its idiotic plot and uses it as the excuse for scenes of awesome stupidity," writes roger ebert in the chicago sun-times. lou lumenick in the new york post scores it for its "sticky, straight-to-video caliber." likewise jami bernard in the new york daily news describes it as "this nondescript piffle." and jan stuart in newsday proffers this advice: "if you are planning on seeing the new hilary duff comedy over father's day weekend, show dad how much you care. leave him home." 
			


from internet movie database (www.imdb.com)
			
			
		









			i relize that some of this material on this website may be copyrighted. i try my best to keep copyrighted material off my website but it is difficult if not impossible to keep free of all copyright material. if there is a copyright violation please contact me at invincible_stevo@hotmail.com.
			this site is all about celebrities, more specifically hilary duff. the site includes, pictures, links, news, a filmography and a biography about your favorite celebrity. this will able you to experience everything about hilary duff from movies like cheaper by the dozen 2 and foodfight, to men's magazine pictures, like maxim, fhm, and rollingstone, as well as cds like most wanted and the self titled hilary duff albums. also, there is information about music videos that you find on mtv like wake up, and our lips are sealed. this site also includes news, hundreds of pictures, and links to other beautiful celebrities.
			google provides the ads through their adsense program. the ads are composed of everything whether its web hosting, buying movies (dvds), books, mp3s, posters, or anything esle. the ads also include things on ebay, dvd movies, magazines, cosmetics, and anything else. make sure you check out the wallpapers sections of the website, or if you like, backgrounds for your desktop.
			





