

































    
    fresno party bus & limousine rental service | limo for you fresno, ca
  
  


















              (559) 266-1111español: (559) 363-2558
  


   

call 559-266-1111 for quick quote




       home



  fleet



  quotes / reserve


   quotes



  reservations



  login and registration



  get a corporate account





  services


   madera wine trail limo wine tasting tours



  madera wine and chocolate weekend transportation service



  quinceañera limousine services



  coronavirus birthday and date night ideas limo party bus fresno



  fresno quinceanera expo transportation services



  tachi palace casino limo and transportation service



  chukchansi gold resort and casino limo and transportation service





  airports



  about



  contact


   write a review





  more


   links



  coronavirus limo safety procedures














    
 





        limo service fresno

the best limo service has to offer for your luxury transportation needs.



  


   home of the super-stretch limo & party bus 
we own central valley's newest and largest selection of super-stretch limos, suvs, sprinters, luxury shuttles & party buses with 2-44 passenger capacity!


    limousine service

    

    

limo service visalia







  

view our vehicles

see our selection of the newest & largest limos, sprinters & party buses up close!
  party bus rentals

    

    

limo service merced







  

reserve now

we own every car we rent to you! every car is thoroughly inspected! reserve yours online now!
  limo service specials

    

    

limo service bakersfield







  

view our specials

need some extra time for free? 
view our specials to find out how!


   



    limousine service and party bus service
 
at limo for you, our mission is simple yet profound: to be the premier limousine company in central california, with a commitment to delivering the best party bus rentals, sprinter limos, shuttles, and limousine services in fresno, visalia, merced, bakersfield, and their surrounding areas. we believe in setting the bar high when it comes to luxury and professionalism in transportation.


  
 celebrate your night with us in style!! 
whether you're planning a special event, a night out on the town, or require reliable transportation for business, we're here to make your journey exceptional. what sets us apart is not just our diverse fleet of vehicles but our dedication to customer satisfaction and safety. our experienced chauffeurs are not just drivers; they are your friendly guides, ensuring that your trip is enjoyable and worry-free. with a focus on punctuality, reliability, and personalized service, we aim to be your trusted partner for all your transportation needs.join us on this mission to redefine luxury travel in central california, and experience the difference that makes limo for you the preferred choice for those who seek elegance and comfort in their journey. your satisfaction is our ultimate goal, and we're here to make your travel extraordinary.﻿   

reserve now




   

 

 



   our vehicles have the newest technology including: 
fiber-optics, laser lights, bar service, satellite t.v., satellite radio, ipod docks, cd & dvd's & much more!!! limo for you offers the largest selection of party bus rentals, sprinter limos and shuttles and limousine services in fresno, visalia, merced, bakersfield and its surrounding areas.



       

    

car service fresno, merced, visalia




  

    

chauffeur suv service fresno, merced, visalia






  

    

chauffeur shuttle service fresno, merced, visalia




  

    

sprinter van shuttle








   call limo for you today for your fresno party bus rentals! 
fresno party bus rental and limousine services.
  

559-266-1111




       

    

button




  

    

button






  

    

button




  

    

button








   we have been awarded the best of fresno awards two years in a row! 
you can trust us with your safety and satisfaction each and every time. at limo for you your safety and satisfaction is our number one goal.
all of limo for you's vehicles are gps and satellite monitored for your safety and protection. 
limo service near me 
- you and your friends will feel comfortable and safe in the valley's most modern and newest fleet of amazing limousines, sprinter
limos and shuttle buses and party buses. we are certain you will enjoy a great night on the town, group outings to ball games, 
corporate car service, 
corporate limo service, executive travel, airport transportation, proms and formals.



  
  limo and transportation service to tachi palace casino resort
 
we provide 
limo service to tachi palace casino resort 
and 
private transportation services to tachi palace casino resort 
from fresno, visalia, merced and throughout the entire fresno area. tachi palace hotel & casino features a full on-site casino with slot machines, table games, as well as live entertainment, spa and fitness center. the casino and resort also offers on-site wedding arrangements, spacious convention facilities and a variety of restaurants.  limo and transportation service to chukchansi gold resort & casino
 
 we provide limo service to chukchansi gold resort & casino and private transportation services to chukchansi gold resort & casino from fresno, visalia, merced and throughout the entire fresno area. chukchansi gold resort & casino is located in coarsegold, california and is world-class destination for gaming, dining and entertainment.
   

reserve now




   because we own each and every car we rent to you, limo for you is passionate about your safety and satisfaction! 
• every driver is licensed and certified by the state of california• all limo for you vehicles pass a rigorous state highway patrol safety inspection.• each limo for you vehicle is equipped with satellite monitoring for your safety and driver accuracy.• limo for you vehicles are inspected and cleaned prior to every rental.• we even have a
party bus with bathroom facility on board for longer trips.



   



   
  

call 559-266-1111 for quick quote

  

español: (559) 363-2558

  

view fleet

  

get an online quote

  

online reservation

  

login & registration

  

get a corporate account









      all major credit cards accepted 

 
 

218 cypress st, madera, ca 93637
tcp# 37334-a
    

 

 





 
  

559-266-1111

  

get a quote / reserve

  

email us




     © 2025 
all rights reserved | limo for you





   
limo service web design by veermobile
















































































































  
  share by:








