










home | gefen


















































 















skip to content
















							menu
						













solutions

retail
corporate
venues
government & education
broadcast


technology

4k ultra hd
av over ip
hdbaset
wireless solutions
gefen syner-g software


products

av over ip
accessories
boosters & detectives
cables & adapters
converters & scalers
extenders
matrix
signal generators
splitters
switchers


connect

contact us
blog
downloads & resources
gefen in the news
press release
warranty and return policy
about gefen
help center


where to buy

nice north america portal
find a gefen distributor


 




























all-new avoip matrix controller! avoip matrix controller









all-new ultra high-speed hdmi 2.1 cables cables & adapters









4k ultra hd there is no better technology for splitters, switchers, extenders and matrixes. learn more









uhd 600 mhz signal distribution professionals whose work is on the line only rely on gefen video products.  learn more









syner-g™ software superior performance and customization to configure, monitor and manage.  learn more





















gefen® products deliver extensive, advanced av over ip solutions known the world over for seamless, advanced signal distribution and control solutions for most every commercial application, gefen® announces an array of new, powerful features that facilitate independent routing of individual av signals within its second generation of av over ip products.
 view it now 












4k ultra hd the future. now 4k.
learn more




av over ip access anywhere.
learn more




hdbaset one and done.
learn more




wireless uncompromised.
learn more












do the impossible.
gefen creates solutions that redefine what’s possible with video distribution, including 600mhz uhd.













game-changing solutions for retail environments  retail environments must accommodate many factors and people. customers, staff, multiple displays, video formats and more. see why the world’s largest retailer chose gefen products for 5,000 locations across the united states.
 learn more













robust, reliable systems for broadcasters from television to film, broadcasters rely on gefen to manage and route multisource video signals to outputs ranging from displays to capture cards.
 learn more













immersive video at the world’s most recognized venues  gefen creates the solutions that support complex and sophisticated on-site video distribution required for any sized venue, from small-scale entertainment venues to much larger stadiums and arenas.
 learn more













seamless, scalable solutions for government and education from classrooms to courtrooms, gefen products can be easily designed into your spaces to fit your organization’s specific needs and budget.
 learn more









 





mediaproduct videos








© 2025 nice north america llc| 


terms
|privacy policy



































 


















