 
boston groupie news - boston's original punk rock magazine






















   



  
  




 

 



about us |  interviews |   photos | features |bgn issue list  reviews  | links | contact us 
































 











































































bostonclublistings


1976


1977


1978


1979


various








 
 
 


 
 biweekly news and gig listings








 submit your news here

february 10, 2025







 
                kilslug. rico on right. first time shown in color.



rico petroleum (maguire) died this week. he was as colorful and edgy as his groups,
	  and what groups!  the notorious kilsug, upsidedown cross, the groinoids and a founding
	   member of screw cart. rico has had health issues for a few years.
	    his obituary is here 
when we saw rico we always talked about the photo story we did with kilslug 
          where we walked around chinatown. he loved that day. photos from that 
          have shown up regularly through the years. rico used to record outside 
          of studios and release some of those recordings around. he did a lot 
          of recording with tontileo. they were a sympathetic 
          creative combo and best friends too. 
mark kennedy posted "final wishes" a song by rico on facebook.
 you can catch it on youtube  
  there are many more rico songs on mark's youtube channel.  
rico was out in the clubs regularly through the years. he used to hang at fathers too and was at the 
fathers too reunion in 2007.
  
  rico  wrote up his fathers too recollections on that page also. there was the kilsug reunion show at church in october of 2007. 
  and he was at the arthur freedman's
   photo show in 2008  with his son trevor.
  we see he also played a set with psycho at o'brien's in 2011.
the first time we saw screw cart was when they were 
          playing club 
          bohemia at the cantab in 2016. the song "cheese wheel" stood out 
          as it does to this day. two thirds through the set rico 
          seemed dissatisfied with his guitar and in frustration put in down and 
          walked off the stage and out of the club. we saw him later on the street 
          outside. just a punk thing to do. 
on the screw cart fb page they clarified that rico officially left 
          the group 6 years ago but was on the recordings for "mask shammer" and 
          "anubis". rico playing with kilslug for the last time 
          in 2011 on sonic 
          lobotomy. joanie lindstrom played kilslug's "human sacrifice" (2010) 
          on her show in memoriam of rico this week. that song shows the power 
          and aura the group emitted. 
          here it is on youtube. 
rico was also miss lyn's roommate on mission hill in the 90's. rico will be 
          missed!! like everyone says he was a good guy!! 

the people behind the resurrection of great scott have 
          submitted plans on the new building to the city of boston. vanyaland 
          had the details. they're gonna build a whole new building. o'brien's 
          will be located on the cambridge st side. it will have the same 75 person 
          capacity. great scott will have a 300 person capacity. 
          there are four floors above the street level clubs with 139 residences.

  the building will take 18 months to build and could start in as soon as four months.
  that means no o'brien's during the building period.  where do you park? no answer to that.
this reminds us that we haven't heard anything about the middle 
          east becoming a complex with condos. that was in the news back 
          in september of 2022. the story actually goes back to 2020. 

nelson slater died this week (1/29) after a time in hospice care. nelson was a high school friend of lou reed.
 joe 'count' viglione brought nelson to the club bohemia in 2014. we were at that show. 
  we talked to nelson about his album wild angel. nelson said that lou co-wrote most of the songs but gets credit on only one. 
   the album is a well arranged singer/songwriter album. the count brought nelson back the next year at club bohemia again.   

sal maida, the bass player for milk and cookies,  a very early cbgb’s group (1974), died this week also.
  they were pop when everyone around them was punk. they have a live at cbgbs 1975. 
  hozac records published his autobiography four strings.
  he later went on to have a long career playing with: roxy music, sparks, ronnie spector, mary weiss and cracker.
  story in brooklyn vegan. 
  wfmu has some live embedded cuts of the group from 1978.   

new band alert - yes nanny has tai (petty morals), cindy vacarro
 (the spoilers and bdsx) and josh pickering. they'll be playing the abbey reunion of course. and have a bunch of gigs coming up, check the gig listings below. 
the chelsea curve will be playing in las vegas in march. they're 
          part of the tour with english mod rockers sharp class. 
          cromm fallon who are connected to rum bar records and 
          live in las vegas will be on the bill too. event 
          page 
 cambridge day newspaper reports that the beloved somerville theater and crystal ballroom complex
 is being sold. the good news is that the buyers are four long time employees who plan on continuing the status quo with no changes.
  the story in cambridge day.  
jack byrd is a member of joan jett and the blackhearts. he now has an album with little steven.
 his first song released is a coolest song in the world. "transistor radio childhood" has a little of a springsteen spirit to it.
  it name checks a few things you might remember about listening to the radio in the sixties.
  you can hear the song on youtube 

videos......





it seems like the dogmatics are being plagued by a band in england that have named themselves.the dogmatics.
  right off there are problems. the group has a song titled "charm school dropout" and it's been getting shuffled into the (real)
   dogmatics digital streams.  our dogmatics, always proactive, has posted a video about the situation.  





an iggy pop cd plus blu-ray called live at montreux jazz festival 2023 came out in january.
  the video of "gimme danger" off that blu-ray was just released. there is a killer band behind iggy that makes it even better. iggy, older but still shirtless, sounds great.
  to the right is "the passenger" from the same package.
  the cd/blu-ray on amazon 





the mistons are a punk band from portland, or with  a single  "bronze age collapse". 
 it couldn't be about the real bronze age collapse in the twelfth century bc, could it? actually, it sort of is!
  that's what makes their video for the song so much fun.
 they have low budget mock ups and cheesy film clips to represent the era. 
   did we mention it's also a dance? they are urging you to "do the bronze age, do the bronze age" over and over.  don't worry,
    it makes more sense when you see the video...sorry, no it doesn't.
  that is interspersed with low light live performance shots.the singer goes a bit crazy.
   the music is minimal riff based punk livened up with some screams. the best part is at the three minute mark where
    they go bonkers and musically recreate the bronze age collapse seen in the video.  
  just lots of fun.

radio......
brian young on a crash course for the ravers played five songs from the fuzztones
 in connection with the movie the fuzztones vs the world that played thursday 1/6 at the regent in arlington. we liked that hit, we hadn't heard enough fuzztones in the last few years.
  
  the crash course for the ravers show is on wmfo 91.5 fm on saturdays at 1pm. 
after that go to the wmfo schedule page   
     hit the a crash course for the ravers show on 1pm on saturday, then hit the 'archive' button.

 on the rising show on tuesday 1/28 skybar had three members 
(kevin, chris and kyle) of oh the humanity! in for an interview on the occasion of their new album ground to dust.
  they talk about how they take members' song ideas and add them together which results in different elements
   existing side by side that usually would not happen. we were struck by the matter of fact way they talk, next to the aggressive attack of the songs.
  they talked a lot about the six minute closing song "ground to dust".  it's such an epic song, 
  and it was nice to know they thought so much about creating it.

  skybar played a generous 7 songs from the album which is out in vinyl but it's sold out online.
   you can also  get it from the band at the live shows. in fact they are doing a few shows to celebrate
    the new album- march 14th in quebec at turbo haus, march 15th at faces, and march 16th at as220 providence.(see the gig listings below) 
 hear the interview below.  they like the idea of an album as a unit and don’t like the whole idea of spotify.
here is their fb page and their link tree page. 
 

skybar's rising show is on wmfo 91.5 fm on tuesdays at 8pm. after that go 
to the wmfo schedule page      the rising show at 8pm on tuesday, then hit the 'archive' button.

 joanie lindstrom did an anniversary show that was dedicated to the memorable shows she
 had seen at the paradise through the years. as you can imagine that is quite a list. 
  some names: cheap trick, b-52's, ac/dc, boomtown rats, echo and the bunnymen, buzzcocks, ultravox, 
  datsuns, devo, adam and the ants, xtc, u2, 999, jam, nico, the damned, van halen, iggy pop and more. 
   with the music, comes joanie's stories. she has hung out backstage and at after parties with the groups.  
on joanie's 2/6 show she played boston hardcore group the promised end in preparation for
 their show at the new salem club moon base one.  that's an excuse to embed a song by them because
  we think that their album the buried and the broken is a much worthy piece of work.  


for the buried and the broken by the promised end

to hear joanie's whole show go to the wmbr archive page 
    and hit the late risers show for thursday 1/30 or 2/6. 

podcasts.........
blowing smoke with twisted rico in conjunction with mike on the mic show will
 have tom baker in the studio live on wmfo on saturday february 15.  
blowing smoke with twisted rico had an interview with 
          canyons and locusts members justin keane and 
          amy young. a lot of the band's recordings have been done at 
          new alliance with ethan dussault and they give ethan 
          his props. they talk about their new release the goal gigolo 
          which is a concept album. get this; justin had a dream, he threw in 
          the details into chat gpt and had that expanded the story and that morphed 
          into the album. that's novel and a sign o' the times! 



sethyspice played the ian donaldson song "just another rock n roll song"
 for the second week in a row on the elastic glam show 1/31. 
 we heartedly endorse that. we did another repeat or two on our own. 
 that song captures the spirit of glam and the golden age when the singer would "glam, glam, glam the night away".  
other new songs were by daily j with "cheap tequila sunrise", gyasi's 
"cheap high"
 and three songs by locals garden of hedon.
  there were classics by sweet, t. rex, roxy music and bowie.  



on the 2/7 show sethyspice played a happy birthday tribute to woody woodmansey  
  the drummer in the spiders for mars.the songs were:
  u-boat - "star machine", holy holy - ""with of a circle",
   arnold corn - ""moonage daydream" and the spiders from mars - "ziggy stardust".
  there were new songs by  crymwave, sir prize and the tomorrow nights, ian donaldson,
   the black keys and the darkness.  then there was "vampire days"
    by gene dante and the future starlets. it took the elastic glam show to put gene dante in the soundscape that the group was made for.  



 on sonic overload on 1/27 al quint played a punk set that began with
 "ain't been to no music school" by the nosebleeds. for some reason that single was in all
  the bins in boston/cambridge record stores in 1978. it's gotten some attention in subsequent years.
   al followed that up with alberto y lost trios pananoias' doing the explicit "kill" that
    got played on the radio back when it could be. that was followed by the curse doing "killer bees"
	 and finally the rotters doing the classic "sit on my face stevie nicks". we have that set embedded below. that was what punk radio sounded like in its prime.  
one local band al played that we didn't know was the touch 
          heads whose latest release is from 2019. their 
          bandcamp page. we like the raging paranoia of "walls". we have that 
          below.


walls 
          by the touch heads

another set that captured punk radio was the  vibrators - "judy says",
 boomtown rats - "blind date", robert johnson - "wreck my mind" and elvis costello - "no action".  
on the 2/3 sonic overload show al began and ended 
          the show with all ramones doing "this ain't 
          havana" of end of the century. that was their fifth album in 
          1979. their first was 1976. al played a new local hardcore/punk group 
          called phagocyte. the song was "rat thing" off 
          their rat thing ep of 2022. we have "weaponized 
          incompetence" off their second ep below. 
        

b.u.d.l.i.g.h.t. demo by phagocyte

a boston set included two propeller artists; lori green with "really don't care" 
 and christmas with "dig we must", both demos. we have those below.
  

you can hear the whole show on the sonic overload web page 

come are heading to australia to do some shows: connected to that the thalia zedek was interviewed on
 junkyard podcast from pbs 106.7 radio in australia.
  thalia gives an overall history of the group. she details how hard it was to record some albums.  later after talking about the four groups she 
  simultaneously in she admits she sometimes forgets how to play some songs she's written.
  the whole show can be heard here . they have eight well selected songs that
   span come's career. we have the interview section embed below.
 


new music/cds......






paul cripple of regan youth died last september. 
          we interviewed him in 2014. the group's last album life 
          and times revisited, volume iii is now out. this album 
          tells the story of dave insurgent, the cofounder of 
          reagan youth and paul's high school friend. the whole album will be 
          released on february 28. the early single "hapless misfits" is a hardcore 
          song with a difference. it feels like an autobiography that is fuller 
          and more frank than you usually hear in any song. as befits this anarcho-punk 
          band the song ends with an environmental plea. they are presenting the 
          album as a concept album a la tommy. this single does fit into that 
          idea. we will be interested to hear the whole album.



we're always ready for a full scale bubble gum music revival. it's our guilty pleasure.
  gene champagne from canada who is on rum bar records is doing his bit by covering
   the ohio express song "yummy, yummy, yummy".  he puts some punk and volume into it to beef it up. that volume against
    the sweetness is a nice twist to the bubble gum. gene champagne is playing a rum bar show at the square root 3/6 (see gig listings below) 


yummy yummy yummy by gene champagne







 also over at rum bar records - they are ramping up the promo machine for the next 
slamdinistas album wild & restless. their last album shoot for the stars was one of our faves in 2023.
  they have one song out now called "oh yeah".  we love the singer gabriel johns. 
  with a singer like that you're half way to success before you write the songs. the album comes out on april 25.  that probably means we will get a few singles here and there to keep us hooked.
  you can preorder the album on bandcamp.   


wild & restless by slamdinistas

yet again it's rum bar records, working up the new album cryptic 
          numbers by las vegas rockers the laissey fairs. 
          they have three songs streaming from the album now. there are more than 
          a few groups doing the sixties thing but no one takes the deep dive 
          like the laissez fairs. when you listen it seems like there are layers 
          upon layers of sixties vibes resonating all at once. if you like acid 
          psych, this is the group to check out. 


cryptic numbers by the laissez fairs







 it's valentine day this week and there are two songs that are aimed at the romantic day.
  one is rum bar records again. they have plucked a song of the shang hi los
   last album aces eights and heartbeats.    "monsieur valentine" fits the bill here.  it's a good excuse to pay attention to the song again.  jenn d'angora is so perfect playing the broken hearted with the 60's girl group voice and arrangement.  listen, enjoy, repeat.  
 

smitt e smitty and his feztone friends have their twist on a romantic song with "#1 most likely". 
 the twist here is that the #1 most likely, is most likely to break his heart, make him blue, make him kneel down and cry, kill him with one look and put the devil in him.  you know he loves her though!
  smitty sings in a low iggy pop style vocal and the group slowly builds its rhythmic groove as the song goes on.  


#1 most likely by smitt e. smitty


here's some good shows coming up .....
february 11, 2024 (saturday) captain easychord, butterscott, larry newman, and leon rich - the jungle  [6pm]
february 15, 2024 (saturday) a v-day matinee  with muck & the mires, the carnivals, stop calling me frank - 3-7 at the midway
february 18, 2024 (tuesday) coffin salesman, matt charles,  connor storms & his bouquet at the midway 
february 21, 2024 (friday) far above the ground, the new frustrations, the associates at the new world tavern, plymouth 
 february 21, 2024 (friday) tsk tsk task, gut health, s.c.o.b.y, fat randy at moon base one in salem 
february 22, 2024 (saturday) huck 2, the stigmatics, the thigh scrapers at the jungle
february 22, 2024 (saturday) 10 year anniversary show for worshipper also with summoner and roadsaw at widowmaker brewing in braintree wood rd. eventpage 
february 26, 2024 (wednesday) m.o.t.o.,  paint fumes, puke pisstols (x-fuzzy, monsieurs/t andy california, adult learners) at deep cuts in medford fb page 
march 1, 2024 (saturday) the relegated, trusty sidekick, kermit’s finge, charmed & strange at the midway for a 3pm matinee 
march 1, 2024 (saturday) zip-tie handcuffs, dwelley, clifford,  little miss echo - o'briens
march 1, 2024 (saturday) the jacklights, campsite (ny), the burning paris at deepp cuts medford. 
march 6, 2024 (thursday) the avengers, lupo citta middle east up 7pm. fb page 
march 6, 2024 (thursday) rum bar records rumble at the root!! brad marino "on the brink" album release party, brad marino band, gene champagne band, tom baker's double down at the square root
march 8, 2024 (saturday) pledge pins, whyte lipstick, andy california, stress balls at the midway 
march 8, 2024 (saturday) abbey reunion show with yes nanny, eric salt & the electric city, the grownup noise at sally o'brien's
march 9, 2024 (sunday) tree, drained, outlourdes, far too late - 3-7pm matinee at alchemy prov ri 
march 9, 2024 (sunday) the surfrajettes are at taffetta music hall in lowell, ma tix 
march 10, 2024 (monday) the surfrajettes and the black widows are at alchemy, providence ri
march 12, 2024 (wednesday) bestial mouths, gossip collar, dj vamp daddy at o'brien's
march 13, 2024 (thursday) american ocelot, the haymakers, lonely leesa and the lost cowboys, dj sherman spinning - middle east up 6:30-11:30pm
march 13, 2024 (thursday) oh the humanity at mulligan's biddeford, me. 
march 14, 2024 (friday) permanent blue, the new noise, return address at moon base one salem
march 15, 2024 (saturday) oh the humanity!, one fall, little low, sky tigers - faces brewing, malden
march 16, 2024 (sunday) punk matinee! the callouts, oh the humanity!, structure sounds, follow thru at as220 proovidence - 3pm! 
march 21, 2024 (friday) crush depth, threat level burgandy,  sound advice at  the jungle
march 22, 2024 (saturday) somerville record fair - local and regional record dealers from around the north east are bringing out thousands of vinyl records and cds for your digging pleasure. 61 tables of vinyl records and cds.at the holiday inn washington st somerville $5 admission - 9am-5pm - fb event page for more info 
march 22, 2024 (saturday) actor/observer, old soul,  girih at deep cuts, medford, 7pm
march 22, 2024 (saturday) the agents, brunt of it, nick & the adversaries at faces, malden - all ages 8pm - fb page. 
march 23, 2024 (sunday) the mess around at its new home - the square root 4-6pm 
march 29, 2024 (saturday) the marvels reunion!!!! with the downhauls, bad terms at deep cuts medford tix 
march 29, 2024 (saturday) guilloteenagers, hambone skinny, screwcart at the square root 
april 5, 2025 (saturday) weigh boat, roser, american ocelot, jennifer tefft and the strange at the midway 
april 11 - 13, 2025 (friday-sunday) dark spring festival  at the middle east up - check out the event page here. 
april 17, 2025 (thursday) dead boys with richard lloyd (of television) at deep cuts, medford, ma, 7pm
april 19, 2025 (saturday) gang of 
  four at the crystal ballroom, somerville. tickets.
april 24, 2025 (thursday) christian death at deep cuts medford 7-11pm
may 4, 2025 (friday) one fall, dna's evolution, type 66, the mighty suicide squirrels
at the middle east up 
may 11, 2025 (sunday) the queers at the middle east up
may 16, 2025 (saturday)
the fus, 
arctic horror, 
deprogrammer cult,
the angry la's (formerly give up!)
at koto underground, salem:
june 27, 2024 (sunday) the gruesomes, muck & the mires,  the chelsea curve at the middle east up eventpage

contact us at....misslynbgn@yahoo.com
send us your gig listings, your anything else 
    you've got!! you want your cd reviewed?? contact us for that too.

















he roves and then rants.... kenne highland at large
past postings of this news page are in the bgn archives
visit us on acebook. 
local hardcore and loud music mag thrash 'n bang
full concert report.....late risers club concert report.




 





 




 




 




 


 
 









 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 




 





 




 




 




 




 
 



 




 
 



 










 























 




 





               we interviewed david bash on the week where his international pop overthrow is 
			coming to town. it's some backgroud on the history of the event and of course talk about pop.......... 
            
david bash interview 




 
               we bring you into the rat room at the hotel commonwealth. 
            jimmy harlold invited a group of scene veterans. it was a rat reuion 
            with lots of stories exchanged. get to see the room and the people......... 
            
the rat room 




  
                     johnny angel writes a mystery novel looking for lady dee steeped in boston punk and thrills history. 
				  it's no apologys given for the punk lifestyle. .... 
                  johnny angel talking about his book





   just ahead of the big punk show at the middle east we have an interview with the outspoken
paul cripple of reagan youth......
		
paul cripple of reagan youth interview




 
                     it appeared before us like a chimera and it's 
                  still growing...it's the pipeline 25th anniversary celebration. 
                  we interview mastermind bob dubrow about his background and 
                  search for what motivates him as well as pipeline history and 
                  the show.... 
                  the bob dubrow interview






   a look at a notable summer wednesday. we start at the lrc summer party and bar hop to the sonny vincent show at radio......
		
lrc summer party/sonny vincent




 
               the boston punk community comes out for a good cause. 
            neighborhoods, upper crust, dents, dogmatics, roy sludge trio, ed 
            moose savage, downbeat 5 and classic ruins raise some money and 
            rock the house at...... 
            
the viva la eva benefit





   he's legendary and his surprise birthday party was legendary in turn. only in your boston rock and roll dreams could you come up with a night like this.......
		
willie loco's 70th birthday party





   in a case of reverse outsourcing carl biancucci of the classic ruins also plays bass in the english group shotglass killers.
he tells us about a gig at the 100 club with a reformed damned....
		carl biancucci in london






   ralph fatello gets into reporter mode and gives us a look into the cars reunion gig with some great back stage photos too at. ......
		
the cars reunion gig at the house of blues





   the scene gets together for charlie chesterman and we get to see scruffy the cat reunite......
		
the charlie chesterman benefit






   the domatics and the neats band 19 and last stand reunite...for a benefits for cancer research....
......
		
dogmatics reunion show at the paradise






    the konks' hypnotic bashing was a smart mindlessness that you got addicted to. they are calling it quits and we'll miss 'em and there's no free clinic out there to help us either...........
		
the konks final show





   we were so thrilled with the la peste dvd we had to talk with jan crocker and while we were at it, get his story too......
		
jan crocker/la peste dvd interview






thank god for 110 instamatics or we wouldn't have a lot of our early boston punk photos. kathy flynn used hers to get some pics of the rat and the club and she sent them to us to share with you.......... 
		kathy flynn's photos




one of the interesting things in the early days of boston punk was seeing the attention grow around us. one watershed moment was when we heard that a time magazine reporter was going to visit the rat. we didn't like the resulting article. but you can decide. take a look at  the ....
...
		time magazine article on punk 1977




let's get real. we are all getting older and will die. do you ever consider  how you will be remembered? i'm talking about your tombstone. it's morbid, it's in poor taste, it's  .....
		future tombstones




crotch biting...head bleeding...dick jiggling...it's all in miss lyn's report (with photos to prove it) from the gg allin 10 year memorial tour at the middle east....
		"r.i.p. gg!!"




  
              everybody wants to know where everybody else is. to help keep track of the wild, the beautiful and the damned we have set up ....
then and now 


punk started 25 years ago. did any of us think we would ever make it this far? probably not, that was punk; nihilistic, "no future!".  here is a place to remember, and give a moment of thought to, those who didn't  make it
this far...
in memoriam


the minute she hit the scene she was every male punk's heart throb. she was beautiful. she had a winning personality. she had a ...well...a...glow. that could be my heart talking because i, blowfish, confess: i too am judy's love slave. we didn't just love judy, we worshiped her. so, now all of us members of judyism have somewhere to meet and offer our prayers of unrequited love.
the judy map shrine


1977-the damned were ready to piss on blowfish and started to undress miss lyn! and people seemed to like it!! this interview is outrageous...for then and now! 
the damned interview









about us |  interviews |   photos | features |bgn issue list  | reviews links | contact us 




copyright © 2022 paul lovell. all rights reserved.




 