gatsby + netlify cms starteraboutproductsblogcontactform examplesgreat coffee with a consciencesupport sustainable farming while enjoying a cupwhy kaldikaldi is the coffee store for everyone who believes that great coffee shouldn't just taste good, it should do good too. we source all of our beans directly from small scale sustainable farmers and make sure part of the profits are reinvested in their communities.
great coffee with a consciencekaldi is the ultimate spot for coffee lovers who want to learn about their java’s origin and support the farmers that grew it. we take coffee production, roasting and brewing seriously and we’re glad to pass that knowledge to anyone.we sell green and roasted coffee beans that are sourced directly from independent farmers and farm cooperatives. we’re proud to offer a variety of coffee beans grown with great care for the environment and local communities. check our post or contact us directly for current availability.
we offer a small, but carefully curated selection of brewing gear and tools for every taste and experience level. no matter if you roast your own beans or just bought your first french press, you’ll find a gadget to fall in love with in our shop.
love a great cup of coffee, but never knew how to make one? bought a fancy new chemex but have no clue how to use it? don't worry, we’re here to help. you can schedule a custom 1-on-1 consultation with our baristas to learn anything you want to know about coffee roasting and brewing. email us or call the store for details.
we believe that good coffee has the power to bring people together. that’s why we decided to turn a corner of our shop into a cozy meeting space where you can hang out with fellow coffee lovers and learn about coffee making techniques. all of the artwork on display there is for sale. the full price you pay goes to the artist.
see all productslatest storiesa beginners’ guide to brewing with chemex • january 04, 2017chemex this week we’ll take a look at all the steps required to make astonishing coffee with a chemex at home. the chemex coffeemaker is a manual, pour-over style glass-container coffeemaker that peter schlumbohm invented in 1941, and which continues to be manufactured by the chemex corporation in chicopee, massachusetts. in 1958, designers at the illinois institute of technology said that the…keep reading →just in: small batch of jamaican blue mountain in store next week • january 04, 2017we expect the shipment of a limited quantity of green beans next monday. we’ll be offering the roasted beans from tuesday, but quantities are limited, so be quick. blue mountain peak is the highest mountain in jamaica and one of the highest peaks in the caribbean at 7,402 ft. it is the home of blue mountain coffee and their famous tours. it is located on the border of the portland and saint thomas…keep reading →new making sense of the scaa’s new flavor wheel • december 17, 2016flavor wheel the scaa updated the wheel to reflect the finer nuances needed to describe flavors more precisely. the new descriptions are more detailed and hence allow cuppers to distinguish between more flavors. while this is going to be a big change for professional coffee tasters, it means a lot to you as a consumer as well. we’ll explain how the wheel came to be, how pros use it and what the…keep reading →read morehomeaboutproductsform examplesadminlatest storiescontact