



offcial site of the poindexter descendants association























poindexterdescendants associationgo to the home page









joingo to the membership information page


reunion go to the reunion page


jersey tour 2025go to the jersey and normandy tour 2025 page



about

social events and activitiesgo to the social activities page
genealogy and dna researchgo to the genealogy and dna page
merchandisego to the merchandise page
governancego to the governance page

contact the pdago to the contact us information at the bottom of the page



logingo to the member's login page



homego to the home page




 

 
 







registration deadline for the family reunion was june 1. 
			contact john if you still need to register to confirm avaiability of events.
				visit the reunion web site for more information






  














poindexter 
descendants association
poingdestre, pendexter, puddister and spelling variations

welcome to our family association. members of the pda enjoy social opportunities to network with other descendants, educational outreach, and genealogical & genetic research support. the pda is an organization of descendants of the family poingdestre who originated in normandy and the isle of jersey, channel islands as early as the 12th century. if you believe you descend from the poingdestre family, or are interested in poindexter family history, you are invited to participate in the pda.
  			



















 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 










 
 

 









 











 
connect with the pda

email: info@poindexterfamily.orgopen a new email

have questions about the pda? 
send us an email. it's the best way to contact us.





 
did you know?








										...that you can register for our email announcements? 
										







											immigrant george poindexter arrived in the virginia colony in the 1650's.
										







											with over 200 members, there's a lot of networking amongst members!
										







											today there are descendants in jersey, england, canada, usa, australia, and new zealand.
										







												1180 ad is the earliest known record of recardus poindestre of bayeux district (normandy)
											








											family motto"nemo me impune lacessit"no one provokes me with impunity
										







											pda membership benefits include quarterly newsletter, access to member's web site, more...
										







											add pda to your iphone home screen using safari. tap the share button, tap add to home screen.
										







											add pda to your android home screen using chrome. tap the three-dot icon. select add to home screen.
										






previous



next








 
join the pda: membership informationmembership information
register for our email announcementssign up for our emailed announcements
participate on our facebook pagefollow us on facebook
donatedonate to the pda, a 501 c 3 organization to the pda via paypal giving fund


 
 





 







â© poindexter descendants association board of directors. all rights reserved.
copyright and terms of usego to the copy right page | privacy notice










