















computer science department: ms and phd cs programs | rsecs du






skip to content


















explore

apply


request info


virtual visit


give







resources for






du websites






search







search input



submit search



 close search
 

back
    






back
    


current students
faculty/staff
alumni
industry
families



 close search





back
    


university of denver
ritchie school
computer science












department of
computer science









undergraduate


graduate


research


faculty/people









toggle menu



























      computer science department
      









the computer science department
 



at the ritchie school of engineering and computer science, you will discover both the core principles of computer science and its dynamic interaction with the world. we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive learning environment where students passionate about technology and artistic expression can thrive. our curriculum is designed to meet the current demands of the industry and prepare students for future jobs that do not even exist yet.
our undergraduate programs in applied computing, computer science, and game development, along with our ms and phd programs, offer robust pathways for academic and professional growth. additionally, our professional master's degree programs in cybersecurity and data science provide specialized training for emerging fields


i am an undergraduatei am a graduate















6th best computer science programs in colorado


28:1 computer science student to faculty ratio


$97k natl avg salary of computer and it professionals

















collaborate across disciplines
computer scientists at ritchie collaborate across disciplines, working with engineers, scientists, artists, and community partners to drive innovation and ethical practices in areas such as artificial intelligence, privacy and security, data management, and robotics. join us at ritchie, where the journey to new discoveries begins, and be part of a vibrant community dedicated to research that is changing our world


         learn more
        





















prepared for industry
our computer science graduates excel in competitive industries, securing positions at leading companies such as amazon, jpmorgan chase, and facebook. they also thrive at innovative firms like altivia solutions, nextworld, sierra nevada corporation, and workiva, demonstrating the strength and versatility of their education at ritchie. 












a diverse student body
ritchie's vibrant diversity is a tremendous asset, offering all who enter the opportunity to broaden their perspectives. as you stroll our campus, you're immersed in a symphony of languages and accents, with each student contributing their distinct cultural heritage and life experiences to enrich our academic community.
 












      come for a visit
      
we invite you to experience the ritchie school firsthand through our lab and classroom tours. you can schedule a tour today or join us at our friday@du events to explore our state-of-the-art facilities to meet our faculty, and engage with current students. 


         visitor info
        







contact the computer science dept







      chris j. gauthierdickey
      

associate professor, computer science; chair, computer science



chris.gauthierdickey@du.edu


303-871-3318


303-871-3318



view profile








      meredith corley
      

department coordinator, computer science



mcorley@cs.du.edu


303-871-2458


303-871-2458



view profile













stay in the loop

powered by curator.io
















give







apply







visit us










start your application




undergraduate applicants


the common app is a universal application that can be sent to many schools, including the university of denver.




 


common app
first-year students transfer students


 



 



graduate applicants


go to the graduate admission application to submit your information. for information on admission requirements, visit the graduate academic programs page and locate your program of interest.




 


apply now
graduate application


explore programs
graduate academic programs


 




×




take the first step




undergraduates
contact undergraduate admission
request info


graduates
request graduate program information
request info




×









 









daniel felix ritchie school of engineering & computer science
university of denver
2155 e. wesley ave.
denver, co 80210






follow the ritchie school
































maps
jobs
privacy policy
cookies
consent preferences


copyright ©2025 | all rights reserved | equal opportunity affirmative action institution



















