



	wedding registry, baby registry & gift lists | myregistry.com



















































find a registry or gift list



sign up
log in









find a registry


wedding

what is a universal wedding registry?
create a wedding registry
wedding guides
wedding gift idea boards
popular wedding gifts
wedding checklist
free save the date ecards



baby

what is a universal baby registry?
create a baby registry
baby guides
baby gift idea boards
popular baby gifts



gift list

create a birthday gift list
create a graduation gift list
create a housewarming gift list
create a gift list for any occasion
create an organization/nonprofit gift list
what is a universal gift list?



why myregistry?

see how it works
10 reasons why you’ll love us



myregistry for business

about our gift registry software
partner blog
for shopify
partner login







united states - english


 united states - english


 estados unidos - español


 canada - english


 canada - français


 united kingdom - english


 australia - english


 south africa - english














































create a wedding registry

















create a baby registry

















create a gift list

















create a nonprofit gift list







for all of life’s occasions
select a gift list








all stores, one registry®
add the gifts you want from any store in the world













create a gift list



get the gifts you want for birthdays, holidays, and life’s special events. 
create a gift list











create a wedding registry



add gifts from your favorite stores and sync existing registries onto a universal registry. 
create a wedding registry











create a baby registry



add must-have baby items from all your favorite stores. sync existing registries onto one universal list.
create a baby registry











create a nonprofit gift list



8 of 10 nonprofits agree that gift lists help cultivate relationships with donors. 
create a nonprofit gift list








looking for someone? 
                        find their gift list









dummyusername

dummypassword





log in
all fields required unless otherwise noted.
your email or password is incorrect



email address

email is required. please enter a valid email.


password


password is required. please enter a valid password.
forgot password?




keep me logged in



log in



or

sign in with apple
sign in with google
sign in with facebook




                            don’t have an account? sign up
















                        sync your store registries
                    




                            create one beautiful gift list with a simple click
                        

having multiple registries can be a hassle to manage for you and your friends and family. stay organized with one sharable and shoppable list while enjoying all the perks from your existing store registries.



learn more about sync























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































                            add items from all your favorite stores                      
                        

                            just click on the extension to add any item from any store in the world to your gift list. it’s that easy!
                        
get the extension now

                            see what members are adding:
                        

wedding
baby
gift list






        213,491,470



                                total gifts added
                            










                            manage your registry and gift lists on the go with your smartphone


                            add gifts, customize visitor view, track thank you notes, and more.
                        


                                        available on the app store.
                                   
                                        android app on google play.
                                   










                            register for cash gift funds and charitable donations


                            cash funds are an easy and tasteful way to help you cover larger expenses.                       
                        

learn more about cash gift funds










                        check out our inspiration boards!
                    





wedding inspiration boards



































































































































































































































































































































































































wedding inspiration boards

get inspired






baby inspiration boards










































































































































































baby inspiration boards

get inspired






gift list inspiration boards















































































































































gift list inspiration boards

get inspired











                        trending topics
                    




feel confident in your twin baby registry with natalie diaz



must-have items for your twin baby registry



what to wear for your fall rehearsal dinner: 6 outfit options for the groom



celebrating 100 years of wedding registries with myregistry








testimonials
see what members have to say about myregistry.



"absolutely wonderful! i love being able to add gifts from any website to my wedding registry. the addition of a cash gift fund is also wonderful!"
jacqueline


"i love being able to pull all my items into one place for my baby registry, and i've found the interface clean and easy to use."
kim


"i have a wedding registry, housewarming wish list, and personal gift lists on myregistry. i’d 100% recommend myregistry to friends—in fact i have, and they love it too!"
lindsey


"all my registries are now connected! guests can go to one place, shop, and voilà—my item is purchased and marked off. i get notifications when gifts are bought, and every day is like christmas!"
joanna


"easy and quick to navigate! love that you can add items from multiple sites or link other registries. the cash gift fund is awesome too. would use again!"
seema


"a friend suggested i use myregistry for my housewarming, and i loved it so much i made my whole family use it for christmas. it’s so easy and convenient!"
jess


"amazing site to put everything at my guests’ fingertips! it’s been so easy to set up and sync all my registries into one. this hassle-free platform has set this bride-to-be’s mind at ease!"
heidi


"i love how easy it is to maneuver through the site. very clear layout, with occasional suggestions of things to add, and i can add things from other sites without complications."
mia


"easiest thing i've ever done! i was so stressed about making a housewarming gift list, and using myregistry made it so easy and stress-free!"
lauren








frequently asked questions
want to know more about creating a universal gift registry? start here.



what is a universal gift registry?
universal means you can add gifts from any store in the world—online or brick-and-mortar (really!). gifts can be products, experiences, even a cash gift fund for big-ticket items. we believe gifting should be unlimited!


how do i create a gift registry?
it’s easy! just click on create registry above and follow the steps from there. once you’ve created your registry, you can manage it from either the myregistry website or our app.


do i have to pay for a gift registry?
you do not! there’s no charge to have a registry on myregistry.com. there is, however, a small transaction fee associated with a cash gift fund.


how many gift registries may i have?
as many as you like! you might start with a milestone event, like a wedding or new baby, then create a gift list for the next special occasion in your life—a big birthday, the holidays, even a housewarming.


may i have a universal registry and store registries too?
absolutely! create registries at your favorite stores, then sync them with your myregistry account to create one shareable, shoppable list. that way you get the perks of store registries plus the convenience of a universal registry.


what occasions may i use a gift registry for?
the choice is all yours. people create wedding and baby registries, as well as personal gift lists for birthdays, the holidays, sweet 16’s and quinceñerias, back-to-school, graduations, even housewarmings.


how do i share my registry?
we have several easy ways to share your gift list with family and friends, including a customized url, social media, ecards, printable announcements, and embedding on your personal website.


can i keep my gift registry private?
you’re in control, so after you create a registry, just go into your settings and choose whether it will be viewable by guests and/or findable on search engines.



see more














company info

about us
wedding guides
baby guides
what is a universal gift list?
contact us
news and press releases
terms and conditions
privacy statement
careers



for members

customer experience / faqs
our mobile apps
find a registry
members directory
stores we like
our browser extension
gift exchange



nonprofits/ organizations

create a gift list
maximize nonprofit giving
cash gift service
prescreened retailers
faqs



for partners

gift registry software
for shopify
partner login
partner blog
affiliate program
advertise with us



international

australia baby
australia wedding
canada baby
canada wedding
india wedding
new zealand baby
new zealand wedding
south africa baby
south africa wedding
uk baby
uk wedding







download the myregistry.com app



myregistry app on apple store



myregistry app on google play store




connect with us



myregistry on instagram



myregistry on facebook



myregistry on linkedin



myregistry on pinterest






            © 2025 all rights reserved - myregistry llc — site map






















