

















college of social & behavioral sciences










































































      skip to main content
    
















search

search









        resources
    

campus map
a-z
uaccess
directory / phonebook
future wildcat
weather
news
calendar





 
 


 search 
 search 


 menu 
 menu 
























i am

select your audience

choose an option
a prospective undergraduate student
a prospective graduate student
a current undergraduate student
a transfer student
a community member
a donor



                go
                 to the page for that group









request info
apply
donate






 
 







 home 
 home 


 close 
 close 






search

search








main navigation


about

about the college
strategic plan
academic units
centers & institutes
dean's office directory
advisory board
news
creating a culture of belonging



prospective students

why study with sbs?
undergraduate majors
undergraduate online programs
graduate programs
accelerated master's programs
certificate programs
transfer students



current students

main campus advising
sbs online advising
declare your major
declare your minor
sbs college-level requirements
scholarships
student awards & recognition
sbs convocation
become an sbs ambassador
study abroad
careers & internships
student clubs
frequently asked questions



research

research with impact
research themes
research support (sbsri)



community engagement

sbs in the community
community classroom
events
home of noam
snapshots newsletter



alumni & donors

support sbs
alumni
homecoming
join the innovation circle
your gift matters
ways to give
developments newsletter
contact development office



faculty & staff

sbs faculty award nominations
faculty resources
faculty advisory council
staff advisory council
























sbs home page










 




pause video
play video












follow your passions
get the skills you need for the future
watch the full video













a just world, together
in the college of social and behavioral sciences, we study people and their connections with each other and the world.
together, we advance interdisciplinary solutions to societal problems.












skills to last a lifetimein sbs, you gain versatile skills in demand by employers today, skills that will remain essential in the future! according to a 2023 survey by the american association of colleges and universities, approximately 75% of employers consider the following core sbs skills "very important":oral and written communicationcritical thinkingcomplex problem solvingworking with people from different backgroundsadaptability and flexibilityworking effectively in teams












welcome back, sbs students!welcome back for the spring 2025 semester! questions about your schedule? concerns about your classes? your most important resource on campus is your sbs academic advisor. find your advisor


 




















 




 new school of global studiesthe school of global studies examines pressing questions of the 21st century, with a focus on international, global, regional, gender, and ethnic issues. the school includes eight distinct yet interconnected programs: gender & women’s studies, global studies, human rights practice, judaic studies, center for latin american studies, center for middle eastern studies, middle eastern & north african studies, and the southwest center.visit global studies












fuel wonder in sbsfuel wonder is the university of arizona's most ambitious fundraising campaign to date, with a goal of raising $3 billion. learn how you can fuel wonder in the college of sbs by supporting experiential learning opportunities for students, graduate fellowships, and innovative research that advances the grand challenges of our time!fuel wonder


 




















 




 our strategic planthe college of social and behavioral sciences is implementing a strategic plan, with goals that focus on transformation, innovation, and societal impact.our vision: a just world, together.read the strategic plan












student spotlightlucy verduzco recently graduated from the college of social and behavioral sciences with a b.a. in global studies, political science, and french. now lucy is moving to washington d.c. to work on policy with the washington office on latin america.study with sbs












 
upcoming events


 













all day, jan. 21 – march 26, 2025



the american society of evidence-based policing 9th annual conference: early bird registration














7 p.m., feb. 19, 2025



cinema tucsón screening: sujo














1 p.m., feb. 21, 2025



spring 2025 charlas con café | neoliberal subjects: the politics of historical amnesia and its consequences for social hope (zoom)













 
view all events


 
sbs news


 













image
 





u of a expert's discovery to be displayed in cyprus archaeological museum


feb. 12, 2025



    read more
  














image
 





living and working with algorithms: the transformation of gig labor in mexico city


feb. 11, 2025



    read more
  














image
 





history class collaborates with aamsaz to develop exhibits highlighting tucson’s african american heritage


feb. 3, 2025



    read more
  













 
read all news




































 
college of social and behavioral sciencesdouglass 200 west, po box 210028tucson, az 85721contact us   520-621-1112sign up for our newsletter support sbs






footer - main


employment


emergency information


title ix


annual security report


information security & privacy


campus accessibility


diversity & inclusion


contact us
















information for


prospective students


transfer students


current students


graduate students


faculty


donors




topics


about the college


academic units


centers & institutes


graduate programs


accelerated master's programs


undergraduate minors


certificate programs




resources


directory


advising


request it support (ticketdog)


marketing support


funding requests


news




connect


facebook


twitter


instagram


linkedin


youtube





you will be redirected to the secure ua webauth login page.
log in






we respectfully acknowledge the university of arizona is on the land and territories of indigenous peoples. today, arizona is home to 22 federally recognized tribes, with tucson being home to the o’odham and the yaqui. committed to diversity and inclusion, the university strives to build sustainable relationships with sovereign native nations and indigenous communities through education offerings, partnerships, and community service.
university information security and privacy
© 2025 the arizona board of regents on behalf of the university of arizona.

































