






cape cross lodge | cape cross lodge and camping, skeleton coast namibia. luxury lodge accommodation with magnificent views of the atlantic ocean from every room


































home
cancellation policy
terms & conditions




select page


  
 
 





















home
accommodation
restaurant
camping
art gallery
activities
contact us
terms & conditions
cancellation policy


















the lodge is situated 60km north of henties bay and 120km north of swakopmund.
the curious mix of cape dutch and west coast fishing village architecture, nestles colossal windows which embrace the natural light and reveal endless vistas.
around this idyllic oasis lies infinite ocean and desert, littered with the eerie remains of man’s past endeavors. nearby, rocky outcrops provide a perfect playground for a large colony of cape fur seals. visitors can self-drive or even walk to the colony ensuring they first visit the ministry office to complete entry requirements.
whether you are an overnight or day visitor, cape cross lodge welcomes you and invites you to explore the beauty of its natural surroungings.

get in touch










old world charm
lodge and camping

cape cross lodge is the ideal stop over on your journey from swakopmund to terrace bay, opuwo, palmwag and the kunene region.
spend a day or more with us and enjoy the peace, tranquility, spectacular sea views and old world charm our lodge has to offer.




























gallery






































see the  rooms







spoil yourself
nearby activities

for more information please get in touch with our front desk to assist with suggestions and or bookings. shipwreck tours, fishing (surf angling) excursion, cape fur seal colony, lichen fields, inhouse museum, art gallery and more.

activities must be booked prior to arrival.

activities















cape cross
about





in 1486, the early portuguese explorer, diogo cao, erected a padrao or cross on a small rocky outcrop along the desolate and unforgiving shores that hug the skeleton coast. battered by sudden squalls and fierce windstorms, blasted by the shifting desert sands and baked under a relentless sun, the cross remained undisturbed by europeans for four centuries.
cape cross has witnessed many a shipwreck and maritime disaster and is home to a replica padrao or cross that stands on a terraced platform within the seal reserve.














address
cape cross lodge122km north of swakopmund on the c3460 km north of henties bay on the c34






call us
+264 64 694012+264 64 694017






email us
frontoffice@capecross.org





get in touch






name


phone


email address


message




submit







 











facebook




x




instagram


another website by swakop dot com   |   hosted and maintained by swakop dot com 























