





dr. neubert's website: welcome! entropy reduction laboratory 





 









www.neubert.net - dr. neubert's website




the entropy reduction laboratory 


 






welcome !








preface



          this site is intended to provide a new look onto traditional
          natural science problems which have found well accepted
          solutions in the past.
          also, the aim of this site is to offer animated views
          (e.g. 3d models) on appealing topics.
        





contentsof the site



double-shell pse
          - a  double-shell structured periodic system of the chemical elements (pse), 
                a system  of  high symmetry - based on a very simple  aufbau (build-up) principle.
            
introduction to the double-shell pse

     
                  the original paper on the double-shell pse ( 8 pages as pdf files)
           extended  description of the double-shell pse
          double-shell pse: 
                 table of elements (html), basic columns highlighted  
                 
double-shell pse: 
                 table of elements (java applet) which includes 
             
 for each elementa a table of its physical properties
               a graphical representation of a selected property for
                   all the elements.
             
double-shell pse: metals - non-metals
                 table highlighting families of elements (html)
             
           
                 the pse table in word.6 format click to download
          occupied states: 
                 table of elements' electronic structure,
                 the aufbau principle (html)
          tetrahedral sphere and the pse: (java applet)
                 on the fourfold degeneracy of electronic states  
             
electron's 3d space and spin
*
(java applet)
                a pair of electron pairs with orthogonal spin axis


platonic spheres
                         - platonic bodies mapped onto a sphere
            
platonic spheres
                         - 3d view, rotable by mouse (java applet)
descartes' law of closure deficit
                         - 3d view, rotable by mouse (java applet)

geodesic spheres, fullerenes
                  and virus:
                  buckminster fuller and generalization of platonic bodies 
                  (a mini anthology) 
                  
                      octahedron's tessellation: from medusae and radians to domes
                      and gps basic facts and possible applications.
                      ( a mini treatise) 
                

molecular structures
                         - the most important ones:
                            platonic molecules

molecular structures
*                 
                         - 3d view, rotable by mouse (java applet)

crystal structures
                         - the most important ones
            
crystal structures
*
                         - 3d view, rotable by mouse (java applet)

flashsort algorithm
                        -  the fastest sorting algorithm  
            
introduction to flashsort: 
              o(n) in-situ sorting by permutation, items are moved once only
            






which  browser?



           the pages marked  * use an applet based on
           the tool " chemsymphony lite"
           which works very nicely under the browser netcscape vers.4.5. 
           the  vers. 4.7 of netscape  is not  able  to  interprete these 
           applets, neither is any  version of msie.  
           the newer versions of  netscape,  netscape vers. 6.
           and vers. 7. are again able to interprete chemsymphony lite 
           applets.  -
           notice, that in these versions 6. and 7. the  java-applet
           interpretation is not part of 
           the minimal configuration of the  communicator, but  has to be
           specified to be loaded as an option.
        

 
 get the new . it is free







yourcomments


        i would appreciate to receive your comments on this site.  
        please, send an e-mail to
  








    you are visitor number:
     
    (since feb 1998)
    



   all rights reserved 



    last update of the page: march 10, 2003    

  

