





used machine tool sales | auctions & liquidations | great american equipment company


































































 513-771-2111
 sales@gaec.com















join our mailing list









buyour used machinery
sellyour machinery
auctions& liquidations
appraisalsfor machinery
accessoriesparts & service
aboutgaec
contactus


 menu










×


don't miss out!


                            for notifications of
new arrivals, special sales, and auctions in your area, join our great american equipment company mailing list
                        
your information is confidential and won’t be shared.

fields marked with * are required.



 








































cancel






                        this site is protected by recaptcha and the google
                        privacy policy and
                        terms of service apply.
                    









buy our used machinery
sell your machinery
auctions & liquidations
appraisals for machinery
accessories, parts & service
buy parts & accessories
about gaec
contact us

















used machine tool sales auctions & liquidations












browse by category


browse by manufacturer













stocking only the best machinery since 1984
featured machines










okuma v100r cnc vertical turning center
stock # q11844










makino u86 cnc wire edm
stock # q11602










hurco vmx84i 4-axis cnc vertical machining center
stock # q11560-4










makino v33i-5xb 5-axis cnc vertical milling machine
stock # q11599










makino ednc85s sinker edm
stock # q11603










okk vb53a cnc vertical machining center
stock # q11600










hurco vmx50i 4-axis cnc vertical machining center
stock # q11563-4










hexagon global advantage 7.10.7 coordinate measuring machine
stock # q11604










johnford sl-500a cnc slant bed lathe
stock # q11912










fanuc robodrill a-d21mib5 cnc vertical machining center
stock # q11657











why buy from great american equipment company ?
simply put, we will save you time, money and aggravation with our 40 years in the business.
only about 20% of the machines presented to us pass our high standards for inventory purchase. then we bring them to our warehouse and clean them, paint detail, debug them, and search for problems to fix. because you can send a machine back if you don’t like it, we try to make sure that doesn’t happen by making it right before it leaves our shop for yours. we are not saying there absolutely won’t be any start up bugs, but we are saying there weren’t any known to us when it left our facility. and certainly, there will be way less problems than if you bought blind from an auction or from ebay. we can even arrange for an independent expert to inspect the machine for you. then the machine will be properly prepped for shipment . all loading from our warehouse is free and the associate doing the loading has 25 years of experience loading and working on machine tools.







buy used machinery







sell your machinery







auctions & liquidations







machinery appraisals







accessories parts & service







join our mailing list













×











buy with confidence
30 day money back return guarantee: if any machine sold buy us does not prove satisfactory mechanically, the purchaser may return said machine, freight prepaid within 30 days from the date of original purchase shipment and we will refund the purchase price in full. the machine must be returned in as good of condition as when it left our warehouse.
                    
                    machines sold ‘as is’ do not have a return privilege. machines brokered by us from third parties do not have a return privilege, unless provided for by the third party. if the third party is an mdna dealer selling from his inventory then it is likely there is a return privilege, but you need to ask and be sure.

additional option: to save time and travel expenses there are various independent techs and rebuilders in our area who could perform an independent inspection for you, for approximately $ 500.
                

for bigger machines: for bigger machines that must come apart and be reassembled we can refer you to a good independent tech who could assist in the disassembly and then travel to your facility for reassembly.
                








navigation


home
buy our used machinery
sell your machinery
auctions & liquidations
appraisals
accessories, parts & service
buy parts & accessories
about gaec
contact us





machinery updates

sign up now


follow us











contact us









                        11925 enterprise dr.
                        cincinnati, oh 45241-1513                    

513-771-2111

sales@gaec.com



proud member











popular manufacturers


















© 2025 — great american equipment company. all rights reserved. — privacy policy. — archive























