










moore & van allen


























main content
main menu




menu


aboutlearn about our past and presentaboutlearn about our past and presentour firmfast factsrecognitionspeoplefind our professionals in the directorypeoplefind our professionals in the directorysearchlegal directorynon-legal directorycapabilitiesexplore our collaborative areas of focusdiversitysee our commitment to inclusiondiversitysee our commitment to inclusionoverviewnewscommittee
search

newsnewsallnewsinsightsalertsblogs & resourcessubscribecareerscareersworking at mvalateral attorneyslaw studentsother professionalsrecruiting contactscommitmentcommitmentoverviewcommunity engagementnewshuman rightsmva valuescontactcontactofficesmediarecruitingaccounting











stability
representing with confidence.

remaining steadfast as markets shift and the business landscape turns.


opportunity
representing with purpose.

giving our clients room to grow and freedom to thrive.


investment
representing globally.

bringing creative vision to life across the country and around the globe.


community
representing with commitment.

weaving together a culture of engagement, inclusion, and opportunity.


vision
representing with clarity.

guiding clients to see clearly and rise to challenges.


leadership
representing collaboratively.

inspiring ideas, empowering innovation, and finding solutions.


complexity
representing strategically.

finding solutions in unexpected places.


legacy
representing since 1950.

celebrating 75 years of service to our clients and community.






search people










jump to page











								5,500+
							


mva attorneys donated over 5,500 hours of legal services to 187 pro bono clients in 2024





								6,000+
							


mva employees (attorneys and non-legal professionals) donated over 6,000 hours of volunteer service to community efforts in 2024




our diversity & inclusion report: 2023 a year in review, reflects our impact and efforts to date. charlotte artist katrina sánchez created “raíces valoradas, ramas empoderadas (valued roots, empowered branches),” combining knit and woven textile structures to create the communal tapestry of moore & van allen.






ranked 136 on the 2024 am law 200. consecutively ranked on the am law 200 for the past 25 years



moore & van allen ranked top score in human rights campaign foundation’s 2025 corporate equality index



chambers & partners has ranked 11 firm practice groups and 36 firm attorneys in the 2024 edition of its legal directory



156 attorneys were selected by their peers for inclusion in the best lawyers in america® 2025






spotlight
named as a finalist for the 2024 chambers usa awards in the dei: outstanding firm category





insightsmoore & van allen welcomes mark tibberts to financial services practice
insights15 moore & van allen attorneys recognized in business north carolina’s 2025 legal elite




newsmva ranked in the lseg / lpc 2024 law firm league tables for syndicated loans
newslawdragon honors mary katherine stukes as leading environmental lawyer




blogsdevelopments in national bank act (nba) preemption:  illinois’ interchange fee prohibition act is held preempted by the nba; ninth circuit to reconsider nba preemption of california’s interest on escrow law
















contact
site map
© 2025 moore & van allen
disclaimer
privacy notice
site by firmseek


past results for clients noted on this site do not necessarily predict similar results for other clients. [see full disclaimers here.]


by using this site, you agree to our updated privacy policy and our terms of use.






