



home › northeast georgia bank
























home
skip to main content
skip to footer



      download acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files.
   













close alert










fdic logo








fdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. government







northeast georgia bank























toggle menu
        






          close menu





close menu


business banking


checking

savings

lending

electronic banking

credit cards

other services



personal banking


checking

savings

lending

electronic banking

credit cards

other services



mortgage services

about us


our history

locations

contact us








search


close



loginclose







close login

welcome back!log in to your account.


username






sign in



forgot password







close search

what can we help you find?


search


start site search






northeast georgia bank

this slideshow visually displays up to three slides one at a time. the carousel is set to autoplay a different slide every eight seconds. inactive slides are hidden for all users. use play/pause button, slide pagination, left/right arrow keys, or swiping to navigate through all slides. all links contained in the carousel are available in website navigation or elsewhere on the page.
move past the hero section
















grow your business.
our lenders understand what you need and are here to help your business!

 business lending




















need some extra help?
come see a lending professional to get a loan designed specifically for you!

 personal lending




















mortgage services.
offering a variety of programs including fha, va, and usda loans.mortgage services












play main slider/pause main slider













“people you know. experience you can trust.”




our history













welcome to northeast georgia bank!

northeast georgia bank is a bank for real people; a bank you can trust in and grow with. we believe in hard work, can-do attitudes, and helping our customers establish good, solid financial futures. locally owned, northeast georgia bank has deep roots in our community and are committed to providing our customers with personalized banking relationships based on each customer’s individual needs and financial goals.  guided by a set of core values that sets us apart in the world of banking, the entire northeast georgia bank team strives to add value to our clients’ everyday business.








this slideshow visually displays up to six slides. on mobile devices this slideshow displays slides one at a time. inactive slides are hidden for all users. use slide pagination, left/right arrow keys, or swiping to navigate through all slides. all links contained in the carousel are available in website navigation or elsewhere on the page.
move past the quicklinks section








reorder checks





electronic banking





contact us





other business services





other personal services















this slideshow visually displays up to three slides. on mobile devices this slideshow displays slides one at a time. inactive slides are hidden for all users. use slide pagination, left/right arrow keys, or swiping to navigate through all slides. all links contained in the carousel are available in website navigation or elsewhere on the page.
move past this ad section













find the right account for you.

our checking accounts have many great benefits including:
• online banking and bill pay
• atm access
• automatic transfer and more!

personal checking
















bank online, anytime.

with electronic banking, you can check your balances, transfer funds, and much more.

electronic banking

















save up for something special.
we have personal accounts to meet all your needs.

• $50 minimum to open
• $3 quarterly service fee
• view more features

personal savings








play secondary area slider/pause secondary area slider






































 































branch closing notice






notice – december 31, 2024
 
to our valued customers:
 
we regret to inform you that the dill’s branch of northeast georgia bank located at 12260 augusta road, lavonia, ga will close and cease all operations effective march 31, 2025.
 
customers’ accounts will be transferred to our lavonia branch at 12461 augusta road lavonia, ga where we will continue to service your accounts in the same efficient manner as before. if you have any questions concerning your account contact our main office at 706-356-4444.
 
we value your business and thank you for your understanding during this transition. we will continue to service your accounts in the same manner.








scam alert





never give out your internet banking password to anyone. northeast georgia bank will never ask for your password and there is no legitimate reason for any third party to request your password. exercise vigilance to protect yourself from would be fraudsters.









this slideshow visually displays up to three slides. on mobile devices this slideshow displays slides one at a time. inactive slides are hidden for all users. use slide pagination, left/right arrow keys, or swiping to navigate through all slides. all links contained in the carousel are available in website navigation or elsewhere on the page.
move past this ad section





































































play testimonial slider/pause testimonial slider












back to the top








northeast georgia bank













quick links


reorder checks

privacy disclosure

fdic money smart program



about us


locations

contact us














©  northeast georgia bank
member fdic
 equal housing lender
created by banno









read more on our accessibility statement






