










windfm - 92.5 gainesville 95.5 ocala -

















































































listen live



search




facebook
instagram
email
tunein
iphone

android















































home
on air

listen to wind-fm
hunter & dupree morning show
scott chase
chris decarlo
live at 5
sammy hagar’s top rock countdown
off the record
time warp with bill st. james
the acoustic storm
homepage with krystle


contests
events

concerts
community happenings
submit event
wind-fm rocks the reilly


hurricane
news

local
business
crime
education
tv20 weather
what’s up
entertainment


about
contact us

text club
careers


ncfl deals
 



 
















   



   



   



   



   










 



national news

9 hours ago
                    in national
‘life-threatening cold’ expected as polar vortex stretches across u.s. after deadly weekend flooding



harsh weather moved west on monday as a polar vortex was expected to grip the rockies and the northern plains after winter storms pummeled the eastern u.s. over the weekend, killing at least 10 people, including nine victims in kentucky who died during flooding from heavy rains.


4 days ago
                    in national
vaccine skeptic robert f. kennedy jr. is sworn in as trump’s health chief after a close senate vote



robert f. kennedy jr. was sworn in thursday as president donald trump's health secretary after a close senate vote, putting the prominent vaccine skeptic in control of $1.7 trillion in federal spending, vaccine recommendations and food safety as well as health insurance programs for roughly half the country.


5 days ago
                    in national
us eggs prices hit a record high of $4.95 and are likely to keep climbing



egg prices hit a record high as the u.s. contends with an ongoing bird flu outbreak, but consumers didn't need government figures released wednesday to tell them eggs are terribly expensive and hard to find at times because of an ongoing.

sports

3 hours ago
                    in sports
angels star mike trout moving from center to right field in hopes of staying more healthy



los angeles angels oft-injured star mike trout is moving from center to right field in hopes of better preserving his health.


9 hours ago
                    in sports
william byron avoids late wrecks to win 2nd straight daytona 500 for hendrick motorsports



william byron fortuitously missed the ferocious wrecks down the stretch at the daytona 500 that knocked out contenders racing for the checkered flag and left him with a repeat victory in sight.


9 hours ago
                    in sports
stephen curry captures mvp honors in all-star game at home, leads shaq’s ogs to victory



the final pregame introduction belonged to none other than stephen curry. the big mvp trophy at the end, curry heaved that up into the air, too, in a fitting finish to his all-star game at home.

 

today in rock history with chris decarlo




today in rock history with chris decarlo
february 17  today in 1976 the eagles release their ‘greatest hits 1971 – 1975’ album. it contains a selection of […]

news from 352today

8 hours ago
                    in business, community, local
ribbon cutting celebrates grand opening of the cell-u-light therapy center



dr. angelia roberts reddy expands her practice with a new location offering red light therapy, cellulite treatment, and more.


8 hours ago
                    in community, local
south gateway project on i-75 in marion county nears completion, welcoming visitors to ocala



funded by tourist development tax revenue, the south gateway at the 42nd street flyover is set for substantial completion by march 2025, enhancing marion county’s identity for travelers on i-75.


11 hours ago
                    in local
safety matters initiative urges drivers to stop on red and improve road safety in marion county



the ocala marion tpo partners with local law enforcement and safety organizations to raise awareness about the importance of stopping on red and preventing traffic accidents.


12 hours ago
                    in local
man killed in summerfield crash after tree falls on his car following collision



a 53-year-old driver died after his vehicle struck a tree, which then toppled onto his car following a crash on u.s. highway 301 in marion county.


12 hours ago
                    in local, weather updates
workweek weather: another cold front arrives midweek, bringing cooler temperatures for the weekend



a strong cold front moves through ocala on wednesday, ushering in cooler temperatures and a shift in conditions just in time for the weekend.


13 hours ago
                    in community, local
celebrate presidents’ day at georgefest: the longest-running george washington birthday festival in the u.s.



honor america’s first president at georgefest in eustis, with parades, fireworks, live entertainment, and a week of family-friendly festivities.

lifestyle

4 days ago
                    in lifestyle
nearly everyone in the world breathes bad air. this is what you can do to lower your risk



everyone loves a breath of fresh air. unfortunately, too often our air is anything but fresh.


5 days ago
                    in lifestyle
looking for love this valentine’s day? don’t fall for instagram romance scams



facebook and instagram parent company meta platforms is urging users to stay vigilant about " romance scams " ahead of valentine's day, warning of unsolicited messages through its apps and other social media platforms, as well as general text messages.


6 days ago
                    in lifestyle
4 financial tasks you shouldn’t put off



you've probably got one or two financial jobs on your to-do list that you were too busy to get to or perceived as boring administrative work. here are some tasks that a) frequently fall by the wayside and b) don't take a lot of time to rectify.


6 days ago
                    in lifestyle
this valentine’s day, consider what all types of love bring to your life



valentine's day is for lovers — but you don't need a romantic soulmate to celebrate.

 

now playing
 


entertainment news

3 hours ago
                    in entertainment
nascar hall of famer jeff gordon ready to partner with tom cruise on ‘days of thunder’ sequel



help him, tom cruise! nascar hall of famer jeff gordon wants a "days of thunder" sequel and said at daytona international speedway that he's been in touch with the hollywood actor about making the project come to life.


3 hours ago
                    in entertainment, music
shakira resumes world tour with concert in lima after canceling show due to illness



colombian superstar shakira said monday that she will resume her world tour and perform in lima, peru, on monday evening, following the cancellation of a concert over the weekend due to a stomach illness.


6 hours ago
                    in entertainment, equine, sports
irish riders dominate $300k longines fei jumping world cup ocala at world equestrian center



cian o’connor leads irish sweep with bentley de sury as top four spots go to ireland in thrilling showjumping competition.


9 hours ago
                    in entertainment, trending
‘saturday night live’ celebrates 50 years with comedy, music and show’s many, many famous friends



paul simon and sabrina carpenter duetted on simon's "homeward bound" to open the show, five-decade "saturday night live" luminary steve martin delivered the monologue, and paul mccartney gave an epic closing to a 50th anniversary special celebrating the sketch institution that was overflowing with famous former cast members, superstar hosts and legendary guests.


9 hours ago
                    in entertainment
‘captain america: brave new world’ soars toward a $100 million holiday weekend



"captain america: brave new world" infused some blockbuster cash into the north american box office, bringing in $88.5 million in ticket sales over the weekend, according to studio estimates sunday.


3 days ago
                    in entertainment
a$ap rocky trial brings clashing closing arguments over gun as rihanna brings tiny sons to court



with rihanna and two toddlers looking on from the audience, a prosecutor at the trial of a$ap rocky told jurors during his closing argument thursday that they have "one critical question" to answer.

like us on facebook!


































windfm – 92.5 gainesville 95.5 ocala copyright 2025 saga communications,
                        inc. all rights reserved.
                    
eeo
                            report | wynd-fm fcc public file  - wndd-fm fcc public file for
                        assistance accessing public files, contact pfhelp@ncfmgroup.com | fcc applications

privacy policy | terms of use | contests &
                            rules
non-discriminatory advertising letter |
                        advisory public notice - non-discriminatory ad contracts
                    
some images copyright ap, clipart.com







































