













decks, decks, and more decks - omaha's #1 deck builder


































































































schedule consultation



home
about

about us
choosing a deck company
showroom
careers


products

low-maintenance decks
arbors and pergolas
cedar decks
pool and spa decks
mixed decks
deck drainage systems


deck gallery

low-maintenance photo gallery
before and after gallery
mixed decks photo gallery
cedar decks photo gallery
arbors pergolas photo gallery
pool spa decks photo gallery
accessories photo gallery


blog
contact
 









relax and enjoy, it's low maintneance!







learn more


 




omaha's premier deck & pergola builders














enjoy relaxing outside


enjoy being outside again on a beautiful new deck.  you can feel relaxed while being able to create a space that feels […]
read more





crafting decks to fit your home


let us help you envision your custom omaha deck before you purchase it. state-of-the-art 3d modeling before purchase allows you to adjust […]
read more





outdoor living rooms


a well-built deck is an extension of your living area, an outdoor living room! create a space that features the outdoors and […]
read more








why choose decks decks & more decks?
decks, decks & more decks provided excellent communication from start to finish in the deck-building process. we knew what to expect every step of the way. the crew that built our deck was efficient and professional, and the end result was a solid, beautiful, well-constructed deck that we absolutely love.ami a. – papillionthe deck we designed with the help of mr. walker was installed when promised as promised. the entire procedure was accomplished within our budget and with many helpful suggestions by the decks, decks & more decks personnel. the entire operation was done professionally and with helpful contact to answer any and all questions. it will be enjoyed by the family for many years to come and we have already received many compliments from friends, neighbors and family members. i would recommend decks, decks and more decks to anyone who is in need of information. they are the right people to help in your deck building plan.richard r. – springfieldwe love our new deck! the deck was completed in less than two days and exceeded our expectations. rhonda and robert were really easy to work with!charity s. – papillionwe wanted to spend our money locally and decks, decks & more decks fit the bill. the entire process was well manged, they kept us informed, and did an excellent job on the deck despite some challenging weather conditions. these guys may not be the least expensive option but you definitely get what you pay for. we are very happy with the results.mark h. – papilliondecks, decks, & more decks made the process from start to finish so easy. the 3d computer program they use helped my wife and i decide on the size and materials of the deck. the construction crew built the deck as if they were building their own with precision and care. there may be other companies out there that are less expensive but you get great customer service, a reputable company, and good craftsmanship when you select decks, decks, & more decks.mike n. – bellevuewell organized and went just like they said it would. pleasant to deal with and went the extra mile to ensure the adjacent plants to deck had the least impact. really pleased. highly recommend.mark m. – ralston...i can honestly say that decks, decks, decks was, by far: 1) the most professional in communications, 2) the most prepared regarding the plan of action and work done, 3) offered the best, beginning to end, experience to us (the customer)...i am extremely satisfied with their services. thank you decks, decks, and more decks for showing us what a truly excellent home improvement experience should be like!!!
ian. g – elkhornhad them redo our deck in aug 2018. it was a great experience working with robert walker very pleasant and easy to work with. provided us with specific information on the step by step process from the moment we signed the contract until the deck was complete. the crew that came to our house was professional and easy to work with. i would highly recommend this company. they also give a military discount for veterans. professional from top to bottom.don h. – bellevuei chose the company hoping for a no hassle experience. i wasn't disappointed. communication was great, timing was on schedule, and the deck is exactly as anticipated.yuri v. – omahalove, love, love our new deck!! we went from a small builder deck to a roomy, maintenance-free extended living area. we designed the deck in their showroom to fit our desires, lifestyle and budget. it was great to see 3d computer images of what our new deck would look like before it was built! every detail was documented and double checked. the crew was there when they said they would be there, and they cleaned up every night before they left...we highly recommend decks, decks & more decks. our deck has exceeded our expectations.mary ann b. – omahai was really pleased with the process that they have including mocking up what my pergola would look like and the finished product being exactly as discussed and shown. the on-site staff was professional and pleasant to work with. i would gladly recommend them to others!shannon l. – omahafrom the initial consultation through the construction process, this was the best experience we have ever had with a contractor. the communication, attention to detail, and professionalism was second to none. every day we look out at our new composite deck we love it more and more. we wish we could give six stars, we would.gina o. – omahawe are so happy with our new deck and appreciate all the hard work. they helped us with a design to fit our budget and our needs. great communication and timing was perfect. they tore down our old deck and built new deck in a day and a half, excellent work. this company was very professional and i highly recommend them.kendel g. – omahatheir staff are professional and helpful. our options, the construction time frame, and the various processes involved were clearly explained. we are enjoying our new pergola. chris and his crew did a great job!! we highly recommend them!mary p. – bellevue





home
about
products
reviews
faq
social media
 deck gallery
blog
other
service areas

careers
contact


 


1205 applewood drive
		papillion, ne 68046
		phone: 402-690-1050


© 2025 privacy policy






























