





welcome to boscobel wisconsin  – city government and economic development






































 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to primary sidebar skip to footercity of boscobel, wisconsincity government and economic developmentcity office: 608-375-5001
chamber: 608-375-2672

menumenuhomecity

city governmentcommon councilcouncil agendas & minutescity ward mapmunicipal codepermitsemergency servicestaxesatv / utv ordinancesjob opportunitiescomprehensive planmeeting calendar
chamber

boscobel chamber of commercecontact chamberchamber golf openbusiness directoryboscobuckschamber membershipchamber meetings / agendaschamber contact form
economic dev.

economic developmentboscobel developersindustrial parkshell buildingecon. dev. contactsgrant county labor forceeducation / employee trainingcity maptransportationlargest employersairport
utilitiescommunity

community lifelibraryeducationreligious lifeattractions / museumscommunity center / adrc / meal site
recreation

recreationadult rec programsyouth rec programscity parkspark / shelter policiesoutdoorsbicyclinghuntingkayaking/canoeingsnowmobilingswimming poolswimming lessonsswim teamtrails and hikingtrout fishingwinter activitiesphoto gallery & videos
eventsbusinessescontacts
welcome to the city of boscobel, wisconsin





welcome to the city of boscobel, wisconsin

the mayor, common council, and city administration team welcome you to the city of boscobel, wisconsin along the lower wisconsin river. the public is encouraged to attend any of the city government meetings posted on the calendar. we are proud of the police, fire department, rescue squad, utility service providers, hospital staff and others who actively serve the members of our community.
the members and officers of the boscobel chamber of commerce are fully engaged in their mission to promote the city of boscobel to businesses, residents, and tourists through advertising and community events, as well as the promotion of tourism and outdoor activities. 
a modern industrial park and excellent workforce make the right combination for economic development in boscobel wi. our workers have shown consistent high productivity ratings, low absenteeism, and an excellent work ethic. boscobel manufacturers and businesses also appreciate the advantages of the municipal airport, major highway infrastructure, and local freight train service.
electric, water and wastewater utility services are provided by boscobel utilities, a locally owned and operated utility. boscobel utilities has been providing low-cost and reliable energy services to the community since 1899.
boscobel residents enjoy an active community life. our city library, parks, schools, community center and recreation programs provide a variety of participation opportunities for people of all ages.
we welcome you to the city of boscobel, wisconsin! we hope you enjoy our wonderful community. please contact the city office with any questions or concerns. 608-375-5001
primary sidebarlooking for the most up-to-date information for city happenings?
declaration of non-candidacy
farmers market 2024 schedule
community calendar
tuffley center events calendar
please check out our facebook page

city of boscobel / boscobel rec

winter alternate parking faq
need to safely dispose of the waste from your rv?visit the boscobel wastewater treatment plant for more information.

2023 consumer confidence report
2023 city of boscobel consumer confidence report (pdf)
recycling pickup calendar
2025 garbage and recycling collection calendar (pdf)
please read the acceptable recycle materials and container placement instructions.
city of boscobel tree replacement program
tree replacement program policy pdf



home
city
chamber
economic dev.
utilities
community
recreation
events
businesses
contacts
footercity of boscobel, wisconsin
1006 wisconsin avenue
boscobel, wi 53805  
phone: 608-375-5001
fax: 608-375-4750
email: contact@boscobelwisconsin.com
hours: 7:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. monday - friday
privacy policy


chamber of commerce
po box 122
boscobel, wi 53805
phone: 608-375-2672
email: chamber@boscobelwi.us


© 2025 city of boscobel wisconsinwebwisedesign.com


















