











	san joaquin medical society > home










































join


renew



login














































membership
why join sjms?
member benefits
become a member
renew membership
member directory
my account


advocacy
get involved
micra
current issues


programs
bridge to medicine
decision medicine
scholarship loan fund
sjms alliance
2025 award nominations


news & events
covid-19
news
events
physician magazine


find a physician




search button

























button











united for a common purposethe sjms is the voice for organized medicine in
san joaquin county.join us








our mission
the mission of the san joaquin medical society is to promote the science and art of medicine, the care and well being of patients, the protection of the public health and the betterment of the medical profession.



































































































































cma news





year-end reporting annual requirement due march 14
 by friday, march 14, 2025, all cma-accredited providers must complete their 2024 annual reporting requirements. 
...
           

register now for 2025 cma cme provider conference and accreditation workshop
 cma is pleased to announce that registration is open for the cme accreditation workshop on june 26, 2025, and the annual cme provider conference on j...
           

take the clc/ib 2025 temperature check survey
 the cultural and linguistic competency and implicit bias (clc/ib) temperature check survey for 2024 is now live and open until february 28, 2025. 
...
           
















featured video













































featured







2025 award nominations
nomination applications are currently open through february 7 for the 2025.
view page











practice resources
.
view page











physician finder
search for physicians by name, specialty or city.
view page











sjms magazine
see our current issue.
view magazine.



















what our members say







when was the last time you joined a political action committee, lobbied on the steps of the capital, met with your congressman, called or emailed your senator?  if you’re like most physicians, the answer is never!  we’re too busy serving our civic duty taking care the patients in our community.  this is precisely why you should be a member of the san joaquin medical society and the california medical association!


john zeiter, md
zeiter eye medical group 











when you need it, sjms is there to help. after learning about the serious issues facing our sheriff-coroner's antiquated system, they and cma stepped up to help us advocate for change. the result? san joaquin is now home to an independent medical examiner's office, assuring physician autonomy and more transparency and accountability for families throughout the county.


bennet omalu, md
bennet omalu pathology 











serving on the board of directors has opened my eyes to the important work sjms is doing in the community. not only do i enjoy working with a diverse group of my peers, i am passionate about programs, like decision medicine and bridge to medicine that strive to inspire and assist more local students to become physicians and return to our community to practice.


hyma jasti, md
kaiser permanente 















     not a sjms/cma member? join over 44,000 physicians making a direct impact on health care legislation.  join sjms    


















































about us




history
board of directors
staff
contact
find a physician
 














headquarters




san joaquin medical society
3031 w. march lane
suite 222w
stockton, ca 95219
phone: (209) 952-5299
fax: (209) 952-5298
email us


















©
copyright (c) 2025 san joaquin medical society
terms of use
privacy statement
site by mayaco

















