



microtrain | the best technical and project management training in chicago



















 













                        training & certifications
                    

training and certification programs

developmentagile full stack web and hybrid mobile application developmentmanagementapics - certified supply chain professionalcertified scrum product owner (cspo)certified scrummaster (csm)it managementitil 4 foundationlean six sigma green beltpmp certification trainingproject management professionaltechnologya+cisco associate (ccna) +1cisco ccnacisco ccnpcomptia security+mcpmcsamcsenetwork professionalnetwork+ vm trainingapplicationsmos master certificationmos master certification +office administration/assistant - accounting and bookkeepingoffice managementoffice technologies fundamentals  can't find what your looking for? 




                        services
                    

microtrain services


individual services


wioa seminar 

microtrain programs 

microtrain courses 



career services


about career services 

career services workshop 



corporate services


corporate training 

chicago & suburban room rentals 

recruiting 





student portal





search microtrain's courses












 (630) 981-0200
      



unemployed professional?we've got your backback to work

wioa seminar our services








mission
to help those in transition become trained, certified and gainfully employed while helping companies make great hires.




your success. our passion.
          trained, certified, hired: we believe this simple formula is the key to long-term career success.
        


trained
acquire or refine the skills and knowledge needed for career advancement or re-entry into the workforce.



certified
separate yourself from the pack by demonstrating verified, up-to-date skills.



hired
take advantage of our employer relationships, hiring events and personal branding tools.











workforce innovation & opportunity act

          get back to work by utilizing government-funded training. learn how to apply for the wioa program, as well as valuable job search skills and networking opportunities by attending microtrain's free wioa seminar.
        

register now for our free wioa seminar


          workforce training and services for the unemployed. microtrain technologies, a wioa provider.
        







resume gap analysis
 how does your resume stand up to your target job ads? microtrain's newest resume analysis tools will help you find out! get insight on the hottest skills and keywords and close that hiring gap!
          

try our free demo

only from microtrain, only on theprofessional.me.

information technology career pathways

          entry into the information technology field typically requires a four-year degree in an area of study related to computer science or computer information systems. in lieu of a degree, entry into this field may be obtained through entry-level support roles or, though rare, a demonstration of natural talent. with a four-year degree, one should be able to skip entry-level support roles and move straight into a junior level role in a given discipline. even this, however, is growing increasingly difficult without internships and/or a convincing demonstration of knowledge and skills. internships, volunteer work, and industry certifications are all great ways of overcoming any of these barriers. microtrain offers high-demand industry certifications that give you that extra edge in the it field.
        








services
personal path. professional me. career planning, personal branding and job search all on one site. all on theprofessional.me.
        training, room rentals and recruitment services.
      




supervisor_account

career planning 
use our tools to discover the best employment fit for you.




important_devices
corporate training
productivity + efficiency + accuracy = roi. let us show you the return you get from great tech training




face_outline
personal branding
start building a brand that will reflect your experience, talents and career goals.




event_note
room rentals
we're ready for you and your students. we do all the hard work so you don't have to.




find_in_page_outline
job search
you have 6 seconds to impress recruiters with your resume. use our resume gap analysis tool to make those 6 seconds count.




public_outline
recruitment services
we use leading-edge technology and resources in our recruitment process. let us help you fill your roles as efficiently as possible.








development, technology, and management
be it development, technology, or management, microtrain has a program
      to develop and quantify your skills.






agile full stack web and hybrid mobile application development
build client side mobile and web apps, build 
              web site's and data apis, create databases. experience hands-on 
              production environments from scratch, manage it with your own 
              app... 
            
read more 






certified scrummaster csm®
this 2-day training course covers the 
              principles of agile and scrum methods. through robust 
              simulations, hands-on experimentation, and high-quality 
              instruction, students will learn the fundamentals of scrum 
              and lead an ag...
            
read more 






it management
microtrain's it management program is 
              specifically designed for students who are pursuing a career 
              in an it management related field and need to expand their 
              skill set.  our it management curriculum choices include: itil 
              foundations, project management (pmp or capm...
            
read more 









raves & praise




d. easterpmp certification training,  november 2008thanks microtrain for conducting a great pmp course that set me on a successful path to obtain my pmp certification.  i have passed the test!jenniestudent employment success - project/process managermy career services manager was very friendly and helpful and had excellent follow-up. she seemed to really care how things were going and kept me moving in the right direction. the resources available in job search were great and the visibility that there were jobs out there looking for my skillset was promising. additionally, the training, as well as having an updated resume stating the microtrain course work i had taken made me feel more confident and marketable as i looked for employment. it showed that i was dedicated and took project management and process management seriously.
jean s.pmp certification training,  lombard, 2008i was laid off for many months and not really getting many callbacks for my resume and no job offers.  after i put the letters pmp on it, not only did i see an increase in quantity, but also quality of interviews.  i had been spinning my wheels for 5 months, and after the pmp went on, i had 2 job offers in 6 weeks.  it really was the "golden ticket"ron cwikpmp certification training,  2008great training facility. great instructors. great experience. robert grafmcsamicrotrain presents the course material in an interesting and concise manner. microtrain gives the student all the resources necessary to pass the certification exams. both the chicago and lombard facilities were excellent, and the staff goes to any length to accommodate any student changes.
 



 



connect with microtrain
begin building a successful long-term career pathway.







                    oak brook












 (630) 981-0200


first namelast nameemailphone numbermessagehow did you heard about us?
* how did you heard about us?
bdpa
chicago tech works
grey hair management
illinoisworknet.net
internet search
job fair
lee hecht harrison (lhh)
linked in event
nseng
pmi
referred by a friend or colleague (name required)*
referred by a worknet center
referred by my company
right management
scrumalliance.org
other
please specify 










microtrain
microtrain technologies provides instructor-led training to individuals and corporations. microtrain's facilities are conveniently located in downtown chicago and in the surrounding chicagoland suburbs. microtrain has provided innovative, hands-on training solutions to over 10,000 individual and corporate students.



for individuals

wioa seminar
search courses
microtrain programs
program disclosures
what our clients are saying exam pass guarantee 


for corporations

exam pass guarantee
room rentals
recruitment services



for workforce

theprofessional.me



about microtrain

about us
blog
microtrain catalog
jobs@microtrain
contact us
chicago transit options
preferred hotel









contact us: 888.737.8512
                    follow us:
                    
linkedin



twitter



facebook




chicago,il
                        tel: 312.628.9200
                        fax: 312.628.9210
                

oak brook, il
                    900 commerce dr. #110
                    oak brook, il 60523
                    tel: 630.981.0200
                    fax: 630.981.0210
                




                    microtrain is approved by the division of private business and vocational schools of the 
                    
                        illinois board of higher education.
                    

                        complaint and grievance procedures
                    
                    microtrain is not accredited by a us department of education recognized accrediting body.
                






                © copyright 1999-2025 microtrain technologies
                / privacy policy






back to top
 
























 
