


welcome to the website that promotes all your local pet businesses and services




 




















home



about us




pet gift catalog











pet suppliers



shirley feed




animal shack




feasts for beasts











rescue



wildlife rescue center




furry friends pet rescue











pet care



four on the floor




elite pet grooming




best friends grooming




the puppy experience











pet services



regency forest




invisible fence




carpet express




the bug stops here




poopbgone











farms



windy acres farm











fish & ponds



reptile robs ponds & pets











pet vets



pet meds











events



long island pet expo




pet expo's




urban tarzan











resources



pet newsletter




exhibitors




pet finder




pet gallery




business cards











feedback



accessibility




our web community




long island pet services




the united web of america




the bridal services web




the gift and jewelry web




the party services web




the treasure hunt web




the car services web




riverhead magazine




sports and recreation web




the home contractors web




the realtors web




the pizza web




the restaurants web











































* welcome to the pet services web - visit all your local pet businesses online * we invite you to use these local favorites for all your pet needs








 






 
 
 
 
 
 






 






 















 


click here to post your upcoming event flier here






 


 






















 


 






 
 






shirley feed store
action jackson tree service






emerald magic
regency forest






the real costa rican adventure
hampton dive






windy acres farm
olish farms


 
 


 
 






 


 


 


























 


 


 











groomers


breeders


trainers


puppy sellers




products


services


foods


supplements




day care


dog sitters


kennels


k-9 camps




apparel


parades


shows


expos










pet meds


veterinarians


photographers


artwork




reptiles


farm animals


fish


birds




party people


feed and supply


pet aquariums


bird cages




wildlife


pet cemetary


waste removal


game farms











 


 












 


 






 
 


this website will allow you to
for all you pet lovers out there!


 
 




post messages to all your favorite pet businesses
view their locations through state of the art maps
view their websites if they have one
view their service and product menus
view their contact info and numbers
view their upcoming events
view photos of their business
view and print out their coupons



we will be adding many more businesses and cool websites to this website in order to provide you with the most up to date information in the pet world. we look forward to bringing you closer to your local pet business owners. watch us as we grow and feel free to join our web community today.



 
 






 


 


the overall goal of this website is to connect the pet owners with the local pet business owners and network them over the internet. the internet is growing at a high rate and businesses can get lost in the crowd. simply being listed in the search engines is not enough nowadays, one must go outside the box and start advertising on the many platforms that are now arising. the long island web has created one such platform that will be the one of the largest network of businesses ever created. we invite you to join at our introductory rates. with time this network will increase in value and so will the rates. 


 


 






















 


 







long island pet expo

click here to visit website



march 4-5, 2023
suffolk community college expo center,
1001 crooked hill road (exit 53 off lie. wicks road)
brentwood, long island, ny  11717
 
times: sat. 10 am – 8 pm   sun. 10 am – 5 pm 
 
get directions with mapquest here


adult tickets
online: $10.00     at the door:
child tickets
online: $      at the door: $
weekend pass (both days): $
3 and under are free



 
 






 


 


 






































 











 
 
 











 


 


click on banners to visit each online magazine - some are in the construction phase and will be online soon


 


 























































 


 


 




















 


 


 
















 
 
 






 


© copyright 2016 all photos by ed and wayne from the long island web / website designed and managed by clubhouse2000


 
			


 



* the long island network is an online resource for events, information, opinionated material, and links to the content of other websites and social media and cannot be held responsible for their content in any way, but will attempt to monitor content not suitable for our visitors. some content may not be suitable for children without supervision from an adult. mature visitors are more than welcome. articles by the editor will be opinions from an independent voice who believes the u.s. constitution is our sacred document that insures our inalienable rights to liberty and freedom.



 


disclaimer: the advertisers and resources found on this website may or may not agree with the political views of the editor and should not be held responsible for the views of the long island network or its affiliates. the long island network was created to promote, advertise, and market all businesses in the long island network regardless of their political affiliation.


 



all rights reserved and copyrighted 2023
thepetservicesweb.com is an affiliate of the long island network



 


 


accessibilty statement


 









web page software from spinyourownwebsite.com
















