 







 






































home








talents & skills








products & services








news & notes








references








contact the studio






















     

 




church interiors & stained glass
 a full service liturgical design, fabrication & restoration studio
  

 
the dixon philosophy
churches should be beautiful!
it is not a question of form versus function:
the function of a church is to be beautiful,
to inspire mortals to aspire to immortality,
to invite the divine to dwell within,
to shut out the secular world and reveal a space
in which to celebrate the sacred.
 
dixon products & services

in addition to complete design services
for building or renovating, the studio offers
custom and catalog, new and used
appointments and furnishings for your church.
   
this website offers an overview of the range
and quality of products and services.
   
please contact the studio by phone or email
to request more information
or to arrange for a consultation
at your church or architectural office.
 
 
dixon studio has achieved the best reputation
for providing the highest quality of artwork from design to installation.
their inspiring work was always on time, on budget,
and installed with professional expertise.
their finished work always exceeded our hopes
and made our dreams of beautiful artwork a reality.
i give dixon studio my highest recommendation.
-- rev. bob cilinski, pastor
all saints catholic church in manassas, the largest catholic church in the commonwealth of virginia
 


   

  

  talents & skills - in the studio: artist's resume - awards - articles
in the office: articles
iin the workshopsinin the workshops  
products & services - church styling - crucifixes & corpora
furnishings - metalware - mosaics - pews - restoration
 stained glass - stations - statuary - stonework - vestments
bargains & unique finds - vintage & antiques 
news & notes - articles - newsletters - recent installations
references - photo galleries - catholic - virginia
contact - contact info - search service

  
          dixon studio
          a division of the dixon arts guild, inc.
          323 n. central avenue; staunton, va 24401
          800-619-1112
          email: info@dixonstudio.com
          commonwealth of virginia class a contractor license #2705135941a 
 commonwealth of virginia class a contractor          
license #2705135941a      
all website text & illustrations ©1999-2024 dixon arts guild, inc.         
no content, image, or portion thereof may be copied,         
reproduced or transmitted, in any format, in whole or in part         
without express written permission from the dixon arts guild.         


















