






the official shadow people archives
















the official shadow people archives



home
long stories
short stories
ghost stories
submit story
discussion forum








the official shadow people archives
what are shadow people? at first, they appear only out of the corner of your eye, furtively
            darting out of view when you turn to look straight at them, but are now
            gone. did you really see them? 
shaking the image out of your head, you assume that it was some
            peculiar anomaly of your eyesight, however the feeling still lingers
            that someone continues to watch you. for weeks, months or years, the
            fast dark movements in your peripheral vision are dismissed until it
            finally happens without warning. you see the shadow directly in front
            of you: face to face, blacker than black, darker than dark, like a void
            that has punched a hole into the inky fabric of night itself.
sometimes it appears as the mere silhouette of a person, usually
            male, but generally lacking any other characteristics of gender.
            however, in no way does the description end there. there are "hatted"
            shadow beings, hooded shadows, cloaked ones, and solid or wispy, smoky
            types. some are seen only from the waist up. others clearly have legs
            that are seen fleeing from their observers. they dart into corners,
            through walls, into closets, or behind television sets, bushes, and
            buildings. sometimes they simply fade into the dark recesses of the
            night. lacking in the description is one common denominator unifying
            the many different types of shadow people that enter our world, except
            that they are "intensely dark". even then, there are exceptions. 
"what is their purpose?" well, one thing is
            for certain, the personalities and intentions of shadow people are just
            as varied as any one of the six billion people populating this planet.
            while a number of witnesses believe that shadow people act as
            benevolent guardians watching and guiding us, just as many witnesses
            have no doubt of the evil soul-wrenching potential of these beings.
            originally, i believed the shadow people to be ghosts, but the stories
            received, read, compiled and uploaded are more convincing that shadows
            are a type of inter-dimensional beings, from which 'ghost' is only one
            sub-category. one can only hope that serious research into this
            paranormal (or psychological) genre will paint a clearer understanding
            of the nature and make-up of these dark mysterious 'people'. that day
            has not yet come.
until then, this site brings together hundreds of witnesses who took
            the time and energy to detail their experiences in order to help us
            develop some kind of consensus about of the very strange nature of
            shadow people. you are encouraged to sift and read through them to come
            to your own conclusions. 

susan lawrence fowler
            december 31, 2023



caught on camera


click on picture to read story.


contact us | privacy policy
copyright â© all rights reserved.  no part of this publication may be reproduced without prior written permission from editor, owner and author of the official shadow people archivesâ„¢
©1997-2024 the official shadow people archives






