 barb & carole ottawa real estate team            


skip to content

 

about

barb & caroletestimonialslistingsresourcesblogcontact







about

barb & caroletestimonialslistingsresourcesblogcontact








feel right at homewith barb & carole - ottawa real estate teammove, sell, relocate and find your ideal home in ottawa and across north america with the help of barb and carole, licensed realtors® who care and understand your needs.


see listings




get in touch

abouta team to meet all of your real estate needsbarb and carole bring over 30 years of experience in the real estate industry. they have worked with one another for over a decade, sharing the same values and work ethic. they recognize that everyone’s needs are different, and with a smile and hard work, delight in fulfilling their clients’ needs.


learn more


listingstake a tourhear the story every house has to tell by taking a look at one of our beautiful listings, featuring complete information, photos, videos, maps and more.
stacked 2-storey (condo)$ 412,000the cute condo22
unit a - 711 amberwing private, orleans
close to great amenitiessafe locationbright & sunny!condo fee only $196.65!!! do the math!why rent??!!! this bright & sunny condo is a lower unit with spacious, open concept living and a large balcony and a super low condo fee of only $196.65/mth! there are two bedrooms, 1.5 baths, in-unit laundry with natural light throughout. located in safe and secure area, close to so many great amenities and green spaces.
see details

detached 2-storey$ 950,000lovely lot & location43
44 dartmoor dr, kanata
hardwood flooringupdated kitchen & bathswalk to trails, shopping, restaurants & more!a wow when you walk in! lovely and bright! this 4 bedroom, 3 bathroom home is located in an optimal area of bridlewood, kanata with easy access to trails, nature, amenities and commute routes. updated kitchen, baths and a finished basement along with hardwood throughout the house are a few of the highlights of this spacious family home.
3d tour

see details
sold over ask!
detached bungalow$ 1,000,000the rare gem42
17 borduas crt, beaverbrook
2100 sq ft of main level livingunbelievable lotno rear or front neighboursan opportunity to live on one of kanata's most coveted courts with no rear neighbours and no neighbours in front either! surround yourself in greenspace and live in a home filled with natural light. this home has been well maintained and awaits your dream updates. the footprint is amazing - make it your forever home!
watch video
3d tour

see details
sold over ask!
bungalow row unit$ 799,900the tweedsmuir resort33
93 kinmount private, kanata
open concept living spaceresort-like with trailsamazing amenities-pickleball court, pool, clubhouse, wooded trailsthis adult-lifestyle bungalow is located in the resort-like enclave of tweedsmuir on the park in kanata lakes. amazing amenities within the enclave, (wooded trails, pickleball court, pool, clubhouse) make this a lovely spot to enjoy the peace of mind that comes with adult-lifestyle neighbourhoods. great model with 2+1 bedrooms, 3 full baths, and an open concept living space.
watch video
see details
sold!
detached 2-storey$ 895,000the bridlewood beauty54
36 dartmoor dr, kanata
pride of ownershipgreat location with easy access to amenitieswalk to the ncc & trans canada trailthis family friendly neighbourhood is a coveted spot in kanata. located in bridlewood, with easy access to nature and amenities, this 4+1 bedroom, 4 bathroom home with amazing space and layout is perfect for your family.
watch video
see details
sold!
detached 2-storey$ 995,000treasure on the trails54
138 west ridge dr, stittsville
no rear neighbours, backing onto conservation areastunning landscapinggreat layout for family life and entertainingthis 4+1 bedroom, 4 bathroom home in central stittsville is a dream! great layout offers main floor den, entertaining spaces as well as the heart of the home - an open concept kitchen, eating area and family room. spacious bedrooms and upper level with small loft as well. fully finished basement with 5th bedroom, large windows, huge recreation space and full bath plus bar area. this home backs onto true greenspace - conservation area that will never be built on! walk to the trans canada trail in minutes that brings you to nature or to one of stittsville's great coffee shops.
watch video
see details



see all listings

resourcesget all the information you need every step of the wayget started on your real estate journey by taking a look at barb & carole’s specially curated tools and resources.


real estate


municipal information
utilities


check out our resources

blogget the best out of your homebarb & carole not only highlight real estate news and provide tips to better live at home; they also help you get the most out of the beautiful city of ottawa. 


lifestyle, treasure trove, communitynew find: aline-chrétien health hubby carole evansfeb 13, 2025


foodinstant pot tomato soupby carole evansfeb 13, 2025


foodthe best carrot cake ever: and gluten-free!by carole evansmay 14, 2024


visit our blog

testimonialssee what our clients are sayingnormsellerthank-you so much for all you did to sell this house so quickly and for such a good price and for making it easy for us.
it felt good to know we were in good hands and that we could 100 percent trust you. it meant a lot to us.norm liked our trust the most.helen & tedsellerswe were initially impressed by their website and even more impressed by the experience and energy they brought to the table. their biggest strength is how keenly they listen to their clients...they figure out what makes them tick, what they need & value. communication was another strength, they were always accessible. we would highly recommend barb and carole to help you sell your home under any type of market conditions!helen & ted liked our communication and marketing the most.sharon & daviddownsizing buyerswe are a senior couple, downsizing from a property out of town & knew it was going to be a challenge to find our next home 3+hours away from our present location. from a distance, carole & her associate barb kept us in the loop & were always available to answer any questions we had. carole found our perfect home & we trusted her enough to immediately leave for ottawa. we commend carole & barb to you with great confidence that you will be completely satisfied with their work ethic & desire to put your needs first.sharon & david liked our work ethic and responsiveness the most.geoff & allisonsellersbarb and carole made selling our house such a breeze!  they are both extremely professional, experienced and thorough agents.  they were always available to quickly answers any questions we had and were completely reliable throughout, making the entire process incredibly smooth. they are a fantastic team.  highly recommend.geoff & allison liked our professionalism and support the most.marti & brucesellerswe absolutely loved working with barb & carole. they were very responsive to our questions and never too busy to take our calls. from holding our hands throughout the selling process to staging and cleaning the house - they do it all! it was a no-brainer to work with barb and carole!marti & bruce liked our responsiveness the most.karen & shawnsellersbarb and carole simply came in like a whirlwind and organized us to sell our house - staging, photography, videography, drone footage - all within a day of meeting us and walking through our home.their marketing knowledge and that of the local market was excellent and we could not have done this without them - we sold our home for more than our asking price; what more could we ask?all around an excellent experience and we would highly recommend them to anyone looking for a quality sales experience.karen & shawn liked our professionalism the most.paulselleryou will be hard pressed to find a better real estate agent.
carole shows genuine interest in the goals of her clients and applies her extensive marketing experience for successful outcomes. in addition, you really get a sense that her whole team is behind her.we were so impressed by the tour video she produced; i wanted to buy my house all over again! we sold in just 2 days, and at a very good price.i highly recommend barb & carole if you want results and strong market value. many thanks to the team!paul liked our results and value the most.cathy & rickbuyers and sellersbarb & carole helped us find our next home and sell our current home, all in 11 days!carole knew what we were looking for in our next house, and set up automatic notice with our search criteria when listings became available. a few days later, when the time came to list our house, they were always prompt in returning our calls, helped calm us down when we got stressed out and assured us that all was going according to plan.we highly recommend barb & carole if you are in the market to either buy or sell.cathy & rick liked our professionalism the most.adrienne & danielfirst-time buyers of new buildcarole helped us find our perfect first home. she attended viewings with us all the way in smiths falls, taught us the details of what goes in an offer, gave her honest opinions on any property in terms of its investment value, flexibility for growing families, and upkeep.she made us feel comfortable and confident in our choices. she is incredibly reliable and we would recommend her services to anyone looking for a home in the greater ottawa area.adrienne & daniel liked our knowledge the most.nancy & jamesbuyers and sellersas we sit here in our new home enjoying our morning coffee, we reflect on the past weeks. from seeing and loving (and then buying) this home at first sight, to the selling of our then current home, it was a whirlwind! it all happened within a few days of each other!barb and carole made it both exciting and yet seamless with their constant support and attention to detail.we couldn't (and wouldn't) do it without them. we highly recommend this team!nancy & james liked our constant support the most.nicole & jeremybuyerswhen we started our search, we met with many agents who did not keep in touch with us, but barbara immediately stood up, as she was attentive, keen, helpful and reliable. we felt like true partners, as barb was keeping an eye out for many different kinds of houses, while providing extreme flexibility for our schedules.her customer service was exceptional, and so was her professionalism, keeping us on track right up to the close date. we are glad to have worked with barbara and highly recommend her and her team.nicole & jeremy liked our communication the most.evelynbuyeri’m so glad that i chose carole and her team to help me purchase my new home, and despite her busy schedule, carole made me feel like her only client!carole is a skilled listener and her thorough knowledge helped steer me in the right direction, find the right professionals, and keep me within budget. i had a challenging wish list, and it was considered for each potential property. this made the process more enjoyable and less stressful than i could imagine.it was a wonderful experience from start to finish!evelyn liked our respectful negotiating skills the most.lise & fredbuyerswe discussed with carole about our vision of the ideal home and visited a few to fine-tune our taste and expectations. from the moment we walked into the right house, she magically made it happen!being very honest, trustworthy, and extremely knowledgeable, carole worked tirelessly to fulfill our needs. we truly felt that making sure we were happy with our purchase was her first priority.
she guided us with the best advice on the offer and how to handle all the other details.carole was truly our matchmaker!lise & fred liked our knowledge and guidance the most.carolina & paulrepeat sellers and buyerswe have sold two of our houses lately, and the only agents we would ever consider working with is carole evans and their amazing team.you can put all of your worries on her shoulders, and she means it. carole consistently redirected our efforts to exactly the right issues, saving us time and money, and in our opinion, carole is one of the most trustworthy, professional, intelligent and radiantly positive agents you could ever work with.carolina & paul liked our positivity the most.le-anne & trevorinvestment buyersif you are looking for wonderful service and excellent results, look no further than barb & carole.
their attention to details and quick response was very appreciated, especially as clients dealing with the purchase from out of town.when it came down to looking at properties, carole pre-research really helped narrowing down the choices, and provided us with contacts for our renovations.thanks to barb & carole's hard work, we are very pleased with our new property!le-anne & trevor liked our market knowledge and research the most.


see all testimonials


ready to see how we work?
find out how barb & carole can help you in your real estate journey and achieve success in your transactions.


learn more about us




contact us!

contactcarole evans

(613) 720-4886


carole@barbandcarole.com


carolereidevans

barb dods

(613) 302-8028


barb@barbandcarole.com


barbdods

westboro office

(613) 755-2278


376 #101 churchill ave n, ottawa
on canada k1z 5c3

kanata office

(613) 755-2278


8221 b campeau dr, kanata
on canada k2t 0a2

affiliations

 creabarb and carole are licensed realtors®.

 innovation realty ltdbarb & carole’s real estate brokerage.

 recoontario’s real estate regulatory body.

 orebbarb and carole are members of the board.newsletterreceive updates about barb & carole and tips to better live in ottawa and at home.




first name							


email							



sign up




facebook
 



youtube
 
barb & carole real estate team © all rights reserved.website created by hélène desaulniers.































optimized by optimole                      



