

























ken baker | @properties christie's international real estate























                    contact ken
                









ken baker
312.399.4455











                                        home
                                    





                                        about me
                                    





                                        listings
                                    





                                        recent sales
                                    





                                contact
                            




312.399.4455













                    work with ken baker
                


                        search listings
                    

                        contact me
                    













                                review me
                            
 | 



                            refer me





                        meet ken baker
                    

 a native south side chicagoan, ken baker attended the culturally diverse whitney young high school on the near west side. he started exploring the chicago neighborhoods where his friends lived and developed a love and appreciation for the variety and beauty that the city offered. that experience sparked his interest in chicago real estate.  after returning from southern illinois university in carbondale, ken's career path lead him to retail sales and management, but a career in real estate was just around the corner. in fact, his real estate philosophy was heavily influenced by the high level of personal service he embraced in retail sales and management. during his more than 24 years in business, ken has represented property owners and the developers of premier quality condominiums, townhouses, single family homes, brownstone and greystone buildings as well as apartment rentals. he has successfully closed transactions throughout the south loop, gold coast, west loop and downtown areas, as well as the surrounding suburbs, helping each discerning buyer to secure the right property within their means. he is selective in choosing prospective clients because he views a connection with himself as synonymous with successful marketing. ken's clients enjoy his proactive approach and extraordinary marketing skills designed to provide each listing with comprehensive exposure in the most avant-garde mediums. whether a client is a new contact or an old colleague, ken treats everyone with respect and professionalism. he specializes in one thing: getting the job done. he's results driven. every day.



                            learn more
                        








                    my listings
                






                        view all
                    







                    what clients are saying
                












                        my team
                    

















facebook





x (twitter)





instagram





linkedin






                                privacy policy
                            



                                terms of use
                            



                                dmca notice
                            




                the design of this website and its contents are protected by copyright and any unauthorised reproduction,
                whether in whole or in part, is prohibited.
            
















