









kitchen corner










<

    
  








toggle navigation




kitchen corner



home
about
contact

what we offer 

products
electronics
pots and pans
cake decorating supplies
cookie cutters
cutlery

services
gift cards and gift registry
knife sharpening
classes

























electronics
we carry all sorts of electronics, from coffee makers to and blenders to waffle irons and everything in between!      for more information call (203) 374-1118 or stop by!
.













cookware
pots, pans and more
we carry cuisinart, lodge, & nordicware.
check out our fry pans, sauce and sauté pans, stock pots, grills and griddles, cookware sets, and more!













cake decorating
make that perfect cake, cupcake or cookie!
we carry cake pans, decorating tips and bags, food colors, fondant, icing and icing mixes, cookie icing and over 400 cookie cutters!
we also offer cake decorating classes!!













knives and knife sharpening
professional quality cutlery!
we carry wusthof, ja henckels, and cutlery pro knives and shears!
we also offer expert knife and scissor sharpening service!!















new location - same shopping center
we have relocated to our new store front just four doors down the sidewalk to the previous location of the bridal shop (between subway and coldstone). so stop by and check out our new look!












previous



next









world-class products
we carry the best tools of the trade for preparing holiday meals, stocking college dorm kitchens, cake decorating and more.



events
want to learn what you can make with a multicooker or a food processor?  stop by during one of our cuisinart demonstrations!  check out our facebook page for dates.
facebook »



classes
we offer expert-taught cake decorating classes for people of all skill levels.  check out our current schedule, and call or stop by to sign up! 
see our schedule »



gift cards
we are providing online giftcard purchase ($25, $50 & $100) for our customers.
just click on the "gift card" button below or visit our store to purchase a card for any amount desired.
purchase gift card »
stop by or contact us for more information.
registry
we are providing online wedding & gift registry for our customers.
creating your registry is easy.  just visit our store and let us help you fill out the registry forms.  then select the items you want on your list and we will do the rest.
stop by or contact us for more information.






expert knife sharpening
while maintaining your knives with a sharpening steel is important, your knives will still occasionally need to be professionally sharpened.  we can take care of that for you at an unbeatable price and with turnaround time of just two business days.  call or stop by for more details.
more details »











decades of expertise
the kitchen corner, established in 1977, is your one-stop-shop for anything you need in your kitchen.  with over 5,000 items in our inventory, we have everything from cookie cutters and cake decorating supplies to cookware, electronics, gadgets and more.
like us on facebook!





contact us
address: 2359 black rock tpke., fairfield ct
          phone: (203) 374-1118, fax: (203) 374-4114
          email: info@kitchen-corner.com

fall store hours as of 10/06/2024
monday-friday: 10 am - 5 pm
          saturday: 10 am - 5 pm
          sunday:   10 am - 4 pm




we will be closed on the following holidays:
            

new year's day
easter sunday
mother's day
memorial day
father's day




the fourth of july
labor day
thanksgiving
christmas day












back to top
© 2023 kitchen corner.















