



news & views for remnants of paradise ~ tell-a-vision: why not try love again









 



flyingsnail

boptimeevenstevensaturdays
		  6am/east
listen


local linkscontinue:


united statecafehistoric,haight/ashbury,sanfrancisco,
			coffee house

valley fire+ complete++ pages

video

where have all the flowers goneimportantstuff via ~@~

word worldswheresimplifyingcomplexitybecomes art

z.. unfinished storya picturestory for now


off sitelinks:




broken turtle books llcdelaware bookstore

chris zallafilm/tvimdb

david normalart

david willsart

delaware&rollsocietyviasteven leech

erik mollnorway:hole inthe wallsf bay area:happy valley string bandmp3 music:here & here


h.323

hank magnuskisponsor,scientist,provider ofnobody'soriginalhome,internetpioneer

happy hyderphotography

james redoart

james starkart, photography, punk rock historian

john floresart/graphics

larry cochraneredwood city public seismic network

matt zallazsd inc.

mike stickrodart

ncast
dancing frogs

neckerworldai computer vision game

nobody for presidentnone of the above should be a valid choice on voter ballots

patchworks films

 pprspacific packetradio societyhistoric 1stu.s. wirelessdigitalcommunication

rainbow puddlestellarlightshows

raspberrypi eyea vision tool for the pi

san christos(deadhead)chris wnelsonphotography

wavy gravyclown & artist


webawards:


199606.13
199606.24
199607.08
199607.10
199607.11
199607,14
199607.15
199607.31
199608.12
199608.19
199608.25
199608.28
199610.01
199610.06
199610.10
199611.03
199611.04
;-)oops(-; bad webmaster episode 7
199611.044:00 pm pst
199611.17
199711.23
may 1998
199902.19
200011.17
200011.19



 






flyingsnail

why nottry loveagain?by
jumpin'jupiter


local links


alertsmissed,departed,folks

amateur radio

animation for the appliance challengedgallery

apple & gnu/linux


flying snail archive

arpsnamateurradio publicseismicnetwork

arpsn heliplotsseismic plots& weather,lake county,ca, usa

bitternobody cares what you'redoing now

blender gallery

bobby kentgospel music

boptimewith even steven+dreamstreets

brokedown coffee

cashcprcitizensagainstsecond handcellularphoneradiation

cheesy animation studios

chetana karel- michaanactressvoice actress

dahbud menschstuck in themiddle with who?

disclaimer

emmytomsmothersfreedom of expression and speech

gallery d'anncurrently showing clay sculpture

gay freedom day 1977san francisco californiajune 26th

google is evilfor usinginsinuationto destroya cancerstricken,us vietnam veteran's,web pages

grateful deadheadgrateful dead

hackersmissing bbsfiles, 1970s

how to fix a broken worlda thought...

hunger and shamedr. maryhoward &dr. ann v.millard

ira cohenpoet, artist,film maker

john drapercaptaincrunch

karl cohenassociationinternationaldu filmd'animationsf newsletter

keith lampeco-founder ofyippie andprogressiveactivistgroups

links

marliese's corner

mike wilhelmcharlatans,flamin' groovies,loose gravel

mobile

myths of massdeception~~thanksgiving~~christmas

normandy guitarmade insalem,oregon, usa

oral cancer struggleemail fromcurtis

paul krassnerinvestigativesatirist

podcastmp3 music

radio control modelsair & land


ralph davis
autumn
fenders 1969
photo album


robotics


rubbermaid
              women's band
              from n.c.


sailing


sdr radio


sprung
              springer
              enthusiast


steven leech
              writer, poet,
              d.j.


tazmanian devils
              eugene 1982


they/them
              defining
              they and them


 
 
 






during times of universal deceit, telling the truth becomes a revolutionary act.~ george orwell


devo - beautiful world
feetlines ~ is there a cure yet? ~ 202209.06: how about  antibody sp1-77 ? 
what is sp1-77
[click for updated:  current articles & source @ freespoke.com]
sp1-77 is an antibody developed by researchers that so far can neutralize all forms of sars-cov-2, the virus that causes covid-19. it was created after researchers modified a mouse model that was originally made to search for broadly neutralizing antibodies to hiv, which also mutates. [continue reading @ prevention]
it has been over two years, now !
		    where's the cure and a steroid
		    for the 'immune compromised'??
...asking for a friend !!!
scientists discover an antibody
      that can take out all covid-19 variants
https://www.prevention.com/health/a41092334/antibody-neutralize-covid-variants/
and they hope to create a new vaccine with it.
by korin miller, @ prevention, september 6, 2022
covid-19 vaccines have been effective at keeping people from getting severely ill and dying from the virus, but they’ve required different boosters to try to keep on top of all of the coronavirus variants that have popped up. now, researchers have discovered an antibody that neutralizes all known covid-19 variants.
the antibody, called sp1-77, is the result of a collaborative effort from researchers at boston children’s hospital and duke university. results from mouse studies they’ve conducted were recently published in the journal science immunology, and they look promising.
but what does it mean, exactly, to have an antibody that can neutralize all variants of covid-19, and what kind of impact will this have on vaccines in the future? here’s what you need to know.
heads up folks:bacteria from respiratory droplets spread by one sneeze,singing one minute, talking one minute, & two coughs
via  dr. richard davis @  providence sacred heart medical center
 asifa-sf,  karl cohen  ~ association international du film d'animation, sf newsletter

 asifa-sf   february 2025 newsletter[pdf] 
boptime ~ w/even steven leech ~ saturday mornings

boptime begins at  6am (est) on saturday, february 22nd, 2025 with oldies back to back to back.  at  7am (est)  we head back to 1949 in that other world with an episode of my world. we fill out the hour with the morrie sims show with raconteur maurice sims and some great jazz tunes. at  8am (est)  we visit the club baby grand with co host larry williams, starting with some lem winchester, aniya jazz, clifford brown and other great jazz sides. at  9am (est)  we begin the r&b side with teddy & the continentals, then turn to some choice tunes on both 45 and 78 rpm records. ~ steve
boptime: saturday, 6 am eastern, 3 am pacific time
go to: http://www.wvud.org/?page_id=24
click on a listening link below the wvud logo:

boptime available locally in delaware on:
wvud-fm 91.3
shoutcast = [search: wvud] || tunein
neckerworld ~ a computer vision game

neckerworld ~ a computer vision game  by hankster/dr. hank magnuski
overview
neckerworld is a computer vision game designed to teach students about human and computer vision systems, object detection and identification, visual field construction, autonomous movement and strategy.
all players and resources in the game are cubes. the cube players are guided solely through autonomous computer vision programs. no human manual control or input is permitted during gameplay.
to successfully play the game requires a competent program to do object detection and identification, playing field knowledge representation and strategic decision making.
background
the necker cube illusion (first published as a rhomboid in 1832 by swiss crystallographer louis albert necker) is a well known example of a perceptual illusion where the orientation of the cube is unstable and easily flips between two states. serious study and research into why we perceive multiple states leads to a set of questions about the very nature of our vision. [continue: http://neckerworld.com] 

notes from ~@~
 freedom of expression and freedom of speech aren't really important unless they're heard...it's hard for me to stay silent when i keep hearing that peace is only attainable through war. and there's nothing more scary than watching ignorance in action. so i dedicated this emmy to all the people who feel compelled to speak out and not afraid to speak to power and won't shut up and refuse to be silenced.   tom smothers



 carlin step, dj steve porter & eli wilkie via roland kardeby



 the great bell chant (the end of suffering) via r smittenaar 
 



 one day, matisyahu



 unsung hero via rattakarn srithavatchai "garn"
nobody for president ~ 
  none of the above  should be a valid choice on voter ballots



american dream, george carlin via ishtar [ not work safe ],  alternative w/text
nobody should have that much power !!!
 
 curtis spangler  & wavy gravy , nobody for president,  197610.12 ~ photo: james stark
 the sacred clowns  ~ heyókȟa
the heyókȟa symbolize and portray many aspects of the sacred, the wakȟáŋ. their satire presents important questions by fooling around. they ask difficult questions, and say things others are too afraid to say. by reading between the lines, the audience is able to think about things not usually thought about, or to look at things in a different way.
 principally, the heyókȟa functions both as a mirror and a teacher, using extreme behaviors to mirror others, thereby forcing them to examine their own doubts, fears, hatreds, and weaknesses. heyókȟas also have the power to heal emotional pain; such power comes from the experience of shame--they sing of shameful events in their lives, beg for food, and live as clowns. they provoke laughter in distressing situations of despair and provoke fear and chaos when people feel complacent and overly secure, to keep them from taking themselves too seriously or believing they are more powerful than they are.
 in addition, sacred clowns serve an important role in shaping tribal codes. heyókȟa's don't seem to care about taboos, rules, regulations, social norms, or boundaries. paradoxically, however, it is by violating these norms and taboos that they help to define the accepted boundaries, rules, and societal guidelines for ethical and moral behavior. this is because they are the only ones who can ask "why?" about sensitive topics and employ satire to question the specialists and carriers of sacred knowledge or those in positions of power and authority. in doing so, they demonstrate concretely the theories of balance and imbalance. their role is to penetrate deception, turn over rocks, and create a deeper awareness.
cree prophecy
only after the last tree has been cut down,
only after the last river has been poisoned,
only after the last fish has been caught,
only then will you find money cannot be eaten.

develop your mind, not sacred sites
 message via  mike pinder
 oh, i hope that i see you again i never even caught your name as you looked through my window pane ~ so i'm writing this message today i'm thinking that you'll have a way of hearing the notes in my tune ~ where are you going? where have you been? i can imagine other worlds you have seen ~ beautiful faces and music so serene ~ so i do hope i see you again my universal citizen you went as quickly as you came ~ you know the power your love is right you have good reason to stay out of sight ~~ but break our illusions and help us be the light.   mike pinder



 why i think this world should end,  prince ea via prince ea 
 without love in the dream, it will never come true. ~ jerry garcia / robert hunter 
 and in the end, the love you take is equal to the love you make. ~ john lennon






      duckduckgo ~ the search engine that  doesn't track you
some search sites have been banned from scanning local content since 2012.
      please use duckduckgo.com or bing.com for search.
{ ͡ʘ ͜ʖ ͡ʘ} did politicians lie about daylight saving time? { ͡ʘ ͜ʖ ͡ʘ}
top



