

home | new castle community schools












































































skip to contentemployment opportunitiessearch sitenew castle community schoolsbuilding better futuresemployment opportunitiessearch sitemenuschoolstranslatemenuschoolstranslateskip gallery your browser does not support videos. end of galleryacademic pathwaysathleticsparent & student resourcesportrait of a trojanthe portrait of a new castle trojan: watch as our students grow, from tiny trojans in pre-k to graduating seniors. we're "building better futures" through employability skills. #destinationgraduationread moretestimonial spotlightprevious testimonial spotlight itemmy daughter rylee will walk across the stage and graduate from ivy tech before she "officially" graduates high school! our kids are very blessed to get these free opportunities from new castle.- brandy thompsonthanks to the pathways at nchs our daughter, madison mcgilliard, finished her undergraduate degree in three years! many of the required courses were met prior to college, and graduated with no debt!- pastor tom & linda mcgilliard, parentsmy son wyatt will graduate with an associates degree from ivy tech before he graduates from new castle!  sam will have his first year of college complete through the engineering program and dual credit classes. work-based learning allowed him to lock down a  summer job!- brandy brewster, parentunquestionably, i attribute much of my adult continuing education, professional pathway, and personal successes to the education and opportunities obtained while in new castle. nccsc  will always be a special place for me and many other successful alumni.  go trojans!- dr. jennifer mccormick,  class of 1988my daughter, emily, was part of the morning team at wkpw 90.7 fm, through the new castle career center. additionally, she earned several college credits  towards ball state university.  i am convinced this educational experience laid the  foundation for emily’s success.- judge kit crane in the theatre and choral departments, i was encouraged to take risks and follow my instincts on stage, to be bold as a soloist and generous in an ensemble. i would not be the person or performer i am today if i hadn’t had the guidance and foundation of nchs behind me.- kate metroka, class of 2006the best opportunities i had at new castle high school were the ones i was able to invent for myself with the help of a teacher or a community member. it takes a special type of environment that can foster this sense of community and an environment of opportunity.- j.w. pindell, class of 1997next testimonial spotlight itemour schoolswe are "built on tradition, but focused on the future!"eastwood elementaryparker elementary riley elementarywestwood elementarywilbur wright elementarytiny trojans preschoolnew castle middle schoolnew castle high schoolnew castle career centerprogramsearly college/dual creditfocus/high abilityextracurricularsfind usnew castle community school322 elliott avenuenew castle, in 47362phone: (765) 521-7201schoolsnew castle community schoolseastwood elementaryparker elementaryriley elementary westwood elementarywilbur wright elementarytiny trojans preschoolnew castle middle schoolnew castle high schoolnew castle career centerstay connectedcopyright © 2025 new castle community schools. all rights reserved.powered by apptegy visit us to learn more


