



















petticrows – we take dragons seriously




































 




















+351 219 233 147


sales@petticrows.com



 








skip to content







 


new dragons 

all grp
teak on glass
wooden deck
quote

request quote




used dragons
info 

setting up your dragon
tips and guides
rigging information
renovations and repairs
trailers
find crew members
charter boats


emast
parts 

parts shop (new!)

bags & fenders
covers
fittings
ropes
pumps
miscellaneous
rigging
spars


trailers
sails
old shop

bags and fenders
covers
compass
fittings
halyards
miscellaneous
pumps
rigging
sheets
spars




about 

dragon owner
meet petticrows ⏯
petticrows dragon
meet our team
dealers
contacts
dragon history


search 🔎︎





















 


 


 


 


















new dragonslooking for a brand new dragon?
check specs and request a quote




used dragonslisting of used dragons for sale
submit your used boat info for sale




dragon partsplace your order from the boatyard shop
check our extensive inventory




dragon mastneed to replace your dragon mast?
all info about the petticrows emast


about usmeet petticrows (video)
for over 30 years, petticrows has built and developed international dragon class keelboats. to date, over 800 dragons have been produced in the yard. petticrows’ dragon production was originally masterminded by double olympic gold medalist poul richard hoj-jensen and has been under the guidance of expert boat builder and former dragon world champion and gold cup winner tim tavinor since 2005.
in 2021, petticrows relocated to cascais, portugal, a village with a rich history in the world of dragon sailing. portugal has a long and successful maritime heritage, the ideal home of a new chapter for petticrows.
being at one of the world’s best regatta locations allows petticrows to efficiently develop high-performance boats. if you are looking for a winning package, come test your next dragon with us. our team is waiting to welcome you.
it is the unique blend of craftsmanship and cutting-edge technology in design and construction that has kept petticrows at the front of the fleet. constant review and input from some of the world’s top sailors allow us to continually refine our dragons, now with version v6.1.
follow our social media accounts for updates on petticrows and more (facebook, instagram, youtube)
 
about the dragon classdragon ownershipplease fill out this form to submit details about your dragon. your participation helps us maintain an up-to-date record of our sailing community.














































petticrows build international dragons







+351 219 233 147


 cascais - portugal


sales@petticrows.com





home
contact us
privacy policy
terms & conditions
cookie policy
 


 








© petticrows












we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. read morecookie settingsacceptprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept








































