handford wines – hand selected wines since 1989                     

skip to content 105 old brompton road, london, sw7 3le +44 20 7589 6113 wine@handford.netxfacebookinstagram
handford wineshand selected wines since 1989
homeonline shoptastingsmailing listabout us


0
basket
search×
current special offersa special page full of case offers – some six packs, some mixed selections – all great value!
latest offersupcoming tastingswe have some fantastic tastings coming up downstairs in the cellar at handford wines.
read moresouth africa 2023 vintagea selection of sought-after wines from this outstanding vintage offered at early bird prices.
read moreburgundy en primeur 2023the handford burgundy 2023 en primeur offer is now open, with our tasting night on tue 21st january.
read moreonline shop

free delivery to most of mainland uk when you purchase over £150.mailing list

join our mailing list and be the first to find out about all of our tastings, offers & news.wine club

we’ll deliver a selection of fantastic wines to the intrepid wine explorer every month.about us

who are handford wines? where in south kensington can you find us? when are we open?en primeur

we are here to advise on wine buying and help you manage your collection.meet the team

meet our team of enthusiasts that make handford wine the best place to find that special wine.awards.




what they sayone of the best independent merchants in the country!neal martinerobertparker.comvery personal shop whose stock is driven by passion and interest – especially good at burgundy.
jancisrobinson.comhandford wines... i just love their shop! i wish i could sleep in it!ruby waxcomedian...enthusiasm, good sense and great taste!'which?' wine guideif there is a merchant in london who has a better array of really interesting wine, then i’d like to see it.
jamie goodewineanorak.comwines chosen with care, knowledge and imagination.
decanter magazine... this really is a perfectly formed independent merchant.
harpers wines and spirits50 best indiesthis is a company that respects tradition yet also throws caution to the wind when they find a delicious new wine.matthew jukesmoneyweek
copyright © 2025 handford wines105 old brompton road, london sw7 3leawrs : xqaw 000 0010 2868company reg. no. 2369345.registered in england and wales. my accountabout usdeliveryterms and conditionsprivacy policyfull price list





                                      

