












private investigator | lajoie investigations, inc.































 


































 

    



(508) 889-5610





we focus on the real picture


  
















  
homeabout usour teamfounding fatheraffiliations investigative servicesinsurance defenselegal investigationssurveillance investigationslocates / missing personsstatements & interviewsbackground & due diligenceasset and financialsocial media & informationcriminal defense investigationsbooksour booksbook testimonialsadvertisecontact 


 navigation



homeabout us» our team» founding father» affiliations investigative services» insurance defense» legal investigations» surveillance investigations» locates / missing persons» statements & interviews» background & due diligence» asset and financial» social media & information» criminal defense investigationsbooks» our books» book testimonialsadvertisecontact  

 
 

  

 




































 / 












 
 



 








lajoie investigations, inc.


in august of 2022, the founding father of lajoie investigations, inc. died after a courageous battle with gastro-esophageal cancer: view john's obituary


his wife, longtime business partner, and ma licensed pi, susan lajoie, president of lii, is successfully operating the company with the professionalism, integrity, and ethics our clients have received over the past 33 years under john's leadership.


since 1989, lajoie investigations, inc (lii) has provided confidential, comprehensive, professional investigative services to insurance, legal, corporate, and individual interests on a local and national scale. our core competencies are legal investigations; civil and criminal investigations; background and due diligence investigations; social media investigations; information services; locate and missing persons investigations; insurance defense investigations; statements and interviews; and surveillances. cost effective, time sensitive accurate results are the benchmark of our sterling reputation.
 investigative services 




competent and cost effective insurance claims investigationread more



insurance defense


 

insurance defensecompetent and cost effective insurance claims investigationread more
  




preparing your case for settlement or trialread more



legal investigations


 

legal investigationspreparing your case for settlement or trialread more
  




observing and documenting a subject's activity and conductread more



surveillance


 

surveillanceobserving and documenting a subject's activity and conductread more
   




developing background information on people and businesses read more



background & due diligence


 

background & due diligencedeveloping background information on people and businesses read more
  




tracking down the most elusive peopleread more



locates & missing persons


 

locates & missing personstracking down the most elusive peopleread more
  




the very essence and nature of investigation! read more



statements & interviews


 

statements & interviewsthe very essence and nature of investigation! read more
   




determine asset & financial holdingsread more



asset & financial


 

asset & financialdetermine asset & financial holdingsread more
  




proficient and effective social media & information servicesread more



social media & information services


 

social media & information servicesproficient and effective social media & information servicesread more
  




read more



criminal defenseinvestigations


 

criminal defenseinvestigationsread more
   news and press 




read more



when investigative agencies are family businesses


 

when investigative agencies are family businessesread more
  




read more



cool careers: not what you think ~ debunking the myth of the private investigator


 

cool careers: not what you think ~ debunking the myth of the private investigatorread more
   


call (508) 889-5610 for a free phone consultationworcester | boston | springfield | providencecall (508) 889-5610


 testimonials  
 “lajoie investigations has been my only investigative agency for over 25 years. i have worked closely with both founding director, john lajoie, and his wife, susan lajoie. they have done incredible work in many different areas of criminal defense. susan has proven to be an extraordinary investigator. her intelligence, temperament and expertise has been invaluable. i have the utmost confidence in lajoie investigations.”

 
peter l. ettenberg, attorney at law, worcester, matalking about lii president, susan lajoie

 "susan lajoie and lajoie investigations have performed a varied range of investigative services for my office for over thirty-three (33) years. these services have included felony and misdemeanor criminal investigations, automobile collisions, premise liability cases, domestic relations matters, locating individuals and other issues.in performing those services, susan has demonstrated a deep understanding of the tasks she and lii have been asked to undertake. i have found their work to be thorough, comprehensive, legally on point to the issues at hand, effective, fruitful and professional at all levels.without reservation, i recommend susan and her company to anyone who is in need of the services of a private investigator."

 
stephen gordon, attorney at law, worcester, matalking about lii president, susan lajoie

 “lajoie investigations has a history of decades of excellence under its former leader, john lajoie. today that work continues with susan lajoie at the helm. susan is an experienced investigator who has worked for decades in all facets of investigations. she is a capable, competent and level headed woman who clearly assesses each case individually and handles each assignment with confidence. her knowledge is a valuable tool for any client. i am honored to call her my friend and comfortable calling on her to discuss any phase of investigation. the legacy lives on.”

 
kitty hailey, cli, certified legal investigator, licensed in pennsylvania and new jerseyauthor: code of professional conduct: standards and ethics for the investigative profession – 4th edition

 “for over thirty years, i have had the good fortune of knowing and working with susan and john lajoie of lajoie investigations, inc. both have worked tirelessly to complete assignments for me in a timely manner and often exceeded my expectations. more recently, i have specifically chosen susan to conduct investigations for me because her ability to research and gather the most relevant and compelling information is masterful. it is typically difficult for an investigator to assign a case to someone at a distance. there is usually a concern as to whether or not an investigator will handle the case with the same attention to detail they apply when conducting investigations for their own clients. i don’t have these reservations when assigning work to susan lajoie.”

 
diane cowan, cli, ccdi, president, confidential investigative services, inc., philadelphia, pa

   
 




 


  


for more information call us @ (508) 889-5610


   



po box 673, sterling, ma 01564, (508) 889-5610, lii@privateinvestigator.com




  





investigative services


insurance defense investigations



criminal defense investigations



legal investigations



surveillance investigations



locates / missing person





statements and interviews


background & due diligence


asset & financial


social media investigations & information services



 


  
all content and images contained within this website are property owned by lajoie investigations, inc.
unauthorized use of any content or imagery will result in appropriate legal action.


  
defense attorney wordpress theme | login 

 
 



