



tips for teaching the technophobic


















michael's tips for the technophobic 



family album - 2024   &nbsp. 

spain, morocco, & portugal 2024   &nbsp. 

symphony cruise - 2024   &nbsp. 























quick links



colorado 2024
disney cruise - 2024
50th anniversary cruise
family album - 2023
italy w/sicily - 2023
colorado 2023
madrid 2023
barcelona 2023
aruba land - 2023
aruba underwater - 2023
sitemap
























thereisnoinevitabilityaslongas
thereisawillingnesstocontemplatewhatishappening
the medium is the massage, marshall mcluhan, 1967

"if i had more time i would have written less." mark twain





"the web is far from 'done.'"
  --  sir tim berners-lee, weaving the web

social networking 
boon to social interaction? an alternative to 'reality tv'? a cleverly disguised advertisers 'market to the masses' campaign? an electronic, web enable pacifier?
come visit me,  i'll be your 'friend'.  i'll ping you or poke you or prod you -- whatever you want!  join me and we'll 'network'. 

facebook: http://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=776849165




code hack: if you want to post sample html code for a technical networking group, you need to convert the tag delimiters '<' and '>' to &lt; and &gt;, so they won't get processed. here is a conversion script i enhanced for that purpose. give it a try: http://www.botos.com/eons/convert_04.html 



 

  


























[back to top]

   michael's realm 
+ photo albums:  sex in my garden, 200+ babies, 
	photo archive, 
	maui - 2011



+ recipes  - 'suggestions'
+ new technology 





new technology
new technology terrifies many people. technology most often
equates to change and having to change the way we do things, really frightens
people. we live at the confluence of ongoing technological innovations
in computer technology, telecommunications, and digital imagery to name
just a few. daily life as we know it over the next 10-15 years will continue
to change at an accelerated rate. you will need to learn new things on
a daily basis or risk feeling [and being] further out of touch with the world you live
in. programming your vcr will seem like a trivial task compared to some
of the new things you will be asked to learn.
unfortunately the world is becoming more technological. new technology
means change. with change comes uncertainty. is it time for me to change?
am i doing the right thing? where do i find all this new information i'm
supposed to learn, even if i had the time?
new technology often brings with it a number of new concepts and new
tools to master. internet technology, as i see it, is a key technology
because it offers a solution to surviving in an era of rapid technological
change. it offers a new paradigm of learning, learning about anything and
everything. it is the best means of imparting computing skills to the masses
(the non-technonerd population) that i have seen. the internet,
particularly the world wide web, is the best example of both a concept and
an associated set of tools that advocates information sharing, learning,
and ultimately technology itself. the rapid growth of the internet is the
best proof of its success. the web has evolved tremendously in the years since it's introduction and shows no signs of slowing down any time soon. 


[back to top]


and now for those tips...


make learning about new things and new techniques a daily part of your life.
subscribe to one or more 'daily' e-mail tip services. 

give it a quick 30 minute effort -- as with many things getting
started is always the hardest part. when faced with a new piece of software,
dive in, and see how much you can learn in 30 minutes. after that much
time you will: 


have a better idea if it is worth investing additional time & effort
on this software 
know enough to compare 'getting started' experiences with others 
not have the 'i have to get to that, soon' weight hanging over you 
have a sense of accomplishment for having started -- it gets easier each
time you do it 

cut the cord, now -- when your organization decides it is going
to switch from wordperfect to ms word make a total switch to the new software,
today. the longer you continue to do your 'important' work in the old system,
the longer the conversion process will take. 
find the 'killer' features -- most products have one or more features
that really save you time or make life easier. find them, learn them well,
share them with others (their questions will ensure you learn it well)
and then pick up the other features. 
gather a support group -- remember that you are not the only person
that may have trouble learning this particular new concept, software, or whatever. 
take the initiative to bring up the topic at lunch, or on break. talk with others in your
group and find some like minded individuals. share/pool your experiences. 
find a mentor -- there is a techno-nerd type who would just love
to show off his/er expertise. flattery and ego stroking can entice shy
mentors to come forward. getting a mentor for your group makes it even  
more efficient. 
discover the programmer's point of view -- the 'nerd' who wrote
the software had a specific world view. it probably isn't the same as yours
but you can certainly suspend yours and adopt his/ers while using the software.
the better the software, the less important this becomes. 
wizbang! vs. useful -- there is a lot of fancy software out there, some expensive, some free. regardless of price, not all of it is something you need or want!  cluttering your pc and life with gadgets in the long run wastes your valuable time. if a software package is not helping you, get rid of it completely or look for a more useful alternative.




[back to top]





administrivia:
doc id: http://www.botos.com/index.html 
copyright © 1996-2024 michael botos.
revised: 12.26.2024
-- privacy statement
your comments on presentation style, technical content,
and anything else relating to the web are always welcome. send them to
me at 
mbotos@botos.com.


 

