
















bethlehem soccer club | home




















login
register



























      bethlehem soccer clubs's spring 2025 academy registration is open!
    







sign up today to avoid late fees
spring 2025 academy registration is now open!
the spring season will run from roughly late march and early april - weather dependent - until early june. games and...








      sring 2025 academy guide 101
    







hints and tips for our upcoming season
registration has started for uur spring 2025 academy season!
while we are still a few weeks away from starting our season, here are some things to remember for...












      bsc receives grant
    


    deborah a. libricz memorial fund supports programs for girls
  




bethlehem soccer club is proud to accept a grant on behalf of the deborah a. libricz memorial fun, a designated charitable fund of the lehigh valley community foundation.
by accepting the grant in...








      former bethlehem soccer club players among epc soccer all-stars
    







the eastern pennsylvania conference recently announced its boys soccer all-stars for the 2023 season.

among the list are four former bethlehem soccer club players: corey james, freedom senior, first...








      bsc, st. luke's announce partnership
    







bethlehem soccer club is excited to announce a formal relationship between the club and st. luke's university health network as bsc’s primary sports medicine provider. 
 
bsc and st. luke's share...








      bsc, capelli announce partnership
    







bethlehem soccer club recently announced its brand new partnership with capelli sport to supply uniforms and fan gear for our travel teams.
both bsc and capelli are excited to share this partnership....
  







      bsc becomes affiliate of hex fc
    










bethlehem soccer club recently announced a new club affiliation program with hex fc. 
hex fc’s boys and girls teams participate in the highest levels of play in the country including the ecnl,...











      bsc receives grant
    







bethlehem soccer club is pleased to announce we've received a grant from the deborah a. libricz memorial fund of the lehigh valley community foundation for the amount of $465. 
the grant is to be...








      bsc pleased to announce grant from deborah a. libricz memorial fund
    







the community foundation is pleased to provide a grant in the amount of $395.00 was presented to the bethlehem soccer club to be used for programs for girls. this grant is made on behalf of the...








      fall 2024 academy registration now open
    







registration closes aug. 11;
late fees start july 21
bethlehem soccer club has opened registration for the fall 2024 academy season.
the program is for u8 (2017, 2018) and u6 (2019, 2020) boys and...









related links



    registration
    




		
    bsc scholarship opportunities
  


		
    mission statement
  


		
    fields
  


    like us on facebook
    
  



    lvysl
    
  



    epysa
    
  



    nscaa
    
  



		
    home page
  

proud sponsors


pround partner







bsc, capelli announce partnership







bsc team shop










upcoming events


upcoming events



headlines



		
    what makes a nightmare parent - and a great parent
  


		
    our statement on multi-sport athletes
  



    bsc's return to play policy
  


		
    bsc players make epc high school soccer all-star teams
  







header story







 
bethlehem soccer club:
p.o.box 21824
lehigh valley, pa 18002-1824

training and developing players throughout the entire lehigh valley and surrounding areas since 1986! 













© 2025 bethlehem soccer club. all rights reserved.

© 2025 demosphere international, inc. all rights reserved.














