



	curtains | shades | toppers | hardware | ready-made & custom | bestwindowtreatments.com









































call or text: 877-717-1120 |  email: customerservice@bestwindowtreatments.comcheckout  promo code: measure (all orders $150+) 





checkout
















                            all custom/semi-custom: made in the u.s.a.
                          ready-made/semi/custom: product guarantee





                            free shipping
   for $100 or more





                            30-day returns
                               excluding custom items












custom window treatments
out of the box


blinds and shades

roman shades
woven woods/bamboo
roller blinds
averte and sliding panels




custom draperies

shop by style
customers own fabric  any fabric, any design!




custom top treatments

valances, swags & cornices




fabric options

in-house fabrics
by the yard fabrics
by the bolt only
woven woods/grasses







drapery hardware
ready-made and custom curtain rods


custom curtain rod sets

usa iron/steel metal
custom cut wood rods
decorative traverse
outdoor curtain rods




hardware accessories

swag holders/tie-backs
curtain drapery rings




extendable curtain rods

usa 1" inch metal
usa 1/2" black iron
curtain shelf brackets





fabricout of the box


fabric by the yard

shop by color
shop by pattern
shop by type
shop by brand
shop by the bolt




specialty

fire retardant commercial hospitality

 



curtains
ready-made and semi-custom


curtain panels

shop by size
shop by color
shop by fabric
shop by header style




coordinating top treatments

valances
scarf swags




browse by theme

country curtains
modern design 
kids curtains
kitchen & bathroom curtains




on sale

sheer curtains
cafe tiers
shower curtains
lined/blackout
closeouts






commercial
decorout of the box


home decor

pillows
throw blankets
rugs
kitchen accessories




custom items

pillows
bedding
call us! 877-717-1120

























 











































special: 5 free custom fabric swatches. use coupon: custom5
                         special applies to custom program only. discount coupon included with all ready-made, semi-custom fabric swatch sample.start shopping





recent posts







partnership with dozens of new fabric vendors: over 10,000 fabrics : by the yard or bolt pricing!




bestwindowtreatments.com is now partnering with dozens of fabric vendors to offer an endless supply of high quality fabrics for custom window treatments, pillows and more!  from plush velvet to tartan plaids and traditional belgian linens, we have options for residential, hospitality and commercial fabrics (nfpa 701 certified, blackout)   & more. 









introducing custom sheer collection - seamless and completely washable fabric!


patterned sheer draperies are making a huge comeback.  bestwindowtreatments.com is excited to offer a custom sheer drapery collection with cutting edge designs and patterns. seamless width up to 109 inches and washable!







client testimonials continued 









thank you so much! i will definitely use your company again and will recommend you to my friends and family. what a great price for quality treatments. i've had a great experience!  thanks for your quick responses, patience and excellent customer service. will be back again! 

                                               april s.
                                                houston, tx








i ordered an extended length drapery rod and finials from you about a month ago. just wanted to let you know that i was very happy with how easy your site makes it to order the length i needed. i love the finish of the rod, and mostly i loved the price. i looked at a lot of websites and didn't find anything that compared to what best window treatments had to offer. wanted to be sure and let you know that i'm 110% satisfied with the quality and the service. thank you.

                                                lynne m.
                                                hot springs, ar








thanks. i will definitely recommend your company to all my interior designer friends here in west palm beach. i have a new home 5,100 sq.ft., with lots of windows. my friend who is an interior designer is working on my home and she loved the curtains i ordered from you. all of this to say, i am very happy you worked with me on this and will definitely be advertising on your behalf. 

                                                a. r.
                                                west palm beach, fl








these curtains are so perfect.  i'm using these as 3/4 length curtains in my bedroom but i would love to have them as full curtains in the living room, family room and den. i cannot begin to tell you how thrilled i am about the quality, material, construction and appearance. thank you, thank you, thank you! 

                                              barbara d.
                                                storrs mansfield, ct	








i just received my order today order and i am absolutely elated.  i never ordered from your company before and was very apprehensive about just what i was getting.. your color pictures were acurate. the color was exactly as stated and the workmanship is very impressive.  i would recommend your company to any one who is looking for window treatments.  thank you for your prompt service because i was very anxious, both because i wanted to get them up and because i didn't know what to expect. above expectations!! 

                                                p. grasso
                                                newfield, nj








hours of operation
email representatives available: 9am - 9pm est  we also text!  or please call us during hours below.

 mondays-fridays: 9am to 7pm  est
 saturdays: 11am to 1pm
 sundays: closed



 by contacting our company bestwindowtreatments.com via phone or text, you agree to receive text messages. please note message and data rates may apply. message frequency varies. you may opt out of receiving text sms at any time by replying stop. text messages are sent in response to your direct phone or text message and not used for promotional purposes. 
                                 












why choose us.the best selection at the best prices.
our customers let us know - we have the best selection of window treatments at the best prices on the web. but, more importantly, most of our products are sewn in the u.s.a, at a price point that you can afford.    many of our ready-made curtains are "semi-custom" where you choose from hundreds of patterns, colors, sizes (including extra long!), lining options (yes-interlining or blackout!) and header style (even 4 colors of grommets!).   we make buying online and supporting products in the u.s.a easy.  100% of our custom window treatments and hardware are usa made of the highest quality and craftsmanship - guaranteed. 









our mission.window treatment solutions - uniquely fit to you. 
our window treatment solutions are tailor made for you. our customers rely on us to provide window treatment solutions that meet their exacting budget requirements at the highest quality point.   craftsmanship is as equally important as our individualized service level.   when you purchase any of our custom products (roman shades, custom draperies, window top treatments (valances, swags, cornices) or hand forged drapery hardware), know that you are buying a product made in an american factory or workroom  of the highest quality - guaranteed.   









what we do.professional design staff - based in the u.s.a!
we make decorating your window a breeze! we answer your specific questions that are unique to your situation, in a timely manner, so you can move forward with your project.  often, you have a qualified window treatment design professional assigned to you personally, so you can work together to come up with the best solution for your home, outdoor patio or commercial space.  we can work with you directly, your designer, architect or builder.  we value your time, budget and the quality of our products - guaranteed.














 
 


popular window treatments








extra long curtains and drapes


108 inch and 120 inch draperies









sheer curtains and draperies


patterned sheers are hot!









scarf swag holders and curtain tie-backs


the perfect finish to your window treatments









custom window treatments


go completely custom with our line of  top treatments, fabric roman shades and side panels.  or a combination of both! our online shopping experience, lets you have it your way!







 








shop curtains by color


 red merlot curtains and burnt orange rust to  blue turquoise, antique gold and champagne cream palettes: thousands of color choices!









custom woven wood blinds


 free cordless upgrade on all roman shades









scarf swag curtains


top your window treatment with one, two or three swoop scarf swag valance.









ready-made and custom curtain rods


looking for types of curtain rods? find the one that fits the exact needs for your window.







staff picks








monica pedersen's collection


make it beautiful!









 linen curtain & drapery panels


from 100% to linen blends that are wrinkle resistant -a look to love.









custom pleated draperies


choose from goblet, gathered tab top, crown pleat, inverted pleat, box pleat, pinch pleated -all tailored to those extra wide width sizes with 2-3x fullness factored in!









country style curtains


primitive country for homespun happiness!






 










we believe in window treatment solutions that are tailor made for you, fit your budget and consist of the highest quality craftsmanship.

best window treatments information

customer service
returns
faqs
shipping



see locations and warehouse centers
                                    

call center :

 mondays-fridays: 9am to 6pm  est
 we often have extended hours for custom clients, please leave a voicemail and we will get back with you asap or email/text us for a quick response.



phone: 877-717-1120
email: customerservice@bestwindowtreatments.com
                                




drapery hardware - hand forged and cut in the u.s.a




dallas, tx


custom   metal drapery and wood hardware with  accessories. 






austin, tx


custom hand forged hardware, tie-backs and swag holders






miami, florida


hand forged drapery hardware, specializing in commercial applications, including hospitality, schools and universities.






boulder, co


custom drapery hardware in dozens of colors and outdoor finishes.





san diego, ca


custom hand forged iron drapery hardware , wood rods, tie-backs/swag holders, c-rings, featuring eco-friendly finishes, low v.o.c. with outdoor finish option.






fabius, ny


ready-made hand forged iron hardware, home decor, rings, curtain shelf brackets.









workroom locations - sewn in the u.s.a.




waukegan, near chicago, il


full line of custom window treatments (draperies, shades, woven wood blinds, top treatments) and drapery hardware






los angeles, ca


ready-made and semi-custom drapery panels, scarf swags, blackout and outdoor curtains






spartanburg, sc


custom window treatments including various styles of pleated draperies, roman shades, top treatments in silk, faux silk, linen, poly blends, seamless sheer and washable fabrics line. 






atlanta, ga


fabric by the yard , ready-made and custom silk, jute and burlap draperies





boston, ma


ready-made panels, tiers, valances, swags with custom line available for custom kitchen and bathroom curtains






milwaukee, wi


custom window toppers, panels and specialty commercial  products






telford, pa


fully custom window treatments workroom specializing in c.o.m (customers' own material/fabric) to create the exact custom draperies, roman shades or top treatment that will fit your window perfectly.









warehouse shipping centers




toledo, oh


ready-made draperies, valance, tiers and fishtail swags






fall river, ma


ready-made drapes  and top treatments, samples for semi--custom panels






gardena, ca


ready-made, semi-custom drapery panels, scarf swags and pillows 






kirbyville, mo


ready-made curtains, top treatments, bedding and home decor accessories








fabric distribution








high point, nc


fabrics by the yard, featuring linen, silk, faux silk, geometric and more for residential and commercial applications.  additional specialized line of quality fabrics, made in the u.s.a. with options from herringbone to cotton and canvas.






tupelo, ms


fabrics printed in the u.s.a. featuring linen and cotton blends with bold bright patterns and designs. 








spartanburg, sc


fabrics by the yard in custom woven dyed and finished fabrics featuring silk, faux silk, jacquard, linen blends, specializing in seamless sheer, washable fabrics and full line of commercial fire retardant (ifr nfpa 701 rated)










like us
                on facebook 













 
   
 
 
 

we accept visa, mastercard, discover and american express 

 
 







                        copyright © 2024 all rights reserved by bestwindowtreatments.com
terms of use / privacy policy




  customerservice@bestwindowtreatments.com · ·
  877-717-1120 · · 






















