







datingdoctor.com – the dr is in.

















































toggle navigation





welcome!
david’s bio
about david’s appearances
break out sessions & other programs
testimonials
david’s promo video
book david
 









toggle sidebar & navigation









 



welcome!
david’s bio
about david’s appearances
break out sessions & other programs
testimonials
david’s promo video
book david










datingdoctor







            scroll to content        








david’s programs are highly engaging and interactive. he encourages and empowers his audience to ask live questions, make vital contributions and become an integral part of his program. his programs will be honed specifically for your desired outcomes and your audience. the energy of a live appearance will be magnified tremendously over the virtual event in october of 2021, which was also well received.


book david now!








testimonials 






beverly m


				"david generates change within each individual he engages. it's been amazing to see the before and after results of david's impact on our staff.  many employees lingered following his training, as they had gained new insights, felt an invigorated sense of purpose, and didn’t want their time with him to come to an end. he pours himself into every attendee, filling their empty tank with encouragement, hope and purpose. david's energy is contagious.  i highly recommend him to any group or company that is seeking a game-changer."

 

beverly m., human resource professional

organizational development office coordinator, elgin, il			







sonia a


				“david gets to the heart of what matters most in an entertaining, life-changing way. his impact on people is magical and happens in mere minutes. i witnessed it first-hand as  it happened to me."

sonia a.

communications director

mayquist consulting			







dan harsh


				“david incorporated our company's pillars and goals into his presentation in a seamless and effective way. it was the perfect complement to our efforts to rebrand, reinvigorate and re-energize."

dan harsh

president

concept services			







john m


				“david took a room full of hardened, seasoned, military personnel and skillfully led them to bond as a team. they left as an inspired, unified family that was ready to deliver on a call to action.”

john m.

boss coordinator

united states army			







arianna r


				"i cannot thank you enough for what can only be described as the best presentations i have ever seen. not only are you a master at your craft, but every person left feeling as if your words were directed specifically to them. your impact upon people cannot accurately be measured."

 

arianna r.

director

maritime academy, ny			







orion n


				david, you are one of the most inspiring speakers i've ever heard, and time spent with you is worth more than money can value. you inspired and motivated me, and my brothers, but more importantly, the information you shared was exactly what my fraternity needed to hear, and i will share it proudly with them. thank you for the amazing experience and personal growth. you are not only an exceptional speaker, but a compelling leader and person. i look forward to hearing you again.

orion n. (phi sigma kappa)			







patrick harris


				before david even arrived, i appreciated the efforts that took place prior to the event where he made sure to deliver the exact message we were hoping for and expecting.  david contacted me twice to ensure we were all on the same page. he did an excellent job.  the presentation was exactly what we hoped for and imagined. david is very good at creating audience engagement and making the audience part of the show.  he presents with humor, care, and love. i also appreciated that he stayed long after to talk to the many people who had questions for him.  he is a consummate professional.  - patrick harris, carroll college, mt			


 

 




copyright © 2025 datingdoctor.com

                    theme designed by wpzoom 






























