






sarasota sands resort | your next perfect family beach resort vacation!







































(941) 388 2138  |  lido key, sarasota fl















home
resort info

rental info & calendar
rooms
resort & resales
gallery
covid-19 notice


about
contact
 


select page


  
 
 












sarasota sands update:
thursday, 01/23/25  – subject: partial reopening
we are excited to share that we have reopened with a “partial reopening “– january 18th, 2025!
there is limited availability, with all first-floor units being unavailable until summer 2025.
units that are open are fully functional.
the main and kiddie pools are also operational, but some amenities are not available.
to check availability and additional information regarding the resort, please email us by clicking the button below.

reservations







resort vacationssarasota sands








reservations



gallery



resort info







a vacation retreat

located directly on a beautiful stretch of lido beach along the gulf of mexico in sarasota, florida. perfect for swimming in sparkling, azure waters, seashell searches in sugar-white sand, and hours of basking under the warm sun that has made florida the land of perpetual summer. enjoy the use of our recreation facilities located on the resort property.
relax and enjoy a game of tennis, basketball, billiard, air hockey, foosball or shuffleboard. stay in shape in our new exercise room. take a refreshing swim in our outdoor heated pool or enjoy the comforts of the hot tub or sauna.
your gulf front condominium is professionally decorated and fully furnished right down to the television, dishwasher, telephone, accessories and a completely equipped kitchen.

sarasota sands web cam















sarasota sands resort
lido key2150 ben franklin drivesarasota, fl 34236 usa






contact
(941) 388 2138































local excursions
learn more about sarasota

what they’re saying

“i would recommend sarasota sands to all my friends. well kept resort!”
“front desk, maintenance and housekeeping staff were very helpful and accommodating.”
“unit was exceptionally clean.”












 












sarasota sands resort







lido key 2150 ben franklin drive sarasota, fl 34236 usa







phone:	(941) 388-2138
fax: (941) 388-2429









sarasota sands resort









privacy policy




web design new light websites




 




















please accept our privacy terms: sarasotasands.com uses cookies to improve your site experience. to learn more, please read our privacy policy. oknoprivacy policy




