


indot: i-69: home























































in.gov



an official website of the indiana state government


 accessibility
                        settings


language translation




 governor eric j. holcomb











                        indiana department of transportation                     
                        







start voice
                                            input



 frequent searches


>submit text search













menu











major projectsi-69




i-69 finish line active project website
            


section 1-4 evansville to bloomington
             - click to expand



section 1
             - click to expand



section 2
             - click to expand



section 3
             - click to expand



section 4
             - click to expand




section 5 - bloomington to martinsville
             - click to expand



project overview
             - click to expand



construction updates
             - click to expand



project documents
             - click to expand



project maps
             - click to expand



contact us
             - click to expand




section 6 - martinsville to indianapolis
             - click to expand



project documents
             - click to expand




contact i-69





  close menu
    








i-69




i-69 - evansville to indianapolisthe new i-69 between evansville and indianapolis is a key component to the future economic vitality of southwestern indiana, and will connect an entire region with improved access to jobs, education and healthcare.in the 1970s, a group of visionaries began dreaming of a "southwest indiana highway" connecting evansville to bloomington. in 1991, congress proposed a "new national highway system" and the dream took root as part of a new i-69 corridor. designated as one of six corridors of the future, i-69 will ultimately extend from mexico to canada, making it a primary north-south artery for the movement of goods and services in the us.in late 1999, a tier 1 environmental impact study (eis) was initiated for the evansville to indianapolis portion of i-69. this eis looked at a wide range of possible highway corridors to link evansville and indianapolis. in december of 2003, a final environmental impact statement (feis) for i-69 was issued recommending alternative 3c as the preferred corridor for i-69. the federal highway administration selected alternative 3c for i-69 in its record of decision (rod) dated march 24, 2004. the feis and rod divided the 142-mile corridor into six sections, paving the way for the initiation of tier 2 studies for i-69.the tier 2 environmental studies have been completed for all sections of i-69 from evansville to indianapolis.  thanks to the commitment of governors mitch daniels, mike pence and eric holcomb, i-69 has rapidly moved through construction. sections 1 through 5 from evansville to martinsville are fully open to traffic. work on section 6 began in 2019, and the portion from just south of martinsville to s.r. 144 was shielded as i-69 in december 2022.  section 6, also known as i-69 finish line, is scheduled to be open to unrestricted traffic by late 2024, creating that much anticipated corridor of free flow traffic from evansville to indianapolis.at the peak of construction in 2012, i-69 was the longest contiguous new terrain interstate construction project in the u.s., putting indiana in an enviable position to attract new jobs in a competitive global marketplace.








 online services
traffic conditionsreport a concernnotice of tort claim formindiana gis atlasrules.in.govmore in.gov online servicesin.gov subscriber center





 top faqs











indiana department of transportation




social media


facebook


twitter


youtube


email








        copyright © 2025 state of indiana - all rights reserved.
    





find information



state information live chat
email state information center
find a person
find an agency
call: 1-800-457-8283
text: 1-888-311-1846





quick information





in.gov user survey
advanced search
policies
sitemap
in.gov faqs
state employee resources






state information

maps & information
in.gov news & events
email updates
indiana code
indiana administrative code
awards





















accessibility settings
report accessibility issues


screen reader - speak














