








home - pro-lab®






















































skip to content








register kitsresultscontact us 















  


search for:








homeabout pro-labproducts moldasbestosradon gas (short-term)radon gas (long-term)radon in waterlead in paintlead in watercarbon monoxidelead on surfaceone flush® septic system treatmentdetecto card™ microwave oven leakage detectorbacteria in waterwater qualitytotal water qualitywhere to buyregister kitscontact us


















protectyourfamily!pro-lab mold test kitvoted best mold test kit 
for 12 consecutive yearsthe #1 selling brand ofhome safety test kits 







homeadmin2023-08-25t13:31:10+00:00 
register kitsretail outlets
pro-lab test kits are available for retail purchase at over 60,000 home centers, hardware stores, pharmacy chains and supermarkets, including the home depot, lowe’s, menards, ace hardware, true value, do it best, fred meyer, aubuchon hardware, big lots, farm king, and meijer’s.
if you cannot find pro-lab products at any of your favorite retailers, you may order online.

or
buy nowwelcome to pro-lab
pro-lab is the world leading business in environmental testing for over 20 years. with more than 21 million test kits sold, pro-lab test kits make it easier for homes and businesses across the us & canada to test for possible hazards to their health. from toxic black mold to radon gas, asbestos, lead, bacteria & carbon monoxide. pro-lab test kits are easy to use & provide fast, accurate results and detailed professional laboratory analysis.
today, one person in ten suffers from headaches or high blood pressure. birth defects are on the rise. one out of every five people will get cancer during their lifetime, a 26 percent increase in the last two decades according to the national cancer society. in addition to cancer, environmental pollution is suspected to be a major cause of asthma, emphysema, nervous disorders, and there is speculation that it might also figure into puzzling diseases such as alzheimer’s and parkinson’s.
overwhelming media attention and newly enacted legislation regarding life-threatening home and office pollutants has heightened consumer awareness, which in turn created the demand for professional-grade environmental home safety test kits.
why pro-lab?

pro-lab is a leading manufacturer of a complete line of home safety test kits. each test kit provides precise measurement of specific life-threatening pollutants.

pro-lab test kits contain all of the necessary materials to detect contaminants within the home or office. all analyses are performed by pro-lab® or by pro-lab® recognized licensed, certified or accredited laboratories.

pro-lab is an environmentally conscious company and all of our test kits are consumer friendly and completely non-toxic.

pro-lab is not owned by or beholden to any company selling pollution abatement services or air and/or water treatment devices.




 
 







 

 

 

 
 



 

 




 

register kits
privacy policy
terms & conditions
feedback
faq
contact us







 

 
 
 





		all analyses are performed by pro-lab® or by pro-lab® recognized licensed, certified or accredited laboratories.

pro-lab®, inc. (usa) © 2023 | 1675 n. commerce pkwy. weston, fl 33326 | tel: (954) 384-4446 | all rights reserved.	


facebookvimeoinstagram
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link

select language


















































































go to top




