




 


used truck association - home










used truck association
an organization of used truck professionals 
committed to strengthening the used truck industry.



log in



























remember me
forgot password









 



home



mission statement




code of ethics







membership



join now




member health insurance plan







events



in-person trainings




uta training webinars




kc golf scramble and reception




red river shootout fishing




twok fishing event




uta topgolf event







convention



convention 2024




convention 2025







awards



marvin f. gordon lifetime achievement award




individual member of the year award







resources



used truck news




industry watch newsletter




epa by state




uta e-learning programs and resources




uta sample trade terms







foundation




uta board



board of directors




committees and chairs




presidents

















we've switched to a new email platform! to continue receiving our emails,please add our domain (@uta.org) to your contacts list. thank you for staying connected!










 
our mission
“the used truck association is an impartial organization comprised of used truck professionals and associated businesses committed to strengthening the used truck industry. we are dedicated to providing a source of direction in the areas of professionalism and ethics, while promoting the highest standards of service and conduct. we provide a platform to foster the sharing of knowledge and supply resources to support the efforts of those involved in the used truck industry.”

promotes professional growth and prosperity for its members.
promotes education and training for those involved in the used truck marketplace.
advocates the highest standards of service and conduct in the used truck industry.
promotes the public relations of used truck dealers nationwide and the used truck industry as a whole.
offers valuable industry related discounts.

join us on our mission

be part of the largest organization supporting the used truck industry and take advantage of the many benefits we have to offer.
join now! 



log in








log in with facebook


log in with google

























remember me


forgot password


























                        subscription form
                          
                      


                          *
                        
                          mandatory fields
                        















*first name












*last name












*organization



organization as you would like it to appear on marketing materials.








*email












cell phone










 



















back












  







renew today!don't miss out on your member benefits. renew now!read more


see 2024 recipients herethe 2024 scholarship recipients have been announced and are on the foundation page. congratulations!


uta lta winner — val breitagour lifetime achievement award winner was announced at the 25th annual convention in orlando. congratulations val breitag!

 





































contact us
used truck association
professionally managed by impact association management
1502 w broadway, suite 102
madison, wi 53713
phone: 877-438-7882 (877-gets-uta)
contact@uta.org











privacy policy | terms of use
 
















powered by wild apricot membership software













