








fortress storage | fine art, antique, & high-value item storage





































 
 







































                     specialized storage and services for  fine art, design, collectibles and furniture                




about
boston
miami
faq
news
 
contact






   aboutbostonmiamifaqnews 
 





















































who we are
for over 40 years, fortress storage has been the nation’s premiere provider of fine art, antique and high-end household storage and services. as the storage industry leader, our network of storage facilities in boston and miami deliver the best in packing, crating, moving and specialty inventory services for private households, collectors, museums, galleries and estates. our commitment to our distinguished clientele combined with our experienced, museum-trained staff makes us the most trusted art storage company in the business.
fortress is the expert in protecting and preserving objects of all kinds – from the world’s finest art and collectibles to the contents of private households. when you require secure storage, you can entrust your possessions to us.
about us















boston

schedule a consultation










miami

schedule a consultation














                    what sets fortress storage apart                










private storage vaults
completely private vaults offer the utmost in privacy & security











construction
hurricane code compliant steel and concrete stand-alone construction











no flood concern
all storage is above ground level











climate controlled
climate controlled (68-72 degrees & 50-55% relative humidity), digitally monitored











security
ul-certified burglar alarm direct to dual central stations with 24-hour monitoring











storage insurance
available all risk storage insurance available











dual fire monitoring system (heat & smoke)
ul-certified layered fire protection system monitored 24/7 at dual central stations











advanced fire suppression systems
zoned fire suppression system that is regularly tested & maintained











uv filtration
storage area lighting protected by uv filtration sleeves











controlled & monitored access to storage vaults
access is controlled via single entry with positive id and signature card











cctv
cameras throughout interior and exterior of building with continuous digital recording











personalized services
boutique-style services with incredible attention to detail on local, national and international moves











back-up generator
full-capacity back-up generator; inspected, tested & maintained weekly











employee screening
all employees are bonded and background checks are completed











confidentiality
keeping of personal and entity’s information private















what clients say about us








"you’re great to work with, i wouldn’t hesitate to recommend fortress if the situation comes up here, thanks for everything you’ve done, it was a difficult case with all the art but you and the guys there are the best. "

trust attorney, boca raton 



"the past 4 ½ years since hurricane andrew that i have been a customer, i have been impressed at the professional and very personal way in which everyone at the fortress has treated me and my family.  thank you for all that you have done. "

private homeowner, coral gables 



"as registrar, i am largely responsible for shipping and packing of artwork coming in and out of the museum.  we have worked many times with fortress and i would like to take this opportunity to commend your excellent staff. "

museum registrar, coral gables 



"i have great confidence in fortress.  as a former curator of medieval art at the xxx, director of the xxxx museum, and gallery owner, i’ve clocked 49 years of experience with art packing, shipping, and installation.  in my opinion, fortress ranks among the very best companies i have ever worked with during that lengthy tenure. "

art advisor, new york 













































museum quality storage ® and services







about
boston
miami
faq
news
 
contact







boston
99 boston street
boston, ma 02125
617.288.3636


  


  







miami
1629 ne 1st avenue
miami, fl 33132
305.374.6161


  


  


  
















