














department of water resources



























































skip to main content




×


saving your location allows us to provide you with more relevant information.

set location











share:








about


contact


current conditions

settings








×

default
high contrast


reset
increase font sizefont 
decrease font sizefont 












menu

contact


search






 
search this site: 




search

×





homehome


water basics





agriculture
                                    california is an agricultural leader, and it depends on irrigation. 




the california water system
                                    our water system is a complex relationship between nature and manmade structures that move water. 




climate change basics
                                    climate change can have a profound impact on california’s water resources.




conservation tips
                                    water conservation is part of the california lifestyle. 




the delta
                                    the sacramento-san joaquin delta is the heart of california’s water system.




drought
                                    drought is a reoccurring feature of california’s climate. 




environment
                                    california's unique geography and climate foster a diverse ecosystem that relies on water.




flood
                                    california is prone to periodic, and sometimes severe, floods.




groundwater
                                    the water stored beneath our feet is an important water supply source in california.
 






glossary
                                    find definitions of key terms and concepts related to our work.







what we do





dam safety
                                    we provide oversight to the design, construction, and maintenance of over 1,200 dams in california.




education
                                    we provide resources for teachers and other californians to learn about the complex world of water.




emergency management
                                    we protect life and property from catastrophic events such as flood, drought, and infrastructure fai ...




flood preparedness
                                    we work with communities and emergency responders to prepare for flood season.




infrastructure
                                    we construct, maintain and ensure the safety of a many water infrastructure facilities.




power
                                    the swp is the fourth largest producer of energy in the state.




recreation
                                    the swp provides extensive recreational activities at and around its reservoirs.




science
                                    science is integral to our policy and management decisions.




sustainability
                                    our work aims to protect natural ecosystems’ abilities to meet the needs of future generations.




water storage & supply
                                    we operate and maintain the state water project and support sustainable groundwater management.







programs





all programs
                                    learn more about our other programs and projects that help sustainably manage california’s water res ...




bay delta
                                    our work in the sacramento-san joaquin delta aims to improve ecosystems and water quality, supply, r ...




california water plan
                                    we provide a collaborative planning framework to make informed decisions for our water future.




division of safety dams
                                    dsod regulates more than 1200 dams to prevent failure, safeguard life, and protect property. 




engineering & construction
                                    we provide engineering, geology, real estate, and geodetic services for an array of water infrastruc ...




environmental services
                                    we conduct scientific and environmental analysis to help protect and restore the environment.




flood management
                                    our work in statewide flood forecasting and flood operations help reduce flood risk.




groundwater management
                                    we support the sustainable management of california’s underground water reserves.




integrated regional water management
                                    we work with regional water managers to implement solutions that increase regional self-reliance.




state water project
                                    this water storage and delivery system provides water to almost 27 million californians and 750,000  ...




water use & efficiency
                                    we assist agencies and individuals with agricultural and urban water conservation.




climate change
                                    managing climate change and its impact of water supply is one of dwr’s core values.







work with us





careers
                                    join us for a rewarding career ensuring the sustainability of california's water resources.




grants & loans
                                    we offer a number of grant and loan programs that support integrated water management activities.




real estate
                                    we acquire temporary and permanent land rights to support our mission.




procurement
                                    we contract for goods and services through our procurement process.




technical assistance
                                    we provide technical guidance, assistance, and resources through 4 regional offices.




tribal policy
                                    we are committed to open, inclusive, and regular communication with tribal governments, communities.







news





current conditions
                                    we provide real-time hydrologic information, including reservoir and river conditions.




dwr updates
                                    find feature stories, program updates, videos, and more. 




events
                                    view upcoming and past dwr events




news releases
                                    view our news releases for the latest information on our work and projects.




public notices
                                    find notices on public hearings, intent to award contracts and grants, and purchases. 







library





documents
                                    view dwr reports and publications in our document library.




educational materials
                                    we provide educational publications to view, download, and order.




modeling & analysis
                                    we develop and maintain a number of state-of-the-art models and analytical tools.




other dwr portals
                                    dwr maintains several additional web portals containing data and maps. these portals remains unchang ...




photos
                                    pixel – our web-based photo gallery – features free downloadable images of california’s natural reso ...




public forms
                                    we provide an access point to dwr public forms. the directory contains links to electronic versions  ...




videos
                                    view our youtube channel for videos featuring our projects, facilities, and latest news.







search















newssnowpack dips well below average in second snow survey of the season

the department of water resources (dwr) today conducted the second snow survey of the season at phil ...
read more












news state water project increases allocation forecast for millions of californians

today, the department of water resources (dwr) announced an update to the state water project (swp)  ...
read more










blogs state water project operations: new framework already benefitting california’s water supply

operating under a new federal framework that balances water supply and endangered species protection ...
read more










blogs floating classroom program highlights chinook salmon lifecycle and feather river research

through the department of water resources’ (dwr) feather river floating classroom program, people of ...
read more










blogs dwr takes action to support recovery and fire mitigation efforts in los angeles

in response to recent wildfires that have posed a major threat to southern california residents and  ...
read more


















i want to ...



check current water conditions
learn about water conservation
report dry wells
 get a job with dwr
get technical assistance
apply for a grant
contract with dwr
submit a public records act request







key topics



be flood ready
california water watch
go golden 
sustainable groundwater management act
delta conveyance
climate change
state water project
comprehensive adjudications







climate information



track california water conditions 
statewide reservoirs
how to save water
california groundwater live
drought assistance
dry well reporting system
fire smart landscaping













upcoming events














calendar-icon














more events >>










the dwr mission
to sustainably manage the water resources of california, in cooperation with other agencies, to benefit the state’s people and protect, restore, and enhance the natural and human environments.











dwr racial equity vision
all people in california are healthy, financially stable, and safe.

although dwr cannot achieve this vision alone, we are committed to doing our part to make it a reality. view dwr’s racial equity action plan.
























lake oroville update - february 14, 2025

lake oroville update for february 14, 2025

february 14, 2025
read more 














state water project “flexes” operations to capture ...

the department of water resources (dwr) is taking advantage of february storms and increased flexibility in new operating permits for the state water  ...

february 04, 2025
read more 














lake oroville update - february 3, 2025

lake oroville update for february 3, 2025.

february 03, 2025
read more 









more blogs >>










750,000

acres of farmland irrigated by the state water project



60%

dwr's ghg reduction goal by 2030



12,400,000

pounds of reinforcing steel on oroville main spillway



1,246

dams under state's jurisdiction 









connect
























































about


directory


executive bio


organizational chart


careers


email subscriptions




campaigns


register to vote


save our water


flex alert




publications


news releases


water education materials


dwr portals




support


conditions of use


tech specs


help








office of governor
gavin newsom
visit governor website






natural resources agency
wade crowfoot
visit natural resources website






department of water resources
karla nemeth
visit director profile page












back to top

contact


privacy policy


conditions of use


accessibility


fppc disclosures





facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube







                copyright © 2025 state of california
            



 

 

















