




stone cliff | home







































 









































—now entering final phases
(435) 628-2600
sales@stonecliff.com








—now entering final phases
(435) 628-2600
sales@stonecliff.com





















luxuryluxuryluxuryluxuryluxury


withoutwithoutwithoutwithoutwithout


limitslimitslimitslimitslimits











—welcome to stone cliff


above. 


not beyond.


imagine having a bird’s eye view of slow-shifting shadows moving across southern utah’s fabled and unspoiled desert landscape, all from the comfort of your own luxury cliffside residence. from up here, hues of rust and verdant green meet strokes of lilac and melon as each day begins and ends. up here, silence falls over a quaint city just minutes below. up here is a haven all your own in which to rest, recharge, celebrate and play. select your site, design your space, determine your privacy. this is flexible luxury at its finest.




contact a stone cliff agent




























southernutah’s


high riseliving

















upscale by nature, then by design.


the stone cliff community was carefully planned to maximize vistas at every homesite. with terraced lots and sweeping, 180 degree panoramas, precise building guidelines are in place to ensure these views will remain for every home, now and forever.


























an everyday getaway.


stone cliff boasts 24-hour gated security, indoor and outdoor pools, spa and cabanas, a clubhouse and fitness center, as well as pickle-ball, tennis and basketball courts for year-round enjoyment.




















the time is now


st. george is just getting started, but we're almost done.


established in 1996, stone cliff is now entering the final phases of development. in other words, time is limited to build the house of your dreams. contact an agent today for a tour of available lots.




contact a stone cliff agent
































“my goal at stone cliff has been to create a quality of life better than anything else available in the area. i feel like we have achieved that.”–kay traveller, master developer

















call us﻿


email us﻿


find us


﻿instagram


﻿youtube





lot mapproximity map











copyright © 2019 designed by stone cliff. all rights reserved.






















































 




















