


































    savage photo - professional photography services
  














              

     meet us



  portfolio





   investment



  contact












    
 





            

book a session







     


  

book a session




   we're so glad you found us!



   
we're emily and kyle savage, a husband-and-wife photography team based near dallas, tx.  our goal in every session is to make you feel relaxed, let you be yourself, and have fun together!if you're looking for family, couple, senior, or headshot photos, we'd be thrilled to work with you!



     

our story




   what it's like to work with savage photo...




   

 
"kyle and emily were a pleasure to work with! they were very professional and went above and beyond to make our family/newborn photos so special to us! ...we will treasure these pictures for the rest of our lives. i can't recommend k+e enough!" - amber b.


   



   "kyle and emily are the perfect team! they've taken pictures for our family multiple times over the past decade and always do an incredible job. great attention to detail, very helpful with finding the perfect poses and backdrops. we always love the work we get from savage photo."- tanner h.

 



   



   


 "kyle and emily did an incredible job taking my graduation photos. they went above and beyond by scoping out the perfect locations to take my photos a week early just to ensure everything went smoothly the day of the photo shoot. i highly recommend savage photo!"- hannah h.


   



   "kyle and emily have a great eye and a presence that makes picture-taking fun and stress-free!"- stephanie h.

 



     

services & pricing








      contact us:  team.savagephoto@gmail.com     

 




    home



  meet us



  portfolio



  investment



  contact





  all rights reserved | savage photo
 © 2025





















































































































  
  share by:








