



feed solutions - poet







































































					research
				




					credit app
				




					aft/ach app
				




					(888)327-8799
				




					log in
				
















						corn fermentedprotein
					






						dried distillersgrains
					






						wet distillersgrains
					






						modified distillersgrains
					






						syrup
					






						pellets1/4"
					






						cubes3/4"
					






						distillerscorn oil
					











						poet feed ingredients
					

						as the world’s largest producer of biofuels and a leader in bioproducts, poet produces 3 billion gallons of bioethanol, 14 billion pounds of distillers grains, and 975 million pounds of corn oil per year. our network of 34 bioprocessing facilities across america’s heartland provides high-quality, convenient feed ingredient products you can count on.
					
					for over a century the world has relied on petroleum for everything from fuel to consumer products, but at poet, we’re rewriting the future with a host of earth-friendly alternatives made with renewable resources. our daily focus is on finding innovative ways to harness the power of nature to produce powerful, practical solutions to universal challenges with our ever-expanding suite of bioproducts.
					

					view all feed ingredients









						why poet?
					






						from the farm
					


						superior products start with superior ingredients, which is why we source our corn from farmers we trust.
					




						fueled by corn
					


						the humble corn plant is incredibly versatile. it’s not only useful for producing fuel, but for creating a wide variety of bioproducts and feed ingredients.
					




						high value protein
					


						our high-value, plant-based protein is included in a variety of products, allowing us to deliver precisely what your animals need.
					




						top quality
					


						we prioritize consistency, with regular testing throughout our entire production process to ensure we bring you the highest quality possible.
					








						animal nutrition
					






						beef
					


						producing high-quality beef while maximizing efficiency begins with quality ingredients.
					




						dairy
					


						as a palatable source of digestible fiber, poet distillers grains are a great source of rumen-undegradable protein (rup) and energy for dairy.
					




						swine
					


						we provide an economical source of protein and energy to optimize profits.
					




						poultry
					


						whether for broilers or egg production, poet will help achieve performance objectives.
					




						aquaculture
					


						poet’s high-protein product is an ideal plant protein for aquaculture.
					




						pets
					


						poet corn fermented protein is fssc 22000 certified as a food-safe product.
					








						quality feed wherever, whenever
					

						our product quality is matched only by our first-rate customer service. poet’s logistics team works with your schedule to move our inventory with expert flexibility, so you can rest assured you’ll get what you need, whenever you need it, no matter where you are. 
					











						domestic
					

						for our domestic customers, our robust network of 34 bioprocessing facilities across eight states means easy access. many choose to deliver grain and pick up feed in the same trip. and if that’s not convenient, we have options for local truck delivery as well.
					
if you’re a bit further out of reach, our extensive rail network allows us to deliver product to wherever you’re located in the country.
					

						global
					

						in the bustling world of trade, where land, air, and sea serve as the highway of global commerce, poet has emerged as a formidable player. 
						
						we use various methods to transport feed ingredients from our facilities to customers all over the world. if you can’t be reached via truck or rail, we just have to think bigger. our access to transload facilities and major ports allows us to containerize or load products on barges and bulk vessels, so we can reach you wherever you are.
					







						poet bioprocessing locations
					

						poet bioprocessing facilities are spread across the midwest. if customers are located close t oa poet facility, they can come pick up ddgs themselves — or better yet, bring a load of corn to sell and pick up a load of ddgs for the return haul! if you are further away from any of our locations, we have many years of experience working with trucking, rail, and shipping distribution. whatever you want, we can get it to you.
					




	
						indiana
					

						alexandria
						cloverdale
						north manchester
						portland
						shelbyville
					
	
						iowa
					

						arthur
						ashton
						corning
						coon rapids
						emmetsburg
						fairbank
						gowrie
						hanlontown
						iowa falls
						jewell
						menlo
						shell rock
					
	
						michigan
					

						caro
					



						minnesota
					

						bingham lake
						glenville
						lake crystal
						preston
					

						missouri
					

						laddonia
						macon
					
	
						nebraska
					

						fairmont
					

						ohio
					

						leipsic
						fostoria
						marion
					
	
						south dakota
					

						big stone
						chancellor
						groton
						hudson
						mitchell
						scotland
						sioux falls (headquarters)
					








						poet terminals
					
	
						camilla, ga
					

						poet terminal – camilla has distillers grains for sale and offers delivery in southeastern united states.
					
	
						savannah, ga
					

						poet terminal – savannah is the largest east coast container export facility in the port of savannah, and its location has geographic synergy with several of our key global markets. this terminal allows us to provide exceptional service, ensuring traceability and transparency for our customers all over the world.
					

camillasavannah



						poet de mexico
					

						poet directly ships and distributes to multiple distribution facilities in mexico.
					

         culiacán
hermosillo
mexicali
monterrey
obregón
perote
torreón
     










						backed by research and innovation
					

						when it comes to your operation and reputation, you need quality ingredients you can rely on. thanks to our ceaseless research and innovation, we can provide just that. learn more about our research, how to use our products, and why they’re superior.
					
read the research









						partner with us
					

credit application
carrier registration
customer accounts
transload
automatic funds transfer / ach app
supplier verification form
terms & conditions

call us
email us






















about us
our company
locations
sustainability
history
education
contact


products & services
bioethanol
purified alcohol
co2 & dry ice
feed solutions
asphalt rejuvenator
design & construction
denaturant & natural gas
transportation
grain


media
press releases
policy
agriculture
vital magazine
video


careers
current openings
internships
outreach
scholarships
grants
seeds of change


mypoet
credit application
carrier registration
customer accounts
transload
vendor qualification


associated links
growth energy
get biofuel
get bioethanol
usfra















						© 2025 poet, llc. all rights reserved.
					

site map
						   
						privacy policy



search site
































about
sustainability
products & services
media
outreach
careers
contact















					we use cookies to understand how you use our site and to improve your experience. this includes personalizing content and advertising. 
					by continuing to use our site, you accept our use of cookies and our privacy policy.
				
 




w








