







orgone.org
































orgone.org is under new management 





























dr reich


accumulators


health


blog


contact us







 


international conference notes

summaries for friday
summaries for saturday
summaries for sunday
summaries of all presenters





 

dr. reich's museum
this was a good source for information about dr. reich. it isn't so much anymore, as the board of trustees has transformed it into a vehicle for coffee mug sales and other materials. the site is still a source for all of reich's published works, including material difficult to obtain elsewhere.


journal of psychiatric orgone therapy
introduced in 2010 as a platform for communication with the public and other professionals in the field of orgonomy. this is a well done site that is both current and provocative.

medical and social sciences
a new look for a website of the american college of orgonomy that has published a journal on reich's work since 1968. the focus of the articles are on the medical and social aspects of reich's work. they also offer extensive training.



 

a note about orgone.org

why we are putting up yet another web site is explained a little here. we hope that in time it will grow, deepen, and be a useful site for those interested in dr. reich and health.
but more to the point, reich's legacy has been greatly distorted on the internet. james demeo has a good discussion here. a more succinct way of putting this observation is here, made three years ago by kevin hinchey (on the the reich infant trust site ) which is sadly still accurate today:
"distortions about reich on the internet are like the stars: countless and in plain sight for anyone to see. and yet every day people read and view internet content about reich with no idea of what is factual and what is not."
what we want to do with this site is to offset the drift downward into a trivial understanding of dr. reich's work. it is not meant to be my opinion of his work, but to enable the reader to learn more about his work. so there is a lot required reading for this site. as such, the site will always try to be well sourced with links to original material and secondary information.



 






















click the image above to see a different one.






international conference on orgonomyrome, italy october 4 to 6, 2013



the conference was presented by the european center of orgonomy (eco). the three day conference had thirteen presenters from all areas of orgonomy. the schedule was long and dense. it was an opportunity to meet with and engage in discussions with many people currently working within the legacy of dr reich.
a look at the conference is here, or just click on the presentation title to see a summary. use the links on the left to see the daily presentations.





 {name}
 {thumbnail}


 {presentation1}
 {presentation2}
 {presentation3}











                | privacy
                | disclaimer

                | about orgone.
                | last updated:
                7 august 2023
                 |












 
