


machinery dealer | westlake village, ca











































805-405-3598



rkmachinery@aol.com















homecnc swiss typecnc turning millingtool holderscontact us































































machinery dealer in westlake village, ca




r&k machinery central, inc. is a full-service machinery dealer in westlake village, ca serving the machining and metalworking industry worldwide. we supply our clients with sales, service, application and appraisals on pre-owned, high quality machinery in the domestic and international marketplace. founded in 1991, r&k machinery central has 20 years in the metalworking and machinery business.
our specialty is high tolerance, high production cnc swiss type automatic screw machines by star cnc, tsugami cnc swiss, citizen cnc, and tornos just to name a few. from basic to multi-axis machining with automatic bar feed systems to magazine-type multi-bar loaders, we have the manufacturing equipment you need.
as a stocking dealer and a nationwide broker of quality used machines, our goal is to specifically match our customers’ requirements, as well as sell machines that may be surplus to current operations. whether selling or buying, we can assist with all of your metalworking machinery needs.








































































your source for tooling and accessories
in addition to offering high-quality machinery, we also carry a large number of accessories and attachments to enhance your industrial operations. these attachments increase the usability of your machines, improving your manufacturing production while increasing efficiency.
additionally, we offer top-quality tooling and tool holders to augment your turning and milling operations, ensuring high levels of precision in your work. furthermore, we provide high-pressure coolant systems and conveyors to help keep your operations running smoothly.
industry-leading suppliers
at our company, we source our machinery from the industry leaders in cnc and precision machining. we offer bar feeders, turning centers, milling machines and swiss cnc machines from a number of manufacturers.






























hydrobar bar feeds and magazine bar loaders
speed up your manufacturing operations, with high-quality bar feeders. these machines will supply a continuous feed of stock to keep your other machines running. some of the manufacturers that we source these machines from include:
• star sb16 • lns america• lemca• fmb• spego• smw• alps• super hydrobar• express• genius• tryton• mini boss• mini turbo• alpha


turning and milling machines
these general purpose machines are integral to any metalworking or machining operation. we carry lathes and mills from the industry’s top manufacturers, ensuring that your operation will have the best equipment. some of these manufacturer’s include:
• haas • moriseiki• miyano• okuma• gildimeister• mazak


cnc swiss-type automatic machines
once seen as specialty manufacturing equipment, swiss-type cnc machines are becoming a staple in most machining operations. these machines offer a higher level of stability than traditional cnc machines, providing a higher level of tolerance and accuracy. they also increase the speed of most cutting operations, increasing your company’s productivity and output.
at our company, we carry only the best swiss-type machines from the top-manufacturers and provide both new and used equipment. some of the manufacturers we sell include:
• star cnc• citizen cnc• tornos• tsugami• hanwha• escomatic nomura• hardinge




contact us when you are looking for top-of-the-line machining equipment for your business.we proudly serve westlake village, ca and the surrounding areas. 


































contact us
thank you for visiting our website. please fill out the following form to request information about our products and services or to provide feedback about our site. when you are finished, click the 'submit' button to send us your message. you will see a confirmation below.
hours of operation
monday–friday, 8 a.m.–5 p.m.
phone (call or text)
818-735-7841
email
rkmachinery@aol.com 



































location
visit us in beautiful westlake village, ca appox 1 hour drive north of los angeles.













































r&k machinery central, inc.homecnc swiss typecnc turning millingtool holderscontact us31117 via colinas, unit 402

westlake village ca. 91362-4505phone: (805) 405-3598


copyright © 2013 web design by web.com group, inc.










