


















home - mcconnell foundation
























  



 







			skip to main content		












search

search







fr

en









about

history
vision & mission
governance
our team
annual reviews
careers


what we fund

communities
reconciliation
climate
capacity strengthening
montreal


apply

virtual office hours
for applicants
for partners
funding database
portal


how we invest

investment strategy
our portfolio
investment resources & faqs


publications
news
 















for a resilient, inclusive and sustainable society 


                     about mcconnell                                     

                     land acknowledgement                                     






















we are a private canadian foundation that contributes to diverse and innovative approaches to address community resilience, reconciliation, and climate change. 






help me find


 

 information about funding 
i would like to know more about partnering with mcconnell, including what mcconnell funds, and how to apply.


apply
 
 

 current partner information 
i would like to know where to submit reports, and other helpful information.


for partners
 
 

 information on mcconnell’s investments 
i would like to know more about mcconnell’s endowment, including its investment strategy, and see reports on mcconnell’s impact investing.


investment strategy
 
 

 mcconnell’s philanthropic practices 
i would like to learn more about mcconnell’s approach, current priorities, and who mcconnell is partnering with.


about mcconnell
 











              land acknowledgement           

our head office sits on ancestral and unceded indigenous territory, a place known as tiohtiá:ke in kanien’kéha and mooniyang in anishinaabemowin. we recognize that the kanien’kehá:ka nation are stewards of the lands and waters of this territory, which has long been a place where meetings and exchanges among nations have occurred.



                learn more              













              vision          

we envision a future in which our economy and social systems promote the thriving of all people, and in which the natural environment is stewarded for generations to come. we see all sectors working together to address climate change, to help foster reconciliation, and unleash individual creativity and organizational resources to solve social challenges and to strengthen communities.



                learn more              












in a year of uncertainty and change, the inspiring work our partners do in their communities has been a beacon of hope. learn more about their impact in our latest year in review. 


                  read the report                                











updates from across the foundation

					view all				















stories of impact and hope in 2023


news
may 28,  2024












new funder to funder toolkit to support partnerships with non qualified donees


news
may 17,  2024












request for proposals:  monitoring, evaluation and learning - reconciliation


news
may 17,  2024












acorn canada: organizing at the intersection of climate and housing justice


news
april 2,  2024
















 contact



suite 1800
1002 sherbrooke street west
montreal, qc
h3a 3l6
 
contact us
 
phone
514-288-2133







                        connect                     






                                       linkedin                                    





                                       facebook                                    





                                       twitter                                    









newsletter signup






newsletter signup



name(required)

name


email(required)

phonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 submit














                     by submitting this form i consent to receiving mcconnell's newsletter, including invitations to webinars and events. you may withdraw your consent at any time.                   







               the mcconnell foundation office sits on ancestral and unceded indigenous territory, a place known as tiohtiá:ke in kanien’kéha and mooniyang in anishinaabemowin. we recognize that the kanien'kehá:ka nation are stewards of the lands and waters of this territory, which has long been a place where meetings and exchanges among nations have occurred. read the full length land acknowledgment.            







               privacy policy            



               accessibility policy            



               sitemap            



© 2025 mcconnell foundation. all rights reserved. 































