






magic online and in person by steffan soule and friends – interactive theatrical magic online and live for conferences, assemblies, events.








































































steffan soule 





















great magic on-demand, online and live.  get the app! 



 

 





steffan soule 

mdeckgolden rule magician seriesresourcesget magic on demand video magician for events educational programs stage show magician close up magician trade shows hospitality suites school assembly magician anti bullying magic showget magic continued golden rule magician: fun activities and diy magic effects featuring the golden rule attention, magic and the golden rule the magic of our water the magic of recycling videos of events magicianloginportfolios on demand video twentieth century alphabet still life with iris – the play mysterian creatives grand illusionspublications | press in the news i am i wish i can accomplish the impossible – enneagram your process bio | photos reviews | credits contact
join the session












creative magic can make your life extraordinary.



steffan soule’s magic entertains all ages. recognized with a kennedy center award and featured on national tv.




now featuring magic lessons and presentations with playing cards that will knock your socks off. experience the magic!








looking for entertainment for your group?



steffan soule presents great banquet entertainment or after dinner magic shows performed on a stage, a platform, the floor or outdoors. steffan’s magic works for small groups to stadium size audiences.




stage magic








looking for incredible close-up magic?



if you want close up magic at your event or a powerful show at your dinner table or private room, you have found a close up card expert.



closeup magic shows



close-up magic | street magic



steffan soule’s outstanding close-up magic is used to enhance receptions, hospitality suites, parties and fundraisers.
there are two ways to present close up magic: as a small show or with cameras on the card table and screens for the live audience to keep their eyes on the hands.



books by steffan soule



from card magic to attention



see all books








looking for great school assembly presentations?



when it comes to bullying, anti-bullying, non-violence, social skills, self esteem and relationship building, you want the golden rule magic assembly. we provide many curriculum based and certified programs on recycling, waste reduction, reading and the magic of our water.



educational & school programs



school assemblies, graduation parties, educational magic shows



powerful magic effects amaze teens, graduates and college crowds. curriculum based magic presentations geared for assemblies and educational events inspire young audiences. magic shows provide excellent performing arts experiences for all ages and grade levels: k through phd!






master magician steffan soule from seattle, wa
touring magic shows in washington state, idaho, utah, oregon, vermont, massachusetts, maine and nationwide
 









(c) 2025 magic online and in person by steffan soule and friends – powered by magic, designed by atom press


home
contact
clients
reviews
credits
bio | photos
legal | privacy | terms
shop products
join












steffan soule 






x





				search			





top








				search			







great magic on-demand, online and live.  get the app! 



×shopping cart


































































 insert/edit link

			close		


enter the destination url

url



link text




 open link in a new tab


or link to existing content



search












no search term specified. showing recent items.

							search or use up and down arrow keys to select an item.						










cancel









