




 


arizona court reporters association - home



 







log in












 











home




about



about acra




board of directors




president's annual message




bylaws




policies & procedures







donate




events




resources



resources for acra




arizona certification




for cart and broadcast captioning




for official




mentors




affiliated organizations




seminar downloads







latest news



newsletters




news posts




did you know?







join acra




acra store




contact












click here to request a reporter for court coverage
















acra provides benefits and resources for court reporting professionals













latest news



dsa acceptance speech by kim portik

11/09/2023 9:37 am


cindy interdonato



news from ncra - indiana supreme court seeks to prohibit stenography—join ncra in acting now

01/18/2023 10:42 am


cindy interdonato



news from ncra - join president meadors for his january town hall happening january 21st

01/18/2023 10:38 am


cindy interdonato





job board


login to see any new jobs posted!!



legislation at the az capitol

acra continues to advocate at the capitol for increased page rate reimbursement regarding court appealed matters, partnering pro-bono with creosote partners who fought on our behalf against efforts to undermine our profession. 
increasing these rates requires a change to statute that hasn’t been updated in over 35 years. that’s a long time to be waiting for a raise. luckily, there is interest from the legislature and governor’s office in finding a solution. 
we continue to explore options to include this language in the state budget, or to get it added on to a bill making its way through the process. it has bipartisan support and agreement from the counties and courts - it just requires our elected leaders making it a priority. 
click the link below to find your legislator and email them asking to support court reporters by giving the profession a raise in transcript page rates for the first time this century. 
find your legislator



upcoming events


no upcoming events






view arizonotes


don't miss another ncra monthly matters. read it right here on your acra site. 
ncra monthly matters

high school career days

are you interested in promoting our profession and planting the seeds of success in young minds?
learn more...
 
become an acra member
be part of the largest professional association of court reporters in the state of arizona!
join us

benefits of membership



 
arizonotes magazine
the only arizona state publication devoted exclusively to the reporting profession. delivered electronically.


conventions and seminars
two major events are held each year: an annual convention and a mid-year convention.


directory
access to the online membership directory, which includes the credentials and listing of services offered by each member.

 
legislative
monitoring legislative matters affecting our profession.


job bank
access to any job postings as they are submitted.


hertz discount
members receive special year-round discounts.

 


ssl certificate



 









ncra ethics first supporter

about acra
the arizona court reporters association’s mission is to educate and inform the public, reporters, and related legal professions about codified court reporting ethics,...
read more...


follow us

















contact us
70 s. val vista dr., suite a3-602
gilbert, az 85296
480.496.4010
office@acraonline.org
-or-
contact us
 


home

about

donate

events

resources

latest news

join acra

acra store

contact



© 2024 arizona court reporters association | designed and maintained by 58designs
















 
















powered by wild apricot membership software










