





maryland (md) child support, md child enforcement program and maryland child support laws




























 







  





professional maryland child support calculator











   home   
   sasi-calc software   


   software features   
   professional for windows with ipad option   
   professional for mac with ipad option   
   lost id/password   
   re-download for windows   
   re-download for macbook   




   resources   


   sasi-calc software faq   
   maryland child support faq   
   legal forms - download online   





   contact   






 home
 sasi-calc software
— software features
— professional for windows
— professional for macbook
— home edition
— lost id/password
— re-download for windows
— re-download for macbook
 resources
— sasi-calc software faq
— maryland child support faq
— legal forms - download online
— legal articles
 contact





 



























professional maryland child support calculator - sasi the first name in software - the software used by maryland courts!!*
sasi "professional" is a child support guidelines calculation program used to determine child support in a legal proceeding. maryland courts and maryland offices of child support use sasi-calc's  compute recommended child support*. the professional version also provides financial forms and beta alimony calculator.
sasi-calc is now available as a mobile app from the apple store.
software features

state specific maryland child support information
accurate and reliable calculations
used by lawyers and judges in major courts
includes options for printout
pro version provides financial forms for the maryland child support courts
our program calculates over guideline incomes to make recommendations for court consideration.
instant download
home users can now get virtually the same program through the apple store as a mobile ipad app.
home users can now purchase divorce financial work sheets and financial forms used by professionals.

 
we created the software-we know the answers
whether you are a maryland lawyer, a client or an individual looking to determine your maryland child support, this is the program you need. the program is extensively used by judges and masters to obtain an immediate independent assessment of amounts owed for maryland child support.
special forms now available: our financial worksheet allows your to organize your financial information in one place. the financial worksheet is critical for anyone going through a divorce and child support case. our legal forms and 16 page divorce financial worksheet ensures completeness and relevancy towards computing your financial matters and helps you go through a divorce proceeding with ease. need to find a maryland child support lawyer? check our the links in the footer on this page.
yes! we are the providers of the software to maryland courts to determine child support. * we are not part of any state agency or the maryland child support enforcement office.
warning: there are several online child support calculators who provide wrong calculations - don't be fooled - use sasi-calc!







































sasi-calc version 16 for 2024 now available, containing the latest maryland child support guidelines.



one of the nation's leading divorce lawyers now offers his internal and confidential divorce financial worksheets to help those anticipating or going thru a divorce.

the divorce financial worksheet
financial statement - with math built-in (short form)
financial statement - with math built-in (long form)
joint property statement 9-207










 











maryland child support home |  software features | sasi-calc for home users | sasi-calc for professionals |  professional version upgrade | legal forms download | contact us |  frequently asked questions |   legal disclaimer / privacy policy |  divorce financial worksheet  |  maryland divorce forms
maryland child support enforcement program: www.bwg-law.com 











disclaimer and terms of use * this program is in use by the major courts in maryland to assist in determining recommended maryland child support, however not all courts, masters or judges use this program. ** any amount over $30,000 combined income calculations are subject to the discretion of the court. however, our over guidelines calculations are widely accepted by the courts for recommended support. no guarantee is made as to the ultimate determination of child support. the calculations are only recommended amounts taking into consideration current maryland law. if you need specific legal advice about your situation contact your local bar, attorney in your state or community or visit one of our family law advisers. the information provided on our site is general in nature and is not meant to constitute legal advice. *sasi (support analysis software, inc.) sasi-calc, sasi-time, sasi-alimony are all programs of sasi. 




















© copyright 2024 support analysis software, inc. all rights reserved.








 design and developed by all cyber solutions  ↑ top 






