


rebel graphics :: home


















 




 
welcome to rebel graphics!
menus are at the page bottoms. wherever
        you are on this site, the end key on your keyboard  makes a menu
        magically appear.









current, 
               upcoming events 


about this website

site map (navigation
              concept)





two dumpster divers jailed for six months.
colorado freedom

transform! columbus
      day

the story of twelve thousand colorado
          coal miners taking a stand in history, fighting for their rights against
          the coal companies and the state of colorado.

slaughter in serene:
      the columbine coal strike reader

this website isn't  about music. this
        link is here for one reason: it is wonderful music. 

david
      rovics website
it is also protest music that won't please everyone. (but
      it pleases me...)
i'm a woody guthrie fan, and after listening to a couple
        of david rovics songs i suspected that he might be woody guthrie come back
        to sing.
i listened to a few more songs and decided that woody guthrie
      never dreamed of singing this well. 
woody's songs were simple and direct.
        david's imagery is more vivid, his range is greater. 
 david's lyrics are both haunting and thought-provoking.
      david's songs grab you, sit you down. you'll shush the kids as you try
      to catch
      every word.
david is one of the great folk musicians of our time. his
      voice has the same hypnotizing persuasiveness whether he sings powerfully
      or softly. david  sometimes captures that guthrie grit and gravel in the
       voice, and it works magic in the music. 
go download some socially significant songs. 
listen, then consider a
        donation.
come on back
        when you're done. 

 

the ludlow monument, erected "in memory of the men,
        women and children who lost their lives in freedom's cause..." was
      recently desecrated. what, someone doesn't like
      freedom?

 
here is a riddle:

she had an extensive fbi file. 
in spite of very serious physical impairments, she was
       considered a threat to the government. 

yet so successfully has our society censored information
       about her radical politics that the state of alabama has selected her
       likeness for
       their
       state coin. 
everyone has seen movies about her remarkable early life;
       very few now know about her once widely-disseminated beliefs.
who is she?
answer is somewhere on this website—see if you can
     find it!




the western federation of miners union hall is a historic treasure that needs saving.
check out the website, read the history


 

also read about the other      columbine
       massacre on this website. or read about the book:

available now!

here's the menu. bounce around. send me an
       email, tell me what you think.
 

 


 

rebel graphics home



 



 
 


 
 







































home | about
    my posters | about my prose | about
  my poetry

about the industrial workers of the world | i.w.w.
    posters | i.w.w. prose | i.w.w.
    poetry
about the anti-globalization
    movement | anti-glob posters | anti-glob
    prose | anti-glob poetry
about the anti-war movement | anti-war
    posters | anti-war prose | anti-war
    poetry
my favorite links | report
a bad link
send me email







