



	hearing aids, information on hearing loss and tinnitus | oticon
























































































home










your hearing


solutions


support


testimonials


blog


inside oticon


professionals




















focus on people is back!




























introducing oticon intent™
engage in life like never before with the world's first user-intent sensors.

discover intent










hearing is life changing
learn about how oticon intent empowers people to engage in life like never before, turning their listening intentions into reality.












hockey legend bernie parent trusts oticon intent for excellent sound quality and connectivity. learn how these cutting-edge hearing aids keep him connected with loved ones and the world around him.


watch now









in the same way he cares for patients in the air, critical care flight paramedic and father of two, eric, is passionate about promoting hearing loss awareness with his oticon intent hearing aids.


watch now








read more testimonials
 












2025 oticon focus on people awards 
nominate someone in your life, with or without hearing loss, who is dedicated to making the world a better place for people with hearing loss.
tell us about the hearing champion who inspires you!

nominate now














take the oticon better hearing challenge!
can your hearing aids stand up to the challenge?
oticon challenges you to put your current competitor hearing aids to the test against oticon intent. use our hearing center locator to find a provider in your area and engage in life like never before with oticon intent. plus, receive a $200/pair manufacturer rebate* when you make the switch to oticon intent 1, by completing the form below! 

*pending eligibility. see terms and conditions for full eligibility.

claim my rebate












 
 
oticon companion app
tips and tricks for the all-in-one app solution

learn more
 
 












oticon own™
made for your lifestyle. made to be discreet. 
made for you.

oticon own is the world’s first in-the-ear hearing aid that works more like the brain because it learned through experience.*
explore oticon own
*dnn is only available in oticon own 1, 2, and 3












new superior technology for everyone

oticon has expanded our portfolio of life-changing hearing solutions. building upon our brainhearing™ philosophy, all of our solutions are designed to provide access to the full sound scene which allows the brain to work in a more natural way. we offer a complete range of products to support a variety of hearing needs.

oticon solutions provide different levels of support to meet the needs of a broad range of people with mild-to-profound hearing loss, including those with single-sided deafness.
view hearing solutions 






oticon is committed to diversity and inclusion.
read more

















oticon makes it easy to connect. stream phone calls, tv and music directly to your hearing aids or connect wirelessly to other devices. 


connectivity options









looking for hearing aid support like how to clean your hearing aids or change your batteries? 


get support









searching for a hearing care professional near you? 



find a hearing center









are you a hearing care professional? see practice resources, technical product information and more.


for professionals






















inside oticon

careers
our leadership team
contact us
consumer advisory
distribution guidelines
tax exemption certificate
terms & conditions of sale
cookie policy
disclaimer




for professionals

myoticon
oticon for professionals
tools & support
business support services
government services
pediatrics
audiology students



need more help?

get a hearing test, receive help and advice, and buy accessories, spare parts, and cleaning tools from authorized oticon hearing care professionals.

locate hearing center


download center

find videos and instructions on how to use all oticon hearing aids and accessories.

visit download center










get connected













        
        © copyright 2025
        
    



















 

 
 



