








custom made mascots - sugar's mascot costumes - since 1985














 





































 
















mascot gallery
build your mascot
getting started
cleaning & repairs
contact
 




 













mascot gallery
build your mascot
getting started
cleaning & repairs
contact


































custommade mascots

mascots designed & handmade for you




































custommade mascots

mascots designed & handmade for you



















walkabout & athletic mascots 

whether meeting children or whipping up excitement with the fans, these versatile walkabout mascots act out the spirit of your company, school or sports team. they connect with people in an immediate, fun way.




read more









shape mascots 

shape mascot costumes have impact. see your character or brand come to life as they welcome clients and grab attention. they are engaging, memorable and people love to take photos with them.




read more



















build your
custom mascot 

we build your custom-made mascot to your individual specifications so as to meet your unique needs.
your mascot can be completely original or painstakingly replicated from a previous design. each mascot is handmade by our team of highly experienced artisans in our studio. all of our creations – whether they be sports team, school or company mascots – are crafted by full-time employees who strive to exceed our established meticulous standards and expectations. over the course of three decades creating custom mascot costumes we have developed a streamlined, efficient production process.




get started


build your mascot
























have questions? call or email us today








1 (800) 653-0253 / (416) 408-3232












mail@sugarsmascots.com





 
























what our customers say




we love fiona the fisher!  she showed up yesterday just in time for me to put her head on and walk into the start of our staff meeting. folks are completely astonished at the quality of the costume, especially how realistic the fur looks. thank you for working on this with us, and for producing such a top notch product! 



jennifer jones us fish and wildlife service


she looks wonderful!  we're delighted to have her here and look forward to using her frequently.  thank-you so much for your patience and your feedback - it was a pleasure to work with you and your staff.  have a wonderful week and i'll be sure to say nothing but great things about you guys. 



dan bartolucci marymount academy


i have met elliott (the beaver) during the 10th year party that was held on september 9th and i can confirm that parents and students were quite impressed by elliott. your team did a great job!

please thank all your team members. 



carole gauthier école élémentaire catholique pierre-elliott-trudeau


our saanich police mascot arrived late friday afternoon and looks great! what a first class costume... it looks fantastic... 



scott treble sergeant, saanich police department


just wanted to say the whole office loved the mascots and we had a great time wearing them and making them bobble last night.  tell everyone we were blown away by the quality of work. thanks! 



lee mcgrath boom marketing


he's very cute!  i'm sure he will be loved by all in the guelph community.  thank you very much to you and your team at sugar's for putting this together in such a tight timeline. 



candice faul z factor for guelph police service


you created an absolute masterpiece.  in fact, i will go on record to say this is one of the best looking mascot costumes i have seen in my 23 years of sports management. 



jim loria sioux falls stampede hockey club


just a note to let you know that the mascot has been extremely well received. the kids love him and he can hardly walk for all the kids around him - kind of reminiscent of peter piper! we are learning a lot about crowd control and have a designated handler for him so he can make his way through the crowds. omingmak is getting lots of hugs and making everyone smile. thanks so much - he will be a big part of our annual frolics. 



brenda mercer the hamlet of cambridge bay


we love it

we are very happy with the end product and i would recommend your company to anyone due to the great customer service, quality of the product and the very, very nice people who work there.

thanks again, dave 



dave switzer vancouver island university


i really enjoyed working together on this project. we just got our dog in today and i tried him on! your team has done an awesome job. the goggles are amazingly well done! they look like they were made of real caribou antler! the fan is great too. the body is nice and buff...loving it! 



christine lamothe department of culture, language, elders and youth, gover


i have to say again that he looks amazing...i am so glad we went through sugar's mascots. the professionalism on all levels of your company has really been great!! i do appreciate your hard work and the passion everyone has there for what you all do!! 



rolanda mcavoy saskatoon police service


i just wanted to thank you for your diligence and resourcefulness to make caper the best looking mascot i've ever seen. we did a rehearsal run with him yesterday and it looks terrific!! he'll be meeting the students today at noon with a big celebration taking place with our first day of classes.

any recommendation you want from us in the future, don't hesitate to ask. 



john mayich cape breton university


yes, yes, yes! our spartan has come! he is magnificent!

he will be presented at an assembly tomorrow and we're sure he'll make a huge impression. thank you so much for accommodating us these last two weeks! 



ellen long margaret barbour collegiate


i wanted to thank you for your outstanding work on les watts. we received him yesterday and were thrilled not only with how he looked, but with your attention to details. sending a birth certificate and a personalized thank you card are both lovely touches. 



sarah goulding strategie revolution strategy


savertooth has made it here safe and sound. he's so adorable we can hardly stand ourselves today! he appears to be in perfect health, his fan unit works... and we especially like his birth certificate... very nice touch... we plan to have it framed! 



ronda stevenson  becu; learning & development/financial education


he's a huge fantastic wonderful and furry addition to our staff. the kids went mad over him. thanks so much for your wonderful work and thanks to sugar mascots. 



fred sheppard parks canada -public outreach education officer


everyone who sees mikey is instantly happy and delighted. people in cars passing by are shouting, waving and blowing the car horns. we are planning on an official arrival event for mikey next week at the corner park where our sign is located . we hope to get coverage by out local papers. thank you for producing mikey for us. 



william mills main street dartmouth and area b.i.a.


he is perfectly awesome!!!!!!!we are all standing here looking at him and we are beyond pleased. thank you and your team so very much!! 



-evelyn ryan town of labrador city


... just a quick note to say "thank you" to everyone at sugars. everyone from the first phone call to when he arrived were all so helpful.

"flip" arrived on friday afternoon and was a huge hit! all the staff was totally impressed how much he did look like our "logo in real life". he was in a parade on saturday and the kid (+ adults) absolutely loved him - he got hundreds of hugs!!! 



donna wagler westridge electric ltd.


the costume handled very well at the game. this being the longest i've had it on since a video shoot we shot about two weeks earlier, i found it quite comfortable and a lot more expressive than our old suit. i've noticed that the fans seem to react a lot better to this costume as well. their excitement level has really shot up.

thanks for crafting our new costume. i feel like a whole new bird, so to speak! 



nick hadad rochester knighthawks


we have used him in our open house rally! we are planning to use him... for recruitment and all our events next year!

thank... all the staff for the work they put into him! he came with a lot of character- looking fierce! 



april moran-reza roseland collegiate prep


trax is going over better than we could have ever hoped for. we have had nothing, but positive responses at all of our events! we had 7 appearances in may alone. wherever we go we are hearing “look its trax” not “look it’s the rail runner”.  we are actually starting to get requests from the public to attend their events. again, a special thanks to you and everyone at sugars who brought our vision to life. 



brandon maceachen new mexico rail runner


falco was "born" today. a huge success, the kids love him.

our idea was that falco would start shaky on skates and improve during the match. from next homegame he will pick up the speed since he is then a week old and has "practised" the whole week.

thank you again. it's been great working with you. 



georg lund stjernen hockey


i would like to thank everyone who worked on our wonderful mascot. he was a huge hit at our tournament. he brought an air of fun and celebration to our event. huge smiles, hugs and high fives were shared, pictures were taken and memories made! visiting teams were so impressed, they will remember our little town forever... we will definitely recommend sugars mascot's to anyone who asks...

thank you again for everything! 



tawnya dooper winfield minor hockey association


our olympian mascot "torchy" was a huge success.  our students went wild when he made his debut... the entire process with sugar's mascots from beginning to end was excellent.  we are so happy with the final product.  thank you for working with me and building a mascot for our school! 



laura ward the academy at nola dunn


i just wanted to let you know that the bull arrived today!!! you can't imagine how exited we all are and i wanted to thank you for such a responsible, amiable and excellent job you guys did … thanks for being so kind and so into our mascot and taking so much care of us as customers. be sure that we will recommend you with our eyes closed and we will always take you in account in any further mascot character.

once again thank you and your crew so, so much and we are extremely happy, it is beyond what we expected. 



pedro londoño  collegio granandino


we just got him…it looks even better in person than it did in the pics…you guys get top marks for customer service!! 



cathy chalmers stonewall collegiate institute 


…everybody loved clockey! he looks terrific.

i was also surprised and impressed by the owner’s manual that came in the box.  it is very comprehensive and useful – even the tips for how to be a good mascot. the whole thing looks really good. 



steve gabbitas  bakersfield city school district


… instantly everyone loved the dude.  everyone wanted their picture taken with the dude.  we carried the dude all over the country to shows and exhibits.  we’d walk around display halls and people would immediately think of schooldude. it became the symbol and instant reminder of what we did and how and helpful that the dude actually is…fast forward to today and schooldude has grown to the point where it is the leader in the industry… so your company (sugars mascots) can make a huge difference in the success and branding of a company if done properly. 



carsie denning  dudesolutions.com


it was such a pleasure to work with sugars mascot costumes. the entire process was such a joy and we appreciate the attention to every detail. ...

thank you for such a wonderful experience as you brought mr. owl to life right in front of our eyes! 



tori barton chi omega executive headquarters


he arrived safely and we love it!!!! had so much fun unpacking our new mascot with both of our principals and everyone is super pleased with the quality of your product. i appreciate all of your help and support during the process, it was a pleasure working with you and your team! 



laura d. fabian ridgemont local schools


... how much we have enjoyed our new mascot – “appy” the happy duck.  you all did an excellent job on him and he was certainly a hit all during our fair in august!  it was very hot but we had a couple young people who did a great job!!  thanks to you all for your hard work designing and making him for us to have for many years to come! 



sherry shadden  appalchian fair


thank you so much! your customer services was amazing. feel free to follow our page "energetic city roller derby association" for updates on shotgun sally including her formal debut and where we take her.  we will highly recommend your company to other teams and organization.

  



jenna hildebrand  jennacide 


when we received our mascot we were blown away by the quality of the materials and the craftsmanship of the sewing. overall i highly recommend sugar's mascots to bring your character to life. they did a great job, and when people see our mascot it always brings a smile to their face. 



monica hart  lockout


our school went through sugar's for our mascot... we started with a basic drawing one of our art students drew up for us based on what we wanted.  they were able to design it and tweak it based on what we wanted.  they were extremely patient with us and communicated with us every step of the way... went above and beyond to help us!  thank you 



rachel neff eastlake high school


that looks awesome!!!! today was actually our 1st day back to school into the building.  this was a welcome pick me up after a day of crazy new co-vid procedures. 



stacy campbell leipsic high school
 






























marketing
with a mascot 

a mascot just might be one of the best investments you could make for your corporate or team image.




read more













stay updated
with the latest 

successful mascotting with organizational advice, marketing tips and performance ideas.




blog

























mascot gallery 

like what you see?




check out the mascot gallery






















need more information 

sugar’s mascot costumes has been making mascots with heart since 1985! we are a leading mascot company with extensive experience, skill and enthusiasm for creating high-quality, custom mascots.  our team specializes in designing and producing unique mascots that capture the spirit of your brand or event.  whether you need a mascot for sports teams, schools, businesses, or special events, our mascot company delivers outstanding results that stand out.
if you are interested in having us create a custom mascot for your company or would like information about cleaning & repairs, please complete the following form or contact us in person or by phone.





if you are human, leave this field blank.name *companyphoneemail *message *file uploadcaptcha *recaptcha is required.submit






















 sugar's mascot costumes
 165 geary ave.
2nd floor
toronto, on
m6h 2b8
t : 1-800-653-0253 / (416) 408-3232
f : (416) 408-2517
mail@sugarsmascots.com



about us
build your mascot
additional options
marketing with a mascot
faqs
contact
privacy








copyright all rights reserved © 2023





































