



















	ball ingenuity



















      skip to content
    









plant collection
partner with us
case studies
videos
contact us





















partnering with breeders ... bringing unique plants to market
ball ingenuity is thrilled to partner with some of the leading plant breeders and suppliers – big and small! – to help bring new and exciting plants to market. we value relationships and are always interested in new opportunities for plant innovation.








read our success stories and learn if ball ingenuity is a partner for you.


view case studies
partner with us



follow us on facebook









powered by ball seed
ball ingenuity products are distributed exclusively through ball seed, north america’s no. 1 horticultural distributor. it combines extensive experience, innovative thinking, and world-class customer service to ensure growers have the best products, dynamic growing solutions & more. check live availability 24/7 and order through ball seed webtrack®.
buy now from ball seed










passion for new plants
our team has a passion for new plants and we dedicate resources to launch these plants in the market. ball ingenuity focuses on three main areas of the product development process:
trialing. through internal and external trial partners, we test new plants to understand production and garden performance.
supply chain. working with the ball seed supply team, ball ingenuity ensures a sound supply chain is in place for each plant program. this includes multiple product forms from seed to vegetative cutting and tissue culture.
sales & marketing. we work closely with marketing and sales departments at ball seed to ensure each plant has a successful and exciting launch.







dedicated product managers
we’re here every step of the way! our dedicated product management team are ready to take your genetics to the next level with a personal touch. let your invention shine and be confident  in the increased visibility ball ingenuity offers.
contact ball ingenuity








see it in action
watch our latest videos and promotions of our ball ingenuity product portfolio. videos, store signage, media outreach and more ... your partnership brings all aspects of sales and marketing to the table.
watch now

















partner with us today!
                        call the ball ingenuity team: 800 879-ball








also of interestplant collectionvideoscanary wings begonia 



privacy policy
terms of use
terms & conditions of sale
© 2025 ball horticultural company – all rights reserved












