





keys to the past – this site unlocks the archaeological secrets of county durham and northumberland.























 










 skip to primary navigation skip to main contentkeys to the pastmenumenusearch the recordssites to visit

anglo-saxon sitesmedieval sitespost medieval sitesprehistoric sitesroman sitesfavourite sites
local historiesget involvedoverviewsglossaryhelpmain content

welcome
this site unlocks the archaeological secrets of county durham and northumberland by providing access to a selection of records of the archaeology and historic environment of these counties, from the smallest roman coin to the largest medieval castle, from the oldest prehistoric flint to more recent world war ii pillboxes.


professionals
professional users are advised that use of keys to the past (k2p) does not constitute a full historic environment record (her) search, and k2p’s use is unsuitable for some planning related functions. reports that rely on k2p data may, therefore, be rejected for planning purposes. if you’re unsure if using k2p will be appropriate for your purposes, please contact the relevant her (archaeology@northumberland.gov.uk or archaeology@durham.gov.uk) to clarify.


durham
durham county council’s archaeology section is carrying out a major her enhancement project over the next few years (started 2019). as part of this project, records that are updated and edited will become unavailable through this website until later in the project. they will still be available direct from the her, through normal inquiry routes.


northumberland
northumberland county council completed a major her enhancement project in 2023 and now includes data from the national record of the historic environment. it was last updated on 11 december 2023. please email archaeology@northumberland.gov.uk for more information.



contact us | useful links | legal information | accessibility statement | acknowledgements 
© 2021 durham county council and northumberland county council













