






my spirit fm 90.5 | tampa bay's hit christian music!






















































homeabout usmissioncontact usget a spirit fm magnetdjsdavismariaoliviafernandofrancescashowsthe spirit fm morning showthe nearly impossible questionthe way homehow we see it11:30 specialssunday praisebishop gregory parkesprogram schedulespirit fm 90.511:30 specialshd2 the lighthd3 el fuegosubmit a birthdayspirit fm featurescoverage mapcontest rulesinternshipsvolunteerjob openingspublic inspection fileeeosupportwhy supportbusiness supportnon-profit supportupdate giving infomake a donationdonate your vehiclebe a day sponsorm.o.m.s.concerts & eventsarea concerts & eventscommunity calendarwomen of worthdosp calendarspirit fm appearancesappearance requestsubmit eventmusic & mediawhat's been playingtext groupsenewsletterhd radiothe my spirit fm applighthouse catholic mediafacebooktwitterinstagrampinterestyoutubesoundcloudfaithdiocese of saint petersburgrequest prayerthought for the dayconfessionrosarydaily readingsfind a masstraditional prayerscatholic q&acatholic newslisten livespirit fm 90.5 (hd1)the light (hd2)el fuego (hd3)give now
open menu
homeabout usmissioncontact usget a spirit fm magnetdjsdavismariaoliviafernandofrancescashowsthe spirit fm morning showthe nearly impossible questionthe way homehow we see it11:30 specialssunday praisebishop gregory parkesprogram schedulespirit fm 90.511:30 specialshd2 the lighthd3 el fuegosubmit a birthdayspirit fm featurescoverage mapcontest rulesinternshipsvolunteerjob openingspublic inspection fileeeosupportwhy supportbusiness supportnon-profit supportupdate giving infomake a donationdonate your vehiclebe a day sponsorm.o.m.s.concerts & eventsarea concerts & eventscommunity calendarwomen of worthdosp calendarspirit fm appearancesappearance requestsubmit eventmusic & mediawhat's been playingtext groupsenewsletterhd radiothe my spirit fm applighthouse catholic mediafacebooktwitterinstagrampinterestyoutubesoundcloudfaithdiocese of saint petersburgrequest prayerthought for the dayconfessionrosarydaily readingsfind a masstraditional prayerscatholic q&acatholic newslisten livespirit fm 90.5 (hd1)the light (hd2)el fuego (hd3)give now































loading...














building a eucharistic marriage minute
building a eucharistic marriage minute
monday mornings at 6:40 a.m.



donate your vehicle!
support our outreach by considering a vehicle donation... click here to learn more!



text us at 1-800-223-9286!
text the studio at 1-800-223-9286 or keep in touch with spirit fm by joining one of our text groups. joining is easy!











pro-life advocates decry trump executive order expanding ivf access
null / credit: inna dodor/shutterstockwashington, d.c. newsroom, feb 18, 2025 / 18:05 pm (cna).president donald trump frustrated pro-life activists tuesday afternoon with an executive order that directs the united states domestic policy council to examine ways to lower costs for in vitro fertilization (ivf) and expand access to the procedure."i've been saying we're going to do what we have to do," trump said in a news conference after signing the order. "i think the women and families [and] husbands are very appreciative of it."white house press secretary karoline leavitt said in a post on x that the order "directs policy recommendations to protect ivf access and aggressively reduce out-of-pocket and health plan costs for such treatments."the executive order instructs the council to provide the president with a list of policy recommendations within the next 90 days. the move to expand access to ivf and lower its costs fulfills one of trump's campaign promises&nbs...


vatican doctrine chief warns against 'claim to omnipotence' of gender ideology
cardinal víctor manuel fernández, prefect of the dicastery for the doctrine of the faith, presides over a press conference on friday, may 17, 2024, on the vatican's new document on marian apparitions. / credit: rudolf gehrig/ewtn newscna newsroom, feb 18, 2025 / 09:50 am (cna).the vatican's doctrine chief delivered a pointed critique of gender ideology at a theological conference in germany on monday.cardinal victor manuel fernández, prefect of the vatican's dicastery for the doctrine of the faith, addressed scholars at the cologne school of catholic theology (khkt) about gender ideology's "claim to omnipotence."speaking via video link in german, the cardinal rejected the notion that gender and bodily identity could be subject to radical change based on individual wishes and claims to freedom. transgender surgery, he argued, goes beyond mere external changes like cosmetic surgery, as it involves "the claim to a change of identity, to the desire to be a different person."fe...


pope receives prisoners' prayers for recovery while hospitalized in rome
concert at the santa maria dell'olivo convent in maciano, italy, in july 2024. / credit: courtesy of amici della nave associationrome newsroom, feb 17, 2025 / 11:05 am (cna).pope francis received heartfelt letters from inmates at milan's san vittore prison after his hospitalization forced the cancellation of a planned meeting where the prisoners were to perform in a special concert.the holy father knows well that judicial sentences are served behind bars and, above all, in the heart. that's where he intended to enter this monday, feb. 17, when he was scheduled to meet with a group of inmates from san vittore prison at rome's historic cinecittà studios.however, the event was canceled following his hospitalization at rome's gemelli hospital."it was difficult for them to accept because it also represented an opportunity to get out into the fresh air, see sunlight, and breathe freedom for a few hours," explained eliana onofrio, president of the amici della nave association.sin...


new uk immigration bill 'punishes' refugees, say catholic bishops and jesuit refugee service
crowds at a town hall meeting on immigration in los angeles, january 2014. / credit: photo courtesy of victor aleman/vida-nueva.comlondon, england, feb 17, 2025 / 07:00 am (cna).the u.k. government is "choosing criminalization over compassion and protection" with its new asylum and immigration bill, according to the catholic bishops' conference of england and wales.the border security, asylum, and immigration bill is currently making its way through the u.k. parliament and passed its second reading on feb. 10. it comes as asylum and immigration have been highlighted as key priorities by both the current labor government, elected in july 2024, and the previous conservative government. government statistics showed that, in 2024, 36,816 migrants arrived in the u.k. on 695 small boats, compared with 2018 when 300 people arrived on boats. both labor and conservative administrations have advocated stringent measures to counter immigration. the new bill stipulates automatic ...


pope francis hospitalized: live updates
pope francis is hugged by a young visitor at his general audience at the vatican, wednesday, feb. 12, 2025. / credit: vatican mediavatican city, feb 17, 2025 / 07:25 am (cna).pope francis was admitted to rome's gemelli hospital on friday, feb. 14, to undergo testing and treatment for bronchitis, the vatican said.follow here for the latest news on pope francis' health and hospitalization:


from international pickpocket to redemption: víctor sono's story
notorious former international pickpocket víctor sono neira. / credit: diego lópez marina/aci prensalima newsroom, feb 16, 2025 / 11:00 am (cna).víctor sono neira spent years trapped in addiction and crime as an international pickpocket. in a radical change of heart, he chose to live on the streets of lima, peru's historic downtown in search of redemption. a devotee of the lord of miracles, he gave the broken pieces of his life to jesus and today, at the age of 72, he is a living testimony to god's mercy and forgiveness."how is it possible that a man as evil, old, and criminal as i am, who committed so many sins, even taking the lives of others, was so loved by him? why me? who am i?" sono wondered aloud in a recent interview with aci prensa, cna's spanish-language news partner."i have to accept god's mercy, even if it's hard for me to do. i'm stubborn, i fight with him like a son does with his father. but that is what pleases him: to see how, despite everything, i love him mor...


new york encounter panel: marriage matters 'more than ever' amid falling birth rates
marriage researchers brad wilcox (right) and margarite mooney on the stage of a panel discussion titled "why have children?" on feb. 15, 2025, at the new york encounter conference in new york city. / credit: migi fabara/ewtn newsnew york city, n.y., feb 16, 2025 / 13:40 pm (cna).forecasts that one in three young adults in the u.s. today will never marry signify a closing of the "american heart," a leading marriage researcher said saturday."love and marriage have fallen on harder times of late," observed brad wilcox, a sociologist who directs the national marriage project at the university of virginia, during a panel discussion titled "why have children?" at new york encounter, an annual conference organized by members of the catholic movement communion and liberation. wilcox, author of the 2024 book, "get married: why americans must defy the elites, forge strong families, and save civilization," was joined in the discussion by nicholas eberstadt, chair of politic...


pope francis spends peaceful second night at hospital, prays for peace at angelus
left: banners at rome's gemelli university hospital. right: pope francis waves from a wheelchair, feb. 13, 2025. / credit: daniel ibáñez/cnacna newsroom, feb 16, 2025 / 07:00 am (cna).pope francis spent a peaceful second night at rome's gemelli hospital, where he remains under medical care for a respiratory infection, vatican spokesman matteo bruni told journalists sunday.bruni said the 88-year-old pontiff had breakfast and read several newspapers sunday morning while continuing his prescribed medical treatments.though doctors ordered complete rest, the holy father prepared a special angelus message focusing on art's power to unite humanity and included prayers for regions torn by conflict."i would have liked to be among you," pope francis wrote in his message, referring to artists gathered at the vatican for a special jubilee celebration, "but as you know, i am here at the gemelli polyclinic because i still need some treatment for my bronchitis."the pope's message highlighted ...


catholics hopeful on abortion, health policy after kennedy's confirmation as hhs secretary
robert f. kennedy jr., president donald trump's nominee for secretary of the department of health and human services, testifies during his senate finance committee confirmation hearing at the dirksen senate office building on jan. 29, 2025, in washington, d.c. / credit: win mcnamee/getty imageswashington, d.c. newsroom, feb 16, 2025 / 07:30 am (cna).prominent u.s. catholics are expressing optimism after robert f. kennedy jr.'s recent confirmation as secretary of health and human services (hhs), following an arduous confirmation process which saw him challenged on several issues key to the catholic church. kennedy, himself a professed catholic, has faced intense scrutiny from both sides of the aisle for his controversial views on vaccines, abortion, and public health policy since president donald trump nominated him to serve as head of hhs.that position oversees 10 agencies, including the food and drug administration (fda) and the centers for disease control and prevention ...


irish bishop appointed to shepherd two dioceses
bishop kevin doran / credit: catholic communications officerome newsroom, feb 16, 2025 / 09:00 am (cna).pope francis has appointed bishop kevin doran as new bishop of the diocese of achonry, in addition to being bishop of the diocese of elphin.the announcement, published feb. 16, means that the two dioceses of achonry and elphin are joined "in persona episcopi" or "in the person of the bishop." on sunday morning, the bishop of achonry and elphin addressed catholics, expressing his gratitude for the support he has received from people in both dioceses. "i gladly accept my responsibility as bishop of the two dioceses to work with you as we grow together into that unity to which we are called, and as we discover the gifts that god has given us to share," he told the congregation at the cathedral of the annunciation and saint nathy.  doran has served as bishop of the elphin diocese since 2014. he was appointed apostolic administrator of achonry diocese in april ...








genesis 7:5,10 
noah did just as the lord had commanded him. as soon as the seven days were over, the waters of the flood came upon the earth.









public inspection file | eeo
© 2015 - 2021 spirit fm 90.5 - all rights reserved.church websites | ministry websites  by netministry.









