mind garden      search      login  blog   cart   no products $0.00  checkout  product successfully added to your shopping cart  quantity :  total :   there are 0 items in your cart.   there is 1 item in your cart.   total (tax excl.) :     continue shopping   proceed to checkout   your role students, consultants, and more   repeat customer   professor   business consultant   individual   counselor   hr manager   researcher (student)   researcher (established)   healthcare executive  our products list of psychological assessments   products a-z   authors a-z   survey customization   not sure what product you need?   not sure what to do next?   about translations  topics leadership, burnout, and more  questions? how to buy and more   frequently asked questions (faq) & support   how to buy   mind garden application forms   faq - products   faq - mlq and multi-rater tools   faq - support   services   contact mind garden    your role students, consultants, and more   repeat customer   professor   business consultant   individual   counselor   hr manager   researcher (student)   researcher (established)   healthcare executive  our products list of psychological assessments   products a-z   authors a-z   survey customization   not sure what product you need?   not sure what to do next?   about translations  topics leadership, burnout, and more  questions? how to buy and more   frequently asked questions (faq) & support   how to buy   mind garden application forms   faq - products   faq - mlq and multi-rater tools   faq - support   services   contact mind garden   welcome to mind gardenmind garden publishes many assessments including the multifactor leadership questionnaire (mlq), maslach burnout inventory (mbi) and state-trait anxiety inventory (stai). whichever path you take, we make it easy to get what you need.define your role choose your role to learn how mind garden can make it easy for you to get what you need.repeat customerprofessorconsultantindividualcounselorhr managerresearcherstudentbrowse our productsmind garden provides a full range of psychological assessment instruments. select a title from our list of products. if you’re not sure yet, try using our topics list.search by topicour psychological instruments cover a wider variety of areas, including leadership, burnout and anxiety. we have instruments to measure many other factors in human behavior, personality, social environments and affect.burnout solutionsuse the leading measure of burnout to assess burnout and design solutions for your organization. click here to learn how to use the maslach burnout toolkit, create burnout solutions, prepare your organization for change, and more.login to transform™after purchase, you’ll receive login instructions and can retrieve your documents or begin using our tranform™ online survey system. what's new news from mind garden we are delighted to introduce the coping self-efficacy scale (cses), the social encounters scale (ses) and tell you...  read more login to transform™what's newdefine your rolebrowse our productssearch by topicburnout solutionslogin to transform™what's new  connect with us:       © 2025 mind garden, inc.  contact us   terms of service   about us   privacy policy   services    blog  
  