









































    boothbay harbor waterfront hotel, restaurant, marina- brown's wharf inn
  



 















            


     home


   about us





  rooms and rates


   cove side rooms



  water front rooms



  capn brown's cottage



  capn lunt's cottage



  suites & corner rooms



  cottage allowing pets





  book online



  boothbay harbor web cams



  marina



  activities



  contact us











       
 





         

home




    family owned and operated for over seventy years!
 our restaurant is no longer open; however, we offer our motel guests a complimentary light continental breakfast daily. 
   

book online




   


   welcome...! as you drive down  atlantic avenue on boothbay harbor’s quiet east side you’ll come to our giant statue of “the old lobster fisherman” dressed up in bright yellow oilskins – and you’ll know you’ve arrived at brown’s wharf inn, the harbor’s premier waterfront inn, restaurant and marina!you will love everything about brown’s, from our signature friendly and attentive service, comfortable accommodations, and our easy-access elevator to the second and third levels. rooms are either oceanfront or cove-side, with views of the activity on the water, and feature private balconies/decks, free wi-fi, phones, hd flat screen tvs, heat and air conditioning, and a new electric car charging station. imagine relaxing on the deck while enjoying a panoramic view of the busy harbor and its yachts and fishing boats! and again, for the 2025 season, we offer our guests a complimentary light continental breakfast of our signature home-baked blueberry muffins, bagels, hard-boiled eggs, fresh fruit, yogurt, juice, coffee, and more. 

  


  

 




   

 enjoy here at brown’s wharf inn on the historic east side of boothbay harbor you’ll discover our beautifully maintained, 70-room inn situated right on the water, with plenty of nearby stress-relieving activities for couples and families. brown’s wharf inn is owned and operated by three generations of the brown family, whose only goal is your comfort and enjoyment on a memorable maine coast vacation!  




   



       

look for captain brown at the entrance to our parking lot!


    


  




    


  







   



     

click to call








      



    


 brown's wharf motel and marina121 atlantic avenueboothbay harbor, me 04538800-334-8110207-633-5440  


  

   follow

     








   follow us
 ©
2024 all rights reserved www.brownswharfinn.comreproduction, distribution, republication, and/or retransmission of material contained within this website is prohibited unless the prior written permission of the owners has been obtained.



   web design by kasondera

















































































































  
  share by:








