



pagemanager.com your partner



"your partner
for complete web site development and management"
offers 10-100
megabytes of web space and e-commerce solutions. advantage of 99% up time.
provides you with added convenience, less time and hassle to maintain your
website, more flexibility, increased peace of mind, and greater control
of your internet department.



services 
product summary
feature chart
90 day guarantee
order
form
examples
faq
order
form

over thirty million people around the world
are using the internet already. with over two million new users per month,
the internet is the most cost effective way to advertise and pagemanager.com
is your guide to targeting this global market.


are you missing 30,000,000 customers?  customize
options to maximize exposure and increase profits.

let us be your internet department of your business,
from brainstorming domain names and building web pages to taking orders
for your product.

taking full advantage of the internet's capabilities
requires more than just having a web page. like anything else, the internet
requires a precise plan with objectives, a clear path, and hard work to
reach those objectives. pagemanager.com will help you plan and implement
your strategy.

order now for free setup.

 



.

your success
is our business!
what we will
do for your business:



let us help you market your product
to meet your business goals.

provide internet marketing strategy
to attract more customers to your business

integrate your existing marketing
and advertising strategies with the internet

select the right internet software
and hardware for your needs

investigate various commercial
internet applications that will help your business succeed

provide internet e-mail connections
for customers to reach you

provide analysis of traffic and
visitors to your site

perform web page updates and improvements




 
 
services 
product summary
feature chart
90 day guarantee
order
form
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
web
site packages - summary 
all sites include 24/7 ftp access, cgi-bin, and  90 day satisfaction
guarantee 

the do-it-yourself  site
for personal or business use. we provide you with server space where you
can maintain your web site. resources, and technical support are also available,
but you will avoid the cost of domain name registration. your address will
be http://www.pagemanager.com/yourcompany/. your visitors will be
able to find you just as easily as if you had your own server.  {a
good way to learn the web without spending a bundle.}  since most
web sites require less than 2mb of space, the 5mb included with this option
will give you room to grow.  you can always upgrade.

the do-it-yourself web page
option. a low cost way to try out your business on the internet. 
design your own web site or send your ideas to one of our designers for
an estimate.  add 15 alias e-mail accounts that will forward to you
or your employees current e-mail, a domain name (you@yourdomain.com)
and  more space for your growing web site. 

we help you maintain and market
a web site that you design or transfer from another service provider. includes
the design of one page for your web site. we will provide site update continual
marketing efforts for your company.  other features include unlimited
e-mail accounts and aliases for your employees or friends (you@yoursite.com),
website control panel accessible through the internet, statistical reporting
on site activity, and e-mail autoresponders.

we provide you with reliable
server space, resources, technical help, marketing assistance for your
enterprise including designing and implementing your web site, as well
as marketing assistance.  we even handle the administrative details
of maintaining and updating your web site so  you can concentrate
on growing your business and those things that you do best.  customized
services and support is available.
if you don't see it here, e-mail



and we will develop a package that fits your needs.




examples: 
tigertshirts.com - tiger spirit 
davis tractor parts - ford & massey ferguson

yellow rose realty - land, homes, & 
  vacation cabins 
liga net
farmall tractor parts
animalt.com-wildlife tshirts
wolfshop.com-wolf tshirts
  smoky mountain mansion

