







gary cooper
















































                        home
                      



                        film centennial
                      



                        life & legacy
                      



                        gallery
                      



                        books
                      



                        usc 📽
                      



                        filmography
                      



                        news
                      



                        licensing inquiries
                      



                  welcome
                













                        home
                      



                        film centennial
                      



                        life & legacy
                      



                        gallery
                      



                        books
                      



                        usc 📽
                      



                        filmography
                      



                        news
                      



                        licensing inquiries
                      



                  welcome
                

























           international shipping is now available!
        











 international shipping is now available!










         international shipping is now available! 
      




















































 









    explore the gary cooper film centennial
  















 life & legacy 






featured

























gary cooper






gary cooper was born frank james cooper in helena, montana, one of two sons of an english farmer from bedfordshire, who later became an american lawyer and judge, charles henry cooper (1865-1946), and kent-born alice (née brazier) cooper (1873-1967). his mother hoped for their two sons to receive a better education than that available in montana and arranged for the boys to attend dunstable grammar school in bedfordshire, england between 1910 and 1913.upon the outbreak of world war i, cooper’s mother brought her sons home and enrolled them in a bozeman, montana, high school 
read more →
















featured

























maria cooper janis






maria cooper janis was born in los angeles, california and lived there with her parents, the actor gary cooper and his wife veronica cooper.she followed a painting career in new york and in 1966 married the world renowned concert pianist, byron janis. although mr. janis’ busy schedule has led them all over the world, mrs. janis has enjoyed a successful career as an artist. she pursues her paintings with great energy, exhibiting in the united states as well as europe and asia.
read more →

























quotes from “the coop”people here are funny.  they work so hard at living, they forget how to live.the mind is an attribute of an individual.  there is no such thing as a collective brainhe who loves and runs away, lives to love another dayin westerns you were permitted to kiss your horse but never your girl.i’ve had lines on my face since i was twenty. wind and sun put them there.the only achievement i am really proud of is the friends i have made in this community.



galleryenjoy this iconic hollywood legend's photos captured through his career and home life.please click on the first photo to enjoy the full view and the entire slide show.





































































































































































































































 


to learn more about the life, career and legacy of gary cooper, please enjoy these articles below:



  https://www.tcm.com/tcmdb/person/38681|57207/gary-cooper#overview 

https://www.biography.com/actor/gary-cooper

https://www.thoughtco.com/gary-cooper-biography-4159423

https://www.imdb.com/name/nm0000011/bio














 limited edition books for purchase













look inside gary cooper off camera 


  gary cooper off camera: a daughter remembers 

by maria janis 


introduction by tom hanks


gary cooper (1901-1961) is an american icon-an actor whose handsome features and unstudied poise made him one of the great stars of hollywood’s golden era. now, his only child gives us an extraordinary memoir - a book that reveals the gary cooper only she knew. illustrated throughout with 175 photographs, including many never-before-published family pictures, maria cooper janis’ heartfelt book offers an unprecedented look at her father’s private side, from his montana boyhood and his hollywood home life to his friendships with ernest hemingway, pablo picasso, and jimmy stewart, among others. filled with anecdotes that capture the off-screen humor and warmth of this avid outdoorsman and great humanitarian, gary cooper off camera is an unforgettable portrait of a great star and a beloved father.


purchase a copy of the book & 100% of the proceeds will be donated to the gary cooper endowed fund for student support for indigenous cultures at the university of southern california, school of cinematic arts


limited edition autographed copy

  
    
      
        
          $35.00
        
      
    
  




          book:
        


            select book
          
limited edition autographed copy




quantity:






        
          add to cart
        
      











limited edition personalized & autographed copy

  
    
      
        
          $45.00
        
      
    
  




          book:
        


            select book
          
limited edition personalized & autographed copy




quantity:






        
          add to cart
        
      








 










  gary cooper enduring style


by g. bruce boyer and maria cooper janis  


design by ruth ansel  


introduction by ralph lauren
  


“dressed up like a million-dollar trouper tryin’ hard to look like gary cooper / super duper” – “puttin’ on the ritz,” irving berlin (revised lyrics, 1946)
in 1946, when irving berlin revised the lyrics to his 1928 “puttin’ on the ritz” to include those memorable lines, gary cooper had been a star for over 15 years, and it would have been hard for most men to look as super duper. he conveyed a straightforwardness and an honest, american handsomeness that seemed to both ignore and rise above the contrived glamour and studied posturing that had characterized so many other film heroes of those early years. no matter what costume he put on, he looked like he owned it. the camera loved him, and so did the box office.
  




    purchase from amazon
  

 










  gary cooper american hero


by jeffrey meyers  


the first definitive biography of gary cooper, national icon of the american dream, from one of our most distinguished biographers.

in classic films such as "high noon," gary cooper came to symbolize american ideals of self-reliance, independence, and integrity, but his turbulent private life was often at odds with his squeaky-clean public persona.

the off-screen cooper was anything but simple -- behind gary cooper's american dream facade lay a tempestuous life. as this meticulously researched book tracks his film career in fascinating detail, it tells the parallel tale of his complicated relationships with marlene dietrich and patricia neal (to name only two of many), his involvement with the house un-american activities committee and the hollywood black-list, and his long friendship with ernest hemingway.

with the full cooperation of the actor's daughter as well as such colleagues and close friends as arlene dahl and fay wray, meyers examines every aspect of cooper's life, beginning with his youth in montana where he was a real cowboy before making the leap to hollywood. there he created some of the quintessential screen westerns in movie history -- awkward, honest men who captured america's imagination with an irresistible air of aw-shucks simplicity. gary cooper is a robust portrait of a great star whose contradictions only enhance the artistry with which he created some of the most unforgettable and enduring characters of hollywood's golden age.
  




    purchase from amazon
  

 









the films of gary cooper 

by homer dickens


photographic record of the film career of gary cooper includes synopses, cast listings, and related material on the ninety-two films in which he appeared.


    purchase from amazon
  

 










  high noon – the hollywood blacklist and the making of an american classic 

by glenn frankel


it’s one of the most revered movies of hollywood’s golden age. starring screen legend gary cooper and grace kelly in her first significant movie role, high noon achieved instant box-office and critical success. but what is often overlooked is that high noon was made during the height of the hollywood blacklist, a time of political inquisition and personal betrayal. in the middle of the film shoot, screenwriter carl foreman was called to testify about his former membership in the communist party, facing the painful dilemma of whether to name names or sacrifice his brilliant career. as he pondered what to do, foreman turned his screenplay into a parable about fear, repression and the cost of courage.


high noon: the hollywood blacklist and the making of an american classic (paperback) - autographed copy

  
    
      
        
          $35.00
        
      
    
  





        
          add to cart
        
      








 











  four hollywood legends in world literature: references to bogart, cooper, gable and tracy
 

by henryk hoffmann


henryk hoffmann’s four hollywood legends in world literature: references to bogart, cooper, gable and tracy is an extraordinary resource, grounded in massive research and filled with insights about the way four iconic hollywood figures have inspired and influenced an astonishing range of literary and creative works. in an interview, hoffmann described the qualities that made clark gable, humphrey bogart, gary cooper, and spencer tracy uniquely influential, and the ways that their lives and their work were reflected in books by writers from larry mcmurtry to elmore leonard.


    purchase from amazon
  















university of southern californiaschool of cinematic arts the gary cooper endowed fund for student support for indigenous cultures





































maria cooper janis continues to embrace her father’s legacy with the gary cooper endowed fund for student support for indigenous cultures at the university of southern california, school of cinematic arts.













after gifting a portion of gary cooper collection to the university of southern california, school of cinematic arts, television’s library and archives where students, scholars and researchers are able to study gary cooper’s contributions to cinema, his daughter, maria cooper janis established the gary cooper endowed fund for student support for indigenous cultures in 2005. gary cooper had a passionate respect native americans from his youth in montana and sparked a lifelong interest in indigenous cultures, traveling to their native homes and learning about their specific traditions, culture and lifestyles.this fund provides financial assistance for those students from indigenous cultures who want to pursue a career in the entertainment industry. the gary cooper endowed fund for student support for indigenous cultures is an integral part of sca’s efforts to recruit and educate storytellers from all walks of life to contribute to diversity of storytelling in our classrooms and on our sets. over the past two years, personal items including: personal correspondence, telegrams, studio communications, original stills, notes on movies, (in coop’s own handwriting), set props he saved and a treasure trove of archival family & hollywood photos and film footage as well as other personal furniture and home décor items including artwork from the cooper home in brentwood & holmby hills, california & southampton, new york were sent to usc. some things were sent to auction, the proceeds of which provided a gift to the fund from his daughter maria in the spring of 2021. in april of 2022, an installation of an exclusive exhibition and film screening is planned at usc, school of cinematic arts. the gary cooper exhibition for all to visit and enjoy will remain in place until the fall of 2022.whether a direct donation through the link below or the purchase of maria’s incredible book, a rare and touching tribute to her father, all the proceeds will go directly to the fund for student support for indigenous cultures.to donate please visit cinema.usc.edu/garycooper, and you will receive a tax deductible receipt for your generosity.













you may also purchase gary cooper off camera, a daughter remembers, written by maria cooper janis with intimate & fun family photos, 100% of the book sales will be donated to the gary cooper endowed fund for student support for indigenous cultures.learn about some of the past and current recipients who have received support from this legacy fund.












sonya oberly, film & television production mfa  ’09














dr. chera kee ’06 & ’11, cinema & media studies ma and phd, visual studies graduate certificate ‘10














miranda due, interactive entertainment & international relations ba ’16














carlee kauffman malemute, writing for screen and television mfa  ’16






    view sonya's page
  




    view chera's page
  




    view miranda's page
  




    view carlee's page
  










sequoyah madison, animation and digital arts mfa  ’18














mato standing soldier, cinema and media studies ba ’20














abel contreras iii, production mfa ’22














maracea chase cinema and media studies ba ‘25






    view sequoyahs page
  




    view mato's page
  




    view abel's page
  




    view maracea's page
  















filmographyclick a poster to explore maria cooper janis’ insights and anecdotes on the films






blog

























high noon
































for whom the bell tolls
































casanova brown
































the westerner
































the pride of the yankees
































sergeant york
































mr. deeds goes to town
































morocco
































meet john doe
































desire
































beau geste
































ball of fire
































wings
































vera cruz
































you’re in the navy now
































variety girl
































unconquered
































today we live
































they came to cordura
































the first kiss
































the wreck of the mary deare
































the wolf song
































the winning of barbara worth
































the wedding night
































the virginian
































the texan
































the story of dr. wassell
































the spoilers
































the real glory
































the plainsman






















featured

























the naked edge
































the lives of a bengal lancer
































the legion of the condemned
































the last outlaw
































the hanging tree
































the general died at dawn
































the fountainhead
































the cowboy and the lady
































the court-martial of billy mitchell
































the betrayal
































the adventures of marco polo
































10 north frederick
































task force
































starlift
































springfield rifle
































souls at sea
































seven days’ leave
































saratoga trunk
































return to paradise
































peter ibbetson
































operator 13
































one sunday afternoon
































north west mounted police
































love in the afternoon
































lilac time
































good sam
































fighting caravans
































doomsday
































distant drums
































design for living































newsa collection of seminal articles written about "the coop"...which actors made for the best & worst movie athletes?my father, the blacklist and ‘high noon’daughter of highly decorated wwi veteran turns 90gary cooper's daughter maria is proud of her late dad!maria cooper janis is determined to keep her father's legacy alive!gary cooper found solace in the outdoors, meeting american troops, daughter says: 'it meant the world to him'throwback thursday: gary cooper's style from the golden age of hollywoodgary cooper's quiet journey of faiththe unflappable nonchalance of gary coopergary cooper – gentleman of stylegary copper - the cavalier of the films now appears in a talking version of barrie's "the old lady shows her medals"




    more news
  










































licensing inquiriesfor appearances & interviews with maria cooper janis & licensing inquiries, please contact:bettina l. klingeremail: bettina@collective222.net     phone: 917-930-8654












the gary cooper film centennial














gary cooper, the legacy














gary cooper, the strong silent type














gary cooper, elements of style



 















back to top




 









































instagram







 






 






 






 






 













 













 






 






















for appearances & interviews with maria cooper janis & licensing inquiries, please contact bettina l. klinger at bettina@collective222.net, 917-930-8654; or jerry digney, digney & co. at jerry@digneypr.com, 818-693-1087





join the centennial newsletter
prepare for specialized engagements from maria cooper janis as we await the celebration of gary cooper’s centennial on film! 





first name



last name




email address






sign up




we respect your privacy.
thank you





2024 all rights reserved





cart (0)







