ï»¿



father's rights family law legal self help and information
















































menu



home
about us
father's rights survival guide
advocate plans
support calculation
self representation
contact
blog





the best father's rights 
legal help any dad could ever receive!

attn: dad's! problems with child support, custody, visitation, 
restraining orders?  need step by step help
right now?
 
we have the answers and help you need! 

$115  ****advocate plans basic & lifetime****  $279







				  
need real low 
				cost fathers rights legal help right now?   
				 

				have questions and need answers now? need self help legal 
				info? become a member today! check out the advocate plans! everything you need to 
				know to about self help success in family court.  






 

    1. self help case evaluation

    2. child and spousal support discussion

    3. fathers rights survival guide

    4. e-mail correspondence
no attorney fees 



 
			1. self help case evaluation

			2. child and spousal support discussion

3. fathers rights survival guide

			4. lifetime member correspondence

5. emergency rescue response

6. document review

			7. self representation info.

no attorney fees


 
			1. child support self help discussion

2. learn to calculate child support 

3. includes fathers rights survival guide

4. follow up e-mail for 30 days.
no attorney fees

click here to read more






the truth about pas, narcissistic, bi- polar, adhd and other abusive disorders and syndromes.

the myth of pro bono attorneys and free legal help

why men lose in family court

the 5 biggest mistakes men make in family court

how to use on-line legal information and services

the truth about family court and attorneys

how to win your fathers rights custody case





read actual responses fromsatisfied clients.





click here to stay up to date.





please help us help other fathers by sharing & liking our website today.
share









what are a fathers rights?







good question! what you will probably read on other websites especially attorney and attorney referral websites is: fathers, married or unmarried, have the same basic rights as mothers. fathers have the legal right to file family legal cases involving their children and their property. (click to read more)


how can i find a free pro bono fathers rights attorney?







first of all i want to debunk a huge myth related to family law. in 23 years of fathers rights advocacy i have never met a single pro bono or free fathers right attorney. never! truth is:... (click to read more)


how are a fathers right to child custody & visitation determined?







mediation is mandatory in all states. if the parties are unable to reach a parenting agreement through mediation the court will utilize its own methods of determination and ultimately make the decision for them. the courts overall focus is a standard known as the "best interest of the child."  (click to read more)


how do i find free legal help for (fathers) dads?














i would advise a legal search using fathers rights legal help or some variation. that said, be very careful with the information you get from an internet search. not everything that says fathers rights is fathers rights! (click to read more)


how can fathers gain an advantage in a custody evaluation?







this is a complicated question with a number of possibilities. first, custody evaluations are expensive. ($2000.00 to $5000.00)  that said, either party can request such an evaluation with the expectation they will get a more favorable custody/visitation recommendation written by the evaluator.   (click to read more)


what rights does an unmarried father have if his name is on the birth certificate?






answer: having your name of the child's birth certificate does not instantly convey parental rights. it does give you legal standing to file a court action to determine custody and visitation rights.  (click to read more)


how do you prove a parent unfit?






when divorcing/separating parents cannot agree on custody/visitation matters the usually turn to the court to resolve the issues. initially the parties will allege that the other parent is "unfit". the will state a number incidents/occurrences that usually are irrelevant. (click to read more)


can new boyfriends/girlfriends be prohibited from spending the night or contact with the children?






when parents first separate the court can make temporary orders precluding both parents from having members of the opposite sex spend the night. they can also order that the children are to have no contact with the new boyfriend/girlfriend. (click to read more)


how can fathers gain a more favorable mediation report?







mediation in all states is a prerequisite in all custody/visitation matter before the court. the parties may believe that nothing will be settled in mediation but statistically mediation is very successful nationwide. i have seen reports that say 80 to 90% of cases settle in mediation.   (click to read more)


if i surrender my parental rights do i still have to pay child support? 







generally speaking the answer is yes!  however, there are some possible exceptions!  first of all this question is multifaceted cannot be answered with a simple yes or no!  parental rights and parental obligations are generally linked together but can be separated in certain legal situations.  (click to read more)


how is child support calculated?







child support calculation is generally the same in every state. that said each state has their respective work sheet or software program that calculates the amount of support. each party is required to contribute to the support of their children.  (click to read more)


how to fight false allegations of domestic violence?







unfortunately broken relationships can result in domestic violence incidents. physical abuse is never ok and will impact the outcome of custody case. equally unfortunate is the fact that many women in an attempt to gain an advantage in a pending divorce and/or custody case will make up stories of abuse, acts of violence and threats.  (click to read more)


at what age can a child state which parent they want to live with?







some states have statutes stating at what age a child must be before they can testify as to which parent they prefer to live with full time. some states don't allow children to testify at all. (click to read more)


what can be done to stop parental alienation syndrome?







pas, as it is known, is the systematic and intentional denigration of a parent by the other parent that seeks "alienate" the other parent from the affections of their child. in other words, brainwashing! (click to read more)


how do you stop a mother from breaking the court orders?







when the court makes orders for custody and visitation (or any other order) it presumes that both parties will follow the orders. when one of the parties decides to not follow the order (s) for whatever reason, conflict arises. sometimes there can be an honest mistake made in the interpretation of the orders. (click to read more)


what are the rights of an unmarried father?







the same as a married father however the unmarried father may have to take additional legal steps by filing paperwork with the court to establish paternity and obtain his parental rights. simply signing a birth certificate does not confer parental rights.  (click to read more)


what are my rights if the mother remarries?







both parties have the right to "move on" and form new relationships. however, the step parent has no legal right or obligation to be involved in legal matters related to the divorce and/or other case orders.


how can i stop the mother from moving away to another state?







each state requires that the moving parent notify the non-moving parent within 30 days prior to the move. (some states are 45 days) the non-moving parent must either agree to the move and develop a new parenting plan or file for a hearing opposing the move. 

click here to read more








 


copyright © 1995-2025 fathers rights, inc. all rights reserved. sitemap


 





