






official tours of scotland since 1907 | scottish tours












































home

tours of scotland


tours by attraction

isle of skye
jacobite steam train
whisky
outlander
loch ness
highlands
scotland’s islands
scotland's castles
harry potter



tour by departure point

edinburgh
glasgow
inverness
london


view all our tours



about scotland


welcome to scotland


getting to scotland


scotland travel tips


scotland weather


scotland - a short history


icons and symbols of scotland


famous scots


food and drink


scottish music and dance


50 scottish factoids


language


scotland a to z


scottish musicians, singers and bands




information

booking conditions
frequently asked questions
gift vouchers


scotland places
our blog





 

official sightseeing tours of scotland since 1907












find your tour

date of departure:








depart from:  

edinburgh
glasgow
inverness
london




 search all our tours of scotland 




official scotland tours from edinburgh, glasgow, inverness and london







tours from
edinburgh




tours from
glasgow




tours from
inverness 
                        



tours from
london  
                        










top one day scotland tours








loch ness and the highlands 




                                            price from: £ 59.00  departs from: edinburgh

 view trip details 









stirling castle, loch lomond and the kelpies 




                                            price from: £ 52.00  departs from: edinburgh

 view trip details 









loch ness, glencoe and the highlands 




                                            price from: £ 60.00  departs from: glasgow

 view trip details 









the ultimate skye tour 




                                            price from: £ 125.00  departs from: inverness

 view trip details 







top tours of scotland and scotland vacations








jacobite steam train, skye and the highlands



                                        duration: 4 days  
 price from: £ 790.00  departs from: edinburgh
view tour details 









skye and the scottish highlands



                                        duration: 3 days  
 price from: £ 400.00  departs from: edinburgh and glasgow
view tour details 









edinburgh, loch ness and the highlands



                                        duration: 3 days  
 price from: £ 595.00  departs from: london
view tour details 









hebridean explorer small group tour



                                        duration: 5 days  
 price from: £ 850.00  departs from: edinburgh
view tour details 














scottish tours - the best choice for quality and value for over 100 years.if you are planning to visit scotland then you will find our range of one-day trips, short breaks and luxury escorted tours the best way to see the real scotland - a land of fairytale castles, picturesque lochs and spectacular scenery including the world famous jacobite steam train used in the filming of harry potter.our city and scotland tours depart from edinburgh, glasgow, inverness and london. our tours of scotland are the perfect way to explore the real scotland and convenient too with daily departures on the most popular scottish highland tours. we select the routes and tour guides.with scottish tours you can choose to visit loch ness and inverness or stirling castle and loch lomond - both popular one-day trips of scotland. or why not travel further afield, on one of our short break tours. the magical isle of skye and eliean donan castle, the remote yet picturesque surroundings of the applecross peninsula and nature watching in a lonely highland glen are just some of the delights that await you when you choose a short break tour with scottish tours.our extended range of sightseeing tours of scotland is the most comprehensive available. you can select your scottish tour confident in the knowledge that the widest possible choice of tours of scotland has to offer.

scotland tours from london by trainfor a different scotland tour experience check out our exciting range of scottish train tours. speed comfortably from london by express train to visit our great cities of edinburgh or glasgow. then tour scotland by luxury coach to visit inverness, the isle of skye or even scotland's far north coast! all in one convenient package.view our scotland tours from londonscotland and ireland toursour enhanced selection of scotland and ireland tours. explore all that is best about these close neighbours on one great tour!much of scotland can be explored on a comfortable tour from edinburgh or glasgow. and there is only one way to see scotland - with scottish tours.









scotland's must see destinations











isle of skye



the isle of skye offers some of scotland’s most spectacular scenery. see the cullins and visit the fairy pools.  

see our tours of skye







loch ness



scotland's largest expanse of water is shroud in the mystery of  'nessie' - the loch ness monster. 

see our tours of loch ness







jacobite steam train



travel aboard the real hogwarts express to see mountains, lochs and, of course, the famous glenfinnan viaduct.

view jacobite train tours







outlander



follow in claire and jamie’s time-travelling footsteps on our outlander tours.

see our outlander tours







scotch whisky



whisky (whiskey) takes its name from the gaelic for ‘water of life’.  malt or blended scotch is the world leader.  visit distilleries in islay and speyside.

see our scottish whisky tours







scotland's islands



 their natural beauty takes your breath away. local prehistoric treasures and native wildlife are fascinating and rewarding.

see our scottish islands tours







highlands



steeped in history and legend, the spectacular highlands of scotland, are one of the last unspoilt regions of europe.

see our scottish highlands tours







castles



scotland’s many historic castles and palaces are just waiting to be explored.

see our tours featuring castles







harry potter



whether you’ve watched the entire series or are travelling with kids in tow, get to know the world’s favourite wizard on an exclusive tour. go to famous filming locations with a harry potter day tour or extended harry potter tour from edinburgh, inverness, glasgow and london. 

view our harry potter tours 
















you must supply your name.
you must supply your email address.
please enter your question. it can not contain links.


name:




email:




your question:



  submit a question 




quality sightseeing since 1907
for over 100 years we've been making touring scotland a quality experience for visitors from all over the world. over the years our scottish tours have been chosen by many thousands of travellers who want to tour scotland in comfort and style.
scottish tours has a long and distinguished pedigree and we are proud to include the famed names of scottish motor traction, scottish omnibuses and eastern scottish as part of our heritage. 
today we continue to offer our clients the highest standards of service and the very best value. you can tour scotland with scottish tours confident in the knowledge that no one has more experience.
tour scotland with scottish tours. discover the highlights of scotland on a tour to loch ness, the scottish highlands, skye and loch lomond.










travel with confidence abta approved travel providerscottish tours is a member of abta. when you book with an abta member you can expect high service standards, fair terms of trading and accurate information. abta’s strict joining criteria for members, code of conduct, customer helpline and approved adr scheme to resolve complaints are all there to give you confidence and peace of mind when booking your travel arrangements. for more information see www.abta.com










discover the real scotland
 scotland tours from edinburgh, glasgow,  inverness and london
privacy policy |
contact us |
booking conditions
     
© 2025 scottish tours | abta membership no: p7043

    








































