




newport beach hotels | newport channel inn | lodging 


















menu



home
guest rooms
faq
map & directions
reservations
contact us

check out our newport  beach
visitor guide!

days at the beach
nights on the town
restaurants
shopping
special events
disneyland® resort
other attractions
something for everyone
newport beach map tour



 
newport channel inn
  6030 w. coast hwy
  newport beach, ca 92663

phone: (949) 642-3030
  fax: (949) 650-2666
 



 


newport channel inn




 


        welcome to 
newport channel inn 
 
selected by tripadvisor as the "top value!" 
      rated hotel in newport beach, california
 room reservations
949 642-3030 or 800 255-8614

click here check our availability calendar.
        if
      no availability online then please call the hotel directly. 
 

newport
        channel inn delivers it all…
        beach location, friendly service, and 
        quality accommodations at an affordable rate! 
 
very
        conveniently located within steps of one of the travel
          channel's "top
          10" beaches in the usa, the newport channel inn welcomes
            you to newport beach! 

the 
          caring and friendly staff at this very popular inn will tend to your every comfort, with a personalized and endearing 
        style. the tastefully appointed guest rooms are designed 
        with your comfort in mind, with the amenities you need 
      for a relaxing and memorable stay in newport beach, all at a surprisingly affordable price! 
 
our beach is excellent with sparkling white sand and nicely shaped waves.  it is one of the best beaches in california.  when you are ready to hit the beach, plenty of beach towels and a good supply of boogie boards, beach chairs and umbrellas are available to borrow at no cost to our guests!  just use the cross walk at the corner, and when you return there is a place to rinse the beach sand off near the office.  surfboard and bike rental shops are just up the sidewalk.  you can walk to lots of good restaurants too!
 
newport 
        channel inn is the perfect base for your vacation adventure. 
        the glistening waters of newport harbor, the balboa 
          fun zone, catalina island ferry, harbor cruises, boat rentals, 
          balboa island, bicycling, kayaking, sport fishing, whale watching, 
          golf, world-class dining, entertainment and shopping, and our famous sandy beaches are but a few of newport beach's 
        many offerings! 
 
disneyland® park and disney's california adventure™ park are just minutes away.  to
        make the most of your vacation/budget, we can also save you money
        with discounts to knott’s,
          magic mountain, universal studios, catalina island ferry, newport
          harbor cruises, sport fishing, whale watching, legoland,
        and many other local attractions.        
 
with 
        our low prices and excellent beach location the newport 
          channel inn is your best value for newport beach hotels.
 
come for the fun, and stay for the service! 
 
click here to read about our ada accessibility, assistance and equipment
 

covid-19 notice
 
here is some  covid19 information about what we are doing for the safety of our guests and  our team members and what to expect during your stay: 
 
we are  following the cdc, state and local government regulations and the hotel  association guidelines to help make your stay clean and safe.  these include a specific plan for our  location, daily health checks for our staff, all rooms carefully cleaned with  cdc approved sanitizing disinfectants, replacing all linens and amenity soaps  after checkouts, face masks for all staff, hand sanitizer available, plexi-glass  separation in office, regular sanitizing of touchable areas throughout the  hotel, social distancing, housekeeping not entering guestrooms during stay, and  much more.  as conditions change we will  continue to adjust and adapt to bring you the best possible experience.  
 
all of our  rooms have a direct outdoor entry so you can safely access your room without  mingling inside shared enclosed hallways or elevators with other guests. 
 
the beach is  open and we have beach towels and beach gear available to borrow, just use the  crosswalk at the stoplight to walk over to the beach. several nearby restaurants  are open and offering outdoor dining.
 
we are excited  to be able to welcome you and are looking forward to seeing you soon!
 

 you may call us directly at 949 642-3030
 
e-mail
        us at innkeeper@newportchannelinn.com
      we try to answer our e-mails within 24 - 72 hours.
  be
        sure to include the dates you are interested in and the number of
      people in your group.
 
newport channel inn
        6030 w. coast hwy
        newport beach, ca   92663 
newport beach california hotels & lodging



 


copyright newport channel inn | photos courtesy nbcvb
newport beach hotels and lodging | web development by webconsuls






