 trmm 

































   +
                                            nasa homepage





















 
































this website has been superseded by gpm.nasa.gov as of dec. 2018 and is being kept online for archival purposes.

  all information on this website represents the state of the mission as of that time, so some of the information is out of date. please visit gpm.nasa.gov for the latest nasa precipitation measurement missions information. 
  
  the trmm mission ended in 2015 and final trmm multi-satellite precipitation analyses (tmpa, product 3b42/3b43) data processing ended with december 31, 2019. tmpa was replaced by imerg, which covers both the trmm and gpm eras.
  
  please contact us if you have any additional questions.
  



the tropical rainfall measuring mission (trmm) is a joint mission between nasa and the japan aerospace exploration (jaxa) agency to study rainfall for weather and climate research. the trmm satellite stopped collecting data on april 15, 2015. launched in late november 1997, with a design lifetime of 3 years, the trmm  satellite  produced over 17 years of valuable scientific data. trmm carried 5 instruments: a 3-sensor rainfall suite (pr, tmi, virs) and 2 related instruments (lis and ceres). trmm delivered a unique 17-year dataset of global tropical rainfall and lightning. the trmm dataset became the space standard for measuring precipitation, and led to research that improved our understanding of tropical cyclone structure and evolution, convective system properties, lightning-storm relationships, climate and weather modeling, and human impacts on rainfall. the data also supported operational applications such as flood and drought monitoring and weather forecasting.


trmm reentry assessment (pdf file)

(6/3/2015) frequently asked questions about trmm spacecraft re-entry .
 






 





 
friday december 21, 2018
gpm examines weakening tropical cyclone kenanga
 tropical cyclone kenanga has started to weaken as predicted. the gpm core observatory satellite had an excellent view of
kenanga on december 20, 2018 at 1454 utc when the tropical cyclone's maximum sustained winds had decreased to about
 90 kts (103.5 mph). that gpm pass also showed that the eye that was so prominent a day earlier had
filled. data collected by the satellite's  microwave imager (gmi) and gpm's dual-frequency precipitation radar (dpr) instruments
revealed through the overcast that powerful storms south of kenanga's center of circulation were still producing very heavy rainfall. 
gpm's radar (dpr ku band) data indicated that kenanga was dropping rain at the extreme rate of over 214 mm (8.4 inches) per hour in
that part of the storm. data collected by gpm's instruments also revealed that convective rainfall had  decreased significantly in the northern half of the tropical cyclone.
  
  

 

this simulated 3-d view  of tropical cyclone kenanga, looking toward the southwest,  was derived from gpm's radar (dpr ku band) data. this image of  kenanga's rainfall
structure shows that  extremely powerful storms south of kenanga's deteriorating eye wall were returning very strong reflectivity values to the satellite.  gpm's radar probes revealed that storm tops in the remaining intact eyewall on the western side of the tropical cyclone were reaching 
heights above 12.7 km (7.9 miles).

 


gpm is a joint mission between nasa and the japanese space agency jaxa.

images and captions produced by hal pierce (ssai/nasa gsfc)  
 
 








 wednesday december 19, 2018
tropical cyclone's extreme rainfall measured by gpm 


 

on december 18, 2018 at 1504 utc the gpm core observatory satellite flew above powerful tropical cyclone kenanga in the south-west indian ocean. tropical cyclone kenanga's most distinctive feature was it's large eye. at the time of this gpm pass kenanga's maximum sustained wind speeds were  about 90 kts (104 mph).  this  analysis of the tropical cyclone's rainfall 
was derived from data collected by gpm's microwave imager (gmi) and gpm's dual-frequency precipitation radar (dpr) instruments.
gpm clearly showed the extreme rainfall in kenanga's well defined circular eyewall. the heaviest rainfall
was found by gpm in the tropical cyclone's southeastern quadrant.  gpm's radar (dpr ku band)  measured precipitation there
falling at a rate of over 161 mm (6.3 inches) per hour on that side of the tropical cyclone.   
 
  



 this 3-d animation shows the estimated relative heights of storms within tropical cyclone kenanga. these heights are
based on measurements by the gpm satellite's radar (dpr ku band) blended with estimates from  the himawari-8 satellite's infrared temperatures. gpm's radar probes of  kenanga's eastern side indicated that storm tops in that part of the tropical cyclone were
reaching heights above 12.2 km (7.6 miles). 

 tropical cyclone kenanga's wind speeds recently peaked at about 115 kts (132 mph). kenanga is now expected
to gradually weaken as the tropical cyclone moves toward the southwest over progressively cooler sea surface temperature. 

 click here 
to see a 1280x720 (quicktime) 3-d flyby animation.

 
 click here 
to see a 1280x720 (mpeg)  3-d flyby animation.

 


gpm is a joint mission between nasa and the japanese space agency jaxa.

images and captions produced by hal pierce (ssai/nasa gsfc)  
 
 








 
 monday december 17, 2018
gpm satellite sees tropical cyclones in both hemispheres  
on december 16, 2018 the gpm core observatory satellite passed over tropical cyclones in both the northern and southern hemispheres. 
this image shows rainfall derived from the satellite's microwave imager (gmi) instrument.  gpm flew over tropical cyclone phethai in the bay of bengal first at about 1507 utc. then about seven minutes later gpm passed directly above intensifying tropical cyclone kenanga in the south indian ocean. 
  
  
  

 

 a close-up  analysis of rainfall around tropical cyclone kenanga is shown here.  data from gpm's microwave imager (gmi) and  dual-frequency precipitation radar (dpr) were used in this analysis. the lighter strip indicates the area covered by  gpm's radar (dpr ku band). dpr found that a powerful storm northeast of kenanga's center of circulation was dropping rain at a rate of over 119 mm (4.7 inches) per hour.  

 

 

   



  this 3-d animation used gpm's radar to  show  the structure of precipitation within tropical cyclone kenanga. this simulated flyby around kenanga shows storm tops that were reaching heights above 13.5 km (8.4 miles).

 click here 
to see a 1280x720 (quicktime) 3-d flyby animation.

 
 click here 
to see a 1280x720 (mpeg)  3-d flyby animation.

 


gpm is a joint mission between nasa and the japanese space agency jaxa.

images and captions produced by hal pierce (ssai/nasa gsfc)  
 
 








 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 google earth downloads (compatible with google earth 7.0.2.8415 12/13/2012) content updated:  

 











 

  
+
              nasa privacy, security, notices


curator: jacob reed

             nasa official: george huffman 
june 30, 2022
           



















        alt="goddard space flight center home page">
      



