








fadec – full authority digital engine controls for turbine engines – electronic concepts & engineering, inc. (ece)

















































home
about us

company overview
electronic engineering services
iso 9001 / as9100 certificate (pdf)
employment opportunities


capabilities

electronic design
software design
control system modeling
pcb design
mechanical design
environmental
prototyping / manufacturing
additional services


industry expertise

military / aerospace
automotive / truck
industrial / commercial


expertise examples

fadec development
vehicle ecu design
bldc motor control
hybrid vehicle controllers
transmission controllers
turbine engine controls
model-based design
embedded system design
do-254 design and review
rohs and obsolescence
hil simulators
pcb thermal scanning
pcb optical inspection station


news
contact ece

search





menu



 






fadec – full authority digital engine controls for turbine engines
electronic concepts & engineering has developed full authority digital engine controls or fadecs for turbine engines, flight qualified engine monitoring electronics, and turbine engine control simulation systems.
our extensive experience in fadec turbine engine control system design and development includes:

electronic circuitry design
fadec enclosure design (ruggedized)
controller emi/environmental testing and qualification
software-hardware integration and bench testing
system integration and engine test support
generating control system specifications
control algorithm development
real-time fadec software development

in addition to fadec development, we have also developed flight qualified turbine engine monitoring systems and real-time hardware in-the-loop (hil) engine simulators.  the hil systems were developed for darpa, lockheed martin, raytheon, and the us air force and have been used on the jassm and tactom programs and are deployed at wright patterson labs.
jassm missile turbine engine fadec
they simulate the operational characteristics of the propulsion system over the flight envelope, thus allowing validation of the engine controller and accessories without performing expensive engine (or flight) testing.
we have the ability to provide embedded real-time software, documented to iec 12207, mil-std-498, or customer standards.  in addition to the real-time embedded software, we routinely develop p.c. based operator interface software that allows the operator to control, test, status, reprogram, and log data from the embedded product.
our product developments include features such as built-in-test (bit), diagnostics, and prognostics.
our designs typically integrate modern communication busses such as can (iso 11898), ethernet, usb, 802.11, mil-1553, as well as others.  we have implemented can over fiber optics for high voltage/high current applications for emi immunity.
in addition to fadec development, we have the ability to provide design analysis and documentation such as reliability analysis (mil-hdbk-217), finite element analysis (subcontracted), failure modes and effects analysis, sneak circuit analysis, interface control documents, qualification test plans and reports, to name a few.
digital engine control for military application
we typically take responsibility for product validation and qualification testing per the customer’s specification.  tests normally are performed to faa or military standards including mil-std-810 and mil-std-461.  depending on the type of testing, and the levels required, we may perform the testing in-house or use an established network of testing labs.
typical qualification testing for a fadec includes: corrosive atmosphere (salt fog), salt water immersion, high/low temperature, temperature shock, humidity, vibration, shock, altitude, explosive atmosphere, fungus, acceleration, emi suite, and electro static discharge (esd) to name several.  in addition to the qualification testing, we have the ability to perform highly accelerated life testing (halt), highly accelerated stress screening (hass), and environmental stress screening (ess) in house.  ess (shake and bake) is usually required on each deliverable unit to reduce infant mortality.
for a fadec overview, visit wikipedia.

ece expertise
fadec – full authority digital engine controls for turbine enginesvehicle ecu design and developmentmatlab® and simulink® model-based designembedded system design and developmentdo-254 design and reviewturbine engine control systemstransmission control design and developmenthybrid vehicle controls design and developmentrohs and obsolescence redesignhardware-in-the-loop (hil) simulatorsbrushless dc motor controlpcb thermal scanningpcb optical inspection station

ece turbine engine control fadec have been used to control engines by:

hamilton sundstrand
teledyne
rolls-royce
technical directions
noel penny
allison engine company
among others


   

contact ece
call: (419) 861-9000 x114
email: ece_sales@eceinc.com
1465 timberwolf drive, 
holland, oh 43528





©  electronic concepts & engineering, inc. holland, ohio. all rights reserved.
twitterlinkedinfacebookgplus



























scroll to top





