












home

























           



       home



  sign petition



  about us



  sedan opera house



  gallery



  our events



  contact us



  eshop





    

 







     

book now





 





         


         
the emmett kelly historical museum will announces new event.
see
our events page..
we welcome our visitors and ask that you please follow the updated kansas covid-19 guidelines. please read them at the following link. the safety and health for you and our attendants and staff is our priority. 
hours: tuesday - friday, 10 am - 12 pm / 1 pm - 5 pm.  saturday's 10 am - 4 pm. covid-19 kansas guidelineshttps://governor.kansas.govannouncing: 
the emmett kelly historical museum's participation in the passport program in association with the southeast kansas museum alliance. stop in any one of the participating museums to get your guide to southeast kansas adventure and history,you can visit 34 participating museums to qualify for cash prize drawing according to the level of visits to participating museums. pick up and consult your free, passport guide for rules and regulations.    click, "our events" tab for more. ways to give;   by mail; check or money order send to: emmett kelly museum ~ 202 e main st, ~  sedan, kansas 67361 by using the donation button below.(click on the humanities kansas button below to go to their website.)   


 







   experience the magic of history firsthand                                    historical exhibits for the whole family 



   
emmett kelly sr. born in sedan, kansas december 9, 1898experience his early  lifegrowing up .discover how he became the worlds greatest circus clown.the original, "wearie willy" circus cown
 
      the historicsedan opera house the museum is located in the sedan opera house. a place emmett knew. listed as a  kansas historic site and place.
 
historical exhibits experience the times, people , and multiple historical artifacts throughout the building
 
  open seasonally the museum is officially open from the tuesday before memorial weekend through the friday before labor day weekendtuesday - friday10:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.saturdays10:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m.no cover fee butdonations are greatfully appreciated


    




   



    




   


 
  

to our event calendar





  


   



   
thank you!
 
 
      




    

  story time with boppo





    




    





     




    




    




    





     






view more


 thank you!


       

 

 

 







    




   









      newsletter subscribe to our newsletter for all the latest news.   

sign up now




    202 east main st, sedan ks 67361-1129, united states 
|  copyright © all rights reserved.
 
    

 

 

 

 








    created with















































































































  
  share by:










