



  



international power technology - cheng cycle cogeneration plants 





















































search






international power technology


navigation
skip to primary content
ipt home page
history of ipt
cheng cycle technology

cheng cycle know-how
patents


ipt nozzle steam

nozzle steam overview


operations

contract services


field service

contract services


engine lease and sales

allison engine


ipt projects

ipt projects


worldwide installations

501 kh cheng cycle


ipt library

reprints
cheng cycle development
ipt nozzle steam
allison engine


contact us
 










ipt home page



allison 501k gas turbine and steam injection experts
 
international power technology’s services include:

turnkey operations, maintenance and management of power plants with gas turbine or reciprocating engine prime movers.
allison (rolls-royce) 501kb, kb5, kb7 and kh engine repairs and service.
ipt nozzle steam systems.
allison (rolls royce) 501-k(x) engine inspections, troubleshooting and overhaul management.
distributed generation project development.
complete power plant emergency and field services on a 24-7 basis.
consulting and project financial analysis.
oem and pma parts sales.
501-kb5 and 501-kh engine sales, rental and leasing.
power plant equipment supply.

 
international power technology (ipt) was formed in 1974 to develop gas turbine steam injection technology. the allison model 501-k industrial engine was the perfect candidate. in 1983, under a joint development agreement with detroit diesel allison (now rolls-royce/allison), ipt co-developed the steam injected allison 501-kh gas turbine, subsequently called the 501-kh cheng cycle. ipt has authored over 48 u.s. and international patents and has accumulated over 1,500,000 hours of power plant operations experience. additionally, ipt has been involved in the design and development of scores of projects around the world which were developed by ipt’s licensees.
the first cheng cycle power plant, located at san jose state university, was developed, owned, and operated by ipt at the time of its construction in 1984. the san jose cogeneration project is currently operational and is approaching 250,000 hours of continuous operations. the cheng cycle spec 935 was subsequently developed by allison after the san jose project was built.
between 1985 and 1990, ipt developed five additional cheng cycle plants. during this period of project development, ipt refined and perfected its know-how by way of constant feedback from the plants it was operating, as well as from the joint development efforts between ipt and allison gas turbines. design improvements included case steam injection, nozzle steam injection, boiler cold end design, lubrication system, and steam purity, among others.
between 1991 and 1994, ipt performed service evaluations and testing in conjunction with allison gas turbines at ipt’s sri power plant location, resulting in significant improvements to the allison product line. ipt service evaluations included: 1st stage turbine tbc vanes, le3.x combustion liners, turbine 1st stage blade materials and coatings, turbine lab seals, and nozzle and case steam injection.
during the 1990’s, ipt’s focus was targeted towards cheng cycle product licensing, engineering, and operations and maintenance of power plants. ipt’s licensees during this period were:

us turbine in north america
detco in australia
voest-alpine (elin) in europe
hitachi zosen and khi in japan.

ipt’s licensees around the world continued developing cheng cycle power plants thereafter and today there are over 130 cheng cycle installations worldwide.
ipt has accumulated in excess of 1.5 million hours of operations experience operating co-generation power plants utilizing the rolls-royce/allison 501-k gas turbine as a prime mover. this level of qualification and experience is unsurpassed in the industry.
headquartered in san jose, california, ipt’s primary business today is operations and maintenance of power plants, engineering, parts sales, field service, project development, and 501-k engine sales and leasing.
 
click here for an ipt statement of qualifications



power plant equipment marketplace



click here for power plant parts and equipment currently available for sale or lease


added march 28, 2013:
power plant for sale (northern california) –  sold





click here for printable o&m line card
(pdf format – 793kb)
take a virtual power plant tour
international power technology
1042 w. hedding, suite 100
san jose, ca 95126
(408) 246-9040
(408) 246-9036 fax










ipt home page - www.intpower.com

international power technology copyright © 
							   2000-.  all rights reserved.  web design by turley designs.
							

									this page was last updated thursday september 27th, 2018								



search






 
 










