













royersford pa apartments for rent | walnut crossing












































































350 brooke drive, royersford, pa 19468
 










directions
877.604.8121
877.655.7176
 


















primary menu apply online

apply online
rental qualifying standards & fee schedule


floor plans & availability
features

features
faq
pet policy
download brochure


corporate apartments
gallery

gallery
virtual tours


contact

contact
directions

neighborhood




about us

about us
join our team


residents

pay rent
resident portal
get started
homebody
resident referral


 














one, two and three bedroom apartments in royersford 
							view virtual tours 

 















royersford, pa apartments for rent at walnut crossing







award winner | the keystone awards 2024
leasing, maintenance & overall excellence







award winner | the keystone awards 2024
leasing, maintenance & overall excellence






apartments & townhomes in convenient location
situated on 43 beautifully landscaped acres just northwest of collegeville, walnut crossing offers townhomes and apartments in royersford, pa that are central to the area’s major corporate and pharmaceutical centers. located just minutes from the pennsylvania turnpike, schuylkill expressway, and route 422, this unique royersford rental community offers beautifully designed floor plans and easy access to the many attractions the area has to offer.  walnut crossing is near a variety of shopping malls and business centers in king of prussia, corporate centers in wayne, the valley forge casino and conference center, and the recreational facilities of historic valley forge national park and the schuylkill valley park. at walnut crossing we even offer short term furnished rentals for those who need a temporary home away from home.
top notch management team
walnut crossing is owned and managed by the klein company, whose reputation for excellence in apartment management has been earned by combining skilled management teams with a company-wide emphasis on customer service. as a klein community, walnut crossing assures its residents the highest standards of quality and responsive, caring property management.
looking for royersford, pa apartments for rent? schedule your tour of walnut crossing apartments and townhomes today.





contact us today





floor plans &
availability
1
featuring one, two, and three bedroom floor plans, discover the perfect royersford, pa apartment that fits all of your needs. our spacious walnut crossing townhomes include private covered patios or balconies, cozy wall-to-wall carpeting, and expansive windows for lots of natural lighting. our living rooms feature a beautiful inviting gas fireplace that you’ll want to spend all winter snuggled near. our gourmet kitchens include whirlpool energy efficient appliances, and some unites even include a large breakfast bar and eat-in space. other optional features include beautiful cathedral ceilings to really open up the space so you’ll never feel cramped and will enjoy your living space.
our well-lit townhome apartment community in royersford is beautifully landscaped in a lovely country setting with ample parking for our residents. walnut crossing also has a new clubhouse with complimentary wi-fi, coffee bar and lounge in addition to a well-equipped fitness center. you’ll love relaxing by our resort-style swimming pool or hitting up the tennis courts with friends. our great location also making us convenient to major highways and an easy commute to major employees looking for corporate housing near royersford and king of prussia. we are also nearby wonderful shopping and dining at the philadelphia premium outlets. you’ll love the convenience of living at walnut crossing. call us today and schedule a tour and see for yourself!





view floor plans





royersford apartments with luxury amenities
1
look no further than walnut crossing for beautiful royersford apartments with luxury amenities in a lovely country setting. our townhomes include a full-size washer and dryer in-home expansive kitchens with energy efficient whirlpool appliances, ample closet storage space, individually controlled heating and air conditioning, and individual private entryways. our fireplaces are a wonderful feature of our living rooms perfect for decorating and making the space your own. our apartment community near phoenixville, pa features luxury amenities as well, from a recreational area with a shimmering resort-style swimming pool, to awesome tennis courts and a playground to enjoy during the warmer months. we also have an awesome clubhouse to kick back in front of our beautiful gas fireplace and enjoy our complimentary coffee bar and free wi-fi. you’ll love living at walnut crossing and will feel right at home in no time, and bring your feline friends along, we are cat-friendly!





view amenities





apply online for a
walnut crossing apartment
interested in one of our royersford apartments? apply now for an apartment townhome!





apply online





questions about our
royersford apartments?
chat one-on-one with a klein representative about walnut crossing today.





start live chat





klein apartment
community map
check out other great klein apartment & townhouse communities throughout pennsylvania.





view map












get in touch
1






address
350 brooke drive
royersford, pa 19468
get directions






phone
877.604.8121877.655.7176






office hours
mon, tues, fri 9:00 am – 6:00 pm
wed & thurs 9:00 am – 7:00 pm
saturday 10:00 am – 5:00 pm
sunday 12:00 pm – 5:00 pm




 























 






walnut crossing           350 brooke drive, royersford, pa 19468           877.604.8121       accessibility        privacy policy





 





walnut crossing
    350 brooke drive, royersford, pa 19468
   877.655.7176
accessibility        privacy policy






 





© 2025 the klein company











































