



iain nicolson audubon center at rowe sanctuary







































 





 

central flyway 

nebraska 



visit our online store
shop now 






      iain nicolson audubon center at rowe sanctuary    





















book your visit! 

donate now 










visit 

crane season 

crane cam 

fall crane viewing 



news 

events 

education 

school & youth groups 

kids & families 

summer camps 



birds & conservation 

birds of rowe sanctuary 

platte river management 

prairie management 

bird-friendly communities 

flora & fauna 



about us 

stewardship board 

staff 

volunteers - vicnet 



how to help 

volunteering 

careers 

found an injured animal? 

community science 








type in your search and hit enter on desktop or hit go on mobile device
















celebrating 50 years 
join us for a weekend celebrating 50 years of conservation!






sandhill cranes photo: jack eichner/audubon photography awards






guided crane experience
guided photography experience
overnight photography experience
group tours
travel to kearney
crane season events









what's new

recent news and articles







what's coming up

events calendar







2025 crane viewing reservations: online reservations open jan 8, 2025 at 9 am cst.  
 
our mission
the national audubon society protects birds and the places they need, today and tomorrow. audubon's rowe sanctuary is a 3,000 acre nature sanctuary located along the platte river in south-central nebraska. rowe sanctuary works to conserve and restore the platte river ecosystem, focusing on cranes, other wildlife, and their habitats for the benefit of humanity and the earth's biological diversity. 
our trails are open daily from dawn-dusk- look for signage to indicate the trailhead location. pets on a leash are only allowed in the parking lot and in a designated pet exercise are east of the parking lot. no pets are allowed on the trails.
visit

the visitor center hours are tuesday-saturday 10:00 am-5:00 pm. we are closed most holidays.  admission is free.  
our trails are open daily from dawn to dusk. look for signage to indicate the trailhead location. pets on a leash are only allowed in the parking lot and in a designated pet exercise area south of the parking lot. no pets are allowed on the trails.

seasonal hours: feb 19th through april 12th
			visitor’s center open 9:00 am - 5:00 pm, every day of the week
			​trails are open 9:00 am - 4:00 pm


for directions, click here.






birds at rowe sanctuary










sandhill crane

                                              latin: 
                        antigone canadensis











 








northern bobwhite

                                              latin: 
                        colinus virginianus











 








belted kingfisher

                                              latin: 
                        megaceryle alcyon











 








bobolink

                                              latin: 
                        dolichonyx oryzivorus











 








whooping crane

                                              latin: 
                        grus americana











 








least tern

                                              latin: 
                        sternula antillarum











 








piping plover

                                              latin: 
                        charadrius melodus











 








bald eagle

                                              latin: 
                        haliaeetus leucocephalus











 












          iain nicolson audubon center at rowe sanctuary facebook        



          iain nicolson audubon center at rowe sanctuary instagram        







how you can help, right now








become a volunteer

volunteers are critical to the operations at the iain nicolson audubon center at rowe sanctuary.  take a look at our volunteer opportunities and consider joining this incredible team.

get involved 











make a gift today

your generous support helps to ensure that sandhill cranes and other wildlife that depend on the platte river will have this wonderful resource for years to come.

donate 











rowe sanctuary's online gift shop

our gift shop has a wide variety of items and your purchase supports our conservation efforts along the platte river in south-central nebraska.

click here 


















spread the word. it’s the least you can do.















stay abreast of audubon
our email newsletter shares the latest programs and initiatives.

 






 the national audubon society protects birds and the places they need, today and tomorrow.
iain nicolson audubon center at rowe sanctuary focuses on conservation of the platte river ecosystem and the birds that rely on it.





              home            



              news            



              visit            



              events            



              education            



              birds and conservation            



              crane season            



              about us            







              join the national audubon society            



              give a gift membership            



              renew membership            



              monthly giving            



              donate to national audubon            



              audubon marketplace            



              online store            



              audubon near you            









          national audubon society          

legal notices privacy policy contact us: 308-468-5282 | rowesanctuary@audubon.org | 44450 elm island road, gibbon, ne 68840 















