






vermont genealogy - vermont genealogy

























































skip to content 





 




menu 
addison
lamoille
 








vermont genealogy 

vermont genealogy is being developed as a genealogical and historical resource for your personal use. it contains information and records for vermont ancestry, family history, and genealogy. specifically, it provides sources for birth records, death records, marriage records, census records, tax records, court records, and military records. it also provides some historical details about different times and people in vermont history.
vermont genealogy

addison county vermont genealogy
lamoille county vermont genealogy


 
moretown vermont annual report 1957




					this is the 1957 annual report for the town of moretown, vermont. beyond serving as a resource for tracing your family history, a town report offers a valuable snapshot of social history over a one-year period. it can provide…				

read more


 
moretown vermont annual report 1956




					this is the 1956 annual report for the town of moretown, vermont. beyond serving as a resource for tracing your family history, a town report offers a valuable snapshot of social history over a one-year period. it can provide…				

read more


 
moretown vermont annual report 1955




					this is the 1955 annual report for the town of moretown, vermont. beyond serving as a resource for tracing your family history, a town report offers a valuable snapshot of social history over a one-year period. it can provide…				

read more


 
moretown vermont annual report 1950




					this is the 1950 annual report for the town of moretown, vermont. beyond serving as a resource for tracing your family history, a town report offers a valuable snapshot of social history over a one-year period. it can provide…				

read more


 
moretown vermont annual report 1943




					this is the 1943 annual report for the town of moretown, vermont. beyond serving as a resource for tracing your family history, a town report offers a valuable snapshot of social history over a one-year period. it can provide…				

read more


 
moretown vermont annual report 1942




					this is the 1942 annual report for the town of moretown, vermont. beyond serving as a resource for tracing your family history, a town report offers a valuable snapshot of social history over a one-year period. it can provide…				

read more



vermont history
connecticut river bridges

connecticut river bridges in vermont
first bridge across saxtons river
how colonel enoch hale lost the toll bridge

connecticut river navigation

navigation of the connecticut river
dams built by beavers in this vicinity
canals of the connecticut river
boating on the connecticut river
james mulligan’s steamer

mail and stage history

the first post roads and first post riders through bellows falls
first post offices established in rockingham and bellows falls in 1801
stages over the forest line
otis bardwell and dan arms

military history

the massacre at westminster, vermont
windham county rebellion
military matters of bellows falls and rockingham
interesting militia records of chesterfield, nh
rockingham companies which took part in battles of the revolution
celebrating the centennial of the battle of bennington
vermont and new hampshire near to civil war

native american history

the last abenaqui chief at bellows falls, vermont
indian faces on the rocks
indian fishing rights

railroad history

first railroads built into bellows falls
racing railroad trains
rutland railroad sold for $22 in 1855

historical sketches of early vermont

a bird’s footprint in rock at the falls
english scouting parties in the connecticut valley
earliest settlements in rockingham and surrounding towns
the earliest events of importance to bellows falls and vicinity
court house and jail at chester for cumberland county
first printing press and first news-paper in vermont
ethan allen’s marriage at westminster
old crown point military road, 1750-1760
the christening of mount kilburn
the poverty year – 1816
warm winter of 1827
spotted fever epidemic in new england
josiah white

telegraphic history

the first telegraphic train order in the united state
first telegraph office in bellows falls in 1851

vermont genealogy links

access free vermont genealogy
ancestral search – vermont genealogy
cyndi’s list – vermont
genealogical society of vermont
vermont genealogy library








searchsearch
subscribe to vermont genealogy

enter your email address to subscribe to vermont genealogy and receive notifications of new posts by email.
 





								type your email…							
 








 
								subscribe							






vermont genealogy
barre vermont genealogyvermont archives, libraries, and historical societiesvermont bible recordsvermont biblesvermont biographiesvermont cemeteriesvermont census and taxation recordsvermont church recordsvermont court recordsvermont directoriesvermont genealogyvermont historical mapsvermont historyvermont indiansvermont land and property recordsvermont military recordsvermont newspapers and obituariesvermont newspapers and obituariesvermont vital recordsvermont wills and probate records
vermont genealogy by county
 addison county

caledonia county

chittenden county

lamoille county

orleans county

statewide

washington county

windham county


latest vermont genealogy
moretown vermont annual report 1957
moretown vermont annual report 1956
moretown vermont annual report 1955
moretown vermont annual report 1950
moretown vermont annual report 1943
 







					© 2001-2025 vermont genealogy. all rights reserved.				




















