









wildwood hills ranch of iowa | transforming lives

































































































who we are

our mission
our team

staff
board of directors
horses


our kids
our impact
worm castings


get involved

donate
volunteer
register

parent info


job opportunities

summer job/internship opportunities


legacy campaign


programs

next steps program

ranchers
leaders in training
young leader
leadership retreats


equestrian therapy

veterans
drill team
horses


leadership development


our partners

community partners
mission teams
pardners (25k+)


conference and retreat center
events
contact
donate
 





 

















 
 
 
 




 










 





 

 







 

 







 

 



 








 







join our summer staff team
apply now

















we exist to transform lives and strengthen communities by providing healing, hope and god’s unconditional love to children and youth at-risk.











 






let’s make
a difference!
 





 











how we do it


 100% full scholarship summer programming for kids and year-round leadership development for older students allow children to learn love, hope and new life skills through positive role modeling and hands-on experiences. we also serve families and veterans through our equestrian therapy program.
learn more




 






why we do it


 god has a plan for each of us. helping our kids overcome what the world has shown them helps them get back on a path of seeking god’s direction for their life. these children are our future neighbors, employees and community members. every child matters. and while we can’t change their past, we can help transform their future.
learn more









 






conference & retreat center


 
when we’re not pouring ourselves into iowa’s at-risk youth, our beautiful facility is available to you. impact your organization with the same stunning surroundings and incredible team that help transform the lives of iowa’s youth! 
learn more





 






in 2020 we achieved













                            hours volunteered                        













                            transformed lives                        













                            student meals                        













                            donors                        








 






latest blog/news view all »








 13 jun 2023
newsletter, wildwood weekly

week 1.1

            wildwood-weekly-newsletter-6-8download        
read more  







 






 16 may 2023
newsletter

summer is coming

summer is fast approaching, and we want to thank everyone for supporting the ranch over the last few months. with your help, we have made a difference in the lives of vulnerable youth and veterans.  as the calendar moves closer…

read more  







 






 26 oct 2022
newsletter

fall is here

with fall being here there are a lot of things going on at the ranch! leaders retreats leader retreats are in full swing! our middle and high schoolers can come back for a weekend to have fun and learn. over…

read more  







 






 05 aug 2022
newsletter

story of the week – session 7

that’s a wrap – summer 2022 has come to a close but the seeds sowed and the life transformation that occurred will continue to grow, shape, and change the communities in which we live. karli, one of our staff members,…

read more  








 



























subscribe to our newsletterget the latest news and stories delivered straight to your inbox.








 






ssyeacfxwdaffufzdsfbfddu




 











 




 

















summer job/internship opportunities
child protection plan
terms of use
privacy







© wildwood hills ranch 2020. all rights reserved. 2552 union lane, st. charles, iowa 50240 | 641.396.2414 
















 
























