







welcome to florida united numismatists















  



home
fun convention
summer fun
educational displays
membership info
about fun
fun topics


numismatic ambassador award
fun member clubs
club events
yn program
fun seminars
fun museum



welcome to fun
last updated on february 3rd, 2025



















 
 




countdown to the next fun convention

count down to the next fun show











wow
if you were here you understand, if not we will have another one in july
the fun convention opened thursday morning and it was packed.  after brief a comment about the u.s. mint programs comming up 
		next year the mint director ventris gibson cut the ribbon to open the fun convention.  she was at the fun show 
		through saturday to do a meet and greet with anyone who stoped by the mint booth.  she also attended the yn and scout program and
		talked about the operations of the u.s. mint. the floor action was extremely active and	remained so until very late in the afternoon on thursday.  
		the lines at the mint booth started forming before noon to get the early release of the 2025 proof eagles.  we had over 7500 members of the public process 
		through public registration with 2100 entering the show floor within the first 3 hours of the opening ceremony to join 2000+ coin dealers and 
		early bird registrants.
if you are a member of one the many coin clubs in florida fun can assist your club in paying for a charter bus to attend the fun convention.  just complete
		the club bus trip to fun application and return it to fun before july 1st.
										
		if you are interested in having a booth at the 19th summer fun convention you will need to contact 
		katie williams.
				
		  as a new feature for our dealers we have implemented a digital payment system. on the fun convention tab click on the pay bourse 
		fees link and submit your table fees directly to katie. you will also be able to pay for the annual
		membership and several other items. a 3% convenience fee will apply.  for our dealers who utilize the fun pages to make 
		periodic food runs for their tables you might want to consider getting a prepaid credit card for the pages to use at the convention centers food 
		courts.  the orange county convention center is a cashless facility.
 fun registration form
for faster processing through public registration, please complete prior to arriving at the
		the public registration booth.  if you forget to bring this form, there will be copies at public registration.
		the information given to public registration will remain private and will not be distributed, 
		sold or stored in a digital format.  registration of our dealers will remain the same as in 
		previous conventions.
the opening ceremony for the 19th summer fun convention will start at 9:45 a.m. thursday july 10 th 2025.


the orange county convention center (occc) has developed a mobile app to help you navigate the convention center.  this download link 
		(occc app download)  will help you find your way around the convention center. view
		transportation options. list the events, give you a 3d view of the inside of the facilities to help you locate the bathrooms and the permanently
		stationed food locations.
for room blocks, you can email reservations for fun 
		show hotels.  make sure you are in "the right place" by always going to www.funtopics.com and clicking on the 
		official hotel page.  our hotel housing bureau will never call or email requesting you book your room and they will never post 
		a deadline to book.  avoid the scammers and book only through the fun website.
you may also call our toll free reservations number, monday - friday 8:30 am - 5:30 pm, eastern time: (855) 454-2770.
please be careful of callers or emails using phishing tactics claiming to be associated with fun. these scams have become extremely
		aggressive.
if you are not a member of fun and are curious about our publication, go to the link in "what's new at fun" and preview the 
		fun topics publication winter 2024 edition.remember to return to this site for up to date information about all fun shows.  we  hope
		to see you in orlando florida for the 19th summer fun convention
the fun will start again at 10:00 a.m. july 10th, 2025 in orlando florida



71st annual f.u.n. convention
orlando, fl
january 8 - 12, 2026

the 71st annual fun convention will be january 8 - 11, 2026 at the orange county 
						convention center. 9899 international dr., orlando fl 32819.  dealer set-up is january 7th 
						from 2:00-8:00 pm. early birds get in at 2:00 pm. 

the show will feature approximately 600 dealer booths, an exhibit area, 14 educational programs, 
						kids booth, the young numismatists; scout merit badge programs, competitive exhibits, the heritage auction, and so much more.
admission to the show is free to the public!  however, show attendees must first stop by the public registration booths 
						and pick up their “hello” badge before entering the bourse floor. dealers & early bird 
						dealers should pay their $20 fun dues by mail and avoid the lines.
see you in january for the 71st fun convention!



what is fun?

						florida united numismatists, inc. is an organization dedicated to involving and growing the numismatic
						community both in florida and throughout the world. we achieve this through several activities, including:
						

								our annual fun and summer fun conventions
							

								the young numismatists (yn) program


								our listing of member dealers and clubs


								the quarterly fun topics magazine publication


						check out the rest of our site to find out more and get involved with fun!
					


what's new at fun

 message from the fun president 



2024 summer fun report
						

2025 fun report
						

fun seminars are online


2024 fun exhibit winners
						


2024 nominate a numismatic ambassador


official 2025 fun hotel information

fun membership application
						

coin shows and club meetings for 
						 2024

speaker list for member clubs
updated 5 sept 2019



adult ana scholarship



official fun publication fun topics

what is in the fall 2024 fun topics publication

what is in the winter 2024 fun 
						topics publication

what is in the spring 2024 fun topics publication

what is in the summer 2024 fun topics publication

 
i want to join fun now









				©  florida united numismatists, inc.
				




