the university of north carolina at chapel hillskip to main contenttop level navigationdiscovernavigatenavigate about the universitydisplay sub menu for about the universityabout the universityalumniby the numbersbranding and identity guidelinesopens in new sitecarolina nextopens in new sitefor the mediaopens in new sitefrequently asked questionshistory and traditionsleadershipmission & valuessupport the universityunc social mediaunc systemopens in new siteadmissions and aidacademicsdisplay sub menu for academicsacademicsacademic calendar and registraracademic enhancementsacademic departmentsdigital and lifelong learningcontinuing education opportunitiesopens in new sitelibrariesprograms and curriculaaccessibilityarts and cultureathleticsdisplay sub menu for athleticsathleticsgoheels.comopens in new sitecampus recreationopens in new siteintramuralsopens in new sitesports clubsopens in new sitecome visit usdiversity and inclusionglobalopens in new siteinnovation and economic developmentlife at carolinadisplay sub menu for life at carolinalife at carolinaabout the towncampus recreationcarolina housingcarolina unionopens in new sitecommunity and public servicehealth & wellnessnews and updatesopens in new sitedisplay sub menu for news and updatesnews and updatesacademicsaround campusarts & humanitiesathleticsevents calendarglobalhealth & medicineinnovation & entrepreneurshipuniversity newsresearchresearchschoolsdisplay sub menu for schoolsschoolscollege of arts and sciencesadams school of dentistrydata science and societyeducationeshelman school of pharmacygillings school of global public healthschool of governmentthe graduate schoolhussman school of journalism and mediainformation & library sciencelawkenan-flagler business schoolmedicinenursingsocial worksummer schoolunc healthopens in new siteuniversity developmentopens in new siteworking at carolinaopens in new sitesearch the university of north carolina at chapel hillhide main navigation menufeaturedwhy is black youth suicide on the rise?register feb. 14 for 2025 pov challengesearch peopleopens in new window placesopens in new windowsearch unc.edu carolina outside the classroomthe tar heel experience goes beyond lecture halls and schoolwork. read about student organizations and clubsvisitsupportapply facebook twitter youtube instagram pinteresthome231 years of public serviceunc-chapel hill is at the heart of what’s next, preparing talented students from different perspectives and life experiences to become creators, explorers, entrepreneurs and leaders. tar heels develop a voice for critical thought and the courage to guide change.carolina’s nationally recognized teaching, groundbreaking research and dedication to public service continue a legacy that began when the university was chartered in 1789 and opened to students four years later.1stand only public university in the united states to award degrees in the 18th century.no. 5public school in the country in u.s. news & world report's 2025 best colleges rankings.no. 9among u.s. research institutions and top in nc in research volume (national science foundation)62national championships won by the tar heelsmeet a tar heel	sports broadcaster says ‘yes’ to allfrom “sports xtra” to the olympics, “i am well prepared wherever i go because of carolina,” kyle lobenhofer says.	for kim haley, it’s always safety firstthe industrial hygienist makes carolina safer and used that expertise to help another university recover from hurricane helene.	covenant scholar’s dentistry path leads back to rural servicethe program’s work-study jobs fostered dr. segovia-chumbez’s relationships and science interests.explore carolina see what tar heels are up to on campus and beyond.	imagine your heelprintwhen tar heels arrive on our campus at the university of north carolina at chapel hill, they meet a world of possibilities. in chapel hill, we’re all part of the same tar heel team, and everyone has a role to play. see how tar heels are leaving their heelprint.	protecting your mental healthlearn about campus resources and how tar heel students, faculty and staff are using outreach and research to prioritize mental health on campus and beyond.	celebrating black historythroughout carolina's history, there have been several pioneers who have broken down barriers for the generations of students to follow. their courageous examples moved unc-chapel hill closer to the ideal of the university of the people. learn more about tar heels who paved the way for a more inclusive university.	see what tar heels are up to on campus and beyond.the wellnews from carolina	register feb. 14 for 2025 pov challengestudent teams should submit their creative ideas about improving access to affordable housing by feb. 23.	research vc explains true costs of researchpenny gordon-larsen, vice chancellor for research, writes about the proposed cap on federal research funding.	unc rural responds to post-helene needs	meet ruth anderson stephens	malawi cancer program develops diagnostic breakthroughpart of unc project malawi, the program also provides clinical care, pathology training and other services to the african nation.	dancing turtles unlock scientific discovery	why is black youth suicide on the rise?read carolina news at the wellmust-see unc check out photos and videos capturing the tar heel experience	toss aside stress with juggling clubthe student organization provides a space for jugglers of all skills to hang out, relax and learn new tricks.	prized possessions: carolina global launchwhether it was a musical instrument, a photo album or even a miniature rameses, tar heels brought a piece of home with them when they began their college careers abroad in costa rica.	carolina in the snowtar heels waited three years for snow to decorate the carolina campus again and were then treated to a pair of snowfalls the evenings of jan. 10 and 21. they went sledding, hung out with friends and took photos by the old well.	check out photos and videos capturing the tar heel experience18
									febnatural rhythms: the brain, the beat, and the beauty of neurological electricityroper halltue, february 1811:00 am natural rhythms: the brain, the beat, and the beauty of neurological electricity19
									febinsight and action series: how one small business harnesses ai for successinnovate carolina junctionwed, february 1909:00 aminsight and action series: how one small business harnesses ai for success19
									febyoga under the starsmorehead planetarium and science centerwed, february 1906:00 pmyoga under the stars20
									febbeyond the pit: “tar heel networking social”unc kenan-flagler business schoolthu, february 2005:30 pm beyond the pit: “tar heel networking social”view the university calendaraccessibilityalert carolinaalumniconnectcarolinacampus mapcontact uscareersdepartments a – zuniversity policyfor the medialibrariespeople directoryprivacy statementunc student storesthe well facebook twitter youtube instagram pinterest© 2024 the university of north carolina at chapel hill share this facebook linkedin emailshare on mastodonenter your mastodon instance url (optional)share