


















port of palm beach, fl - official website | official website









 















skip to main content























 






weather widget for website by
        weatherwidget.org




 
 










     





 
 
 



    about the port      cargo & business      commission      cruise      newsroom       community  


 

 

 

 

 

 





 












search







 
 
 



 














welcome to port of palm beach


located in riviera beach, fl. the port of palm beach is a full-service, diversified port, offering cruise and cargo services to more than 30 onsite tenants and users. at 165 acres, the port’s efficiency is unparalleled, processing more than $14 billion in commodities, 2.5 million tons of cargo and 400,000 cruise passengers annually.
 






  
 
 












 














agendas & minutes








business opportunities








directions and parking








employee/tenant request form










 
 














global entry enrollment center








notify me®








port webcam










 
 
 



















  
 








 
 



  
 
 



  
 



  
 
 



  
 



  
 
 



  
 
 









 














the port's latest news


find news, updates and what interest you at the port.
 






  
 
 















united states army corps of engineers to begin maintenance dredging of the lake worth inlet 


u.s. army corps of engineers (usace), jacksonville district, will begin maintenance dredging of the palm beach harbor, palm beach county, florida, on or around march 3, 2025.						read on...







margaritaville at sea paradise announces biggest reimaging yet 


margaritaville at sea is charting a course for more carefree fun with a variety of exciting new experiences and upgrades aboard its maiden vessel, margaritaville at sea paradise, sailing from port of palm beach.						read on...







employee celebrations 


join us in celebrating our employees who have a birthday or work anniversary in the month of february.						read on...







director of contract compliance & tenant relations featured in local newspaper 


our director of contract compliance and tenant relations tacaria anderson jones shares her career journey with the palm beach post.						read on...







port of palm beach enhances cruise experience with new improvements 


the port of palm beach is making waves with exciting new improvements designed to enhance the cruising experience for passengers.						read on...







heavy lift services and gulfstream line support local neighborhood's holiday celebration 


in the spirit of giving this holiday season, port tenants heavy lift services and gulfstream line, donated $1,000 to support the azure estates neighborhood’s holiday celebration, set for december 21st.						read on...







port of palm beach holiday toy drive brings joy to children living in western palm beach county 


the port of palm beach’s annual holiday toy drive was a resounding success, thanks to the generous support of our port community.						read on...







port of palm beach receives award for summer internship program 


this week, the port of palm beach received a lighthouse award from the american association of port authorities (aapa) for excellence in administrative practices, specifically for its revamped summer internship program.						read on...







port recognizes longtime tenant for 50 years of service 


president of heavy lift services and gulfstream line glen dias is celebrating 50 years at the port of palm beach.						read on...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 








 
 
 



 














port factsat a glancesome of the numbers thatdefine the port of palm beachfind more










 
 



  
 














$15bin goods move throughthe port annuallylearn more








3,800+port connected jobslearn more








80%of goods exportedfrom the portlearn more










 
 
 




 














media updates


find video, updates from port of palm beach
 






  
 
 








 
 








 
 
 











 















 






  
 



  
 







contact us







one east 11th street, suite 600


riviera beach, fl 33404


phone: 561-383-4100


fax: 561-842-4240
 






  
 







quick links







meet port commissioners



commission meeting calendar



berth application forms



business licensing



port tariff



faqs









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







helpful links







home



accessibility



site map



copyright notices









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 









 
 
 



 














news








fast facts








videos








contact us








to top










 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close






















  







arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









