



ralph roberts i keynote speaker i expert witness i author






































586-751-0000

i've built my approach on a strong foundation of honesty, integrity, dedication and hard work...
flipping houses for dummies

services
books
about
contact

 about ralph

clients
testimonials
contact ralph


services

real estate & mortgage fraud forensics
expert witness testimony
professional coaching and mentoring
business consultations
realtor ®


media/news
books

foreclosure self-defense for dummies
mortgage myths
protect yourself from real estate fraud
sell it yourself
real wealth by investing in real estate
foreclosure investing for dummies
advanced selling for dummies
flipping houses for dummies
52 weeks of sales success
walk like a giant, sell like a madman


ralph roberts online

bignail.com
flippingfrenzy.com
foreclosureselfdefense.com
getflipping.com


home page – ralph roberts












realtor ®
 ralph roberts realty is ralph’s current realtor ® base of operations.  located in utica, mi, and serving oakland, wayne, and macomb counties, ralph roberts realty provides best-in-class real estate services ranging from investment to property management.
learn more about ralph roberts realty’s comprehensive real estate services here!>>
  

author
ralph roberts is a prolific author and writer. in addition to penning blog entries on a daily basis for years, ralph has written over 250 articles for industry trade publications and web sites, and is currently working on more books.
must have books by ralph roberts>>

consultant
ralph roberts accomplishes more in one year than most realtors® do in their entire careers. since 1979, ralph has sold over 10,000 homes, prompting time magazine to call him “the best-selling realtor® in america.”  ralph now works as a consultant to aspiring businesspeople, sharing the secrets of his incredible success.
learn ralph’s real estate secrets>>

coach
ralph regularly makes himself available to work with  groups of up-and-coming realtors® and other sales professionals who want to learn the secrets and techniques of his remarkable success.  ralph’s skills as a coach are equal to his skills as a realtor®, so you’ll leave each session feeling energized and full of actionable information.
learn more about ralph’s professional coaching & mentoring services>>



add these ralph roberts books to your collection
testimonials"legendary ralph roberts, the realtor ® who sells, sells, sells..."—sophie landa harpercollins, australia"ralph roberts...a super-salesman of real estate in detroit..."—michael pellecchia, star tribune"ralph roberts is the best-selling realtor ® in america... he just loves to sell and sell and sell."—time magazine


services
realtor ®
fraud forensics
expert witness
consultations

books
walk like a giant, sell like a madman
52 weeks of sales success
flipping houses for dummies
sell it yourself
real wealth by investing in real estate
more books »

 

search:

 





site map
612900 hall road, suite 300; sterling heights, mi 48313 | p: 586.751.0000 f: 586.752.8959 a ralph roberts site, copyright © 2006 - 2014  













