




today's home  | pittsburgh, burgh, iron city, three rivers, allegheny tunnel, roberto clemente bridge


















skip to main content













menu


close



search


















0






search






delivery

locations

my account







get in touch!




furniture


living room

living room groups
sofas
sectionals
loveseats
leather
ottomans
occasional tables
benches
curios
recliners
chairs
reclining sofas
sleeper sofas
entertainment centers
bookcases
all living room furniture



dining room

table and chair sets
casual dining room sets
formal dining room sets
tables
counter and bar height tables
bars
cabinets
dining sets
chairs
bar and counter stools
sideboards & servers
all dining room furniture
formal dining room settings



bedroom

bedroom sets
beds
nightstands
chests of drawers
bunk beds
bedroom sets
dressers
armoires
mirrors
youth bedroom
all bedroom furniture



office

desks
chairs and seating
filing and storage
bookcases
corner and l-shape desks
all home office furniture



outdoor

dining sets
 bar stools
sectionals
ottoman
dining chairs
sofas
loveseats
chair
firepit
all outdoor furniture



accents

occasional table sets
cocktail tables
end tables
sofa tables
rugs
lighting
mirrors
wall art
throw pillows
throw blankets
poufs
all accent furniture & decor



shop by brand




rugs


orc rugs


all other rugs




designer furniture outlet


mattresses


all mattresses


foundations


bedgear




window treatments


design center


designers


design appointment


room planner




to the trade


get in touch


contact us


in-store appointment


online consultation


mattress appointment




our story




delivery




sign in
my lists
room planner






































modern, affordable, and quality home furnishings for everyday living.celebrating 70 years of being pittsburgh's premiere and luxury furniture store.a premium experience all under one roof. shop today’s home, designer furniture outlet, the rug studio, the sleep studio and window treatments all in one convenient location. our 60,000 sq ft showroom in greentree has an expansive selection of premium brands and materials to bring you the very best in custom furniture and interior solutions. we are the pittsburgh design center!read our story >stop by our sleep studio today to find the mattress that will give you the perfect night's sleep you deserve.start shoppingdiscover 1000s of hand-knotted rugs. let us help you find the perfect style.start shoppingbeautifully crafted window treatments are made to order and designed by you. our designers will collaborate with you to find your perfect solution.learn morestart shoppingfinancingstart your journey today and unlock the financial support you need to make things happen.learn moredeliverymaking neighbors jealous since 1953. we offer white glove and in-home delivery options.learn moredeveloped and built with one goal in mind, to create the most efficient showroom for independent designers in the tri-state arealearn morefurniture for every roombedroomliving roomdining roommattresshome officerugsentertainmentaccessoriesdesign centerget creativeour design professionals will help you customize your space with luxury furniture from industry-leading brands, custom upholstery, window treatments, flooring, accessories, and more! book an appointment with your preferred designer to begin your dream home journey.schedule a free consultationdesign your ideal bedroom or dining room and request information.start customizingcustomize your perfect dining room and request information.start customizingdesign quizlearn what your own design style is and how you can customize the right products for your home.take the quizcommunity involvementtoday's home is committed to community involvement, regularly organizing volunteer efforts and supporting local initiatives to enhance neighborhood well-being.learn moreelevate your space with the perfect art pieceare you ready to transform your living space into a captivating masterpiece? look no further! welcome to our curated collection of art pieces designed to pull your room together and elevate your décor to new heights.browse all pieces

















don’t miss out on deals & new releases





submitting...







contact notes - required*

do you agree to the terms of service?


















connect with dfo






today's home  features a great selection of sofas, sectionals, recliners, chairs, leather furniture, custom upholstery, beds, mattresses, dressers, nightstands, dining sets, kitchen storage, office furniture, entertainment and can help you with your home design and decorating. today's home  offers great quality furniture, at a low price to the pittsburgh, burgh, iron city, three rivers, allegheny tunnel, roberto clemente bridge area.
information accuracy - we have taken great care to provide you with information that is accurate and useful. please notify us if you find an error and we will do our best to correct it. we ask that you contact us directly to confirm information about pricing, color, features, dimensions, availability and lead times.
nothing on this page may be copied or reproduced without explicit permission.







site powered by furnituredealer.net © 2006 - 2025 furnituredealer.net, inc., all rights reserved.


privacy policy
accessibility statement
do not sell my personal information























×









continue shopping







email

email is required


important field



really important field



submit
no thanks










