












priority mortgage group - your complete guide to buying a home




























































		skip to content	



 



priority mortgage group
your complete guide to buying a new home








     
getting started
ready to buy  

rent vs. buy: compare owning to renting
is buying a home the right choice?
cost of homeownership


basics of borrowing  

how much can i borrow?
down payment and mortgage insurance
compare your loan options
compare loan types
know your credit rating


applying for a home loan  

your mortgage banker
comparing lenders, fees, and discount points
prequalification & conditional approvals
gather your paperwork
complete your loan application


finding a new home  

your real estate agent
decide on the type of home to buy
making an offer
get a home inspection
closing the deal



  
			scroll down to content		
 
















what you need to know about buying your home






whether you’re buying your first home or just need a refresher, we’ll walk you through all the steps involved in buying a new home.
use our tools and resources to help you choose a loan and find out how much you can afford.
and if you have any questions along the way, you can always contact your local mortgage banker.
priority mortgage group
priority mortgage group, the mortgage intelligence specialists in pa and md, is the top information source about all of your pa mortgage and maryland home loan needs. our combined decades of experience in the business gives us access to hundreds of mortgage brokers and the intelligence about the lowest interest rates in pennsylvania and maryland. we provide information about the largest variety of md & pa home loan programs. whether you are looking for a traditional home loan,  refinance, debt consolidation loan, purchase an  investment property, new construction loans,  second mortgages or take out a home equity loan, our loan wizards are here to serve you.
our team is composed of the nation’s most renown mortgage authorities, including the authors of the award-winning home mortgage guide and other popular mortgage-related literature. our favorite thing to do is answering potential home buyers’ questions about mortgages, loans, and everything related to buying a house.
maryland and pennsylvania mortgage options include: fixed interest rates, variable interest rates, adjustable interest rates, loans without private mortgage insurance (pmi), construction loans, cash out money at closing, or any other possible maryland or pennsylvania mortgage need. helping you with home mortgages is our priority, and we do it with the best service available anywhere. it all begins with information, so get ready to explore our site and find out how you can buy your home and at the best possible rate.








get a custom mortgage rate quote


get a detailed rate and payment estimate with our simple rate quote calculator.





 







recent purchase rates




loan type


rate


apr






get a custom rate quote »






30-yr fixed


3.625%


3.665%




15-yr fixed


2.750%


2.875%




7/1 arm


2.375%


2.785%




5/1 arm


2.125%


2.745%



 





rates shown not available in all states. rates are representative and rounded to nearest point. actual rates may vary.








have questions about buying a new home?  here are the answers.
whether you’re just starting out, or ready to close the deal, we can help you find the information you need to buy your new home.
get started now »














	© 2002-2025 priority mortgage group 
privacy policy 













































































































































































