


way to god -- spiritual direction for seekers from jim elliff


































welcome to the site.  i'm jim elliff.  for the past 42 years i've been traveling around 
		the world, discussing spiritual issues with people from every walk of life.  are you looking for the 
		way to god?  i'd like to help.  on the site you will find answers to questions, clarifying articles, 
		audio and the stories of people who have come to christ.  i also offer a publication you can 
		receive by mail at no charge.  sincere questions are always welcome. 
		













random article goes here





pursuing god
an audio book for seekers who are drawn toward god, but want more understanding.
			click here.
			



wasted faith
an audio book by jim elliff that examines authentic faith in christ.
			click here.
			



dialogue on christianity
the dialogue on christianity is designed to explain how a person enters into a relationship with christ.
			click here.
			



the eaglet
a delightful e-book about knowing god written for children but loved by adults.
			click here. 
			



brockton dialogues
random brockton dialogue goes here



free offer!
our intent is to offer this item without cost to 
		anyone who is truly seeking answers about 
		spiritual matters.  if that is you, then we hope 
		you feel free to order this item.

pursuing god - a seeker's guide is for those who are drawn toward god, but want more understanding.  
		in a warm and conversational style, jim elliff presents the issues that must be considered for an essentiial 
		relationship with god through christ.  a guide for reading the book of john is also provided to help readers 
		obtain a firsthand knowledge of jesus' teachings
to order this free item (seekers only, 
		please) send your name and postal
		address to: info@ccwtoday.org.

		please allow 4-6 weeks for delivery.  limit 
		one per person, quantity limited. usa only, please. 









would you like to link to this site?
right-click on this button below to save the graphic for your link.
		



questions and answers (get others)




























