




splendide laundry centers - home

























home
products
support
about
faq's
partners

media site login
service center login


contact


register warranty












designed to fit where others won't.
say goodbye to laundromats. our 24" wide laundry appliances can turn any laundry day into a magical walk in the park. discover the freedom of splendide laundry possibilities.

our collection








there when you need us.
download user manuals, register your appliance, or contact a qualified service representative today. splendide makes it easy.

support









learn more.
we're here monday through friday to take your orders and answer any questions you may have.

contact us







previous



next









our collection
high-performing, 24-inch wide laundry centers and exclusive rv/marine accessories.




all
combo washer-dryers
stackable washer and dryer
accessories








vented combo
all-in-one washer with vented dryer











premium laundry detergent
all-natural, he powder with built-in fabric softeners











ventless combo
all-in-one washer with ventless dryer











compact washer
for use with dv6400x stackable dryer











deluxe vent kit
w/paintable, black, or chromed cover - for vented dryers in rv installations











securefit brackets
keeps front levelling feet in place - for rv/marine installations











vented, stackable dryer
for use with wfl1300xd washer











dryer stack kit
for close-fitting installations











standard vent kit
w/paintable cover - for vented dryers in rv installations











90-degree vent elbow
side-wall vent solution - for vented dryers in close-fitting installations











drain pan
for built-in combo and washer installations











drain pan
for freestanding combo and washer installations














support
splendide service technicians are trained, certified, and there when you need them.




product registration
register your splendide today.



download center
download pdf user manuals, data sheets, installation instructions, winterization instructions, and quick guides.



technical support
find your nearest service center, order a part, or ask a question:
email: service@westlandsales.com
phone: 1-800-356-0766 - ext. 5








about
our parent company, westland sales, has supplied innovative, space-saving appliances to the rv and marine industries since 1967.




01
best performing
we work closely with skilled designers and engineers to offer appliances that emphasize the latest laundry technologies and deliver the highest levels of perfomance.




02
most reliable
our devoted european factories draw from decades of experience to build appliances with the features, technology, and exceptional level of quality that north american consumers expect.




03
best supported
we maintain over 400 qualified service centers throughout the u.s. and canada. every splendide is protected with a 1-year warranty - extendable up to five years from the date of purchase.









frequently asked questions





 who uses splendide laundry centers? 


                  splendide laundry appliances are found in rvs, boats, apartments, condos, dentist offices, home garages - anywhere laundry needs to get done and space is at a premium.
                



 why do more north american rv and marine manufacturers choose splendide? 


                  since 1984, splendide has been a trusted source for quality laundry appliances that save space, weight, and resources.
					our laundry centers are efficient, built-tough and tested for max. performance with min. install clearances. our specialized products address the unique needs of rv and marine consumers, while our family-owned company takes pride in delivering unmatched sales and technical support.
                



 which model is right for me? 


					the splendide you choose will depend on your size and weight constraints, venting ability, and/or drying needs:
size and weight consraints - since our combo models wash and dry laundry in one, a combo is the best choice when saving space or weight is your primary concern. quiet and easy-to-use, a combo offers the added convenience of being able to go from wash to dry automatically.
venting ability - if venting a traditional dryer through an outside wall is difficult, unsafe, or impossible, our ventless combo model is designed for you. it dries laundry without a vent by using condensation.
drying needs - if you have extra space and need to dry larger loads, our washer and stackable dryer set includes a vented dryer with an supersized, 4 cu ft dryer drum. 
                



 how does ventless drying work? 


                  while a vented dryer works by running heated air through damp clothes and then exhausting that air to the outside, our ventless combo dries laundry by using condensation. it condenses steam from the damp clothes into water and then pumps that water out the drain. this process repeats until the clothes are dry. it's an efficient and completely closed system that does not add heat or humidity to the surrounding room.
                



 where can i buy a splendide? 


					depending on where it will be installed, you can purchase a splendide in the following ways:
rv and marine installs - splendide laundry centers and accessories are sold at major rv and marine dealerships throughout north america. please contact your preferred dealership directly, or connect with us to locate the dealer nearest you.
other inquiries - for all other inquiries, please contact our sales department (see below). we are available monday through friday to answer your questions or provide a quote for your next project. 
                



 where can i buy factory original splendide parts? 


					contact your local authorized dealer/service outlet or contact westland sales direct at the number below.
                










contact
splendide laundry center's headquarters: mon-fri, 7am to 4pm pacific time. 





address
15650 se 102nd ave. clackamas, or usa





phone number
+1 800 356 0766





email
sales@westlandsales.com
























loading

your message has been sent. thank you!

send message












headquarters

				splendide laundry centers
				15650 se 102nd. ave  
                clackamas, or 97015
phone: +1 800 356 0766
email: sales@westlandsales.com




useful links

 home
 products
 support
 terms of service
 privacy policy



services

 product registration
 user downloads
 media partner login
 service center login








        © copyright 2024 westland sales. all rights reserved
      























