 





















pacific grove real estate management company & long term rental properties - gorman real estate management


































 



						gorman real estate management and long-term rental homes
					in pacific grove, monterey, pebble beach, carmel and the monterey peninsula.


 facebook
 |  home


831-649-3455









toggle navigation







homes and apartments for rent
 tenants   

tenant services
online application
utilities contact information
community resources


 owners 

property management services
leasing services
property currently rented


testimonials
about us
contact











 gorman real estate management




beautiful view of pacific grove & the monterey peninsula! 

your ideal choice for property management 
		in pacific grove & around the monterey bay! 

because you care about your real estate investment, you need a 
		property management company that has the professionalism, the education and the years of practical experience necessary to properly represent you.
gorman real estate management is 
		a widely respected for the expertise and professionalism you are 
		seeking.
balancing the tenant's right to 
		privacy with the owner's 
		right to know that the property is being properly cared for is our main 
		objective. contact us today!




    
homes and apartments for rent
 on the monterey peninsula and surrounding areas! 


for immediate assistance please phone our office at (831) 649-3455
    
click on rental property images for more detailed information.



 3 
	bed 2  bath - $5,225

  835 17 mile drive pacific grove, ca 93950 





 2 
	bed 1.5  bath - $2800

  961 hilby avenue unit b seaside, ca 93955 









serving pacific grove ca, monterey ca, carmel ca and pebble beach ca.




 

   

testimonials
our clients and residents say the nicest things!









a great renting experience!
i spent nearly three years in an apartment managed by gorman real estate. from the day i enquired about renting the unit to the day my deposit was returned, gorman's staff were friendly, professional, and helpful. the property was regularly and well maintained, and the few routine repairs and replacements that came up during my tenancy were taken care of quickly. it was a lovely place to live and a great renting experience.


     amber v.








such a pleasure renting from gorman real estate!
gorman real estate is one of the best companies i have rented property from. the staff is quick to respond, friendly, and professional. i highly recommend them!

     melissa a.








my favorite property manager!
when we told friends in pacific grove that we were renting our house from gorman real estate, they all said: ‘’gorman is the best.” i totally agree. steve gorman knows real estate, and all of the houses he manages are beautiful and well maintained.  merrie in the office is always friendly and efficient. emails and phone calls were always returned promptly. when we looked at the house for the first time, it was pristine inside and out. it looked like a new home with modern appliances. the house was immaculate with a fresh clean scent, not musty like some pg homes. maintenance of the home was great and arranged by gorman real estate. we highly recommend gorman real estate in pacific grove as it is the best.


     michelle h.




 
 		  
				 			 
               
                       
 



					view our testimonials! 




 





gorman real estate management
		
william c. bluhm - dre #01773709 
661 lighthouse ave suite f
				pacific grove, ca 93950

phone:  831-649-3455 
email: 
office@gormanre.com 

 



 
   	
2024© 
			privacy policy | 
			
		netgirl enterprises web design



 
















please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility

 