









david c. gilbert | marin luxury properties
































































 


 



david c. gilbertmarin luxury properties415-272-7524
 


slider1
slider1
search homes for sale in marin county
enter your home search criteria and view matching properties in marin county.  the data is updated frequently so you can count on the information being current as you search for your new home.
search now
slider1

slider2
slider2
determine your home's value
share details about your home and i will analyze the data and present you with comparable sales in your neighborhood.  for a more in depth approach, we can schedule a walk-through of your home.
home valuation
slider2

slider3
slider3
see what my clients have to say
i love what i do and the reviews my clients share truly does reflect this.  take a moment to see what my clients have to say about working with me when i helped them to buy or sell their home in marin county.
client testimonials
slider3

slider4
slider4
find out what your monthly mortgage payment will be
you already know how much you would like to spend on your new home, now use this calculator to find out exactly how much the payments will be.
mortgage calculator
slider4

slider5
slider5

slider6
slider6

 



view my listings

featured listings
sold/pending listings


property search

basic search
advanced search
search by listing id
map search
search by address
managed saved properties
receive new listing alerts


communities

beach cities
belvedere
corte madera
fairfax
greenbrae
kentfield
larkspur
mill valley
novato
ross
san anselmo
san rafael
sausalito
tiburon


buyers and sellers

find your dream home
your home’s value
list your home
local market stats
moving
buyer articles
seller articles


resources

marin county market report
resources
walk score
yelp reviews
schools
mortgage calculator
weather
real estate news
boating / fishing resources
marin schools


about

about
testimonials


contact


 
 

meet david c. gilbertdavid loves real estate.  ever since he was a young boy growing up on the tiburon peninsula he as been fascinated with every aspect of real estate, where it is, views, gardens, access, potential…as the old adage goes, location, location, location!  marin county has some of the most desirable locations in the world.
david gilbert, having been born and raised in marin county, and being a graduate of local schools, really knows marin. as an avid yachtsman, he has a keen knowledge of waterfront properties. as a licensed california attorney, david gilbert is a strong advocate in your corner, aggressively protecting and pursuing your interests in each transaction.  he combines his legal experience and intimate knowledge with a genuine enthusiasm and commitment to work tirelessly for each client.


a personal introduction | david gilbert from decker bullock sotheby's on vimeo.



daily life in marin
 
 

marin market report
 
click on the above image or click here to open the marin market report
 
contact details
415-435-3752415-272-7524d.gilbert@ggsir.com
10 beach road



tiburon, california 94920




calbre# 00658490

 
 




this web site is not the official web site of sotheby's international realty, inc. sotheby's international realty, inc. does not make any representation or warranty regarding any information, including without limitation its accuracy or completeness, contained on this web site. sotheby's international realty® is a registered trademark licensed to sotheby's international realty affiliates llc. each office is independently owned and operated.
visit sotheby's international realty    •   © design by style agent

 
 





manage cookie consent






this website uses cookies to enhance user experience and to analyze performance and traffic on the website.





functional cookies



functional cookies

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



cookie settings






















