


well-mannered dog - welcome!





















































































































































home
training
group class schedule
about toni
testimonials
photo album
links
toni's blog







 


the well-mannered dog, inc.165 deer hill roadsouthbury, ct 06488
tel: 203.264.2008      631.300.5868email: toni
 


in connecticut serving:


 


litchfield, new haven, and fairfield counties including:


 


including:


bethel, bethlehem bridgewater


brookfield, danbury


greenwich, riverside


darien, westport


weston, new canaan


newtown, norwalk oxford


ridgefield roxbury


sandy hook washington


woodbury and surrounding areas


in new york serving: new york, westchester


including armonk, bedford, goldens bridge


mt. kisco, chappaqua


white plains and surrounding areas









welcome to the well-mannered dog®, home of the most popular dog and puppy trainers in connecticut and new york!
please note: group classes are unavailable for the foreseeable future, but i am doing privates and puppy jump-start.







toni kay-wolff, owner of the well-mannered dog, inc.®, is committed to teaching others how to enjoy their dogs in a way that is safe, fun, and rewarding for all dogs and their families.
the well-mannered dog, inc.® serves all of connecticut, long island and the tri-state area, with clients coming from new york city, new jersey and connecticut to work with toni.
check out toni's blog! keep up with what's new and exciting in toni's world of dog training!






as guest speaker at events like the american cancer society dog walks, instructing for guiding eyes for the blind, and appearances on respected national programs like prime time live, 20/20 and good morning america, toni loves sharing her knowledge and passion for dogs.
using a balanced training program that includes positive training methods, leash and collar work, clicker training for those who are interested, toni's clients come away with an understanding of their puppies and dogs that is very different from when they first come in. the dogs and their people are more relaxed, happier, and have a closer relationship and bond with their dogs.
learning to communicate with your puppy or dog is the first step in having a positive relationship and getting the kind of dog you long for. helping you have a dog who will always want to be with you, will work hard to please you, and will do so with a positive attitude and joy for life can only be gotten through understanding, patience, time and commitment. toni is the best at helping you accomplish whatever you want to have in your relationship with your dog.
private lessons can be in your home throughout most of ct, westchester and nyc, or you may choose private instruction as well as small, focused group classes at our  training school in southbury, ct.
toni and her husband, larry, live in southbury, ct with their labrador retriever, carter, their adopted english shepherd, glory, and their lagotto romagnolo, the italian truffle hunting dog, tillie.

























| [home] | training | group class schedule | about toni | testimonials | photo album | links | toni's blog |




© 2002 - 2025 well-mannered dog, inc. all rights reserved.





