



	dr. sam goldstein













sam goldstein | neuropsychologist - author - educator
















newsletters




















home
resources

clinical/forensic services

about the services
free ebook
curriculum vitae


articles

general articles
fiction
forensic updates
homework
resilient golf


books, tests and journals

books
tests
journal of attention disorders


music & theatre

the banned sigmund freud
dead certain
a wall apart
epic players nyc


powerpoints & handouts
audio & video


podcasts
one minute to better parenting 
common sense science
audio & videos
video archives


webinars
news & updates
newsletters
federal & state compliance


calendar
about

dr. sam goldstein
about speeches & workshops


contact

















dr. sam goldstein
neuropsychologist - author test developer - educator - musician













the banned sigmund freud
our newest album















keep in touch with dr. goldstein
occasionally, i will send out	journals for forensic updates on matters of neuropsychology and great information for parents.
newsletters








dr. sam goldstein

sam goldstein, ph.d. is an adjunct assistant professor at the university of utah school of

medicine. he is clinical director of the 

neurology learning and behavior center. the center conducts evaluations, consultation and  

provides treatment services to 300 individuals and families each year. dr. goldstein has authored over

fifty trade and science texts as well as over three dozen science based book chapters and thirty 

peer reviewed research articles. he has also co-authored ten psychological tests. he currently 

serves as editor in chief of the journal of attention disorders and sits on the editorial boards of 

six peer reviewed journals. he is co-editor of the encyclopedia of child development. recent 

books include the handbook of intelligence: evolutionary theory, historical perspective and 

current concepts, handbook of resilience – 2nd edition, raising resilient children with autism 

spectrum disorders, handbooks of neurodevelopmental and genetic disorders in children and 

adults, assessment of intelligence and achievement, assessment of autism spectrum disorders, 

handbook of executive functioning, assessment of impairment and managing children’s 

classroom behavior: creating sustainable resilient classrooms. he is the co-author of the 

autism spectrum rating scales, comprehensive executive functioning inventory, rating scales 

of impairment and the cognitive assessment system second edition. currently he has three 

books and four psychological tests in development. he has lectured to thousands of professionals 

and the lay public in the u.s., south america, asia, australia and europe. 
read more
newsletters








help kids learn about tenacity
a new children's book!
sam goldstein ph.d and robert b. brooks ph.d

poppy and graham's quest for tenacity is an engaging graphic book that follows two spirited characters on a journey filled with challenges, using their adventures as allegories to teach the seven instincts of tenacity and resilience through powerful storytelling and visuals. this combines entertainment with valuable life lessons for children and educators.
visit: tenacityinchildren.com
buy on amazon!












tedx features dr. sam goldstein






the instincts that make us human | tedx 

watch on youtube ↗


youtube ↗

the power of resilience| tedx 

watch on youtube ↗


youtube ↗


other videos









tenacity in children
nurturing the seven instincts for lifetime success
sam goldstein ph.d and robert b. brooks ph.d

tenacity in children provides a solid emotional and cognitive foundation to prepare children for a resilient and happy future. it offers well-defined guideposts for adults committed to providing every child with the opportunity to access, strengthen, and employ these instincts as they negotiate childhood and passage into adult life. 
visit: tenacityinchildren.com
















moxo d-cpt test
adding a fresh new distractors dimension to adhd diagnosis
dr. goldstein is the chief scientific consultant for neurotech 


the only cpt with a built-in distractor system for optimal ecological validity
gamified cpt, more “in-tune” with today’s world of stimulations
online, cloud based - maximized convenience with maximized security

click here to learn more






 neuropsychologist-created tests by dr. sam goldstein






decoding emotional complexity with the disruptive mood questionnaire (dmq)
discover the intricacies of emotional behavior with dr. goldstein's groundbreaking disruptive mood questionnaire (dmq). 
the dmq offers a deep dive into mood behaviors like aggression and impulsivity. it's tailored for different ages and genders, making it versatile for real-world applications. set for a global launch in 2024, it's a must-have tool for anyone dealing with emotional complexities. for more info visit: guinti psychometrics 


download handout
view other tests


download handout
view other tests










ask dr. sam

do you have a question or a topic request for dr. sam?
ask it here!



















some of dr. goldstein's works
neuropsychologist - author - test developer - educator














ted talk - the power of resilience
videos












the complexities of child development in the twenty-first century
articles












little sherrie and the anywhozz circus
books













the consequences of the choices we make
articles












one minute to better parenting series with dr. sam goldstein
audio series












rise™ assessment
tests












a wall apart
theatre












watch mhs webinar
videos







the latest from dr. goldstein











articles


view articles









books


view books by dr. goldstein









tests


view tests









appearances


read more







 









						copyrights © 2025 all rights reserved by sam goldstein.  
					


home / contact















