




 thatsmysite.com




















home
content
rss
log in


thatsmysite.com

		  just another wordpress weblog    





search for:



 

home
aboutbanner exchange 








free web hosting


            june 29th, 2008 by nexus08                      

            2 comments »
          


free web hosting is often all you need to host your website. and the 		price is definately right. free hosting services are great for personal 		webpages, and small non-commercial sites. many profesional webmasters use 		free web hosting to reduce their costs when hosting many sites.
many free webhosts will give you a sub-directory for your site. for 		example, your websites address may look like – 		“http://some-free-host.com/~yoursite/”. a better option, provided by some free 		web hosting services, is to have your own sub-domain, in which case, your 		websites address would look like “http://yoursite.some-free-host.com”. a few 		free web hosts will even host your own domain if you have one.
in order to pay their bills, most free web hosting services require that 		you show their ads on your site. these ads generally include banners and often 		popup ads.
free web hosting is generaly limited in a number of ways. most free 		hosts do not allow server side scripting such as cgi, or php. also, the amount 		of storage space and data transer (referred to as bandwidth) allowed is 		normally limited.
things to look for in a free web host
when looking at the free web hosting options you should first think 		about what you might need, and then find a site that provides those options. 		the following is a list of options you should consider:

storage space – more is better. look for at least 20 megs.
bandwidth – again, more is better. look for at least 500 		  megs/month.
scripting – even if you don’t need it now, you should look for a site 		  that allows cgi scripting.
free subdomains – subdomains are shorter and normally easier to 		  remember.




2 comments »


            posted in hosting 



how to choose a web host


            november 23rd, 2007 by nexus08                      

            no comments »
          


there are many considerations to make when choosing a location to host your website.  free web hosting is a great way to try web development with out spending a lot of money.
cheap web hosting is often all you need, while premium web hosting adds the bells and whistles needed to run dynamic websites.
dedicated servers are great for high traffic sites, or where added control is needed.  managed servers offer the advantages of dedicated servers and the added comfort of knowing the software is upto date, the latest security patches have been installed, and more.



no comments »


            posted in hosting 














subscribe
				subscribe to my blogs feed			












pagesabout
banner exchange

free banner exchange rules
terms of service




archives

june 2008
november 2007


categories hosting (2)





meta

log in



  


back to top


	© 2025 thatsmysite.com  · proudly powered by  wordpress
&
green park 2
  by  cordobo.


  valid xhtml 1.0 transitional | valid css 3  






