





the bronx opera – includes profile, performances, ticket information, and children's program.
























skip to content



















 

home
shows

this season
past seasons


about bxo

our history & mission
our staff & alumni


get involved

support
volunteer
audition


gallery
our community
contact

get in touch
plan your visit


 









 























 
donate














contact




























 























 










						…a typically polished effort that bubbled with musical and dramatic life from start to finish.
					
new york magazine 











						inventive stagings and impressive cast.
					
new york times 











						i used to think opera sucks . . . not any more.
					
megan berry, p.s. 46, the bronx 











						if this were the best of all possible worlds, there would be bronx operas going strong in every neighborhood of the country, melding local folks and promising youngsters in deftly staged productions of the rare and the common, feeding the grand companies with new talent and helping opera itself to thrive. this is, however, new york, so we must be cheered by the mere existence of this little gem of a company.
					
newsday 











						a consistently appealing quality of a bronx opera production is the engaging sense of community that pervades the performance – without, i hasten to say, any hint of slighting high professional standards.
					
new york magazine 











						…seldom have i had so much fun.
					
new york daily news 











						people were turned away in droves from the bronx opera co.’s sold-out performance of douglas moore’s ‘the ballad of baby doe’…bronx opera’s production captured the story’s excitement splendidly.
					
daily news 











						sometimes eager, fresh, young singers can vitalize an operatic staple that seasoned professionals take for granted, and this talented cast communicated all the excitement of a masterpiece discovered for the first time.
					
new york magazine 











						consistently first-rate.
					
new york times 









 

 


















our mission 





















our staff & alumni 





















this season 

























our community 





















support 





















gallery 










































upcoming performances 






get tickets for hansel and gretel here!







hansel and gretelby engelbert humperdinckfriday, january 31 @ 7:30pmsunday, february 2 @ 2:30pm  cosí fan tutteby w.a. mozartsaturday, april 26  @ 7:30pmsunday, april 27  @ 2:30pmsaturday, may 3  @ 7:30pmsunday, may 4  @ 2:30pm all performances take place at the lovinger theatre at lehman college, in the bronx. 






check back soon for tickets to cosí fan tutte






















donate to bxo 



the bronx opera is a registered 501(c)(3) non-for profit organization. to donate, please follow the link below. we thank you for your support!any donations are greatly appreciated and may be sent to:the bronx opera company5 minerva place, 2jbronx, new york 10468 







 
donate










































































our partners 







 







 







 







 



























follow bxo 











 






 






 












support bxo 









 









subscribe to our newsletter 









 





















the bronx opera company, inc. 5 minerva place, 2jbronx, ny 10468bronxopera@gmail.com 
































search

 search









© 2021 bronx operawebsite by bold soul.
all rights reserved. 

 
























