home › magnolia state bank, eastman, ga 
homeskip to main contentskip to footerdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files.fdic logofdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. governmentmagnolia state bank personal businesstoggle navigation  search this site  search now  login login× closeonline bankinguser id  learn moreenrollforgot username search this site  search nowpersonal business

deposits


checking

savings

cds & iras

magnolia partners



loans


personal loans

home loans

personal credit card



services


mobile banking

digital banking

convenience services

card services



about us


our story

news

mr. angel

meet our directors


board of directors

jr. board of directors



meet our team


executive leaders

market presidents & branch managers

lending team

customer service

financial office



careers

locations & hours

contact us



resources


banking with kids

branch & atm locator

calculators

security tips

switch kit

faq

helpful links



magnolia state bank president's day hours
 
in observance of president's day, magnolia state bank will be closed on monday, february the 17th. we will resume regular business hours on tuesday, february the 18th.
if you need to access your account information, our 24-hour telephone service, online banking, and mobile banking are always available for you! close alert 




personal checking

with families in mind



compare accounts



    banking with ease
the future of banking is here! and we're ready.  digital banking    the perfect home
start your search with getting pre-approved.  home loans    keep your money growing
have flexibility and security with magnolia platinum.  savings click here to stop the slider's autoplay feature click here to start the slider's autoplay feature   our services  
fully curated for you.
    
in your community
at magnolia state bank, we take pride in our involvement in our community. 

news

 open modal   
where to find us
here's where to find our various locations and hours of operation. 

locations & hours
 open modal   
anytime, anywhere
we have mobile banking services from mobile deposit to apple pay and more!

mobile banking
 open modalclick here to stop the slider's autoplay feature click here to start the slider's autoplay feature         community spotlight  
hear from some of our most valued customers
    
“i would like to thank magnolia state bank and allen long for a fast & smooth closing.”
  “as a realtor you need a lending institution to take care of your clients from contract to closing.  so, i would like to thank magnolia state bank and allen long for a fast & smooth closing.  magnolia state bank is one of the best banks i’ve had the pleasure of working with.  magnolia state bank has always been professional, efficient & courteous to their clients.  also, magnolia state bank has been my personal bank for 40 years.”
-roger tim moore, evans realty llc    
"the experience was great and was very personable."
  "magnolia state bank has been able to work with us in terms of actually securing the land first because that's how we started out. david dyer was very helpful for us in that respect and then after that, coming back a year later and actually securing the construction loan for it, we were able to close this out and put them both together. the experience was great and was very personable. he allowed us to make decisions and he gave us some options as well in terms of what we could do. the bank made it very smooth in terms of everyone involved so it was very easy."
-don parker, homeowner    
"magnolia state bank has helped make the next chapter of my life smooth sailing."
  
"my loan officer constantly stayed in contact with me 24/7.  if i had a question or concern regarding any aspect of the loan process he would immediately call or text me.  if i needed help from anyone at the bank, they were quick and effective to help with my needs.  i would recommend magnolia state bank to anyone looking for a home loan. magnolia state bank has helped make the next chapter of my life smooth sailing."
-crystal ivory, homeowner 
 click here to stop the slider's autoplay feature click here to start the slider's autoplay feature   







over 100 years working for you.




industry expertise



  







keep your business growing.




magnolia business



  







switch with ease.




switch kit



 click here to stop the slider's autoplay feature click here to start the slider's autoplay feature   
let's stay in touch 
  sign up to receive updates and offers on our products. * required field
leave me blank for email collection.

name * (newsletter signup) email address * (newsletter signup) sign me up there was an error submitting the form.thank you for signing up!back to the topfacebook instagram linkedin youtuberouting #061202533 | nmls# 455692

contact us

consumer notices

terms of use

privacy policy

consumer alerts

accessibility statement

©  magnolia state bank member fdicfdic equal housing lendercredit cardscustomer service for cardholders: 1-800-423-7503lost/stolen: 1-844-634-7669debit cardsfalcon domestic: 855-961-1602international: 727-227-2447created by banno 

©  magnolia state bank member fdicfdic equal housing lender 
