


middle-market private equity | charlesbank capital partners






























skip to main contentour firmour firmaboutaboutapproachportfolio resourcesresponsibilityteamstrategiesstrategiesoverviewflagshipcredittechnologyinvestmentsnewslp login(link opens in new window)this website uses cookies. for more information, visit our privacy policy. accept our cookie policymiddle market private equity,  experienced partners for growthour proven investment strategy focuses on the middle market, where we have a long history of helping companies unlock value and accelerate growth. 27years since we spun out of harvard university's endowment to form an independent private equity firmabout us180+team members across our boston and new york officesteam3complementary strategies: flagship private equity, technology opportunities and credit opportunitiesstrategies$22btotal assetsinvestmentsfirm inception 1998. other figures as of 9/30/24. see full footnote at bottom of page.stewardshipbefore establishing charlesbank in 1998, we managed an investment portfolio directly for the harvard university endowment, and we took our name from the nearby charles river. having an initial investor with such a long-term approach and a storied brand has informed the partnerships forged with all our investors and our approach as stewards of their capital. across our three strategies, we invest with conservatism and integrity, aiming to leave all our constituents better off than when we began.
more about usnews & insightscharlesbank’s technology opportunities strategy named to growthcap’s “top growth equity firms of 2024”searchlight cyber acquires assetnote to enhance continuous threat exposure managementaptean enters into definitive agreement to acquire logilitybridges consumer healthcare announces acquisition of category-leading consumer health brand kt tapesee all newsboston200 clarendon street54th floorboston, ma 02116(link opens in new window)(617) 619-5400(link opens in new window)new york575 fifth avenue36th floornew york, ny 10017(link opens in new window)(212) 903-1880(link opens in new window)contact:financeinvestor relationsmedia
lp login(link opens in new window)linkedin(link opens in new window)copyright © 2025 charlesbank capital partners. all rights reserved. a fine site(link opens in new window)sitemapprivacytermstotal assets reflects the total of (1) the fair market value (fmv) of investments held by the funds, including all related vehicles; (2) the fmv of investments held by entities included in the fund ix overage program; (3) uncalled committed capital for each fund or related investment vehicle; (4) the fmv of investments held by third-party investors in charlesbank-sponsored co-investment vehicles, including uncalled committed capital for such vehicles; and, (5) uncalled committed leverage available to the charlesbank credit funds.


