








welcome

















































workplace




assessments
why lectatests? 
about lectatests 

leadership
leader development 
lectica for the c-suite 
team fit snapshot 
lectica inside 




recruitment
human capital value chain 
role complexity analysis 
recruitment tools 







resources




lectica institute
event calendar 
foundations of lectical assessment (fola) 
lectical assessment in practice (lap-1)
vcol in practice (vip)
clinical lectical interviewing (clip)
micro-vcol maker intro




knowledge base
vcol
youtube 
medium 

research
benchmarks 
articles 
reliability and validity 
theory and methods 
case studies 




learning tools
free micro-vcols 

who we are
the basics
our nonprofit mission 
dr. dawson's cv 
certifed consultants 
legal






schools




grades 4-12
about discotest 
why discotest? 
why change education? 
white paper 






connect

contact
contact 
newsletter 

social
facebook 
linkedin 

support
donate 
donors 



sign in
















welcome to lectica®








lectica develops 21st century minds




robust mental development and skills for lifelong learning are basic requirement for navigating the complexity, uncertainty, novelty, and challenges of this century.
lectica offers a fully integrated approach to supporting optimal mental development and life-long learning. it includes:

a method for identifying the constellation of skills required for building expertise/virtuosity in any area of endeavor;
a universally applicable lifelong learning method (micro-vcoling) that leverages the brain’s built-in learning mechanisms to support the development of robustly integrated and agile minds;
resources for building micro-vcoling skills; and
assessments that not only measure mental development but also help learners and educators identify “what comes next.”








free crisis relief for all of us
featuring the mighty micro-vcol™
good-in-a-crisis vcols
we're sharing several of our most effective stress- and crisis-management learning tools.






lectica first
lectica first makes it affordable to screen any and all applicants for the fit between their mental skills and role requirements—prior to taking any other action.
we'd like to connect you with a certified consultant who will demonstrate what lectica first can do for your recruitment system.
learn more






lectica inside
check out lectica inside—our talent development toolkit!

if you're interested in developing talent while creating a vibrant learning culture in which everyone learns optimally from everyday activities, lectica inside is for you.
see the lectica inside page for details.
learn more








we want to show everyone how to learn better, faster, and more enjoyably. so, we created vip, a powerful little course that will change your life by transforming the way you learn. if you are 16 years or older, vip is for you.
learn more







did you know that eight of the world economic forum's top ten leadership skills for 2022 are vuca skills that are directly targeted by the ldma?
join us in lap-1 and learn how to use lectical assessments to help clients build the skills they need most—efficiently and effectively.
more info







people are saying...




kurt fischer, harvard graduate school of education
the team at lectica has produced the best practical application of developmental theory since piaget came on the scene in the 1930s.






tom curren, hawthorne consultants
not only is discotest a remarkable achievement in its own right, but dr. dawson and her team have what it takes to make it a reality.






antonio battro, one laptop per child
lectica's work represents a much-needed complete rethinking of what it means to do educational assessment.






renee owen, rainbow community school
lectical assessments measure the kind of deep, meaningful learning that prepares students for a lifetime of growth and accomplishment.






riina raudne
amazing work you do—thank you so much on behalf of humankind!






david daniel
i didn’t start enjoying learning as an adult until i took the ldma.















hours of operation
© 2025 lectica, inc. all rights reserved. lectica is a not for profit 501(c)(3) corporation.






























selected funders

ies (us department of education)
the spencer foundation
nih
dr. sharon solloway
the simpson foundation
the leopold foundation
donor list



selected clients

glastonbury school district, ct
the ross school
rainbow community school
the study school
long trail school
the us naval academy
the city of edmonton, alberta
the us federal government



key literature

about discotest®
mission statement
articles validity & reliability



advisory board

antonio battro, md, ph.d., one laptop per child
marc schwartz, ph.d. and former high school teacher, university of texas at arlington
mary helen immordino-yang, ed.d., university of southern california
willis overton, ph.d., temple university, emeritus

















