




green bay yachting club





















































































contact us







lighthouses







leadership







member info







home

































                    green bay yachting club, inc.











                      welcome to the green bay yachting club website
                      and home to the historic grassy island range lights
                    










                    the green bay yachting club was established in 1934 and is located at the mouth of the fox river where it empties into lower green bay. as a community of people who love water and boating, our members share and enjoy that common bond. 

                    whether you are sailors, power boaters, yachtsmen, or landlubbers, we invite you to join us. we have social memberships available. 

                    we are proud of our home, which features our beautiful marina, clubhouse and bar with plenty of parking available, both in the water and on the land. 

                    among our many offerings:

                    • 83 seasonal boat slips handling boats up to 44 ft

                    • gas dock

                    • 25 ton marine travel lift and winter storage opportunities 

                    • reciprocal agreements with other clubs

                    • winter storage

                    • monthly events
                  











                  every week
                






                tuesday   -   mexican food night, 
                                     pot o' gold drawing, 
                                     & pool league

                thursday - good buy burger night,
                                 happy hour & cribbage

                friday  -  best fish fry in town

                sunday  - packer season potluck 
                                   during football season
                            & broasted chicken dinner
                                     based on demand
              


















nearshore marine forecast 




green bay, wi (54302) weather map



green bay entrance light wi














calendar link






                check out our calendar for all the happenings. let us know if you are having an event we should add to it.
              







 you apparently do not have javascript enabled on your browser lest you would be viewing an rss feed here from rss dog 












                check out our calendar for all the happenings. let us know if you are having an event we should add to it.
              






aaaaaaaaaaaaiii 


