










superior interiors











 












 

93 
londonderry turnpike, hooksett, nh 03106
phone: 603.627.0688 ~ fax: 603.644.1330 ~ email:
rpackardjr@yahoo.com 



 







a few words from the owner, randy packard jr.; "my 
            grandfather started packard auto seat cover back in the 1940's.  now in our third generation, superior interiors continues to serve 
            all of new england.  we offer the finest upholstery services 
            for the needs of your hot rod, antique auto, new or used vehicle, 
            motorcycle, boat, camper or rv, household furniture, office 
            furniture, restaurant seating, and more.  superior interiors 
            still maintains the old skool values of excellent customer service 
            and outstanding work at a fair price.






             


            in addition to upholstery services, we also offer top quality truck 
            and automotive accessories, snowdogg snow plow sales, installation, 
            and service, and convertible top installation and services.  
            many thanks to all of our customers over the years.  our 
            customers, both new and repeat, have made us one of the finest 
            upholstery and accessory shops in new england. although the times 
            have changed, superior interiors continues to maintain the same 
            family values."




             



             


visit our facility and retail store 
located at 93 londonderry turnpike in hooksett, n.h. today!










								mon-fri 7am - 6pm, saturday by appointment only, 
                                closed on sunday.
 















				 






 



annual service for your convertible top

-check & grease frame-

-clean and inspect drain tubes-

-check & fill hydraulic pump-

-seal convertible top with water proofing & 
uv protection-









$149.95
 





               

            call and schedule your appointment for your service today.
 





				 



 





 


 
web site designed and 
maintained by g & e web 
design
 












 





menu










































































