





hdmi licensing administrator, inc.






















    if you are having problems seeing website images please make sure you update your browser to the latest version.
    
×

























chinese

|

extranet login








home


specifications



specifications overview


hdmi specification 2.1b


hdmi 2.1b overview


8k60 / 4k120


ultra high speed hdmi cable


dynamic hdr


source-based tone mapping (sbtm)


enhanced audio return channel (earc)


enhanced gaming features


variable refresh rate (vrr)


auto low latency mode (allm)


quick frame transport (qft)


quick media switching (qms)


cable power




hdmi specification 1.4b


premium cable


hdmi passive adapter





adopters


becoming an adopter


new hdmi adopters


hdmi founders


hdmi adopters


embedded licensees


terminated adopters


enforcement search tool


about hdmi forum


adopter-only extranet




resources


resources overview


hdmi cables


testing resources


testing policies


test equipment manufacturers


authorized test centers (atc)




licensing and trademarks


hdmi as a brand


trademarks guidelines


royalty discounts


hdmi logos


brand enforcement




enforcement search tool


report an infringer 


approved connectors




press events social


press releases


announcements


events & plugfests


hdmi blog posts


tweets @hdmi licensing


press resources


archives


press releases


announcements


blogs
































                hdmi forum announces hdmi 2.2 specification
            
96gbps bandwidth and next-gen hdmi fixed rate link technology for a wide range of device applications, supported by ultra96 hdmi cable

learn more ...




                8k experience
            
hdmi technology enables higher video resolutions and faster refresh rates including 8k@60hz and 4k@120hz
learn more ...




                enhanced gaming features
            
faster, smoother and seamless experiences featuring variable refresh rate, auto low latency mode and more
learn more ...















become an adopterjoin the world's most innovative manufacturers that have shipped billions of hdmi devices. access the hdmi® specifications and use the hdmi trademarks.learn more...











hdmi 2.1b specificationthe most recent hdmi® specification supports higher video resolutions and refresh rates including 8k60 and 4k120, even resolutions up to 10k.learn more...











hdmi authenticatereport an infringer. you can report suspected counterfeiters and help ensure only licensed products are within the hdmi ecosystem.learn more...












press releases
announcements






 january 06, 2025
                        
hdmi forum announces version 2.2 of the hdmi specification






 january 05, 2021
                        
more hdmi® 2.1 enabled products reach the market bringing advanced consumer entertainment features to a wide audience 





 february 04, 2024 
hdmi la speaking at audio and video industry forum in beijing 





  august 10, 2023 
the hdmi forum releases version 2.1b of the hdmi® specification













trademark usageget guidance on the proper use of the hdmi® logo and other trademarks.learn more...










hdmi cable guidemake sure you understand the various cable types and the required packaging logos.learn more...










upcoming events and plugfestsfind out more about upcoming events and plugfests. learn more...










premium high speed hdmi cablefind out more about certification and verification.learn more...
















hdmi® licensing administrator, inc. (hdmi la) is the agent appointed by the hdmi forum to license version 2.1b of the hdmi specification and is the agent appointed by the hdmi founders to license earlier hdmi specifications.



latest posts



upcoming events





hdmi blog posts





follow @hdmilicensing







useful links





about hdmi technology





becoming an adopter





trademarks & logos








our contacts

usa

    hdmi® licensing administrator, inc.
    
    550 s. winchester blvd,suite 515
    
    san jose, ca 95128, usa
    
contact hdmi la












2025 © all rights reserved.
                                

privacy policy


|


terms of use


|


login







the terms hdmi, hdmi high-definition multimedia interface, hdmi trade dress and the hdmi logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of hdmi licensing administrator, inc.
last updated: 




















