 





ottik moving brothers in swindon - award winning moving company





















































skip to content





 

ottik moving brothers in swindon
award winning moving company




    

home
about us
blog  

choose a moving company
hire the services
its benefits
its importance
successful moving


contact us
 







ottik moving brothers in swindon

 









what are the benefits of hiring a moving company?


posted on october 26, 2023november 17, 2023 
its benefits 






if you are one of the people who has never had to hire a moving company, we know how complicated it is to choose one of them at random. the most common thing is to ask a friend or family member for a recommendation or ask the company where you work. however, lately, we search on google and pay special attention to the reviews and opinions of other clients who have already used their services. when the economic factor is the most important, it is easy to fall into the temptation of taking charge of our move, which means renting a van and involving family and friends or hiring a “low-cost” company via wallapop.  











 
 










swiondon moving company 



we tend to believe that a moving company is expensive, but if we consider it carefully, what price do we put on our time? 






 
what happens if my friends have a last-minute commitment? 



 
what procedures do i have to follow? do i need any permission? 









read more













there are many reasons why hiring a moving company is a great idea. here we leave you some of them. 







 





you save time. a competent and specialized moving company will offer fast and quality service. .  



the work that you would take several days to do, a moving company will do in one or two and within an acceptable schedule without disturbing the neighbors at night.  







 







it's safera professional moving company will make a checklist, or detailed inventory, of all your belongings that you will move so that nothing is lost along the way.  



 it will offer you the possibility of contracting personalized and comprehensive insurance, which will take care of any accident during the move. 

















 









appropriate material and tools.
 



 a good moving company has the appropriate tools for assembling and disassembling furniture, as well as the necessary packaging material for each item. carefully protecting the entire move is key to avoiding damage and incidents.  on the other hand, in case of complicated access to the home, it is essential to choose a moving company that has a lifting platform, although not all of them have this tool. 












 












 











 

















trained and experienced moving staff in swindon. 



 hiring a serious moving company in swindon gives us peace of mind and confidence that we will have a team of trained operators with extensive experience in the sector. your belongings will be safe and in good hands. 















 



permit management and advice.
 



in most cities and towns in spain, the application for an ovp permit (occupation of public roads) has been mandatory to move and park trucks and vans. find out if your current city or where you are moving must comply with these regulations to avoid inconvenience with the police and the corresponding fine. moving companies are obliged to know the regulations and laws in force at all times. 







furniture repository.
 



 some moving companies have a furniture storage service, a good resource if you need to store your belongings in a safe place for a certain or indefinite period. for example, if at your destination you need more space for all the furniture or the delivery of the keys to the new home takes time. in addition, they usually have 24-hour surveillance and specialized insurance.  



 







 



unforeseen. 



during a transfer, some unforeseen event may arise. another advantage of hiring a moving company is knowing and knowing that they will take care of it.if you have doubts about whether you should hire a moving company for your move, we hope to have resolved them, and if you still need more information, we will be happy to assist you. we have all these top-quality services. contact us and ask us for a quote without obligation. 















customs paperwork in case of international moves.if your move is international, it is essential to hire the services of a company that specializes in customs removals. this will be in charge of all the documentation management at the export and import customs in the new country. cleaning service, waste management, and donation of belongings. it is very useful to hire the cleaning service that some moving companies offer to their clients so that you do not have to deal with this work on the same day as the service and you can dedicate it to placing your most precious objects in your new home. in addition, it is also of great help that the same company manages the waste caused by the move or takes care of the furniture, appliances, or objects that we want to transport to the landfill or green point. there is also the option of giving away or selling what we do not want to take to the new destination, even donating it to entities that can give it a second use. nowadays, all moving companies are required to have general merchandise transportation insurance according to the lcttm (goods transportation contract law), which will protect the loading and unloading tasks and accidents of the means of transportation, in addition to rc (civil liability) insurance for possible damages to third parties. 





…                                    
                        read more                    








why hire the services of a moving company?


posted on october 25, 2023november 17, 2023 
hire the services 

 a moving company is the best solution for those people who need to change their address in the summer or have to move from one place to another. the professionals in this sector are the best guarantee for a safe transfer without damaging our belongings. of course, choosing a reliable moving company with the necessary experience is very important. security, professionalism, and savings are three fundamental pillars of a moving company. experience in these cases is a degree, and professionals in the sector are the most suitable for it. in addition, the moving price will be a minor issue when we realize all the services such a company can provide us.
if we hire a company of this type, we will save time during the move. they can take care of everything so that we can meet the deadlines and be in the new home within the established deadlines. if we organize the move independently, the times will always be uncertain.
what tasks do moving companies perform?
its primary function is to move belongings from one home to another. however, each company offers its clients other functionalities to simplify this process.
among the activities that a good moving company can offer is the packaging of all furniture, objects and household appliances.
to do this, it has specialized personnel who will always protect and move your belongings so they do not suffer any damage, including fragile items such as tableware or paintings.
on the other hand, they are also in charge of processing all the necessary permits for a national or international move. these procedures represent a considerable saving of time that the client generally does not have available.
another significant service they can offer suggested to review in the budget is the disassembly and subsequent placement of the furniture in the new home.
this involves solving problems that may arise, such as, for example, moving furniture into a building that does not have an elevator.
the furniture storage service, which may be necessary if the time between vacating the property and handing over the keys to the new home is short, is interesting.
this is a service for safeguarding belongings for as long as necessary with all security measures.
suggestions when selecting a moving company
without a doubt, one of the fundamental elements to consider during the move is choosing a company that always fits the budget and offers quality service.
a prior investigation into the companies dedicated to this field is suggested. it is advisable to study different options and value the opinions of other clients.
you can rely on comments from friends or family members who have recently moved. in any case, compare the conditions offered by each company. or you can read more about the benefits of hiring moving companies online.
benefits of hiring a moving company

it helps minimize the stress produced by packing and moving all the contents from one home to another.
it offers security for the furniture and belongings that are moved.
it has expert and qualified moving personnel competent in offering appropriate solutions to any inconvenience.
…                                    
                        read more                    








the importance of hiring a moving company


posted on october 24, 2023october 26, 2023 
its importance 

changing the environment, moving places, leaving old walls and exploring new constructions is a very exciting initiative that traces a path of new alternatives.
however, the move is the most tedious part of this change. certainly, wrapping and packing is one of the most frustrating, stressful and sometimes eternal tasks when transporting from one space to another.
unless you have extraordinary organizational skills, patience and enviable luck so that, in the end, everything in the process goes according to the project (which rarely happens), moving is an activity that needs to be simplified.
at first, it may seem like an easy task that can be done successfully on your own and in less than a day because, after all, how difficult could it be to organize, store and move?… right?
this is why many people leave all the hustle and bustle in expert hands and think it is essential to hire a moving company to take a similar weight off their shoulders.
what can we expect from a moving company?
in most cases, each moving company is responsible for providing a comprehensive service, taking care of the fundamental tasks of moving, classifying, packing and carefully packing furniture and valuables with specialized materials to prevent them from suffering any harm.
they then transfer them to their respective vehicles and transport them to the destination site.
hiring a moving company is the minimization of dangers.
the point of hiring a moving organization is to minimize dangers because accidents are a feasible reality when handling many objects.
 this is why, with the help of experts, materials and special tools, it is faster and safer to hire a moving organization that, in any case, runs the risk. in addition, they enable a timely response, rather than doing it alone and being left with a disaster. 
benefits of hiring a moving company
greater security: as a fundamental task, every moving company executes a list (checklist) or detailed inventory of all the furniture, belongings and objects that will be placed under its responsibility.
 time savings: a good moving company will continually offer a fast, safe and quality service.
in this way, a moving organization not only prevents a possible disaster but also acts efficiently by completing tasks in record time that may take you considerably longer.in that sense, there is no error void; everything reflected in the checklist cannot disappear or be lost without leaving any backup. likewise, every moving organization commonly provides insurance for any mishap during the move.
  by the way, each moving organization must legally have at least general insurance, known as the goods transportation contract law.
 specialized materials and tools: one of the giant differences between moving organizations and informal moving is the availability of tools for assembling and disassembling furniture that make the job much safer, easier and more successful.
carrying a huge and heavy object between 2 people at risk of getting hurt or falling is not the same as transporting the object using an elevated platform.
for the reasons mentioned, it is very important to have a moving company that offers a professional service.… 
                        read more                    








successful moving: how to choose the best moving company for your next move


posted on october 23, 2023october 26, 2023 
successful moving 

moving a home or business is a stressful and complex process requiring careful planning and much work. choosing the right moving company is one of the most important decisions you must make when planning a move. hiring a reputable moving company can save you time, money, and headaches, while choosing an unreliable company can result in a negative experience that affects your property and wallet. in this blog post, we will discuss the importance of choosing a reputable moving company and how it can help you have a successful move.
the risks of hiring an unreliable moving company
selecting a reliable moving company is essential to ensuring a hassle-free move. sadly, using an untrustworthy moving company can result in several unpleasant risks and outcomes, including financial risk, theft, delays, and loss or damage to priceless belongings.
if the things are priceless or sentimental, it can be especially frustrating if the moving company is untrustworthy and loses or damages them during the relocation. in addition, if the moving company fails to meet scheduled deadlines, there may be moving delays, which could aggravate and frustrate the client.
theft of items during the move is another danger associated with using an untrustworthy moving company. dishonest personnel of certain unreliable moving companies may steal things while they’re being moved.
clients may suffer severe financial and psychological consequences as a result of this.
hiring a shady moving business carries significant financial dangers as well. getting your money back could not be easy if you pay in advance for a moving service and the provider doesn’t follow through on the agreement. financial issues and more stress may result from this.
how to choose a trustworthy moving company
it would help if you made several crucial considerations when selecting a reputable moving company. ensure the firm has the necessary permits to operate in your area and prior expertise in the moving sector. you must also look up online reviews to find out about other customers’ experiences with the business and get referrals from prior customers. ensure the business has sufficient cargo insurance in case of any loss or damage while being transported. additionally, ensure the business is registered with the appropriate authorities and get a comprehensive budget that breaks down all expenses. ensure the organization has the right cars and equipment for the transfer and thoroughly evaluate its staff before hiring them. comparing and researching several movers will enable you to
keys when choosing a moving company
at some point in our lives, we all have to face the tedious task of moving: when occupying our first home, when changing residence, etc. sometimes, the packages that need to be transported are so few – or so we believe – that we decide to carry them ourselves. nevertheless, many who have already gone through this strongly suggest using a moving company’s services because, among other things, they are professionals at the job and understand how to move furniture and other valuables without endangering them. nevertheless, when we learn about the poor experiences others have had with this respect and how their valuables have not arrived in optimal shape, our dread of entrusting our priceless possessions continues to rise. selecting the appropriate moving company is essential to averting this, but how? the keys are yours.… 
                        read more                    








how to choose a moving company


posted on october 22, 2023october 26, 2023 
choose a moving company 

in the market, many companies offer to take our furniture and objects wherever we tell them, assuring us that they will do so with the greatest guarantees. however, in some exceptional cases, they still need to achieve this. so that it doesn’t happen to you, this is what you should keep in mind when choosing a moving company:
request several quotes
the only way to choose well is to do so between several options. go with something other than your first one just because it’s the cheapest. there are many pirate companies in the sector, and the best way to avoid them is to avoid bargains and avoid quotes over the phone without a prior visit. it is best to be proactive, request quotes from several companies well in advance, and take your time before deciding on one.
check prices from at least three companies that offer guarantees, such as belonging to a recognized business organization. make sure the budget also accounts for things like the move’s origin and destination (local, provincial, or international), the kind of belongings (fragile, antique), the mode of transportation (road, sea, or air), the dates of execution (holidays, weekends, or high season), etc.
evaluate the risks
ensure that the company is registered in the municipal registry, has civil liability and merchandise insurance, and its personnel are insured. if you want more guarantees, choose one that is part of a moving association since it must pass quality filters to be registered.
analyze the risks and commitments of the company before trusting it with your belongings. please read the fine print carefully and look for what they guarantee and the exact service they provide. trust only a little in a company that has a known registered office.
packaging and transportation
before choosing a moving company, find out about the type of trucks or vans they use to provide their services. it is also important to know how they pack products, what criteria they follow when transporting more fragile objects, how they pack clothes, etc.
some moving companies pack the objects the day before and at no cost to the consumer. but if you decide to pack your belongings yourself, although it is cheaper, you may get worse results. after all, companies have more resources and a variety of packaging systems. in addition, they are not responsible for breakages in the contents of the boxes you have packed since they do not know the objects’ state before packing them.
how long it takes to do the job
ask what the estimated time it will take to complete the job (ideally, agree on several trips to make) and if the job is direct, that is, if they move your things from your old house to the new one without stopping at a midpoint. if not, find out where they will leave your things.
the reputation of the company
find out what reputation the moving company you want to choose has. look for opinions on the internet to find out the degree of involvement of the workers and their client’s satisfaction level.
with adequate foresight, planning and organization, choosing a moving company that lives up to your expectations is not complicated. also, before making the move, ask what is the most advantageous way to cancel the home insurance for the old house and register again for the new one.
﻿… 
                        read more                    












recent posts


what are the benefits of hiring a moving company?


why hire the services of a moving company?


the importance of hiring a moving company


pages

about us
contact us

contact information 
address: western gate, hillmead enterprise park, langley rd, swindon sn5 5wn
email: quotes@ohthethingsiknow.com
phone: 01793 881214


follow us 








 


                    copyright © 2025 ottik moving brothers in swindon. all rights reserved | moun10 by theme palace 


  









































































































































































































































































terms and conditions - terms and conditions - privacy policy



