homepage - discovery guided tours                        about usour teamcancellation policyfleetf.a.q.sshore excursionsrome civitavecchianaples portsalerno portlivorno portla spezia portsicily portvenice portsightseeing toursrome cityrome surroundingsspecial packagestransfersairportportprivate city transferstrain station transferday tripsrome to umbriarome to tuscanythe neapolitan regionabruzziblog     contact us      +39 06.999.77.65 +39 339.159.25.40info@discoveryguidedtours.com       name* surname* phone number* e-mail* which city do you want to visit?* when would you like to travel?* how many people will participate?* message* special promotion and offerlast minuteprivate tours of rome and surroundingsrome tours & rome surroundingsthe real and memorable trip you deserve! discover our tours   special promotionprivate toursprivate shore excursions, the mvp of tours!learn more about our special prices! discover our tours   let’s start with some benefits discoverytourspassionate servicediscovery tours’ team will cater to your special requests. we offer expert and passionate advice for finding the right tour.tailored toursall tours are private scheduled and all our suggested itineraries can be customized in order to suit your specific interests.secure bookingdiscovery tours reservation system is secure and your credit card and personal information is encrypted. we guarantee your privacy.any question?call us on (0+39) 339.1592540 for individual, tailored advice for your perfect stay or send us a message with your service booking query.highlight holidays with discoverytours excursions and tours day trips 10.5 hours    pathways of faith: a day to assisi & cascia from romedaytrip from rome: assisi and cascia
experience a taste of umbria’s spiritual and historical treasures on this brief but meaningful day trip from rome to assisi and cascia. though these towns are not close to each other, a carefully planned itinerary ensures you can visit both while savoring their unique charm and significance.
assisi: the timeless legacy of st. francis
begin your day with a quick visit to assisi, a hilltop town steeped in spirituality and history. known worldwide as the birthplace of st. francis, the town exudes an air of peace that has made it a pilgrimage destination for centuries.  what is there to see in assisi?  the basilica of st. francis, a unesco world heritage site. this awe-inspiring basilica, split into two levels, showcases some of the most celebrated frescoes in western art. works by world renowned masters vividly illustrate the life of st. francis and his message of humility and love for all creation.
stroll along the via san francesco
a picturesque street lined with stone buildings, artisan shops, and cafes, to reach the church of santa chiara, dedicated to st. clare, one of st. francis’s closest followers. this beautiful pink-and-white church holds her relics and the famed crucifix that is said to have spoken to st. francis.
for those with a love of nature, make a quick stop at the eremo delle carceri.
this tranquil retreat was where st. francis and his followers prayed and meditated, surrounded by the stillness of nature.
in between visits enjoy a quick bite to eat in a local café, indulge in some local street food
such as porchetta sandwiches. a succulent, herb-stuffed, slow-roasted pork, is a local favorite. stuffed into crusty bread, it creates a hearty and flavorful sandwich. or the arvoltolo, a fried dough snack similar to a savory pancake, dusted with sugar, or topped with local cured meats and cheeses.
cascia – a haven of hope and miracles
after taking in the wonders of assisi, journey through the scenic mountains to cascia, a picturesque town perched in a tranquil valley. cascia is famously associated with st. rita, one of the catholic church’s most beloved saints.
here you can visit the basilica of st. rita, a modern yet elegant sanctuary that holds the saint’s remains.
pilgrims from around the world visit this sacred site to seek her intercession and draw inspiration from her remarkable life, which was marked by forgiveness, devotion, and perseverance in the face of great suffering.
take a moment to visit the monastery of st. rita, where she spent much of her life in prayer and service.
the town itself invites you to wander its quiet streets, where time seems to slow down, allowing for peaceful reflection.  in conclusion, both assisi and cascia are the keepsakes of religious relevance. aside from pilgrims from all over the world, these towns welcome visitors that are looking to enrich their knowledge of the italian countryside, with mesmerizing architectures, breathtaking views and nestled in the glorious hills of central italy.
after your day trip to assisi and cascia, your tour driver will take you back to your location in rome.price from €155.00details   day trips 10 hours    a trip from rome to timeless treasures of assisi and gubbioa day trip to the timeless treasures of assisi and gubbio
enrich your roman vacation with this wonderful journey through the rolling hills of umbria. on this day trip from rome, you will explore the beautiful gems of assisi and gubbio. discover an ancient medieval allure and natural beauty this area has to offer. where winding green hills embrace the architectures, art and history in a perfect blend for all to admire.
assisi, a sacred land on earth  after your tour driver has picked you up from your hotel in rome, he will share all sorts of anecdotes and fun facts on your way to your first destination. assisi: a unesco world heritage site, and birthplace of the patron saint of italy, st. francis.
what to see in assisi, you absolutely cannot miss:  the basilica of st. francis: with stunning frescoes by giotto, it is the perfect place to learn more about the life of the saint.
 santa chiara: built in the 13th century, it houses her tomb and the famous san damiano crucifix. the basilica's design is simple yet elegant, reflecting the spirituality of this saint and her order. it remains an important pilgrimage site.
 san damiano: a small church near assisi, where st. francis had a vision of christ asking him to "rebuild my church," inspiring his mission. later, it became home to st. chiara (clare). known for its simplicity, it remains a peaceful site of spiritual reflection.
 porta san giacomo: it is one of the ancient gates of assisi. it dates back to the middle-ages and it links the basilica of saint francis with the rest of the town. from here you can enjoy the breathtaking views, the architectures and the tranquility of the lifestyle
 piazza del comune: in this heart of the village, you will be surrounded by the typical medieval charm that is common in this region. such a rustic environment, you can feel it’s historical beauty.
the setting is beautiful, ancient wonder perfectly in tune with olive groves and beautiful landscapes.  the journey continues to the enchanting gubbio
next, travel to gubbio, one of the most well-preserved medieval towns in italy. the mind-blowing architectures are nestled in the hills of the countryside, province of perugia. the views of the mountains are going to take your breath away.
some of the best things to visit in gubbio is certainly palazzo dei consoli is one of the many things you can see there. take a look at this imposing gothic palace with its impressive museum and panoramic views. a stop at the fantastic gothic cathedral of gubbio is absolutely required. the town's panoramic belvedere is only a few minutes away. the cathedral hosts beautiful architectures, paintings and frescos.  you can then visit the basilica di sant’ubaldo, a lovely church perched on top of the hills over gubbio.
take the cable car! for a bird’s-eye view of the town and the surrounding landscapes.
on top of the hill, near the church, is a quaint restaurant, perfect to enjoy a local meal with a view. (if it’s not too windy, we highly recommend)  stroll along the narrow alleyways, discover artisan shops, and delight in local specialties like crescia (a savory flatbread).  at the end of the day, your tour driver will take you back to rome and to your drop off location.
whether you’re a history enthusiast, art lover, or simply seeking a serene escape from rome, this day tour promises unforgettable moments. from assisi's spiritual serenity to gubbio's enchanting atmosphere, your journey will leave you inspired and reconnected with the timeless beauty of italy.price from €118.00details   day trips 10 hours    exclusive day trip from rome to orvieto: truffle hunting, wine, and historic charmdiscover the flavors and history of umbria: a perfect day trip from rome
escape the chaos of rome and immerse yourself in the charm of umbria with this exclusive day trip to orvieto. combining the thrill of a truffle hunt, the indulgence of fine wines, and the wonder of italian history.
an immersive truffle hunt
the day begins with a scenic drive through the rolling hills of umbria, leading you to a picturesque estate near orvieto.  here, an expert truffle hunter and his trusted canine companion will guide you into the immaculate countryside. venture through abundant vineyards and pristine forests as you uncover the secrets of truffle hunting—a tradition deeply rooted in umbrian culture. as you follow the truffle-hunting dogs who will guide you directly to the delicious discoveries.  along the way, enjoy fascinating stories about the history, techniques, and importance of these prized culinary gems.
gourmet dining and wine tasting
after your truffle hunt, head back to the estate and winery. to indulge in the flavors of umbria with a gourmet lunch featuring freshly found truffles. a 3 course meal, prepared by a skilled chef. each dish celebrates the essence of this delicacy and is perfectly paired with four delicious local wines, carefully chosen to elevate your dining experience. before lunch, take a guided tour of the winery’s cellars to learn about the artistry and passion behind their craft, adding depth to your tasting experience.
the charm of orvieto
after savoring the region’s culinary treasures, head to the hilltop town of orvieto, one of umbria’s most iconic destinations. stroll through its cobblestone streets, filled with artisan shops, historic buildings, and breathtaking views.  this unforgettable journey offers a true taste of italy’s heartland. what is orvieto best known for?  il duomo di orvieto: a gothic marvel. a 13th century massive church, perhaps the tallest building in town. it's visible from miles away. with it's beautiful façade, gold mosaics, reliefs and frescoes. a true gem in the countryside.
 il pozzo di san patrizio: saint patrick's well. a jewel of renaissance, over 50 meters deep, this well is a marvelous example of 16th century engineer
 i sotterranei: orvieto's undergrounds, a intricate system of caves and wells and tunnels, dug underneath the town. they are as old as the etruscans.  a seamless blend of indulgence and exploration
this thoughtfully curated day trip offers the perfect balance of relaxation, discovery, and indulgence. from the earthy thrill of truffle hunting to the grandeur of orvieto’s cultural landmarks, every moment is designed to immerse you in the magic of umbria. whether you’re a food lover, a wine connoisseur, or a history enthusiast, this journey promises unforgettable memories of italy’s rich heritage.  sit back, relax, and let the charm of umbria enchant you on this exclusive adventure.price from €300.00details   rome surroundings 10 hours    viterbo and bomarzo toura trip to the countryside!
on a short trip from rome, you'll arrive in the quaint countryside of a town called viterbo, an etruscan origin as many towns in the area. even though it is said that this village was founded in the early centuries anno domini, it's historical relevance started with the fortification by the northern king, desiderius, in the vain attempt to conquer rome. it has later become one of the papal states, and desired by emperors, for centuries, due to its favorable strategic position. when finally, in 1905, it became a free commune.
it hosts incredible buildings and structures, aside from the breathtaking views.
like the papal palace an outstanding building adjacent to the duomo of viterbo, it has actually hosted papacy for approximately 20 years. since rome, at the time of pope alexander the 4th, was becoming too violent. viterbo was the perfect environment for the holy see to continue its work. so of course, this papal palace is an incredible building, absolutely worth a visit.  the duomo of viterbo right next door, is the town cathedral dedicated to saint laurence. built in the 12th century where a smaller church used to be. a few interesting notes about this cathedral are the beautiful original facade from 1570 and the fact that it is built on top of an 8th century church, which was originally built on top of a temple in devotion to hercules.
aside from these main sites in viterbo, there are several other attractions to visit
like the medieval  neighborhood, hosting incredible architectures. and the national etruscan museum. viterbo is not the only charming place you'll see.
in fact there are a few other stops your tour driver will make, that will make your head spin! bagnaia and bomarzo
visit villa lante in bagnaia  one of the greatest structural accomplishments of the italian 1500s.
in villa lante, you will see the fountains of the moors, the two mansions (gambara and montalto), and a spectacular system of the fountains and water games and a beautiful park. the entire villa (between the garden and park) occupies a surface of 22 hectares. the particularity of lante villa is shown by the magnificence of the garden, especially in the architectural work.
you will have lunch in a typical “trattoria” before visiting bomarzo.  bomarzo is a fantastic garden. it slips into the theatrical, symbol-laden traditions of the baroque period. unsurprisingly, after several centuries of neglect, it was rediscovered during the 1950s by surrealist artist, salvador dali, who found inspiration in the garden’s mixture of natural and bizarre design. after a beautiful day in the countryside, visiting the most magical, hidden locations, you’ll return to your requested location in rome.price from €98.00details   rome surroundings 8 hours    bomarzo, caprarola and calcata tourdiscover the wonders of bomarzo, caprarola, and calcata  take this unforgettable tour, if you are looking to explore the surroundings of rome: a journey to discover some truly amazing hidden gems of the region. the monsters park of bomarzo, the quaint village of caparola and the enchanted calcata, will offer you a memorable experience.  first stop: the monsters park of bomarzo  your tour begins with a pick up from your location and a picturesque drive to the countryside. bomarzo, approximately a one-hour drive from your starting point, hosts an enchanted park, immersed in the green hills and the forest. the so-called parco dei mostri (the monsters park) is an extraordinary and surreal garden filled with strange and unsettling sculptures. inspired by ariosto’s orlando furioso, this unique site was created by vicino orsini, duke of bomarzo, in a rivalry against the illustriousness of caprarola and the villa lante. each corner of the park offers a fascinating story, blending fantasy with history in a way that is truly incomparable.  then you’ll head for caprarola and the palazzo farnese  from bomarzo, you’ll continue to caprarola, where you'll visit the renowned palazzo farnese, a masterpiece of renaissance architecture.
this palace was designed by cardinal farnese in 1525 and should’ve served as a fortress. however, it was later transformed in one of the most beautiful palaces in the region. inside, you'll admire the exquisite work of celebrated artists.
the palace is surrounded by the summer and winter gardens, featuring fountains, grottoes, nymphaea, and an array of statues that line the paths between the hedges and grand staircases. two bridges connect the palace to the vast italian garden and the park behind it, offering breathtaking views and serene landscapes.
note: if the farnese palace in caprarola is closed on the day of your visit, an alternate stop at the magnificent orsini-odescalchi castle of bracciano  will be arranged. this historic castle overlooks the tranquil bracciano lake, adding a unique charm to your itinerary.  a delicious lunch  your private tour driver will be happy to make some recommendations on where to stop for a delicious local meal in one of the many great trattorie or restaurants.  final stop: the enchanted village of calcata  on the return journey to rome, the final stop is calcata, a beautifully preserved medieval village perched on a cliff.
once a prominent center of the ancient faliscans, calcata has evolved into one of the most picturesque and charming towns in the region. its narrow streets, artisan shops, and panoramic views make it a perfect conclusion to your day of exploration.price from €110.00details   rome surroundings 7 hours    tivoli tour with villa d’este and adrian’s villaexplore the timeless beauty of tivoli on a private tour
discover the perfect day trip from rome with this exclusive private tour of tivoli, a destination steeped in history and adorned with some of the most exquisite gems of the italian renaissance. just a short drive from the eternal city, tivoli offers a captivating blend of ancient roman grandeur and breathtaking renaissance elegance.
step into the grandeur of hadrian’s villa
begin your journey with a visit to the unesco world heritage site, hadrian’s villa, the sprawling summer retreat of emperor hadrian. this remarkably preserved complex showcases the wealth and power of ancient rome. walk through its magnificent grounds to admire treasures such as the naval theater, the large thermal baths, a reconstructed porch of ancient athens, and a replica of an egyptian shrine.
explore the hadrian’s villa museum
which houses precious artifacts unearthed during excavations, offering a glimpse into the opulent lifestyle of one of rome’s greatest emperors. this monumental estate continues to astound visitors with its architectural splendor and historical significance.
savor local flavors in tivoli
after immersing yourself in ancient history, your driver will take you into the heart of tivoli, where you’ll have the opportunity to enjoy lunch at one of the local restaurants. your driver will happily recommend authentic spots to indulge in regional cuisine, providing a delicious break before the next part of your tour.
stroll through the enchanting villa d’este
next, visit the enchanting villa d’este, a 16th-century masterpiece built by cardinal ippolito ii d’este, the grandson of pope alexander vi. renowned for its stunning renaissance gardens and intricate fountains, villa d’este is considered one of italy’s most beautiful estates.  wander through the villa’s geometrically designed paths, arched walkways, and crypts, marveling at the artistry of its fountains, which include the famed fountain of neptune and the oval fountain. this serene setting, with its romantic ambiance and elegant design, is the perfect way to conclude your exploration of tivoli.
a journey into history and beauty
at the end of your tour, your driver will escort you back to your requested location in rome, ensuring a comfortable and seamless return. this private tivoli tour offers a unique blend of history, art, and natural beauty, making it an unforgettable escape from the city.  let the timeless allure of hadrian’s villa and villa d’este transport you to an era of elegance and grandeur on this incredible day trip.price from €87.50details   rome surroundings 8 hours    bracciano lake and surrounding villagesif you want to do something different, consider a relaxing day out in the country, to explore the bracciano lake and surrounding villages!
you will travel to lake bracciano, to visit bracciano, trevignano romano, and anguillara sabazia.
quaint villages, of medieval wonder and rustic charm, surrounded by green hills, in a beautiful setting.
first off bracciano! famous for its outstanding 15th century orsini-odescalchi castle.
visited by important personalities such as john kennedy and tina turner, and of course tom cruise and katie holmes’, who used the castle as their wedding venue.  *upon request, if you’d like to visit the castle of bracciano, you can buy your ticket at the booth and as an alternative to the group tours which they usually arrange,
a great way to visit the castle and its museum is to create your personal, fun itinerary to visit the estate on your own. with the delightful help of a video
and audio guide, that you can easily download on your phone by scanning a qr code at the entrance. with wonderful explanations, videos and more.
another charming town is anguillara sabazia. hosting an impressive hillside historical city center and amazing panoramic vistas
and finally, trevignano! this village simply reflects and beauty, the traditions and the eagerness to preserve it’s ancient history.
the architecture and rustic features are simply breathtaking.
we highly recommend opting for a lunch in one of the many restaurants with an exclusive position overlooking the lake! a chance to taste some local delicacies and enjoy breathtaking views. however, upon request of course, we offer a personalized option to consider:
we can arrange, for a small additional cost, a full meal with beverages in a unique location. a beautiful terrace overlooking the lake, with a privileged panoramic scene.
although the menu may change depending on the seasonal specialties, the personalized lunch would typically include:  a jubilation of different home-made appetizer, bruschettas, frittatas and so on
 homemade “pasta” dish served with delicious sauce or other
 local home-made desserts  all served with sparkling water and carefully selected local wine
if you'd like to take advantage of this option of "lunch in the veranda on the lake", you can select this during the booking process, to add directly to the cost of the tour.  after lunch, we will continue to calcata, one of the best preserved medieval rock towns (literally built in a rocky cliff) in italy.
calcata has a certain magic to it, the atmosphere is pure and overwhelming. this medieval destination is mostly lived by poets, writers, artists and solitaires.  at the end, your private tour driver will take you back to your requested location in rome.price from €87.50details   rome city 8 hours    rome in a day tour with colosseum & vaticanas if a day in rome wasn't enough, we will take you for a private tour of the vatican museum and the sistine chapel!
a private tour in rome to remember
enjoy a full day tour in rome and the vatican city with your private luxury vehicle. your personal tour driver will pick you up directly from any place you want, from your hotel or other.  and your tour begins! drive by piazza venezia,the impressive circular square, with buildings and monuments enclosing it. with the infamous balcony from which mussolini gave his speeches, on one side. or l'altare della patria, monument to the last king of italy vittorio emanuele the second, a giant marble white, ancient temple-shaped building that climbs on the side of one of rome's legendary seven hills, capitoline hill.  also known as campidoglio, it hosts incredible views of the piazza venezia on one side and the roman forum on the other, the perfect division between the ancient roman past and the present.
speaking of ancient roman times, you will head for the colosseum
a stop to see the mighty colosseum up-close is definitely a must!
walk ancient ways of the roman forum and palatine hill  drive by the circus maximus,a field used mostly for concerts and political events today, but it was once an arena used to entertain romans while they watched and cheered during water spectacles, fights or reenactments. it was often used as movie sets, like in the film benhur.  to remain in the roman theme, circle back around into the city center, characteristic for it's narrow cobble streets that lead to so many wonders. like the pantheon! an ancient roman temple with a beautifully decorated dome and an incredible history. created in ancient times, to worship all gods, it is now one of the active catholic churches in rome.  to learn more about the pantheon, visit our blog!  then there's piazza navona, not to far from there. a renaissance delight, with incredible architectures and beautiful fountains, like the four rivers fountain, by bernini.  the streets filled with cute little boutiques, old buildings, ivy crawling over the facades and window sills, reveal beautiful wonders, that you will not find in any other place on earth!  like the spanish steps. a beautiful street with the famous sets of stairs that climb into the shape of a giant butterfly up to the square of trinità dei monti, which offers incredible views of the spanish steps below and the busy via dei condotti, famous for the most in vogue haute couture stores.
one of the adjacent streets hides possibly the most famous fountain in the world
the trevi fountain is another mandatory stop. embedded in a tiny little square, is the world famous fountain. with  sculptures of different water related scenes, sea shells, dancing horses and poseidon. waterfalls and pools of crystal clear water. what an amazing work of art. make sure to toss a coin over your shoulder and make a wish! legend has it, it will guarantee your return in rome.  all this touring can sure work up an appetite!
lucky for you, all of our tour drivers not only know the perfect places to see in rome, they also love food and know the best restaurants in town! so your tour driver will be happy to recommend the perfect restaurants, trattorias or pizzerias depending on what you are in the mood for.  finally, you driver will take you at the vatican museums where you will continue the tour to explore the museums and the sistine chapel!
prepare to sigh! we dare to find something as beautiful as the vatican museums and sistine chapel
*upon request, we can arrange one of our qualified guides to take you to a once in a life time experience inside the vatican museums and sistine chapel.
other wise you will enjoy your time inside the museums and sistine chapel alone, freely and at your own pace! without having to stick to a strict itinerary a guided tour would inevitably have.
just know that depending on the number of visits in a day, some wings might be closed. but this won’t matter at all, we can assure you, there is just so much to see, you’ll hardly even notice!  to fully assist you, we do offer the possibility of adding skip the line tickets with privileged entrance directly during the booking process. at the entrance, the customer service will hand you a map of the site, for you to explore the different areas of the museums and the sistine chapel!  what you will experience would includes is a system of wings and halls and terraces, including the cortile della pigna, belvedere, pio clementino museum, the gallery of candelabra, the gallery of tapestries, the gallery of maps, and raphael’s rooms.
next, you will visit the beautiful sistine chapel. the breathtaking, overwhelmingly beautiful creation for you to admire!
from there, you'll head back to the exit, a trod on the famous cylindrical stair case. another undisturbed masterpiece, called "momo" designed by an italian architect in the 1930s, inspired by bramante's double helix staircase from the 1500s, inside the pio clementine museum, a wing of the vatican museums. from the momo stair case you'll exit the museums to find your private tour driver eager to hear your opinions on the experience. and you'll return to your hotel location in rome in time for the afternoon tea.price from €87.50details   rome city 7 hours    rome in a day tourwelcome in rome! there is really no better way to start a roman vacation than with this private tour.
one of our personal tour driver will welcome you at your hotel or any other place of your convenience in rome, to whisk you away, on a 7 hour trip through history, art, archeology and the basic rome way of living that is just a delight and so interesting to experience.  this tour of rome will start off with a stop in the famous piazza venezia a famous circular square constantly beaten by hundreds of cars and vespas and motorini (what we call mopeds and bikes). while horns are blaring in the traffic, passerby's always in a hurry and the famous italian charm for hand gestures and raised voices the main constant, all you will notice is the monumental structure overlooking the piazza.
a monument dedicated to italy's last king victor emanuel the second, and resting place of the unknown soldier.
a fallen soldier from ww1 that is laid to rest there to honor and tribute every italian soldier who's fought and fallen in every war old or recent.  you can notice an imposing horseman in a giant bronze statue, overlooking the entire city center, to magnify the importance of the italian kingdom in its glory days.
and just above is a building, temple-like in structure, with white marble steps and columns, placed on top of one of rome's legendary hills. italian flags hanging on it's ends. this monument is really hard to miss.  fun fact: the monument of victor emmanuel, officially called altare della patria (the altar of the nation) is also known simply as the wedding cake. for it's distinctive shape, built in white, marble layers, one floor after the other. resembling a big white wedding sheet cake.  this altar shares its space with capitoline hill, capitol hill or simply known as campidoglio.
it is one of rome's 7 hills placed in between campus martius and the roman forum, and it is head of the roman government,
with an incredible square commissioned by pope paul the third and created by michelangelo himself in the 16th century. but capitol hill does not only hosts rome's city hall, the mayor's office and the capitolini museums (which offers a vast amount of marble artifacts, artwork and other curiosities from roman times) but it offers amazing views of the city below, on one end of the hill is piazza venezia, campus martius and modernization, on the other the ancient citadel of the roman forum. 
a perfect balance between present and the past.
speaking of roman forum, you absolutely go across via dei fori imperiali, an ancient way in rome that crosses this part of town, with the forum's archeological site on both sides. envision temples, market places, marble buildings and life conducted in these squares centuries ago. this is where roman senate would reunite, where citizens would gather to worship archaic divinities and conduct their business. to keep the ancient roman theme alive, walking straight through the ancient roman forum you will arrive at the colosseum
the one and only colosseum, the flavian amphitheater
an ancient, imposing structure built to delight and entertain the people of rome, in the prime of its years. with gory, cruel hunts and gladiator fights but also fun scenes of naval battles, where they would fill the arena with water and float around in ships. a colossal building in the heart of rome, to gather the people, to bring people together. we absolutely recommend a stop here.  but rome is full of wonderful things to see, in a fun, intuitive and entertaining way. with squares, steps and fountains and churches.  take piazza navona for example  the most extravagant of rome’s square, adorned with the fountain of the four rivers by bernini, and the church of his rival, borromini. visit piazza della rotonda, where you can see the pantheon, the best preserved and enchanting monument of ancient times.  the spanish steps  a wonderful square, world famous for the beautiful stair case that comes down from trinità dei monti with beautiful views of  via dei condotti, intersecting with via del corso. the most "in" streets for shopping, with great boutiques and haute couture.  walking along the narrow streets you can find other curiosities such as the mighty pantheon on piazza della rotonda, the once temple dedicate to all the gods, the ancient roman building is now an active catholic church. then, of course there is the trevi fountain, a little further down the streets. make sure to take tons of pictures of this magnificent fountain that attracts so many people from all over the world, in that small square.  this private tour is a whirlwind of emotions!  you'll be catapulted into the middle ages, ancient roman times, then to renaissance times, and back to roman times. with a stop to grab a quick bite to eat, if you like. your tour driver will know the perfect place.  in fact, near the end of the tour, you will have to make another mandatory stop at the aventine hill, another majestic hill, hosting picture perfect views of the eternal city. then head to the circus maximus, where chariot races were performed in imperial rome, as we can see in one of the classic american movies, ben hur.  at the end of the tour, your tour driver will take you wherever you like to be dropped off at, hotel or other.  this itinerary can be tailored and can change, so it's not a strict preview. all this is just to give you a taste of all the wonderful places you could see during your time out on the streets of rome.  *upon request, the icing on the cake would be to reserve one of our professional guides: if you want to enrich your activity, we highly recommend selecting the service of one of our expertise guides for the day!price from €87.50details   rome city 4 hours    half day tour in romeif you are looking for something easy going during your time in rome, this half day tour is the perfect introduction to the city's most famous highlights.
a rome in half a day makes for the perfect tour!
in four hours we can arrange a personal fun entertaining tour driver, pick up and drop off included.  if you have any specific requests, if you'd like to see anything in particular, please let your tour driver know!  drive by some of the most amazing places, like the famous via veneto, an exclusive street dotted with trees and a more tranquil living, next to the us embassy with bistros and boutiques. closed off by ancient roman walls.
piazza barberini, an amazing square in the historical center of rome
it hosts fascinating buildings, and a beautiful fountain resembling triton. drive by the quirinal hill, one of rome's legendary 7 hills which hosts beautiful views of the eternal city and the palazzo quirinale, residence of the president of the italian republic.  traveling through beautiful streets, you must make a few mandatory stops to visit sites
like piazza venezia and capitoline hill, to view enormous monuments and breathtaking views
from there you can stop along the famous shopping district via del corso, walk a beat into the quaint, narrow streets to reach the quintessential places that belong in any bucket list: the spanish steps and the trevi fountain.
beautiful medieval, renaissance wonders and roman curiosities, above all.
continue by visiting other sites such as the roman forum and the mighty colosseum. take your time, walk around it, take pictures! after all, the colosseum is the main event to many, for so many reasons.  before the tour ends, make sure to stop by the basilica of saint peter's and its square  more sites and curiosities, less known than the places listed above, will be brought to your attention during this tour.  *upon request, the icing on the cake would be to reserve one of our professional guides: if you want to enrich your activity, we highly recommend selecting the service of one of our expertise guides for your half day tour!price from €57.00details   rome civitavecchia 9 hours    private rome tour from civitavecchiathis may be the best way to visit rome while docked in civitavecchia port
on a day trip to the eternal city you will have a private tour driver to swiftly pick you up in leisure transportation, from your dock, to take you on a marvelous tour.  while traveling on ancient roads, lined with centenary pine trees, you’ll reach the city center. you'll visit the highlights of rome, some attractions known all over the world, other true hidden gems waiting to be discovered.
the colosseum, one of the most well known venues. a pillar of roman architecture  a stroll around the ancient roman forum, is definitely a must to truly appreciate ancient ways where in the roman life, the senate, the market place and temples to worship archaic gods and conduct business.  piazza venezia is next on the list. a famous square with a gigantic, temple-like building, a giant horseman, king vittorio emanuele, in striking pose, prepared for battle, hosting the tomb of tombs, the unknown soldier, one fallen soldier to voice the loss of every italian soldier near and far.  on the other side of the square is mussolini’s balcony, infamous building from which the "duce" used to gather crowds and deliver megalomaniac patriotic speeches.  continue along the busy via del corso, to find yourself immersed in the picturesque atmosphere. a giant street with dozens of tiny narrow streets crossing it, in which you can find via margutta, the street of the artists, piazza della rotonda, with the famous pantheon, the trevi fountain, the spanish steps, piazza navona, famous for beautiful fountains and renaissance buildings, and more.  you will see things like never before, with new eyes. discovering curiosities and architectures and history to make your head spin. like the maps of the empire, the arch of constantine; columns, decorated in marble reliefs or hieroglyphs, like the one of marcus aurelio. and the house of the italian parliament and council of ministers.  other roman curiosities are capitoline and palatine hills, circus maximus, where ancient romans used to conduct gory battles and entertaining spectacles, trajan's column, then the giant marble foot and the cat street, the temples of apollo, vesta and janus. all fantastic things to see, we don't want to spoil the surprise.
all these curiosities can sure work up an appetite!
luckily for you, your tour driver not only has good taste in arranging the best activity in rome for you, but also enjoys a good meal. with the ton of trattorias, restaurants and such, he will select the best ones where you can enjoy a nice, traditional italian style lunch.
the exploration continues with a drive by along the tiber river, from where you can see castel sant'angelo,
a marvel in architectures, curios shape and history. an ancient roman building of massive proportions. commissioned by emperor hadrian, it was supposed to be his and his family's mausoleum. however after its initial purposes were dismissed, with the advent of christianity, it was converted in a fortress in the papal reign.  fun fact: legend has it, castel sant'angelo was connected with the vatican, through underground tunnels, used in case the pope had to flee from vatican city or not to attract attention.  but speaking vatican city, you cannot leave rome without seeing saint peter's basilica first!  this beautiful church, pillar of christianity, with incredibly tall ceilings and impressive domes, is a must see when in rome.  a vast amount of statues, paintings, frescos, make this church a wonderful exposition. from bernini's pulpit, placed on top of saint peter's resting place, to the tombs of the popes in the undergrounds and the marble "pietà" by michelangelo, you will not be disappointed.  at the end of such an experience in rome, your tour driver will take you back to your cruise ship with wonderful stories to tell and beautiful memories of such a great time.price from €105.00details   rome city 4 hours    christian rome and churches tourprivate tour of rome’s historic churches
this private tour is perfect for anyone who wants to experience rome’s most famous and beautiful churches. upon pick up, you’ll be greeted by your personal, english-speaking driver at your requested location in rome. then, you’ll embark on a 4-hour journey that will take you to some of the most important religious sites in the city, with plenty of time to enjoy and learn about each one.
basilica di san clemente: a church built through time
your first stop will be the basilica di san clemente, a unique church built on three different levels, each representing a different era, ranging from the 1st to the 12th century. as you explore, you’ll discover an ancient 1st-century roman house and a 4th-century church beneath the church itself, offering you a rare glimpse into rome’s layered history. in addition, you’ll learn how each level reveals more about the evolution of christianity in rome.
basilica of san giovanni in laterano: the oldest church in rome
next, you’ll visit the basilica of san giovanni in laterano, the oldest church in rome and the official church of the pope. this stunning church, one of the city’s four major basilicas, boasts remarkable artwork, ancient relics, and historic monuments that reflect rome’s significant role in the development of christianity. moreover, the grandeur of its architecture and rich history make it one of the most important religious sites in the city.
the scala santa: the holy stairs
following this, you’ll make your way to the scala santa (holy stairs), which are believed to have been climbed by jesus christ in jerusalem. pilgrims from around the world come to ascend these sacred steps on their knees, making it an essential part of christian pilgrimage. in addition, your guide will share the fascinating history behind these steps, adding to their profound spiritual significance.
basilica of the holy cross in jerusalem: a place of pilgrimage
next, you’ll visit the basilica of the holy cross in jerusalem, one of the seven pilgrim churches of rome. this church, founded in the 4th century, is famous for holding fragments of the true cross. as a result, it draws pilgrims from across the world who come to venerate these relics. the church is also known for its romanesque architecture and beautiful mosaics, making it a true gem in the city’s religious landscape.
basilica di santa maria maggiore: a beautiful marian church
the final stop on this tour will be the basilica di santa maria maggiore, one of the largest and most important churches dedicated to the virgin mary. notably, this church features exquisite 5th-century mosaics, which are among the best examples of early christian art in rome. furthermore, the church’s architectural beauty and historical significance make it an unmissable site.
comfortable and convenient transportation
throughout the day, you’ll enjoy comfortable transportation, with your driver providing a smooth journey between each church. in addition, your driver will stay with you at each location, assisting with entry and ensuring you have everything you need while you explore. as a result, you’ll have the flexibility to spend as much time as you like at each site.
end of the tour: return to your hotel
at the end of your tour, your driver will take you back to your hotel or any other location you choose in rome. ultimately, you’ll leave with a deeper appreciation for rome’s rich religious history and beautiful churches, making this an experience you’ll remember for years to come.price from €87.50details   rome civitavecchia 7 hours    private rome highlights tourprivate rome highlights. the title says it all!
if you are not big on long day tours, this just might be the perfect solution for you. a nice, 7 hour private rome highlights tour from pick up to drop off, to visit the absolute best sights in rome.  highlights of rome is the perfect combination of convenience, time and comfort.  your personal tour driver will welcome you with open arms (with a sign with your name, between them) directly at the dock of your cruise ship!
all of our tour drivers in rome have special permission to access the restricted docking areas of civitavecchia port
after a quick introduction, a nice chat to learn more about your day, you will arrive in rome. the eternal city.  of course, we are famous for being flexible and for offering tailored options, to satisfy every possible need. but just, for a review on what a highlights of rome tour would entail, here is all the details.  driving on cobblestone streets, surrounded by centenary pine trees, you'll be transported in different period in times, just by looking out the window from your passenger's seat. bypassing some archeological sites as the piramide of caio cestio, embedded in the surrounding atmosphere of the aurelian walls and the entrance of the neighborhood of aventino, one of the most characteristic neighborhoods of rome.
a pyramid from the roman ages, standing on the exact spot where the primary ancient roman roads intersect.
driving along viale aventino you'll find the famous circus maximus to your right
the famous ancient roman stadium hosted so many competitions that it's purpose, perfectly suits the name. a circus, of ancient times, traditions and glorious stories. just behind the circus maximus, still visible are the ruins of the palatine hill. another historical landmark in rome.  behind palatine hill stands tall the colossus, the one and only colosseum,. while you enjoy your tour drivers anecdotes and details, as you approach the colosseum you can step out to take pictures! if you'd like to visit it on the inside, your tour driver will be happy to wait for you by the vehicle. and you can find options to book skip the line tickets during the booking process, just in case.
the drive around continues
next off the list is capitoline hill, where the town hall and mayors office is. capitoline hill may just be the symbol of rome, aside from the colosseum, since it's where the politics and well-being of the city are discussed.
passing by piazza venezia, you will find italy's last king's memorial. as many italian landmarks, it is quite hard to miss, not just because of it's enormous sizes.
driving toward the city center, take a detour, to the amazing pantheòn, hidden in the piazza della rotonda, surrounded by tall buildings in tiny cobble streets. then off to the trevi fountain. you can't say you've seen rome, if you haven't made a quick stop to see this gigantic fountain. more importantly, if you haven't tossed the coin into it.  since you are already in one of the most gorgeous areas of the city, we highly recommend stopping in campo de fiori, or trastevere, two ancient neighborhoods, filled with so much beauty and history. but more importantly, filled with amazing places to eat!  enjoy a traditional roman meal in one of the squares of the neighborhoods. sip on a glass of red wine and take it all in. your highlights of rome will continue with one, very special, final stop.  saint peter’s basilica! one of the holiest places on earth! admire its high renaissance and baroque architecture.
with its greatness of art and golden details, marble and mosaics, the atmosphere is overwhelming. be sure not to miss michelangelo’s pieta, completed when the master was only in his 20s.  just when you think you've seen it all, heading back to your cruise ship, you will drive through some of the most enchanted, picturesque scenery in italy.price from €100.00details   rome civitavecchia 9 hours    private vip tour of rome and vaticaneverybody should feel like royalty when visiting rome and vatican city: this special all-inclusive shore excursion is a true private vip tour of rome and vatican
rome is a remarkable city. there is so much to do and see here and adding the vatican to the itinerary, makes this private tour all the more special. and you want to make sure to cover every possible site during your cruise stop in civitavecchia. for a true, private vip tour of rome and vatican museums and sistine chapel. that's why not only we will offer you one of our highly entertaining tour driver, but one of our professional guides, for a private guided tour of colosseum, roman forum and palatine and vatican museums and sistine chapel.
let's see what this private tour includes: deluxe private transportation with personal driver, a professional highly qualified guide and all skip-the-line tickets
your private tour driver will welcome you at the dock of your cruise ship. and after a quick introduction to learn more about what you'll do on the tour, your quick trip to discover rome will begin. approaching the city you will stop on top of the gianicolo hill. a beautiful green hill that hosts incredible panoramic views of the city.
a personal guide inside the colosseum and vatican museums and sistine chapel
we offer the finest selection of expert guides, specialized in history, archeology, art and traditions of rome. your personal guide is not only very knowledgeable but will make this guided tour inside the colosseum and the vatican museums, fun, catchy and engaging. the remaining venues of rome you will enjoy with your highly entertaining tour driver.  so, what will you see when in rome?  first off, you'll cover the historical roman aspect of the city, a drive to the circus maximus, the legendary stadium, with a stop to meet with your guide at the colosseum, for your private guided tour of it's archeological park, including the arch of constantine, the roman forum and palatine hill. the glorious colosseum, an amphitheater built in ancient roman times to host all sorts of gory spectacles, like the infamous gladiator fights. the roman forum, the commercial and political hub of the romans and the palatine hill, one of rome's seven legendary hills.
renaissance times unveiled you get closer to the city center
continue with your tour driver to explore the heart of the capital. busy shopping districts and runways intertwined with fountains temples and churches piazza venezia, a memorial built in honor of italy's last king, victor emanuel ii, an architectural digest. a white, temple-like building, built in layers on the side of capitoline hill, often times referred to as the wedding cake. capitoline hill is another of rome's 7 hills, and it's, to this day, the political life of rome (location of the mayor's office), the square on top of the hill is a beautiful artful creation of michelangelo himself, surrounded by medieval and renaissance buildings, such as the town hall and the capitoline museums.
the peculiar aspect of capitoline hill is that it is placed between two different eras in time:
past and present co-exist. the roman forum behind it and the present with the busy square of piazza venezia, surrounded by renaissance buildings, that encompass via del corso, one of the most famous shopping districts in the capital.  driving across via del corso, several narrow streets intersect. many of which will bring you to discover hidden gems like the pantheon. don't be fooled by the temple shaped building, with latin inscriptions. it was built in roman times, to worship "all gods" but it is, to this day, one of the most beautiful and still active catholic churches in italy. hosting incredible artworks and mausoleums of several important people in history.  before you'll know it, you will reach the monumental trevi fountain, for a toss of the coin. speaking of fountains, a stop by the adjacent piazza navona is highly recommended. a renaissance beauty, dotted with three outstanding artistic fountains, such as the famous fountain of the 4 rivers, by bernini, topped with an egyptian obelisque, so fascinating. then, of course, there is the spanish steps the iconic stair case, shaped like the wings of a butterfly.
before your private tour of rome and vatican continues
your tour driver will reunite you with your guide after a quick bite to eat in one of the many local bistros and trattorias. all the recommendations will be made.  you’ll then continue on the vatican tour of the museums and sistine chapel!  please keep in mind that saint peter's basilica may not be visible, because of the year of the jubilee. due to the limitations and time conflicting arrangements, you will be able to only view it from the outside in saint peter's square.
your guided tour of the vatican begins: vatican museums contain an incredible collection of art and treasures. your guide will walk you through a portion of this fascinating museum. such as the stanze di raffaello, raphael's rooms, the gallery of the maps and the tapestries, the belvedere and the cortile della pigna, etc. then you will reach the one and only sistine chapel. the ultimate masterpiece by michelangelo, including wonderful frescoes of the creation and the last judgement. but the walls and ceiling on the whole chapel are one major work of art, to which other artists contributed, such as botticelli, ghirlandaio, pinturicchio.  from the chapel, you will head back to your tour driver, who will be waiting for you in a prearranged meeting point. as your tour comes to an end, you will depart from the vatican museums and return to your cruise ship on a nice relaxing ride.
book this private shore excursion of rome and vatican with personal private guide inside the colosseum and the vatican museums, and what you will be offered is a vip once in a lifetime experience of the eternal cityprice from €225.00details   rome civitavecchia 9 hours    ancient rome touran all-inclusive ancient experience in the heart of rome
are you interested in the core ancient roman empire history? do you want an up-close experience of the mighty colosseum and other archeological wonders of the eternal city? this private tour is just what you need.
discover the roman empire!
your personal tour driver will welcome you in civitavecchia port, holding a sign with your name, directly at the dock of your cruise ship! traveling the ancient roads to the city center, you will arrive in the heart of rome to meet your guide, at "parco archeologico del colosseo" the colosseum's archeological park:  il colosseo, the pillar of rome, learn all there is to know about the colosseum
 palatino, one of the legendary 7 hills of rome
 foro romano, the square where the community would gather to conduct their affairs  get ready for an interactive experience in this archeological wonder!
*upon request, we can arrange one of our expert guides inside the colosseum, roman forum and palatine hill
select your option for a private guided tour of the colosseum, directly during the booking process!
for the best experience ever, this tour of the roman empire, can be conducted by one of our passionate guides, for a private guided tour of the colosseum's archeological park. the unimaginable wonders you will learn will leave you speechless. a perfect mix of history, fun facts and down to earth explanations, to share with you some interesting details on what makes this place so unique.
many youngsters have often asked, is it really that old? is the colosseum a reproduction of what once was? no my friends, the colosseum that we all know and love is the real deal, in the flesh. well, in stone. this giant was created nearly 2000 years ago
it was used for entertainment primarily. although the sources of entertainment was quite different back then. in fact the colosseum was built to host all sorts of games, from hunting scenes to naval battles and the infamous gladiator fights.
next on the ancient rome tour, the roman forum and palatine hill, where roman civilization truly began
you will walk through the ancient ruins of temples, markets and churches of the roman forum. here is where the ancient romans conducted their affairs, business, religious, and political. it hosted several governmental buildings and a great market place. a place to gather the people, to shop, to discuss politics, to worship pagan gods and sometimes protest. anything relevant that happened in the city center, would happen here.
there are several other places in rome from the imperialistic period and more recent, you don't want to miss  such as the arch of constantine and capitoline hill, the head of rome's politics today. hosting the mayor's office and one of the most fascinating museums on roman history, i musei capitolini. the square of capitoline hill was designed by michelangelo himself!
next on the list would be pantheon. but why not grab a bite to eat first? after your morning tour, your driver will be happy to recommend one of the best, typical roman restaurants or “trattorias” in the area.
then off to the pantheon. one of the most beautiful buildings of ancient rome. built to worship "all the gods", it was converted to church in the catholic era, becoming one of the most beautiful active basilicas in the world! and resting place to some of the most famous and important figures through time, like italy's king and queen consort and the famous artist raphael.
last but not least, you will drive to the ancient appian way
where you will have the chance to stop and visit one of the famous catacombs located in the area. you will have the opportunity of visiting rome literally on every level. these catacombs are so fascinating, you will really find their story are intriguing, in some areas of underground rome, you will find miles-long tunnels in catacombs that are even 4 stories-deep.
after such an exciting experience in the depths of rome, you will return to civitavecchia port, feeling grateful for booking this private tour with us!price from €112.50details   rome civitavecchia 4 hours    pre/post rome cruise tourdo you have a layover in the airport and don't know what to do with yourself? are you embarking on a cruise and have a few hours on your hands? this might be something fun to consider, instead of waiting patiently for your travel plans to fall into place. a private 4-hour pre or post rome cruise tour and transfer, for a quick review of the major sites.
what pre or post rome cruise tour entails is a combination of convenience, time and excitement
pick up can take place in either fiumicino (airport or hotel), civitavecchia cruise port or rome hotel. a tour of the city to visit the best famous places and then reach your drop off location, may it be the dock of your cruise ship, the airport or any other location.
it doesn't matter if you are starting a cruise or you're ending it. why spend a day, hanging around in boredom, when you can enjoy some time in rome, to take in as much as possible before your departure? a nice introduction to the eternal city or finish off your time in rome by seeing places you haven't seen previously. there is always something to see or do in rome.
a typical itinerary in three hours in rome would normally include the most famous sites  pantheon
 trevi fountain
 spanish steps
 colosseum  but you have three hours! do what you want to do, see what you want to see. your tour driver is there to assist you, give you hints and ideas. tell him your interests and places you'd like to visit and he will give you the best recommendations and take you there.
make every moment of your time count! a private transfer and small tour of rome, there is always something new to do!
consider this private rome tour and transfer to rome-civitavecchia port or fiumicino airport (or vice-versa), the cost for the transfer is included in the service!
you don’t need to worry about your luggage for this private pre or post cruise rome tour: your tour driver will stay at the vehicle at all times, while you visit rome’s sites and will guard all your luggage and personal effects.
finally, at the end of the tour, your driver will take you directly to your request location in civitavecchia, rome or airport.price from €87.50details   rome city 2 hours    rome by night tourprivate rome by night tour: discover the eternal city after dark  embark on an enchanting journey through rome by night, where the city's timeless beauty is illuminated under the glow of streetlights and moonlight. with this private tour, we’ll pick you up directly from your hotel or restaurant, ensuring a seamless and personalized experience.
experience the magic of rome at night
rome takes on a completely different charm after the sun sets, revealing a more tranquil and romantic side of the eternal city. this tour allows you to explore its most iconic landmarks, beautifully illuminated, while soaking in the serene nighttime atmosphere.
highlights of your evening adventure  capitol hill and roman forum
begin your journey at capitol hill, where you’ll have a breathtaking view of the ancient roman forum, the heart of ancient rome’s political and social life.
 colosseum under the stars
marvel at the grandeur of the colosseum, its arches glowing in the night, as you take in the history of this iconic amphitheater.
 spanish steps and piazza del popolo
stroll through the elegant spanish steps, one of rome’s most famous landmarks, before heading to piazza del popolo, a lively square that’s even more magical after dark.
 the trevi fountain
no visit to rome is complete without tossing a coin into the trevi fountain, which dazzles in the evening light. make a wish as you admire the fountain’s baroque beauty.
 the vatican city and st. peter’s basilica
head to st. peter’s basilica, where the magnificent dome is beautifully illuminated, casting a serene glow over vatican city.  unforgettable views from gianicolo hill
your tour continues to gianicolo hill, offering one of the best panoramic views of rome. from this vantage point, you’ll gaze across the tiber river to the ancient monuments and modern landmarks that define the city’s skyline.
the charm of rome’s hidden corners
as you wander the cobblestone streets, listen to the gentle sound of water from the fountains tucked away in hidden alleys. the quiet charm of rome at night will leave you inspired, offering a glimpse into the soul of this magical city.  let the eternal city inspire you
from illuminated landmarks to tranquil streets and lively squares, this private rome by night tour promises to be an unforgettable journey through the beauty, history, and romance of rome after dark. let us show you the magic of the eternal city in a way you’ve never seen before.price from €56.50details   rome civitavecchia 9 hours    civitavecchia shore excursion to rome and vaticanwhen docking into civitavecchia port, you want to make sure to experience your time in rome and vatican the best way!
that's why we are here. to offer you the best possible experience of rome and the vatican in a day.  start off with one of our private tour drivers to greet you, directly at the dock of your cruise ship in civitavecchia port. after a brief introduction, you'll tour will start. arrive in rome to find hundreds of different sceneried in one setting, a mix of ancient architectures, nature and modern infrastructure. all perfectly coexisting.
welcome to rome on a private tour of rome and vatican!
first off, piazza venezia to admire the monument of the first italian king. furthermore, there’s mussolini’s balcony, the capitoline hill (one of rome’s seven legendary hills) and the roman forum.
make sure not to miss the colosseum! after that, you’ll head to the pantheòn, trevi fountain, the spanish steps, and enjoy the outstanding view of rome from the pincio terrace, and piazza navona.  after so many fantastic things you've already seen this morning, you'll have to "carb up" for the best part of your tour!
the vatican museums
your private tour driver will take you at the entrance, that unmissable doorway, surmounted by high walls and a distinctive plaque that says " musei vaticani" he will give you all the instructions on how to enjoy your time in the museums completely along with the sistine chapel.  *upon request, we can arrange one of our expert guides inside the vatican museums and sistine chapel:
having one of our qualified guides would offer you an immersive opportunity, to learn absolutely everything there is to know about this incredible place: from peculiar traditions to art, history and literature. 
please keep in mind that saint peter’s basilica may be difficult to reach on the inside, because of the year of the jubilee. due to the limitations and time conflicting arrangements, you would be able to only view it from the outside in saint peter’s square. it is usually very crowded, lines are very long not leaving enough time for you to visit it
since we have top level experts, the costs are appropriate to the quality of service. in case you are considering one of our private guides to take an exclusive tour of the vatican, you can select its service during the booking process to add it to the cost for the tour.  however, if you are more incline to visit the vatican museums and sistine chapel, without the basilica as a priority, we definitely recommend visiting the vatican on your own. at your own pace, to fully appreciate everything you'll see, without having to stick to a prearranged itinerary. you could also consider audio-guides, with amazing explanations and virtual itineraries to choose from.  for a personalized tour of the vatican museums and sistine chapel. at a lighter rate, given the extra costs.  we will be happy to arrange skip the line tickets, with privileged entrance of course, (bookable as extras) for you to explore the vatican's freely on your own. this way you can enjoy visiting each chamber, admiring beautiful artifacts, statues, paintings and frescoes in any of the museums inside the vatican you'd like to see, entirely at your own pace! audio-guide tickets, to download directly on your phone, for an interactive tour of the museums and sistine chapel, still at your own pace.
spending your time in awe and your nose in the air! the most incredible beauty awaits!
visiting the vatican museums on your own, will allow you to visit the different wings , like raphael's rooms, cortile della pigna, belvedere, gallery of candelabra, the gallery of tapestries or the gallery of maps. and the sistine chapel. since the basilica of sain't peter's has free access, they've devoted it's entrance directly from saint peter's square, so there isn't a way to enter the basilica from inside the museums.  just know that depending on the number of visits in a day, some wings might be closed. but this won't matter at all, we can assure you, there is just so much to see, you'll hardly even notice!
last but not least, on this rome and vatican tour, the magnificent sistine chapel! this incredible masterpiece, michelangelo's heritage.
we don't want to say too much about it, because we don't want to spoil the surprise. just know that you will have some time, inside this chapel, to take a moment. to reflect on the overwhelming beauty. take a seat in one of the chairs placed at it's sides, or stand in the middle and look up, to study the different details of the scenes and stories that have inspired the artist.  then you'll head to the exit, walking along the famous spiral stairwell. still in awe, after the incredible experience.  you'll reunite with your tour driver at the exit and then head back to civitavecchia port, to board your ship in perfect time.price from €112.50details   rome surroundings 11 hours    private boat tour in tuscanya luxurious private boat tour along italy’s breathtaking shores
step aboard the ultimate exclusive experience with our private boat tour along some of the most stunning coastlines in italy—truly the definition of wanderlust. whether departing from the argentario area towns or civitavecchia port, this tour is designed to immerse you in the beauty of the tyrrhenian sea while offering unparalleled comfort and luxury.
your private cabin cruiser awaits
your journey begins at your requested location, where you will board your personal cranchi z34 speedboat—a stylish cabin cruiser perfect for exploring the pristine coastlines of monte argentario. upon boarding, your skipper will welcome you with a friendly briefing about the day’s itinerary, followed by a delightful greeting breakfast onboard. indulge in warm pastries, fresh espresso, american coffee, tea, and juice, the perfect start to your unforgettable day on the water.
cruise through italy’s exclusive coastal beauty
set sail along the tyrrhenian coastline, exploring the exclusive and scenic monte argentario region. famous for its stunning lagoons, crystal-clear waters, and dramatic cliffs, this area is one of the most coveted natural treasures in italy. your private boat and skipper will guide you through the beauty of locations like porto ercole, isola del giglio, and isola di giannutri.
a delicious italian lunch aboard
as you cruise the picturesque coastline, your skipper transforms into a fantastic chef, preparing a delicious light lunch featuring typical italian delicacies and refreshing beverages (non-alcoholic). while you enjoy the serene views from a privileged point of view, a culinary experience is just what you need!
enhance your experience with custom upgrades
for those who want to elevate their experience, we offer optional upgrades for an even more exclusive and indulgent day on the water. choose to replace the light lunch with a delicious fish-based meal, expertly prepared by your skipper, and paired with wines from italy’s finest wineries, including falanghina del sannio and passerina marchigiana.  to top off your experience, enjoy an italian-style aperitivo at sunset with a chilled bottle of prosecco, creating the perfect end to an unforgettable day on the water. these add-ons can be reserved during the booking process for a truly bespoke experience.
private transportation and customizable itinerary
for a seamless journey, we can arrange private transportation to and from the port, ensuring you are fully taken care of from the moment you depart until your return.  this private boat tour is perfect for 1 to 6 people, offering a personalized and intimate experience.  your skipper will provide expert commentary as you cruise the stunning coastline of the lower tuscan region, highlighting the breathtaking views, serene islands, and vibrant lagoons of monte argentario.
an unforgettable day at sea
after a full day of exploration, relaxation, and indulgence, your skipper will return you to port around 6 pm, marking the end of an exceptional experience you’ll never forget.  whether you opt for a light lunch or the upgraded fish feast and sunset aperitivo, this private boat tour will create lasting memories of italy’s unparalleled natural beauty and exclusive charm.price from €1320.00details   rome city 1 hours    vip ferrari tour in rome – luxury driving experiencea ferrari experience like no other
start your day with a personalized pick-up from your location in rome and travel to civitavecchia harbour, the starting point of this thrilling ferrari adventure. upon arrival at the scenic riva di traiano tourist port, enjoy a welcome coffee in an exclusive setting with the ferrari cars showcased against a backdrop of luxury yachts.
introduction to the world of ferrari
meet your tour director, an expert ferrari driver, who will provide an in-depth briefing on the features of the ferrari models (f8 spider, f8 tributo, 488 spider, and portofino). learn about:  the new 8-cylinder turbo engines.
 mastering the f1 paddle-gear shifting.
 key driving techniques to enhance your ferrari experience.  take the wheel for a practice drive, where you'll get a feel for the car and its performance before setting out on the mille miglia route.
departure for the mille miglia route
your journey begins as you leave civitavecchia, driving towards the picturesque lake bolsena. along the way, enjoy:  scenic stops to switch drivers, allowing everyone a turn at the wheel.
 guidance from the tour director, leading the group in his own high-performance car.  the route follows the iconic cassia road, passing through historic towns such as tarquinia, monte romano, vetralla, viterbo, and bolsena, offering breathtaking views of northern lazio and southern tuscany.
lunch by lake bolsena
pause for a relaxing lunch at a lakeside restaurant, such as the renowned pepenero, where you can enjoy delicious cuisine paired with stunning views.
exploring umbria: the second leg of the tour
in the afternoon, continue your ferrari journey into the heart of umbria, a region celebrated for its rolling hills, charming towns, and breathtaking landscapes. drive through:  picturesque valleys.
 endless curves perfect for sports-car driving.
 historic villages showcasing the essence of umbria’s charm.  stop in orvieto
visit orvieto, a city rich in history dating back to the etruscan era. explore:  the town’s medieval stronghold, with its tufa and basalt architecture.
 narrow streets and underground tunnels, steeped in history.
 the captivating story of orvieto’s evolution from an ancient etruscan hub to a medieval marvel.  return to civitavecchia
after the orvieto stop, drive back to civitavecchia harbour, where the tour concludes. a personal driver will then escort you back to your hotel in rome, ensuring a seamless end to your experience.
an experience for all
while you enjoy the thrill of driving a ferrari, your family or friends can follow along in a comfortable vehicle with an english-speaking tour driver, who will provide assistance and entertainment throughout the day.
behind-the-scenes excellence
every aspect of your ferrari adventure is managed by a dedicated team to ensure a flawless experience:  technical support: mechanics and support cars on standby.
 safety and comfort: fully insured vehicles equipped with gps anti-theft systems.
 smooth operations: walkie-talkie communication, parking arrangements, and refueling managed efficiently.  for an added touch of exclusivity, the fleet is escorted by staff vehicles with beacons, motorcycles, and flags, creating an unforgettable spectacle.
tailored routes and expert guidance
our routes are carefully curated for maximum driving pleasure, featuring:  roads ideal for sports cars.
 panoramas that will take your breath away.
 confidence-boosting briefings from your expert tour director and team.  this is more than a drive—it’s a journey through italy’s stunning landscapes and the ultimate ferrari experience.price from €1850.00details  italy tours, excursions & day tripsthe official discovery tours website    founded in 1992 by gilberto stanzioni, discovery tours & limousine service seeks to fulfill its 
 mission of offering an array of exclusively guided tours for small groups, couples, and individuals 
 during their stay in italy. leading as one of italy’s top private shore excursion companies, 
 discovery tours & limousine service is comprised of a safe, licensed, 
 and fully insured group of professional tour drivers and tour guides. 
 we offer our clientele private, customized tours with highly trained, 
 english-speaking tour drivers that will introduce you to our enchanting and artistic country. read more about us   latest news from our blog  rome    valentine’s day in rome: romantic spots and unique experiencescelebrate valentine’s day in rome with romantic walks, sunset views, intimate dining, and timeless landmarks to create unforgettable memories.31/01/2025read more    rome    maximizing your time in rome: strategic planning for the vatican and colosseum visitslearn how to visit the vatican and colosseum in one day with strategic tips for skipping lines, booking tickets, and optimizing your roman adventure.16/01/2025read more    rome    roman holiday packing list: essentials for your vatican & colosseum toursdiscover what to pack for your trip to rome: practical tips for exploring the vatican, colosseum, and the wonders of the eternal city.31/12/2024read more    rome    eternal love in the eternal city: romantic gestures in rome and the vaticanexperience rome’s romance: ancient ruins, scenic views, and intimate moments in the eternal city, perfect for couples and special getaways.18/12/2024read more    rome    rome jubilee 2025: an unforgettable journey for all visitors and cruise passengersexperience the 2025 jubilee in rome, a sacred celebration of faith, culture, and unity. discover special events, papal masses, exclusive tours, and vibrant traditions in the eternal city. plan your jubilee trip today!11/12/2024read more    rome    best day trip from rome: top destinations you can’t missexplore top day trips from rome and uncover hidden gems, historic towns, and breathtaking landscapes just a short journey from the eternal city.28/11/2024read more    rome    pack like a gladiator: preparing for rome, the vatican, and the colosseumpack smartly for your roman adventure! discover tips to prepare for exploring the colosseum, vatican, and more with comfort and style.14/11/2024read more    blog information    rome-ance your way through packing: essentials for a lovers’ getawayplan the perfect romantic getaway to rome with our packing guide. discover what to bring for comfort, style, and unforgettable moments in the eternal city.15/10/2024read more    rome    plan like caesar, enjoy like cleopatra: luxuriating in rome’s richesindulge in rome’s opulence with our luxury travel guide. plan like caesar and enjoy like cleopatra with tips for an unforgettable roman experience.12/09/2024read more    blog information    when in rome: laughing and loving through the city’s chaoshere’s how to navigate rome with a sense of humor and an open heart, ensuring your trip is filled with joy and romance.07/08/2024read more    rome    time-travelling tips: a couple’s guide to romeif you’re planning a trip to rome with your significant other, prepare to be enchanted by the city's timeless beauty16/07/2024read more    blog information    ultimate vacation: a guide to visit rome in juneif you are thinking of visiting rome in june, there are many activities you should consider, to make your vacation just a little more "extra29/05/2024read more    rome    skip the lines: expert tips for planning your hassle-free tour of rome’s wondersthis article provides practical tips for avoiding long waits and optimizing visits to rome's attractions, suggesting advance purchase of skip-the-line tickets through reliable platforms and careful tour planning.30/04/2024read more    blog information    spring fling in rome: what’s not to love?springtime in rome dances to its own tune, and trust us, it's a remarkable show! picture this: april and may roll around, and suddenly you find yourself in the midst of mediterranean magic.29/04/2024read more    blog information    light & efficient: packing tips for exploring the eternal cityto embark on a journey to rome is to prepare for a ballet of history and style. this concise guide highlights the essentials for a light and efficient suitcase, ensuring you can navigate the eternal city with ease.04/04/2024read more    italy    discover calcata : italy’s bohemian village in the skyif you’re tired of the chaos of the city, even if it’s the most beautiful city in the world rome, we’d like to offer you one of our favorite destinations and completely out of the ordinary.22/01/2024read more    italy    civita di bagnoregio:  enchanting ghost townexplore the unique history, stunning landscapes, and must-see attractions in civita di bagnoregio, an enchanting italian hillside village. discover italy's hidden charm today!25/10/2023read more    italy    lake bracciano: hidden gem in italyexplore lake bracciano, a tranquil escape near rome. discover boating, hiking, and charming towns. dive into local cuisine and traditions. uncover the beauty of italy's countryside15/10/2023read more    rome    a relaxing daytrip to saturnia’s hot springs￼the saturnia hot springs have been famous thermal baths since the etruscan-roman era, when even kings, emperors and popes were accustomed to spending their vacation in the heights of leisur14/06/2023read more    rome    rome’s birthday, april 21: legends and historythe city of rome was born on april 21st on what is called rome's christmas, il natale di roma, 2776 years ago!19/04/2023read more    italy    typical italian easter foodeaster in italy is a moment of joy, great festivities during the year, which typically last for days!03/04/2023read more    naples    via san gregorio armeno – naples christmas guide and much morevisit naples and you will be transported in another reality in its historical city center and between via dei tribunali and via spaccanapoli you will reach the famous san gregorio armeno, or the street of the nativity scene.10/03/2023read more    rome    a guide to easter in rome: all you need to know before plan your visitas easter approaches, you must be ready to learn about all that easter in rome has to offer during that week. a fascinating whirlwind of different things to do, traditions that take place and the atmosphere is just a little more “homey” and welcoming.01/03/2023read more    italy    spring in italy: 10 best places to visitspending a weekend during spring in italy is always a wonderful idea, because our country is filled with beautiful places to discover this time of year.17/02/2023read more    rome    7 things to know about spanish squarespanish square, is one of the most important catwalks in rome, a place full of history and traditions. as if the fountain of the barcaccia, the trinità dei monti and the in vogue street of via dei condotti wasn't enough, spanish square is custodian of tons of curiosities.10/02/2023read more    rome    20 best attractions in rome to visit and seerome is an incredible city, full of places to visit, some more known than others, although all equally important.21/01/2023read more    rome    when was the sistine chapel painted and other curiositiesexplore the sistine chapel, one of the main event in the itinerary of many tourists from all over the world.16/11/2022read more    rome    christmas in rome: the top things to dovisit rome in december and you'll be surprised by how many wonderful things there are to do. especially during christmas holidays.14/11/2022read more    rome    pantheon of rome: history and factsa greek word that means temple of all the gods, the pantheon of rome is one of the most beautifully preserved examples of ancient roman architecture.14/10/2022read more    rome    a guide to trevi fountain in romethe trevi fountain in rome is certainly an unmissable venue for first time visitors and affectionate tourists in the eternal city28/09/2022read more    rome    7 curious facts about the colosseumimpossible to visit rome and walk through one of the most scenic streets of the city, via dei fori imperiali, without having it appear right before your eyes in all his majesty, the colosseum! you cannot miss it.28/09/2022read more    rome    odescalchi castle, all you need to knowa few kilometers out of the eternal city, it is possible to visit one of the most beautiful and imposing abodes in europe, the odescalchi castle, which rises above the homonymous lake.28/09/2022read more  go to blog                       discovery tours srltour operator / travel agencyvia iv novembre , 10 00069 trevignano romano - roma , italiap.iva: 14607411007licenza rilasciata dalla provincia di romanumero  131636/18.assicurazione filodiretto assicurazionipolizza n. 1505002082/m   about usfleetshore excursionssightseeing tourstransfersday tripsspecial packagesblogcopyright 2022 - all rights reservedcambia preferenzeprivacy policy