



home






















emergency service 1-800-298-8413


































home


locations


manufacturers


products


shop online


invoice access


terms of sale


credit app


our history



































							all products
						












>




















































branch events


allied is committed to bringing our customers the latest information from the hvacr industries. from counter days with vendor representatives showing off their latest offerings, to in-depth training classes, allied strives to keep our customers in the know.










upcoming events


torrance branch - february 25thchemours a2l refrigerants training classclick here for flyer.signal hill branch - february 26thchemours a2l refrigerants training classclick here for flyer.city of industry branch - february 27thchemours a2l refrigerants training classclick here for flyer.torrance branch - march 4thnu-calgon counter dayclick here for flyer.pomona branch - march 4thjb vacuum pump day & training click here for flyer.van nuys branch - march 4thchemours a2l refrigerants training classclick here for flyer.tustin branch - march 6thjb vacuum pump day & training click here for flyer.cathedral city branch - march 25thjb vacuum pump service day click here for flyer.signal hill branch - april 2ndbox sizing training classclick here for flyer.torrance branch - april 16thbox sizing training classclick here for flyer.signal hill branch - may 14thjb vacuum pump counter dayclick here for flyer.


follow us!




























































ahri rating tools


the ahri directory of certified product performance is a resource for performance-certified hvacr equipment. the directory includes over 7.2 million listings of all ahri certified products.visit the ahri website




thermostat recycling


thermostat recycling corporation (trc) is a nonprofit hvac industry organization that facilitates the collection and proper disposal of mercury-containing thermostats nationwide. when mercury thermostats are removed from service they may be brought to any allied refrigeration to recycle at no cost. visit the trc website




online billing


go green with our online billing! enjoy the convenience of receiving bills electronically. best of all, paperless billing has a significant benefit to the environment! click the invoice access button in the navigation bar to get started or the link below.visit our online billing




join our team!


we are always looking for quality people to add to our organization!download the employment applicatoin form here.email the completed form to this address. email subject must be titled "employment" to be eligible for review.






















































ca prop 65 warning


products on this website can expose you to chemicals which are known to the state of california to cause cancer, birth defects or other reproductive harm. for more information, go to www.p65warnings.ca.gov.






































							all products
						












>
















copyright â© allied refrigeration inc. all rights reserved.



follow us:











