






 
home - kalamazoo institute of arts





























































































 






 













skip to content






kalamazoo institute of arts
art is for everyone

explore & discoverexhibitions collection calendar kia arts fair 2025 museum tours  educate & learnkirk newman art school programs docent resources art library educator resources student exhibitions grandchildren interactive gallery kia in the news  join & givemembership donate volunteer sponsor  connect & visitplan your visit calendar gallery shop rentals & private events  



 
explore & discoverexhibitions collection calendar kia arts fair 2025 museum tours  educate & learnkirk newman art school programs docent resources art library educator resources student exhibitions grandchildren interactive gallery kia in the news  join & givemembership donate volunteer sponsor  connect & visitplan your visit calendar gallery shop rentals & private events  













 
legendary barlowart that inspires, fulfills, and transformsview exhibitionsconstellationart that inspires, fulfills, and transformsview exhibitionssourced from the zoolearn morelegendary peopleart that inspires, fulfills, and transformsview exhibitionsphoto by colleen woolpert
kia arts fairreturning june 6–7photo by colleen woolpert
knasart that inspires, fulfills, and transformsview exhibitionsgalleryart that inspires, fulfills, and transformsview exhibitionsphoto by colleen woolpert
 






upcoming events:









			feb		

			19		








2:00 pm - 3:00 pm 



		book discussion: black indian: a memoir	










			feb		

			20		








11:00 am - 8:00 pm 



event series









		free thursdays at the kia	










			feb		

			23		








1:30 pm - 2:30 pm 



event series









		sunday drop-in conversation	










			feb		

			25		








10:00 am - 11:30 am 



		richard phillips: strokes of freedom	










			feb		

			26		










hybrid








		hybrid event	


12:00 pm - 1:00 pm 



		artbreak: tejer	









		view calendar	

















kalamazoo institute of arts invites you to adopt a work of art





more info











dominick labino, untitled (from the emergence series), 1979, blown glass. collection of the kalamazoo institute of arts; gift of dr. and mrs. clarence nyce, 2010.2.





kalamazoo institute of arts presents legendary voices: art for the next century





full press release











courtesy of the figge art museum. photo by randy justis.





kalamazoo institute of arts announces the appointment of the new executive director





full press release












kalamazoo institute of arts receives $1 million gift for the kirk newman art school





full press release






be a
member







current
exhibitions








events
calendar








enroll
in a class








donate
today







sourced from
the ‘zoo






legendary
voices







read<br/ >
sightlines





the kalamazoo institute of arts is a mask-friendly environment. our top priority is the safety and comfort of our staff, students, and visitors. please remain mindful of social distancing and stay safe. if you are feeling unwell, please reschedule your visit for a time when you are feeling better.
















add a touch of culture to your inbox
join our weekly newsletter



give to the kia
become a member
volunteer


museum and gallery shop hours
wednesday: 11am – 5pm
thursday: 11am – 8pm
friday-saturday: 11am – 5pm
sunday: noon – 4pm
museum closed mondays & tuesdays. 
free thursdays
enjoy free general admission and extended hours until 8pm on thursdays. generous support provided by the art bridges foundation's access for all program and the efroymson family fund.

  

 






about the kiaour centennial yearstaff directorycareersboard of directorsannual reportssightlines magazinehistoryrentals & private events 












kalamazoo institute of arts, 314 s. park st., kalamazoo, mi 49007 | 269.349.7775
copyright © 2025 kalamazoo institute of arts. all rights reserved.








go to top

 




































we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.ok








































