






























































    
    victory fitness - full service gym, health club and aquatics
  
  
















          


    

    home



  schedules



  tour



  contact



  privacy policy



  terms and conditions






 stay tuned  contact us
   name:

 email:






thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible.
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later.

    

 

 

 







  





       



   

memberships & pricing






 



      

 
    home



  schedules



  tour



  contact






 
  

membership & pricing







      


    

memberships & pricing

 victory fitness center: columbus' favorite gym for fitness, aquatics, and personal training

  





   more than just a gym...     aquatics

 women-only area

 personal training

 amenities

 membership


 

   indoor pool for training & recovery


members love our indoor pool for individual use, classes, and recovery. temperature is monitored daily and our staff makes sure the water is crystal clear and clean for your use.we offer a variety of aquatics classes, as well as open pool time for lap swimming or relaxing after a good workout.come try it for free. grab a free pass below... 

  free vip pass





 

   private training area for women only


we've created a dedicated space where women can enjoy working out in their own private area.equipped with everything you need for your strength and cardio workouts, our ladies workout room is well equipped for your use.want to give it a try? just click the link below and we'll set you up with a free pass! 

  free vip pass





 

   3 free sessions to get you started!


so many people come to the gym for the first time with no idea how to get started.never at victory fitness!as a new member, you'll receive three (3) free private training sessions to help you get acclimated to our facility, discuss your goals, and set up a training plan to start your journey.this is just one way victory has seperated itself as the best value gym membership in columbus. 




 

   extras to improve your workouts


victory fitness center provides many amenities only available at high-end clubs for our members and guests.much is available, and most at little or no cost to you: fitness assessmentsprivate lockers and showerswi-fi and hdtvcardio theater experiencefree parkingnutritional supplementsdieting programs
and so much more for your workout and recovery experience. 




 

   membership


our introductory trial membership offers affordable and value-priced flexible term commitmentsfree fitness asssessmentsfree training session all access to sauna, jacuzzi, pool, and fitness classes 
it’s all about focusing on your results… tone up, trim down, lose weight, relieve stress, sleep better, boost metabolism, and feel your best!click the button below for more information! 

  pricing information










   a complete health club experience... whether you're looking to tone up, lose weight or just look and feel your best, victory fitness center has everything you need to reach your goals and have fun on the journey.

our full-access memberships include:

 three private training sessions - free!unlimited group fitness classes - free!unlimited aquatics classes - free!personalized fitness assessment - free!indoor pool - free!sauna and whirlpool - free!buddy privileges - free!

if you're looking for more than just a room full of equipment, you owe it to yourself to visit victory.

download your free pass 
and come see we are columbus' favorite health club!

   

free all-access vip pass


 



   

 you'll never be bored at victory fitness  everyone has different goals when it comes to looking and feeling great.  cookie-cutter, one-size-fits-all approaches to fitness and nutrition are never effective and create frustration.
  
victory fitness provides individual solutions and support to insure our members achieve great results. our fun, laid back atmosphere includes everything you need - cardio, strength training, nutritional guidance and even a pool - all in our professional fitness facility. 

for those looking for an even more individualized experience of accountability and motivation, we offer 1-on-1 personal training options.  when you join, we get you off to a quick start with 3 free sessions to hit the ground running!



    



 




    









      
    

 

   






4360 w broad streetcolumbus, ohio(614) 351-1717privacy policy 
| terms & conditions
 club hours weekdays:6:00am - 9:00pm (8pm fridays)saturdays:8:00am - 3:00pmsundays: 11:00am - 3:00pm

 connect with us   

membership options

  

job opportunities

  

join now
























































































  
  share by:





 











