



ministering and serving the body of the lord jesus christ.
















the whole truth ministries



skip to main content




articles
messages
study tools
links
about
home










important  announcement:

please pray about  distributing the following timely messages from the past. you will need the adobe acrobat reader to open and print.

controversy may have its holy uses - by a. w. tozer
china, communism and the church - by helen sigrist
needed: a reformation within the church - by  a. w. tozer


let me know if there are any issues or typographical errors.
- thank you and may god bless your work.




 | 



see the son of man coming in the clouds?
please  remember when jesus christ comes for his followers, he will arrive in the  clouds, in the air. like a thief he will appear unexpectedly, but his appearing  will be missed by none. the second coming of the lord jesus christ will be no  secret and not at one location or another. further, while his body will have  been glorified, the marks of love suffered in his body for us will remain  unhealed.
whether we  are “gathered” or “caught up” to be with him “in the clouds,” it will be a  supernatural event and beyond our ability or control. and upon seeing him, we  shall be changed,  “we shall be like him; for we shall see him  as he is.”
finally, in both  matthew and luke god has warned us not to heed nor give in to false or  misleading reports of his appearing. jesus was specific in saying “go not forth”  and “go not after them.” so do not go, not even out of curiosity.
gathered
“which  also said, ye men of galilee, why stand ye gazing up into heaven? this same  jesus, which is taken up from you into heaven, shall so come in like manner as  ye have seen him go into heaven.” acts 1:11
"and except those days should be shortened, there should no flesh  be saved: but for the elect's sake those days shall be shortened. then if any  man shall say unto you, lo, here is christ, or there; believe it not. for there  shall arise false christs, and false prophets, and shall shew great signs and  wonders; insomuch that, if it were possible, they shall deceive the very elect.  behold, i have told you before. wherefore if they shall say unto you, behold,  he is in the desert; go not forth: behold, he is in the secret chambers;  believe it not. for as the lightning cometh out of the east, and shineth even  unto the west; so shall also the coming of the son of man be. for wheresoever  the carcase is, there will the eagles be gathered together. immediately after  the tribulation of those days shall the sun be darkened, and the moon shall not  give her light, and the stars shall fall from heaven, and the powers of the  heavens shall be shaken: and then shall appear the sign of the son of man in  heaven: and then shall all the tribes of the earth mourn, and they shall see  the son of man coming in the clouds of heaven with power and great glory. and  he shall send his angels with a great sound of a trumpet, and they shall gather  together his elect from the four winds, from one end of heaven to the  other." matthew  24:22-31 
“and  then shall he send his angels, and shall gather together his elect from the  four winds, from the uttermost part of the earth to the uttermost part of  heaven.” mark 13:27
“and  jesus said, i am: and ye shall see the son of man sitting on the right hand of  power, and coming in the clouds of heaven.” mark 14:62
"and he said unto the disciples, the days will come, when ye  shall desire to see one of the days of the son of man, and ye shall not see it.  and they shall say to you, see here; or, see there: go not after them, nor  follow them. for as the lightning, that lighteneth out of the one part under  heaven, shineth unto the other part under heaven; so shall also the son of man  be in his day." luke  17:22-24
“then we which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them  in the clouds, to meet the lord in the air: and so shall we ever be with the  lord.” i thessalonians  4:17
“then the same day at evening, being the first day of the week, when the doors  were shut where the disciples were assembled for fear of the jews, came jesus  and stood in the midst, and saith unto them, peace be unto you. and when he had  so said, he shewed unto them his hands and his side. then were the disciples  glad, when they saw the lord.” john 20:19-20
changed
“beloved,  now are we the sons of god, and it doth not yet appear what we shall be: but we  know that, when he shall appear, we shall be like him; for we shall see him as  he is.” i john 3:2
“now this i say, brethren, that flesh and blood cannot inherit the  kingdom of god; neither doth corruption inherit incorruption. behold, i tell  you a mystery; we will not all sleep, but we will all be changed, in a moment,  in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trumpet; for the trumpet will sound,  and the dead will be raised imperishable, and we will be changed. for this  perishable must put on the imperishable, and this mortal must put on  immortality.” i corinthians  15:50-53
stand fast in the lord
“and then if any man shall say to you, lo, here is christ; or, lo, he is there;  believe him not: for false christs and false prophets shall rise, and shall  shew signs and wonders, to seduce, if it were possible, even the elect. but  take ye heed: behold, i have foretold you all things. but in those days, after  that tribulation, the sun shall be darkened, and the moon shall not give her  light, and the stars of heaven shall  fall, and the powers that are in heaven shall be shaken. and then shall they  see the son of man coming in the clouds with great power and glory.” mark 13:21-26
“the kingdom of god cometh not with observation: neither shall they say, lo  here! or, lo there! for, behold, the kingdom of god is within you. and he said  unto the disciples, the days will come, when ye shall desire to see one of the  days of the son of man, and ye shall not see it. and they shall say to you, see  here; or, see there: go not after them, nor follow them. for as the lightning,  that lighteneth out of the one part under heaven, shineth unto the other part  under heaven; so shall also the son of man be in his day. but first must he  suffer many things, and be rejected of this generation. and as it was in the  days of noe, so shall it be also in the days of the son of man. they did eat,  they drank, they married wives, they were given in marriage, until the day that  noe entered into the ark, and the flood came, and destroyed them all. likewise also as it was in the days of lot; they did eat, they drank, they bought, they sold, they planted, they builded;” luke 17:20-28
“put on the whole armour of god, that ye may be able to stand against the  wiles of the devil. for we  wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against  powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual  wickedness in high places.” ephesians  6:11-12
“therefore, my brethren dearly beloved and longed for, my joy and crown, so  stand fast in the lord, my dearly beloved.” philippians 4:1


i am not the christ
christ is singular.
jesus is the christ, messiah or anointed one.
anyone who focuses on christ without acknowledging jesus as the only christ is a liar and a deceiver wresting the scriptures to their own destruction.
the purpose of the “christ in you,” whom paul preached, was in hope of presenting us “perfect in christ jesus.”
there are subtle variations being paraded in semi-scriptural garb. john the baptist was “filled with the holy ghost, even from his mother's womb” and yet john clearly communicated “i am not the christ.”
know the word of god and you will know the truth, because jesus christ is both.
all scripture should be read within the context with which it was written, but here are a few to get you started. please look them up to be sure of what god is saying.
“and jesus answered and said unto them, take heed that no man deceive you. for many shall come in my name, saying, i am christ; and shall deceive many.” matthew 24:4-5 
"to whom god would make known what is the riches of the glory of this mystery among the gentiles; which is christ in you, the hope of glory:  whom we preach, warning every man, and teaching every man in all wisdom; that we may present every man perfect in christ jesus:" col 1:27 & 28
"but the angel said unto him, fear not, zacharias: for thy prayer is heard; and thy wife elisabeth shall bear thee a son, and thou shalt call his name john. and thou shalt have joy and gladness; and many shall rejoice at his birth. for he shall be great in the sight of the lord, and shall drink neither wine nor strong drink; and he shall be filled with the holy ghost, even from his mother's womb" "and he confessed, and denied not; but confessed, i am not the christ." luke 1:13-15 & 20
“the book of the generation of jesus christ, the son of david, the son of abraham.” matthew 1:1
“and jacob begat joseph the husband of mary, of whom was born jesus, who is called christ. so all the generations from abraham to david are fourteen generations; and from david until the carrying away into babylon are fourteen generations; and from the carrying away into babylon unto christ are fourteen generations. now the birth of jesus christ was on this wise: when as his mother mary was espoused to joseph, before they came together, she was found with child of the holy ghost.” matthew 1:16-18 
“and she shall bring forth a son, and thou shalt call his name jesus: for he shall save his people from their sins. now all this was done, that it might be fulfilled which was spoken of the lord by the prophet, saying, behold, a virgin shall be with child, and shall bring forth a son, and they shall call his name emmanuel, which being interpreted is, god with us. then joseph being raised from sleep did as the angel of the lord had bidden him, and took unto him his wife: and knew her not till she had brought forth her firstborn son: and he called his name jesus.” matthew 1:21-25
“the beginning of the gospel of jesus christ, the son of god;” mark 1:1
“and, behold, thou shalt conceive in thy womb, and bring forth a son, and shalt call his name jesus.” luke 1:31
“in the beginning was the word, and the word was with god, and the word was god. the same was in the beginning with god. all things were made by him; and without him was not any thing made that was made. in him was life; and the life was the light of men.” john 1:1-4
“and the word was made flesh, and dwelt among us, (and we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the father,) full of grace and truth. john bare witness of him, and cried, saying, this was he of whom i spake, he that cometh after me is preferred before me: for he was before me.” john 1:14-15
we are adopted
“for ye have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear; but ye have received the spirit of adoption, whereby we cry, abba, father.” romans 8:15
“and not only they, but ourselves also, which have the firstfruits of the spirit, even we ourselves groan within ourselves, waiting for the adoption, to wit, the redemption of our body.” romans 8:23
“to redeem them that were under the law, that we might receive the adoption of sons.” galatians 4:5
“having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by jesus christ to himself, according to the good pleasure of his will” ephesians 1:5
only one christ jesus, but many antichrists
“little children, it is the last time: and as ye have heard that antichrist shall come, even now are there many antichrists; whereby we know that it is the last time.” 1 john 2:18
“who is a liar but he that denieth that jesus is the christ? he is antichrist, that denieth the father and the son.” 1 john 2:22
“and every spirit that confesseth not that jesus christ is come in the flesh is not of god: and this is that spirit of antichrist, whereof ye have heard that it should come; and even now already is it in the world.” 1 john 4:3
“for many deceivers are entered into the world, who confess not that jesus christ is come in the flesh. this is a deceiver and an antichrist.” 2 john 1:7
“as also in all his epistles, speaking in them of these things; in which are some things hard to be understood, which they that are unlearned and unstable wrest, as they do also the other scriptures, unto their own destruction.” 2 peter 3:16
   







© 2002 - 2024  - the whole truth ministries.


