




sue harrison – the official website and blog of author sue harrison





































skip to content











sue harrison





booksexpand


the storyteller trilogyexpand


song of the river
cry of the wind
call down the starsexpand


excerpt from call down the stars




the ivory carver trilogyexpand


mother earth father sky
my sister the moon
brother wind


sisu
reading group questions


biography
news
events
related links
blog
contact
 





















sue harrison





toggle menu





























books that touch your heart and feed your soul.
sue’s newest novel, the midwife’s touch, has already been a top ten amazon bestseller. buy here:
buy now
an odyssey so action-packed i could barely put it down. whew! what a read!” midwest book review





a note from sue: 
i’m delighted to announce i’ve been working hard on the sequel to the the midwife’s touch, now in the 5th draft (of 6). i can’t wait to get it out there for you to read!! we will be doing a cover reveal, contests, and promos. 







founded on ozark superstitions, folk medicines, cherokee traditions, 19th century obstetrical practices, and the elite lifestyles that characterized new york city’s gilded age, the midwife’s touch is quintessential sue harrison–meticulous research as the perfect foil for the rich inner lives of her odd and beautiful characters.shanty  cove books





all the hallmarks of a sue harrison book: immersive sense of place, complex and believable characters, and a great story. a wonderful and original premise is just the icing on the cake.
janie chang, international bestselling author


i love this novel. sue harrison has written a compelling story of a woman with a cursed gift that can help people but can also encourage corrupt, greedy souls.
priscilla cogan, national bestselling author


this is a character-driven novel and a good one, but it’s also a story of family—both those we’re born to and those we create.
historical novels review




unusual and entertaining talei just finished reading this book and found it very difficult to put down – i kept making excuses to sit and read it! just when i thought i had everything figured out, another twist occurred. a highly unusual and entertaining tale – a must read!shopping chickamazon customer
fascinating cast of vibrant charactersthis well-written, thoroughly researched novel transported me to late 19th-century america — the missouri ozarks, louisiana, and gilded age new york city — and introduced me to a fascinating cast of vibrant characters.amazon customeramazon customer
couldn’t put it downpowerful, engrossing, couldn’t put it down. it has everything amazing talented author mystery,authenticity, visual languagechi and kenziamazon customer
can’t waitcan’t wait for the second book of what will be a trilogyjon stottamazon customer
loved the whole book…. so much research!i’ve read most of sue’s books and this one will always be a 5 star for me or……a golden buuzzer!!!bethamazon customer
beautifully written and captivatinganother beautifully written and captivating book by sue harrison. to see this made into a movie would be spectacular. until then, i’ll keep rereading it, because it is possibly now my favorite booktiffanyamazon customer
what a great readwhat a great read. sue harrison rocksunsignedamazon customer
my new favorite booki love the history, the descriptions, the ending…oh the ending! it is my new favorite book! highly recommend!misty boneamazon customer







a bewitching woman pursues a new kind of freedom in the exciting historical novel, the midwife’s touch.
foreword reviews


an odyssey so action-packed i could barely put it down. whew! what a read!
midwest book review


…thought-provoking . . . intriguing to read….
review tales magazine




entertainment weekly story published in issue #28 aug 24, 1990


entertainment weekly article published on august 24, 1990
until recently, sue harrison was known mostly for making the best bread-and-butter pickles in pickford, mich. (pop. 600). now she is famous for more than that. doubleday has just gone back for a fifth printing (a total of 100,000 copies) of mother earth father sky, harrison’s 313-page novel about the aleutian peoples in prehistoric times. the publisher gave her a staggering half-million-dollar advance for the book, the first of a projected trilogy, and is spending another $100,000 on publicity.
read article







join me now in the fire circle. the night presses hard against our backs, but the voices of the ancients leap like flames to scatter the darkness. listen! do you hear them?
the stories are about to begin…
buy now


the alaska books


sue’s alaska novels




sue’s induction into the upper peninsula of michigan’s literary hall of fame!

the midwife’s touch was chosen as one of the 2024 u.p. notable books!




represented by victoria skurnick of levine/greenberg/rostan literary agency





7 comments 




 suehar says: 

january 24, 2025 at 10:34 am 


jacques, i have been behind in answering comments on my website, and i apologize for that. “ih” is an exclamation of surprise. depending on your particular english vernacular, you might say, “huh?” or “what?” or even “say what?” hope that helps and thank you for your very observant reading!!!







 jacques deslauriers says: 

november 21, 2024 at 3:42 pm 


i am in the process of re-reading your two trilogies necause these really touched me.
in doing so i found something which i do not understand,
in “cry of the wind” at the beginning a boy tells a story :
“when he was a baby,” said the boy, “chakliux was left on the grandfather rock to die.”
“’ih?” the old woman said, as if she were listening to an actual storytelling, and the dzuuggi’s words had surprised her. “a dzuuggi left to die?”
what does ‘ih?’ means







 suehar says: 

november 20, 2024 at 12:29 pm 


<3







 suehar says: 

november 5, 2024 at 5:11 pm 


thank you for these beautiful comments, kathy, dave, and esther.







 esther says: 

november 1, 2024 at 8:29 pm 


i love her books!!!







 kathy pianosi says: 

october 19, 2024 at 11:21 pm 


having been diagnosed with cancer on my husband and my 48th wedding anniversary, august 23rd 2023.
i was on a journey, but my journey was sadness.
reading the wonderful books by sue harrison has picked up my spirits and traveled me in time to places i never dreamed. she brought me to safe realms where i wasn’t harmed. but while reading i could almost see a reality forming on each page, to take me away from my sadness of cancer, and bringing me to homes of others going through their journeys.
please continue bringing happiness into my life with each new book and a friendship formed by the love we share on each of our journeys in the lives we live in our 22nd century! 
by:
kathy pianosi-october19,2024@11pm







 dave michael says: 

august 16, 2024 at 1:10 pm 


reading ‘mother earth father sky’ – wow– it is so hard to find great books these days that take the reader on a journey of the soul. it really is like going back in a time capsule and being amonst the ancestors who lived 7000 bc. chagak, the young female heroine, is a vividly drawn woman who has to overcome many ordeals and transformations as the story evolves. as an author i know how hard it is to re-invent the past from imagination, as there is little or no information on how people lived, talked, communicated, and survived from day to day. only the archeology of dwellings and artifacts give us a basic overview of how they lived and utilised tools and other things. but giving life, breath and soul to characters, as sue harrison does, is an incredible achievement. also, the neat structure of chapters keeps the reader on thier toes, wanting to turn page after page, and the plot never becomes dull or boring. presently i am approaching agents with my work, a historical fiction-a saga of valour, treachery and self-discovery- and i acknowledge sue harrison as one of my favoaurite author’s who has influenced my work. looking forward to reading the trilogy and having first editions in my house to peruse and learn from. thank you sue for your inspiration.





leave a replyyour email address will not be published. required fields are marked *comment *name
email
website
 save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time i comment.
 

 check here to subscribe to notifications for new postsδ 















facebook
facebookx
x 





© 2025 sue harrison - wordpress theme by kadence wp
 















follow

follow sue harrison
get every new post delivered to your inbox
join other followers
 














bookstoggle child menuexpand


the storyteller trilogytoggle child menuexpand


song of the river
cry of the wind
call down the starstoggle child menuexpand


excerpt from call down the stars




the ivory carver trilogytoggle child menuexpand


mother earth father sky
my sister the moon
brother wind


sisu
reading group questions


biography
news
events
related links
blog
contact
 

















