






dunbar bagpipes






















login
checkout











cad$







home
shop online
bagpipes

poly bagpipes
blackwood bagpipes
the classic series
"the breadalbane"
j. d. prestige collection


beginner's packages
practice chanters

poly practice chanters
abw practice chanter


pipe chanters

blackwood pipe chanter
polypenco pipe chanters


accessories

dunbar made items
pipe bags
cases

practice chanter cases
bagpipe cases


reeds

drone reeds
practice chanter reeds
pipe chanter reeds


maintenance items
books and cds
covers and cords


replacement parts
gift certificate

repairs and refurbsebony bagpipe repair
repairs/refurbs
typical refurb
company informationwhy buy dunbar
about us
jack's last bagpipe
mounts/engraving pattern
what's new at dunbar's
contact us












welcome to dunbar bagpipes

great news for our united states customers
the canadian dollar (which is what all of the prices shown on our website are) has taken a nose dive lately which means that purchasing our products has become significantly cheaper for you. for reference purposes only, you can use xe.com to see the difference between canadian & us dollar pricing. as an example, a set of our db3 blackwood bagpipes sells for $1,425.00 canadian. as of today  (december 20th, 2016) this works out to approximately $1,065.00 usd!!!! quite a significant savings compared to a couple of years ago when our dollars were at par. basically, a general tool to determine the usd amount, is to divide the canadian prices from our site by 1.337. this will give you the approximate usd amount.




j. dunbar bagpipe maker ltd., established in 1967, is leading the ancient art of bagpipe making into the 21st century.

jack dunbar, our founder, worked for henderson bagpipes, where he apprenticed in the 1930's. when jack immigrated to canada, he had the knowledge of henderson specs and tooling. his decision was to make his bagpipes in the henderson tradition, with a few minor tweaks thanks to the knowledgeable input of the captain, ken eller. dunbar bagpipes have the same great sound as the traditional henderson bagpipe.

our procedures and employees have been in place for years. jack himself taught most of our employees the skills he perfected while making bagpipes so many years ago in scotland. all mounts, whether they are imitation ivory, nickel, stainless, etc. are securely threaded into place. we have a wealth of experience not only in making one of the best bagpipes on the planet, but also in repairing and restoring sets from around the world and across the ages. we know bagpipes!

everything about our bagpipes speaks of quality! there are no short-cuts and no compromises
 

great news for our united states customers!
the canadian dollar (which is what all of the prices shown on our website are) has taken a nose dive lately which means that purchasing our products has become significantly cheaper for you. for reference purposes only, you can use www.xe.com/currencyconverter to see the difference between canadian & us dollar pricing.
as an example, a set of our db3 blackwood bagpipes sells for $1,900.00 canadian. as of today (may 1st 2024) this works out to approximately $1,388.00 usd!!!! quite a significant savings compared to a number of years ago when our dollars were at par. basically, a general tool to determine the usd amount, is to divide the canadian prices from our site by 1.368. this will give you the approximate usd amount.
 











home
about us
my shopping cart
search
terms
privacy policy
contact us
faq

©copyright  j. dunbar bagpipe maker ltd., all rights reserved







powered by fortune3


