




 




proselect software














































homestoresubscribe to proselectwhat's new?purchase add-onsstore policyregister voucherinvestmentfaqsubscriptionspro capture backupvideospre-sale/ product videosgetting started with proselecttraining videossearch for videosdownloadsdownload proselectexisting user upgrade informationpss template / room collectionsindustry partners - labs / framersnon-current proselect versionsphotoshop resourcesproselect utilitiesresources for industry partnerslinks & other resourcesbeta test versionssupportsupport resourcesproselect online help guidefacebook user groupcontact usview my ticketsloginforgotten passwordregisterchange currencyu.s. dollars(1.0000)u.k. pounds(1.2586)canadian dollars(0.7052)australian dollars(0.6350)euros(1.0491)new zealand dollar(0.5732) 




homestoresubscribe to proselectwhat's new?purchase add-onsstore policyregister voucherinvestmentfaqsubscriptions 

videospre-sale/ product videosgetting started with proselecttraining videossearch for videosdownloadsdownload proselectexisting user upgrade informationpss template / room collectionsindustry partners - labs / framersnon-current proselect versionsphotoshop resourcesproselect utilitiesresources for industry partnerslinks & other resourcesbeta test versionspro capture backupsupportsupport resourcesproselect online help guidefacebook user groupcontact usview my ticketsloginforgotten passwordregisterchange currencyu.s. dollars(1.0000)u.k. pounds(1.2586)canadian dollars(0.7052)australian dollars(0.6350)euros(1.0491)new zealand dollar(0.5732) 




homestoresubscribe to proselectwhat's new?purchase add-onsstore policyregister voucherinvestment 

faqsubscriptionspro capture backupvideospre-sale/ product videosgetting started with proselecttraining videossearch for videos 

downloadsdownload proselectexisting user upgrade informationpss template / room collectionsindustry partners - labs / framersnon-current proselect versionsphotoshop resourcesproselect utilitiesresources for industry partnerslinks & other resourcesbeta test versionssupportsupport resourcesproselect online help guidefacebook user groupcontact usview my ticketsloginforgotten passwordregisterchange currencyu.s. dollars(1.0000)u.k. pounds(1.2586)canadian dollars(0.7052)australian dollars(0.6350)euros(1.0491)new zealand dollar(0.5732) 
















log in


                                or create an account















email address
please enter a vaild email.



password
please enter a vaild password.





remember me


forgot password or email?


log in




















forgot your password?
enter your email and we'll send you a reset link.



test





                                an email with a password reset link has been sent to . if you do not find this email, check your junk/ spam folder. if you are using an att owned email address (att, bellsouth, sbcglobal, ameritech, prodigy, etc.), you may not receive this email. in this case, please submit a support ticket to the account assistance dept. to request help.
                                




email address
please enter a vaild email.



forgot your email?


remembered email




here are a few guesses for your login email address:

sorry we don't have any hints for you. please contact support. 




send reset link






















the most completein-person sales software
                        





why proselect?






let's get started
free 30-day trial



















we get you started. one-on-one


we're here to help.
our mentor's will save you hours-and-hours of learning on your own, and get you ready for your first ips session.
in this hour plus session, they will share your screen and show you how to get set up and selling with proselect right away.
the session is free, even before you buy proselect*.




watch video











let's get started
free 30-day trial




















do your customers only want to buy digital files?
we know how frustrating it is not to be able to sell a tangible product. proselect gives you the tools to present and sell your photography.







the best investment you can make for your business





show with mat and frame (dark grey theme)





crop & select images (black theme)





show in our rooms (light grey theme)





show in your clients rooms (light grey theme)





show almost anything (light grey theme)





design, show, sell and produce cards





fast book design with any supplier (white theme)





previous



next


















proselect - the ips software that lets you show and sell all of your products, so you make the money you deserve.

we have the software and the team to help you succeed.sign up for your free 30-day trial and session with a mentor today.
let's get started
free 30-day trial




proselect works for studios large or small
proselect is in-person sales software that gives photographers all of the tools to show, sell and produce all of
                their studio products without
                the need for multiple software programs. with less to learn and more products sold, you will make more money and
                spend less time at the
                computer.





















just one softwareproselect works on mac or windows platforms.




proselect is compatible with these industry professional platforms




mac osx
10.12 or newer





windows
10+



let’s get started
free 30-day trial











presentation
you can introduce your images with emotion and style.
slideshow production is drop-and-drag letting you present with motion-effects, video, title slides and music with proselect pro.
a royalty-free music library of nearly 40,000 tracks lets you set the right mood, every time.







sales
proselect gives you the tools to sell, so customers can buy. you can create just about any product, show it in their room, any size or shape.
canvas to cards, albums to image boxes and wall groupings too. order and print invoices and client agreements.







workflow
proselect pro organizes your backend workflow to automatically create lab-ready files in minutes.
albums and multi-image composites are automated through photoshop.
proselect knows how to produce it, so you're not spending time figuring out how.













what our customers have to say about proselect





with proselect and sendmyrooms, our clients have confidence in their purchase decisions.a client recently said after her portraits were installed. it looks exactly as you showed me. just beautiful. perfect.



- michael taylor and monica sigmon, williamsburg, va




i can't say enough good things about proselect. they really thought of everything to make your sales process better, more enjoyable, easier for the client, and in the end, more profitable for your business.



- rod evans, sioux falls, sd




after my mentor session...in the first day of using proselect, i sold four 30x40's and our first 40x60. i know it was because i was using proselect.



- barb spratlin, ft. meyers, fl





 







let's get started
free 30-day trial





this is where success begins



1

one
click the "let’s get started" button below.
you'll create an account to download and start the proselect free 30 day trial.
it's easy and only takes a few minutes.





2

two
book your online time with your mentor1. remember, it's free and you are under no obligation to buy.
we want to show you how you can make the money deserve using proselect. we're all about ips.





3

three
go for it. it's your time to shine. you'll have the tools and the knowledge to meet in-person with your client to present and sell your art.
you'll see why photographers that use proselect, make more and work less.





1mentor sessions are available for non-owner trial users. session times are limited to the eastern u.s. time zone business hours and sessions are in the english language. free mentor sessions are at the sole discretion of prostudiosoftware.com. additional restrictions may apply.



let's get started
free 30-day trial









can you afford to wait to earn the money you deserve?




don't get in the middle of a sale and realize what you can't show and sell.
no other ips software product lets you easily show and sell just about any product. adding
                                products like jewelry, image boxes, banners, cards and even digital files adds a significant
                                amount to your bottom line. sell more, not less.
                            


why waste money on multiple software products?
how much are you willing to spend on presentation software, album building software, a slide
                                show subscription, music files, graphic subscriptions, and social media branding
                                software?
proselect replaces all of these.






is your family good with all the hours you spend at the computer?
learning several software programs takes tons of time and energy, and it's not efficient.
proselect along with photoshop and lightroom puts you on a path to better sales and a work flow
                                system that saves you hours on every job you produce.















download our free e-guide


"avoiding the 10 most common mistakes for photographers starting ips"
we will send you an email with a download link to get the guide.
download free e-guide
















download free e-guide






                            we have sent an email to you () with the download link for your free e-guide. we hope you enjoy it!
                            

please complete the form below to download our free e-guide.





first name
you must enter a first name





last name
you must enter a last name





email address
you must enter a valid email address




cancel
submit













proselect is a product of pro studio software, inc.








contact pro studio software
change cookie settings
privacy policy


























your cookie settings

cookies are very small text files that are stored on your computer when you visit some websites.
we use cookies to make our website easier for you to use. you can remove any cookies already stored on your computer, but these may prevent you from using parts of our website.

select your cookie level

necessary and functional
convenience and performance




 
 
 
 



remember your session
remember what is in your shopping basket
remember how far you are through an order
make sure you're secure when logged in to the website
remember your log-in details
monitor how you travel through the website
remember who directed you to this site
send information to other websites so that advertising is more relevant to you









