




sam smith | sculptor, automatist, toy maker – artist











































sam smith
sculptor, automatist, toy maker – artist



menu
skip to content





sculptor, automatist, toy maker – artist

events


biography, sam smith 1908-1983


early toys


pictures


sculpture


automata


publications


buying and selling


visiting


contact




				+			


 
search





recent posts


events


biography, sam smith 1908-1983


early toys


pictures


sculpture


archives

may 2013

categories

uncategorized


meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org

 




proudly powered by wordpress
 | 
        	theme: spun by caroline moore.		


this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.accept reject read moreprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept























