


marlon sanders' marketing dashboard - point-and-click your way to profits!








 











affiliate signup | customer support | average earnings | members login

new "marketing dashboard" lets you 
              point 'n click your way to sales and profits



the promise:
                  point-and-click marketing system turns selling your products and services into a virtual no-brainer.
              

the uniqueness:
                  key differences separate my marketing dashboard from 203,000 ebooks and everything else.
              

the guarantee:
                 i guarantee you will get "wins" and results or your money back. (check out the quadruple guarantee!) 
              
the credibility: based on my specific formula that has successfully launched 30+ products since 1997.
the bonuses: you receive the bonuses at the top of this page along with an additional bonus arguably worth $3000.00.


affiliate program: pays out 70% to 80% on all sales of this product via my associate program. paying daily commissions.
              


you get instant access to everything you see here!

date: 
from: marlon sanders
dear friend,
you start with the first icon on row #1. you click on it. you follow the simple, easy steps waiting for you.  
then you click the second icon and follow those steps. nothing could be easier! 
next thing you know, your products and services are selling up a storm. 
                dare i say, like
                crazy? 
it's called point-and-click marketing.  and it's destined
                to become the latest rage to hit internet marketing.  why?  because
                you don't have to wade through dozens, hundreds or thousands of pages of
                information.  instead, you just click the icons and follow the simple, easy
                  steps.
if you're tired of reading reams of information (who isn't!) that is difficult or impossible to apply, or you simply don't have a lot of time to read, then here's what my new "marketing dashboard" will do for you...
here are 8 ways marlon sanders' 
              marketing dashboard can help you:


  walks you step-by-step through setting up your systems without requiring you to wade through reams of information that take time to read, decipher, analyze and apply.

  simplifies your marketing:
all you do is click and follow the instructions. you don't have to try to figure out what's next. you just click the next icon and follow the steps. 
  takes away the confusion:
every step is clearly laid out and labeled with big, blue numbers. you don't have to try to interpret how xyz method applies to your individual situation. just follow the steps. 
  gives you an a to z system:
everything is covered from your marketing vision, to your profit plan, to your break even point, to your merchant account, shopping cart, domain name selection, stats tracking, ftp, backing up your files, speed researching, organizing your tasks and information -- and much more. you won't find anything else like it anywhere. just about no stone is left unturned.
 something for you if you're a beginner or advanced student::
my marketing dashboard is designed for beginners. but i've included steps for advanced students like the icons on getting free publicity by starting your own rss news feed, setting up your own blog and getting your own affiliate program created. 
> gives you confidence: 
the entire dashboard is based on my experience. i've been in this business for many years and have been selling online since before the world wide web existed. you can check out the alexa ratings on my web sites as proof i know what i'm doing. chances are, you've seen or read about my push button letters software or the amazing formula.
visually demonstrates what to do with   screen captures:
a picture is often worth a thousand words. so i include plenty of screen captures to demonstrate the different steps, without overwhelming you with needless details or endless screen shots. i've struck a balance to make this simple, practical and useable. 
gives you free trials of innovative, new software programs that speed and simplify your marketing. i believe time is the most important commodity you have. so i save you time by turning you onto a few, choice, potent tools. 

point-and-click marketing is the 
newest, simplest, easiest way 
to make your products sell like crazy.
what's different about my new marketing dashboard is you don't have to read a lot of stuff.  you're busy.  you're probably dealing  with information overload.  and confusion from all the different methods taught by more gurus than you shake a stick at.
my goal from day one when i launched the amazing formula that sells products like crazy was to make your products and services sell like crazy.  and it still is.
the amazing formula was the very first 100% digitally delivered  ebook sold on internet marketing to my knowledge.  i've sold thousands of copies of it.  since then, 203,000 ebooks have been  published and promoted on the subject, more or less.  (i typed "ebook  internet marketing" in google.)  not only that, i've created and rolled out 20 products and survived in this business since launching the amazing formula.  
              i'm not a "one-hit-wonder."  i have not dried up and blown away like
              others.  nor did i spring up yesterday without credentials and proclaim
              myself an expert.  i wrote sales letters full time for a living prior to
              internet marketing -- and was highly compensated for doing so.
anyway, the problem is information overload.  there are so
              many ebooks with so much information, i believe you could spend the rest of your
              life reading all the books and trying to come up with a practical plan of
              action! 
forget all that. can you point and click? 
            can you follow simple step 1, 2, 3 instructions? then this might be your cup of tea. you can read about the average earnings of my customers and ezine readers here. 
your goal is to make money and sell your products and services. 
            not become a marketing professor.  right?  ok then. let's get your
            show on the road.
marlon sanders' marketing dashboard 
turns internet marketing
into a virtual "no-brainer"
each icon on my new marketing dashboard links to a set of steps. following the steps is practically a no-brainer. for example, when you click on "information management, you get several steps to help you manage your information overload and get stuff done faster, simpler, easier.
each step is clearly labeled with large blue
            
            numbers.  and many steps are illustrated with screen captures and step by step video. plus, with each main step i've provided an audio walkthrough that you can listen to right then and there.
4 key differences separate 
the 
marketing dashboard 
from the 
203,000 ebooks
on internet marketing!
there are 4 important differences 
            in the "marketing   dashboard"            



 key difference 1: you point, click and follow the steps labeled by the big blue numbers:
no need to read volumes of information here. follow the big blue numbers and look at the pictures. all important points are illustrated with screen captures.





key difference 2: you get an a to z system that covers everything: 
i give you simple steps for managing your information overload to setting up reminders for your different steps to a spreadsheet i created that lets you literally fill-in-the-blanks and create your marketing plan.
you'll get places and resources to find products to sell if you don't have them. you'll get my simple survey system to find out what people want to buy.





key difference 3: you get free software program trials:
you get 30 to 90 day trials of different software programs that i have assembled for you. they make your internet marketing incredibly easy and fast compared to the "old days" when i started selling the amazing formula.





key difference 4: the main thing is, if you follow the steps, you will get wins and results -- guaranteed.
here's the deal: i'm all about wins and results. when you get a "win" it means you get something done or accomplished that you
              were struggling with or were stopped by before. the whole goal of the marketing dashboard is to get you taking bite-sized steps that get you wins.
and these wins will fuel your motivation and drive to do more. why? because you aren't just reading. you're doing. you're getting
              stuff set up. stuff done.
and
              while i don't represent that the average buyer can or will make profits, because
              i have no control over who buys or what they do, i do guarantee your money back
              if you don't make money.  fair enough?


take a look at what these marketers 
            have to say  about the
            "marlon sanders' marketing dashboard" 










click to listen
                      to alex mandossian 
i've always looked up to marlon sanders for all the pioneering work he's done and plowed all the grounds for us in the internet marketing community.
you know, he's the father of the 2 page website. he's also the father of sending html email that just leap out at you, having all these with these wacky types of pictures... and things like that. 
it's just so entertaining and at the same time it gets my attention so that i take the next step and order.
finally, he's one of the best affiliate support companies and internet marketers i've ever seen.  he gives you everything. he spoon feeds you.  he chews the food for you.  he digests it and all you gotta do is push some buttons.
with this new concept, he's done it again.
the marketing dashboard and notes concept he has is unbelievable. we think in pictures and he's taken icons that are very easy to look at and use and have us go down step by step in weekly steps
six critical steps. take a look at this. seriously consider it. run, don't walk. take your mouse and click and order this right away. you're crazy if you don't get this program right away!

alex mandossian
                        san francisco, ca 















click to listen
                      to jonathan mizel
i just wanted to let you know that i am blown away by the "marketing dashboard." this thing rocks! 
...what i see is a compilation of all the knowledge and all the information and all the products and really, all your experience wrapped up into one amazing marketing system.
i mean, you've covered everything here, setting up your business, targeting your market, processing sales.
you walk people through the sales process, you walk them through the website process, you walk them through the promotion process.
you've just done a phenomenal job and want to thank you very much.
 ...anybody who picks it up is going to be lucky.
jonathan mizel
                      maui, hawaii 















click to listen
                      to joe schroeder 
i've done hundreds and hundreds of thousands of dollars of sales per month in network marketing sales. i'm a pro. i've been in this business for over 10 years. 
i've never seen anybody as proficient and profound and just utterly amazing as the great marlon sanders. 
...i'm here to tell you marlon sanders is the real deal. 
he is the real deal of amazing formulas and amazing marketing.  he's trustworthy, honest. 
marlon sanders... you're a genius.
joe schroeder
                      new jersey, usa 















click to listen
                      to ken hammond 
when i saw your new marketing dashboard a lightbulb went off in my head! 
you really outdid yourself here. i'm  just amazed at how simple it is to use.  
by nature i'm a scattered unorganized person with my business and  you've really laid it out step by step for me, as simple as point and click. 
everything's organized.  here's what to do next. bam. bam. bam. this is really amazing. i'm really excited!
i know this is going to make me a lot of money and i do appreciate it! thanks again marlon!

ken hammond
                        richmond, va 















click to listen
                      to larry foster 
i just received your new marketing dashboard... and was floored at it's comprehensiveness.
everything is there from a to z in how to start, set up and maintain a business. all the tools are there including how to do the business end of the business. 
every new person that aspires to start an internet business has to have this tool. experienced marketers can also use this to fine tune their businesses.
marlon, you've hit a home run!
larry foster,
                      cowensville, pa















click to listen
                      to bob silber
i have to tell you, marlon sanders marketing dashboard is simply brilliant.he step by steps you through every conceivable stage of marketing your products and services on the internet using a graphical interface and easy to follow instructions. 
it's like having marlon in the room with you, looking over your shoulder and guiding you through each and every step. it's an easy to use foolproof system that takes you by the hand ensuring you don't miss any critical step. 
nothing, and i mean nothing is left to chance. i urge you not to miss trying out the system and putting it through it's paces. the only thing he doesn't do is drive you through the bank to collect the profits from your sales.
bob silber










 



click to listen
                      to david frey
marlon, i've  gotta tell you...  you've outdone yourself on the marketing dashboard.
not only is it visually stunning but the 'point and click marketing' steps are ingenious 
here are 3 reasons why i love this product:
first of all, you've made it extremely easy to use. it really is a step by step system that takes you all the way from bringing your business online to making it a profitable success so you haven't left anything out. 
the second reason is that the information is extremely unique and viable. even a seasoned net marketer like myself can learn a lot from this dashboard.
for instance, i brought up the dashboard and clicked on free publicity i learned about a brand new way of using newsletter syndication to get my content circulated to hundreds and thousands of readers on the net.
i never knew anything about this technology. this one piece of information has paid for the program ten times over.
lastly, it's just very convenient. all i do is open the dash board, point and click on the information and there it is.
i highly recommend this product to anybody starting an online business and wants a step by step system for doing it.
thanks marlon
david frey




here are just a few of the amazing goodies 
i've loaded into the marketing dashboard!
 my odd passive income secret: 
the latest 8-step version of my autoresponder follow-up sequence that has become part of common practice. i've added several new twists that make it even better and more powerful. you'll set up a system to get referrals, smoke out customer service problems, conduct surveys, increase customer loyalty and bonding -- and more. 
  the "telex 350" product secret a friend of mine swears made him over $100,000. and he learned it from me.
how to use a follow up certificate  to bump up your follow-up sales.    for example, i take people from a purchase under $100 up to $850 with this.  i've never revealed this before.  it's very powerful.  
  set up your quick launch bar,  so you don't waste time hunting  down the programs you use all the time.  you get visual, step by step video instructions on how to set this up.  i have friends in internet marketing who are very active and don't know about their quick launch toolbar.  if you  use the computer a lot, that's a crime because it's such an enormous time saver. 
 where to buy traffic. 
              you get a bevvy of terrifc resources.  no more struggling trying to figure
                out how the *()_# to get traffic to your web site. it's simple.  you buy
            it.  and it's cheaper now than ever before. 
 how to calculate your daily, weekly and monthly sales and  profit objectives to make the money you want. and how to put these goals on a screen saver so they'll be in front of your face every day -- all day.
how to set up email reminders that will automatically remind you of what you need to be doing, using the free software trial you get with your copy of the dashboard. 
how to set up your own stick letter to increase satisfaction, reduce returns and refunds and increase your unit of sale -- including a   template you can use for your letters.
 what ppc's are and how to use them.  the best little ppc software program i've found that i hardly hear anyone talk about   (surprisingly enough.) 
 6 places to find a techie who can help you with computer problems that can make you pull your hair out if you don't get help. 
 the slick program i use to clean out all the junk that slows your computer down. this is the stuff that builds  up in your "cache," temp files and so forth.  i've saved 722.8 mb of space in the last 30 days alone!  if you don't use a program like this, you're computer is probably running slower than it should.
 the amazing program for managing your tasks i found after a
              
              ton of searching. i used to use a "name brand" day planner software program. 
              
            but i switched to this one because of it's simple, elegant, yet robust design.  you'll be able to stay really organized and save time using this nifty program.
 all about the program i use to eliminate 95% of spam automatically. 
              
              if you're wasting time deleting spam, or even losing good messages because your
              
            inbox is filled with junk, then you'll love this.
 10 steps to finding your hungry target market of people who are practically anxious to buy your product or service.  this 10-step system is brand new and has not been in print before.  if you've been hunting and pecking for your target market, this will clarify things
 greatly for you.
 hosting -- here's a free service that gives you a rating of  a web hosts speed over time based on multiple samples.  this is much  better than simply "pinging" the server one time on an isolated basis.    man, i was shocked when i saw that one web host i was using for a few domains  rated "very slow."  yet, another server i had domains on rated "very fast."  needless to say, i'm moving domains to the host that rates very fast.  i've not seen this little trick published in any ebook to date.
 10 steps to finding hot, in demand products to sell, including my in-depth checklist given only to my elite inner circle members.  and where to find 6,180 manufacturers with products ready for you to buy wholesale and resell on ebay or anywhere else.  
 9 elements you should have on your web site.  don't put  up a site without these!
 what software i recommend for virus prevention and why i recommend it.  if you don't use a program like this, your hard drive could be toast any time now.  
 how i back up my computer just in case that nasty latest virus slips through your anti-virus software.  yep, it does happen.  oh, the other reason you've got to have a back-up system is it's not if your hard  drive will crash and burn. the only question is when.  that's a fact. with the marketing dashboard you  get a step by step video that shows you exactly how quick and simple it can be to back up your important files to 4 different types of media!
 research resources, topics and vendors in a flash with this free add-on to internet explorer.  it displays mini-pictures of web sites almost instantly.  you type in your search term and instead of getting a list of links, you get pictures of the web sites!  this makes internet research so much faster because you can see the site without even having to  click.
 find out how to create your ownvirtual brain with the dandiest information tickler file i've found.  i can't live without it!  and you won't either after you get it set up. and it's ever so easy to use!  wait until you see how you can actually insert links to your excel spreadsheets, html pages, downloads, or any other data on your hard drive. 
so right on one page you can group all kinds of stuff related to any project, product or promotion you're working on. oh, and it's password protected, so you can store passwords in it too.
i'll give you a link to the free trial
              
              download. it's for pc users.  mac users can't use this one. but nearly
                all the other software in the program, including my free trials are compatible
                with mac's.
the marketing dashboard is worth every 
  penny 
of the price -- and much, much more! 
i'm hoping that by now you realize the "marketing dashboard" is worth every penny of the $59.95 one time low price, and more. 
right now you can grab the marketing dashboard for $59.95 .    
i can't possibly even tell you how much time, energy and research i've put into creating the dashboard. at my $1,000 per hour consulting rate, (yes, i do get paid that), i've probably put $100,000 of my time into researching and creating the dashboard. just one idea, trick or secret could easily pay for it.
in summary, here's what you get
one:  the marketing dashboard with the
            point-and-click marketing system that turns selling your products and services
            into a virtual no-brainer.
two:   free trials of  software programs i have assembled to make everything   faster, simpler, easier than ever before.  
three: you will receive  a copy of my new "audio feedback   form exit pop info kit" and a chance to grab an additional   bonus worth $3000.
four:  my 90 day 100% money back guarantee. 
i guarantee you will get wins and 
            results
or you'll get 100% of your money back!
a "win" is when you're able to do something after using the marketing dashboard that you couldn't do before.
or when you've accomplished a key section or step that you've finally got out of the way. 
i absolutely, unequivocally guarantee you will get wins and results far in excess   of the price, or i'll refund every penny of your money within the first 90 days.
                  this is an unconditional, satisfaction guarantee.
having said that, as with all my products, i do not represent you will
                  experience profits as i have nor that the typical or ordinary buyer of
                  this or any of my products makes substantial income.  i have no
                  control over what people do or don't do with my products.  so while your
                  income is not guaranteed in any way, your money back is guaranteed if you are
                    not satisfied.
i really am in this business to help you
                  succeed and sell your products like never before.  so if you don't win, i
                  don't win. if you don't' get results, i lose.  if you aren't happy, i'll
                  refund your money. plain and simple.



satisfaction guaranteed or
quadruple your-money-back!
in the unlikely event you follow the steps 
                        in the dashboard and  it doesn't work for you...
                        i'll give you quadruple your-money-back




i rocked the internet world when i offered a
                  triple-your-money-back guarantee on the amazing formula.  now, it's
                  even crazier.  
i'm offering a quadruple your money back guarantee. 
                  take the dashboard.  follow the icons.  if it doesn't work for you,
                  then i'll give you quadruple-your-money back anytime in the 3 months following your order.  that's how confident i am
                  you will love the dashboard. read the details  here.



your order is safe, secure, & risk free with a 60 day satisfaction guarantee only $59.95
plus, you're also covered by my "quadruple your money back" satisfaction guarantee! 















to order the marketing dashboard just
              click the link below. you can pay using any major credit card, e-check,
              or from your paypal account balance. 
there are 3 ways to order the marketing dashboard:
1) you can order by credit card using the "add to cart" button above.
2) you can click the button above and choose paypal.
3) you can mail in a check or money order.
if you'd like to mail in a check or money order, just include a piece of paper with your full name, email address and the name of the product you are ordering to the address below:
higher response marketing, inc.
              11844 bandera rd. suite #469
              helotes, texas 78023
            
if you have any problems ordering or need assistance, go to this url for support: http://www.getyoursupport.com
best wishes,
              marlon sanders

 









click to listen
                        to tatiana korol
marlon, i want to thank you for creating this amazing simple software.
your dashboard tool takes away any guesswork from organizing business as well as new product rollouts. it has some very valuable ingredients from my point of view. 
first it has a business plan for the next 6 weeks so you can search right away without wasting even one minute of your time. second, it has a list of all the sources that will help you to implement this plan.
most important, it prevents you from making very costly mistakes and takes away frustration from not knowing what to do next.
i have to tell you this and i hope at least 1 person listens to me... if i had this tool a couple of years ago when i just started i would not have made a $50,000  mistake i've made.
tatiana korol
                        vernon hills, il 













click to listen
                        to dick stucki
the dashboard system takes you all the way from the beginning point, through setting up your own website, the merchant account and developing a way to get the product out.
this is a resource that anyone wanting to start a business and sell things on the internet ought to have.
i highly recommend it to everyone!
dick stucki
                        salt lake city, ut











click to listen
                        to brian rodgers 
i just wanted to give you kudos on your marketing dashboard. 
you've done it again with another unbelievable product.
i've been looking at it for the last two hours and think it's one of the most inventive tools that i've seen come along in a long time. it gives you everything from setting up your business to maintaining your business on a monthly basis.
one of the problems that i've had is trying to get all the tools in 1 place and i must say, you've masterfully done that in this product.
great job marlon.
brian rodgers,
                        hutchinson, ks




 
legal information | privacy policy | associates| login


 © 2015 by higher response marketing, inc. all rights reserved.
 




















