


home - tartan owners northeast






















skip to main content





































add me to your mailing list
						
						   
						




member login









about tonesign upmembershipbenefits of membershipevents2024 summer rendezvous siforumsnewsphotosinfomembership directorymodelsthe libraryowner websitesthe ditty bagblogsboat bazaaryachtsyachtwearflotsam & jetsamlinkstartan yachts - generalchesapeake bay tartan s c chesapeake t30 associationtartan 34 classic association tartan 34-2 ownerst37 associationtartan 4400 owners' groupargonsailing.comthe nautical lifestyle.comtone groups.io linksponsors








 
 
 






 owners ...the website




    tartan owners northeast, inc.




 





















fall tone rendezvous
seawanhaka corinthian yacht club
september 21, 2024



on saturday, september 21 to sunday, september 22, 2024, seawanhaka yacht club hosted a local rendezvous for tone and interested tartan owners.  

thanks to the good offices of julian fisher, vice commodore at seawanhaka and a tartan 4100 owner, we were invited to a one night rendezvous with an included dinner event. initially, there was going to be a racing event on that saturday, but since seawanhaka was hosting the 6 metre pre-worlds off of cold spring harbor in the sound that day the race was cancelled.
 
 click here to see the dinner details: seawanhaka fall 2024 rendezvous

it was a great late season opportunity to share some quality time with fellow tartan owners in a classic yacht club environment.


seawanhaka corinthian yacht club is a private, member-owned yacht club located on beautiful centre island in oyster bay, new york. since 1871, our members have demonstrated a passion for sailing and maritime history.  you can see more information about seawanhaka on their website:
www.seawanhaka.org








summer rendezvous 2024
shelter island yacht club
august 13 - 15, 2024



the first 2024 tone summer rendezvous was held at the shelter island yacht club, dering harbor, shelter island, ny, on august 13th and 14th.  tone tartans came into the harbor all during the day on tuesday and then the group enjoyed cocktails on the yacht club deck in the evening.  the assembled owners and guests then gathered for a wonderful dinner on wednesday the 14th. 

siyc is a beautiful club and the setting in dering harbor was peaceful and beautiful.  we had 16 boats in the group and the dinner was a rousing 28 members and guests.  we had beautiful weather both days (and on thursday when we all left) which greatly added to the ambiance of the event.

  

members and guests enjoyed the great dinner prepared by the siyc staff out on their lovely deck.  the weather was good and the view of the harbor was unmatched.  a wonderful night for all.







spring 2024 nor'easter newsletter
is available now





 

the spring 2024 edition of tone nor'easter is available now here on the site.  click on the link below to download this new edition.


in this new edition we have the usual president's letter bringing you up to date on tone doings as well as:

coast guard news - an update on the coast guard museum.

tartan musings from tim jackett - tim was feted at a march tone dinner.  what did it make him think about?
 
suddenly in command - lithium batteries are all the thing.  but beware, there are some issues!

tartan racing news - some tone members are racing and so are some ex-tone boats.

tartan tips - dick jerauld showers and winter solar power.

galley notes - a special 4th of july charcuterie.

click here to download your copy:

spring 2024 nor'easter








 







 tone's mission: to provide forums for all tartan owners to exchange information, enjoy boating and social events together,
 and create a sense of fellowship in order to enhance our ownership experiences. 
feedback note: you must log in to get the feedback forms.

 








     
					









home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy

powered by 











