





dr.speech








home
about us
products
dr.speech online
contact us




sign in
















                            download
                        



                            learn more
                        







                        learn more
                    








            tigerdrs
          is a trusted, leading voice & speech therapy products and services platform designed for personal and professional use.
        we focus on improving speech, hearing, language, cognition, vocabulary, reading, and functional skills.
        our innovative speech therapy programs provide easy accessibility from anywhere to anytime,
        providing anyone with the opportunity to use it.
    

our products may be used by




                        speech
                    
disorders



                        communication
                    
disorders


language 
delay


hearing 
impaired


learning 
disabilities


brain 
injuries


stroke


cerebral 
palsy


voice 
practitioners


and more! 





why choose tiger drs?






made by professionals

                        our software and products are created by professional speech therapists.
                    





easy-to-use

                        we care about our user’s experience and constantly work towards making our products more comfortable and easy to use.
                    






                        fun and engaging games
                    

                        our programs are great for maintaining children’s attention and providing them a fun way to therapy.

                    






                        therapy = anytime, anywhere
                    

                        our dr. speech online platform can be used from the comforts of your own home to hospitals and clinics.

                    






                        be involved in your loved one’s progress
                    

                        allowing families to actively support and work alongside their loved ones.

                    






                        maintain previous progress
                    

                        used to maintain and build upon previous progress from therapy sessions, beyond standard available care.
                    






testimonials


patient’s parent




thank you for your products and dr. speech online. my son has a hearing disability and your programs gave us hope to his continue therapy. he especially enjoys your speech therapy program. he loves how the game-like therapy makes learning and practicing more fun. he’s proud of his progress as he reaches the finish line or beats his previous scores. this makes it easier for me to get him to consistently engage in therapy sessions every day.
-	charlie’s mother



professional




your programs are a great addition to traditional speech therapy methods. i love how versatile it is, it can be used on its own or as a supplementary therapy method with professional help. i’ve used them with both children and adults with a wide range of speech, language, and communication disorders. it’s very easy to use and easy to record and document data as well.
-	lena zhu, professional speech therapist






        we strive to improve the globalization of speech science education. we would like to share these free interactive multimedia resources provided to us by speech-language pathology department of daegu cyber university, south korea. please enjoy and enrich yourself! 
    






                    tigerdrs
                



                    tigerdrs is a trusted, leading voice & speech therapy products and services platform designed for personal and professional use.
                



                    contact us
                



po box 75063
seattle, wa 98175
+1 (206) 499-5757
tigerdrs@me.com





        copyright © 1999 tiger drs, inc.  all rights reserved.
    




