







shady oaks campground & rv park | camping in the ozarks






 




















 

 



  

960 highway 206eharrison, ar 72601
									
									

get directions







(870) 743-2343[browser scripting must be enabled in order to view this e-mail address]


make a reservation



  














 home

 rates & reservation requests

 site map & rules

 area attractions & travel directions



















 

 

 

 











welcome to shady oaks campground, gateway to the beautiful ozarks.
snowbirds welcome - we are open all year, with mild winters! ask us about our new glamping tent sites.
							monthly sites now available.

third annual halloween bashoctober 25-27


decoration contest
					win a weekend at shady oaks!
				come and decorate your campsite, tent or motor home. who can have the best decorations in the park?
best pumpkin contest
			who can carve the best pumpkin in shady oaks? win a shady oaks sweatshirt. pumpkins will be available.
bring your candy
		trick or treat, keep it fun for the kids! saturday, octoboer 26, 6:00pm.
costume party
		all campers invited, starts october 26 @ 7:00pm. bring a side dish or a dessert. shady oaks loves a good potluck!
hedley lamar will be playing for our third year, always great having them at the park!
	
	
voted best campground in harrison 2024!

2024 calendar of events
may 25th
kick off the season with music by kickin country
potluck dinner 7:00-10:00
june 8th
harrison city wide yard sale
june 16th
father’s day
june 20th
first day of summer
june 28th-29th
elk festival in jasper, music and food for the whole family
july 4th
fire in the sky, harrison soccer complex
fireworks
july 6th
7 south live music
potluck dinner 7:00-10:00
august 31st
labor day weekend, greenland station live music, potluck
september 13th-15th
29th annual hot air balloon festival championship
book early, we always book out for this event.
september 18th-21st
bikes, blues, and bbq
september 22nd
first day of autumn
october 26th
halloween party, music, costume contest, food
december 31st
new year’s eve party
							






nestled on just over twelve acres, far enough away from the buzz of traffic, you’ll find peace in
the beautifully treed and nostalgic setting. we are open year-round and offer beautiful cabins,
spacious 30/50-amp rv sites and tent/hammock camping.
the beautiful buffalo national river is just fifteen minutes away with kayaking, canoeing, hiking,
fishing, rock climbing, mountain biking, atv riding, waterfall viewing and more. history buffs will
find the area rich in civil war landmarks.
we are a favorite for motorcycle riders, too. just turn either way from our paved entry and enjoy
some of the best riding our beautiful state has to offer.


							for a quicker check-in, download and fill out our
							
							camper’s agreement (pdf).interested in 
							staying at shady oaks long term? fill out this
							
							information sheet (pdf) to be approved!












							our pavilion boasts a kitchen area, charcoal grill, 
							seating for large groups, and a sofa and large 
							screen tv and games galore. just outside is a playground, volleyball, horseshoes, basketball
and a splash pad for those warmer days of summer. we are introducing live music for your
enjoyment throughout the spring, summer and fall.
							















multiple dishwashing stations
coin operated laundry
multiple showers and toilets, including handicap accessible located throughout the campground
groomed nature trails
off leash dog park
new doggy wash
rec room with pool tables, ping pong, shovelboard
free wi-fi / good cell reception

propane fill station
fire rings and picnic tables at each site
small store offering wood bundles, ice and other essentials
for the kids - large playground & splash pad for the hot summer days


for memories that last a lifetime, come spend your well-earned time off with us.
we will leave the campfire burning.
ray and anna black



shady oaks campground










 






960 highway 206e
harrison, ar 72601
 
(870) 743-2343[browser scripting must be enabled in order to view this e-mail address] 

















						© 2025 shady oaks campground & rv park. all rights reserved.						

accessibility statement | privacy statement






















