





south dakota campgrounds












home

explore
      


badlands
chamberlain/oacoma
kadoka
mitchell
murdo
pierre
presho
sioux falls
yankton


about
contact
☰



south dakota campgrounds





welcome to the south dakota camping web site, your complete guide to campgrounds, rv parks, and other outdoor recreation accommodations in south dakota, including the black hills area of sd. includes campgrounds and camping sites close to custer state park, mt. rushmore, crazy horse mountain, sturgis bike week and other attractions throughout the area. your travel and vacation plans come alive when you enter the majestic mount rushmore area with its numerous attractions, including entertainment, dining, motels, shopping, camping, deadwood gambling, sturgis camping and bike rally.
visit the awe-inspiring mount rushmore or view the magnificent carving of crazy horse. take a trip through custer state park, in the heart of the black hills (where the buffalo roam). or experience sturgis, where motorcycles rule during august, time of the world famous sturgis motorcycle rally.â 
whatever your vacation pleasure, the mount rushmore camping web site will provide you with information on where to go and what to do to make your vacation a wonderful event. happy vacationing in south dakota!








































about
south dakota campgrounds is part of the traveler magazine family.
for over 35 years, traveler magazine has been the premier guide for south dakota travelers. from its humble beginnings as a simple tri-fold pamphlet to be the largest and most recognized travel guide in south dakota. traveler magazine has always strived to provide tourists with the most comprehensive directory to all things south dakota.

in 2014, traveler magazine launched south dakota video tours. the video tours are designed to give viewers a quick informative overview of their desired location. with over 200 videos to date, and more being added every year, south dakota video tours makes it easy for travelers to find exactly where they want to spend their vacation. be sure to follow south dakota video tours on facebook and instagram for great photos, trivia tuesdays, video bloopers, weather updates, and more.

whether you prefer print or online media, traveler magazine is the best place to get all of your south dakota information.


contact
sd web traveler
sdwebtraveler@gmail.com
po box 2541 rapid city, sd 57709
1-800-311-7066




footer banner section 
tourist information
black hills tourist info
south dakota tourist info
mount rushmore tourist info
south dakota video tours


©2019 - sd web traveler




