









quilting by the lake 2025 - schweinfurth memorial art center



































































  


skip to content











call us! 315.255.1553 
facebook


twitter


instagram












menu


exhibits

current exhibits
upcoming exhibits
past exhibits
opportunities


classes

workshops
adult classes
youth classes
open studio


visit
programs

events
qaq trunk shows
quilts=art=quilts artist talks
all artists’ talks


quilting by the lake 2025
our mission
about

staff & board
job opportunities
artist in residence
news


support

annual memberships
capital campaign
donate


account login
 


















quilting by the lake 2025








































 
homefacultyclasseshousing & mealstravel & parkingscholarshipsimportant informationregistrationabout qbl








registration for quilting by the lake 2025 is now open!






july 20 - august 2, 2025






welcome to quilting by the lake (qbl), a 2-week, internationally recognized quilting event taking place on the hobart and william smith campus in geneva, ny, in the heart of the finger lakes. located at the north end of seneca lake, the attractive campus provides a wonderful setting for world-class quilting workshops. classes will be offered in design, techniques, and surface design to suit all quilting styles: traditional, art, or modern. sign up and be part of our special community, treasured for its creative environment and camaraderie.
quilting by the lake consists of two 1-week sessions from july 20 to august 2. sessions begin on sundays and run through saturdays; classes run mondays through fridays.
 
qbl 2025 faculty:
session i july 20-26: betty busby, sheila frampton-cooper, paula kovarik, youngmin lee, and david taylor
session ii july 27- aug. 2: valerie goodwin, irene roderick, sujata shah, and maria shell
 
qbl will include:

beautiful views of seneca lake
afternoon and evening programs, including lectures, trunk shows, a mini-mall where faculty and students can sell their creations, and student show & tell
all meals included in housing plans: breakfast, lunch, and dinner
opening and closing banquets












overview of faculty and classes



































 










schweinfurth art center the schweinfurth art center provides creative opportunities and transformational experiences through the arts, for all people. we believe in public access to the arts and are committed to integrity; diversity, equity, access, and inclusion; excellence; understanding with generosity of spirit; and lifelong learning.
 address: 205 genesee st. auburn, ny 13021, united states.
 phone: 315.255.1553
 email: mail@schweinfurthartcenter.org

 schweinfurth art center is funded, in part, by new york state council on the arts with the support of governor kathy hochul and the new york state legislature

donate








 





© 2021 schweinfurth memorial art center  
facebook


twitter


instagram



 



		website powered by neon one





















