mytools - online tools for small problemsonline toolsto fix the small problemsthat make the big onescrop imageresize imagecompress pdfother toolsour toolscompress pdfa pdf with many images is often too big to be sent as an email attachment. compress it to make it much smaller.compress pdfpdf to facebookfacebook does not support the pdf format. but you can easily post yours to your facebook page.pdf to facebookpdf to cbzpdf is great for many document types. for graphical novels, cbz is even better. convert yours now.pdf to cbzpdf to jpgpdf is not always the best format. sometimes you just need its content as a set of jpg images.convert pdf to jpgjpg to pdfyour jpg are not the proper format for the task at hand. convert them to a pdf file.convert jpg to pdfcrop imageyour images have too much content, or a scanned document has wide margins. whatever the case, you can remove some portions.crop imageresize imagesome images are too big? resize them to lower their resolution and reduce their size.resize imagerotate pdfupside down pdf is a classic. scanners can be so tricky. but pdf can be fixed by a single rotation.rotate pdftimestampprotect your intellectual property by tumestamping a file of value. get a proof of ownership.timestampvalidate timestampvalidate a timestamp previously issued by mytools, prove your ownership.verify timestamprotate videoyour video is upside down or sideway? rotate it to make it perfect.rotate videovideo to mp3you have a video clip and want to extract its soundtrack as an mp3.video to mp3mp3 to videoyou want to publish an mp3 on a video plateform, such as facebook. first, turn it to a video.convert mp3 to videocorrupt a filewhen everything else failed, give yourself a break by sending a corrupted file to your recipient.corrupt a file on purposesmall problems can stop youfrom achieving bigin this ever-changing world, you cannot survive being non-tech-savvy. how about having an online go-to-place that has all the tools to fix your issues regarding images, pdfs, videos, and mp3s?how mytools has got your backevery internet user faces dozens of major to minor issues with his files. how to crop an image? how to rotate a pdf? how to fix an upside-down video?we understand that these questions can be the worst nightmares for non-technical users. especially when you know that your huge project is at a stake because of this minor issue, it is even scarier!what would you do now? buy expensive software and learn to use them? certainly not.don't underestimate these minor issueswhether it be your college assignment or office job, not paying heed to your file issues can result in negative feedback.fixing minor issues regarding your images, pdfs, videos, and mp3s manually can cost you time, money, anxiety, and frustration.why not bookmark a "master of all" online tool that fixes your file issues on a single page?services of mytoolsimagedo you hate switching to jpg or png image formats? or cropping the image is the part that you hate the most? mytools has simple solutions to fix your images in easy steps.pdfpdf is often the accepted format to submit documents. mytools will help you rotate, merge, sign, compress, and upload pdf to facebook. also, you can batch convert your pdfs into other formats.video and audioswitch between video and audio formats without hiring a video editor! crop and rotate videos with a few clicks. mytools helps you save your favorite music videos in mp3 format.simple steps for complex issuesthose little hassles take a few seconds to get resolved.pick the file on your computer or deviceedit it with a plain interfacedownload the resultdone! how easy was it?why choosing mytoolsguaranteed securitywe do not share your files nor keep them in our database. every file is deleted forever within a couple of hours.quick solutionswe are focused on time-saving and efficient solutions. all our services are offered as super fast solutions.100% freeon one hand, where you had to spend hundreds to buy software, mytools offers its basic features for free!fast infrastructurewhatever the size of your file, our infrastructure lets you to use the maximum potential of your downloading speed.globally trustedwe deal with thousands of files daily from users all across the world. we have helped people and this is our pride!feature updatesmytools updates its features and adds new ones time-to-time to make sure you enjoy the best experience.our bloglearn more about mytools. our stories, insights...servicescrop imageresize imagecompress pdfpdf to facebookpdf to cbztimestampmiscblogcontact uslink to usabout usterms of serviceprivacy policycookie policymytools © 2022