







black arabian horses of sapphire farms - homozygous black and black 
arabian horses








               
			
     
			
        
			
       
			
      
			
    
			


 
 

sapphire farms 
			specializes in the black arabian horse and is the home of some truly 
			outstanding black horses.   we have focused on the black 
			color in the arabian horse since 2000...but we will not compromise 
			on quality and beauty just for color.
 

the black 
			stallions thee onyx and om el najeeb dream call 
			our small farm home.  tragically, we lost our beloved thee onyx 
			in 2016.  thankfully we still have two gorgeous onyx daughters 
			that are loved and appreciated every day.
 

we adhere to the belief 
			that a breeder should have quality, not quantity.  our small 
			farm has sold horses in the continental united states and we have 
			had our horses exported to europe and the middle east.  
			sapphire farms bred horses have gone on to become and produce halter 
			and performance champions.  we strive to have both halter and 
			performance prospects to offer in the  stunning black coat color --  
			just let us know what you might be looking for.  if we don't 
			have what you're looking for we may be able to help you find it.   
			broodmares and bred mares are occasionally available.    be sure to 
			check out our sales page as we may just have your next 
			champion...in black!
 

mary kinsey and sue 
			wells are sisters who invite you to enjoy the selection of beautiful 
			arabian horses we have to offer.   most are the elusive black color 
			and all are just gorgeous!  sapphire farms is located in south 
			central pennsylvania.   we will be happy to help you arrange the 
			domestic and international transport for horses purchased from us.
 

sapphire farms - home to 
			some of the most beautiful black arabian horses in the world!
 
 



our senior champion stallion thee 
			onyx       ~1999-2016~

			 
 

 

a new black filly has 
			arrived on april 26, 2017!

om el najeeb dream x lr 
			breathless



newborn photo
 

 

we now offer equine, 
			farm and pet photography...check out our
			photography 
			page.
 

 

see original black 
			arabian horse artwork inspired by our horses 
			
here.

			 


			 



2017 breeding contract for om el 
			najeeb dream

			 

 



all inquiries to sue 
			wells

south central pa


inquirysapphire@aol.com

717-938-8801
 

 

site redesigned in 
			october 2016 by 


sue wells.  last update 
			october 2017.

conformation of 
			all horses unaltered.  photos may not be used without 
			permission.

website banner 
			is an original digital oil painting of om el najeeb dream by sue 
			wells.

			 





