



scott powers

























































































home
castings
forums & seminars
class schedule
instructors
lunch bunches
weekly tips
join our mailing list
we recommend
contact us
testimonials
“here’s looking at you”











































late breaking news

our next forum is set for thursday, may 17th. click here to sign up. for our spring class schedule, click here  @spowersstudios














our actors doing well

before i started working at scott power studios, i was first a student. transitioning from on stage to on camera was a tough challenge that was overcome by the multiple classes i took at scott's with some of the industry's best. i learned from them, and from scott, the skills needed to succeed both in front of the camera and behind-the-scenes, understanding the business in "show business." because of my experiences there, i've been a working actor ever since. my agents and managers that i'm signed with all came from contacts met as scott powers studios and i'm very grateful for the guidance and knowledge i received during my time there.














thought for the day

"you matter . . . until you multiply yourself times the speed of light squared. then you energy"
– anon.














a message from

scott powers
our overall goal is to prepare the serious actor with the skills and training to be competitive in a competitive industry, to get the proper representation and industry contacts and to consistently book significant work.
within the last 28 years of our existence, we’re proud of our reputation for attracting the industry’s best instructors and preparing focused, motivated students who go on to enjoy significant careers. we are educators first and foremost. when i founded this school, i listened to students who had studied elsewhere – what they liked and didn’t like. i incorporated their needs within our philosophy of creating an institution that directly addressed the specific needs of the individual professional actor. making this the priority over the economic maximization of enrolling masses of students in “feel good classes” has held us in good stead and allows us to maintain a personal relationship with an actor that continues often for many years.
what happens in class is important; what sustains the student after class is when the true value of a class becomes evident and we make sure the two connect.
our business model works. we are pleased to have many working actors that we have taught tell us that we are responsible for the success of their career.


























   
t: 212.242.4700 e: getworking@scottpowers.com
copyright © 2021 scott powers studios, inc. all rights reserved.











 

next
previous




























