

youcandraw.com fact: you can learn to draw faces and caricatures - even if you've never drawn before - and build your own money-making venture by investing in the 700+ page youcandraw electronic sourcebook and year long on-line lessons.









click here to 
make sure you check out our info-packed sister site - 

tons of free info






paintings


fifteen practical, proven steps to 
        
        drawing 
      caricatures - even if you've never 
      drawn before greatest 
      gold-mine of easy "learn to draw caricatures" advice and 
      instructionever crammed into one product - learn to draw 
      faces, caricatures, (or anything else) and see instant improvement in all your drawing 
      after just one lesson: 
      










newsflash 
                        - folks, we're going to test something - read here how 
                        you can right
now access 
                        the 
                        online site for nothing:


yes, 
                    we're going to allow you free access to the 
                    online book, no strings attached. no credit cards, 
                    no list to sign up for, no 20 pages of stuff to sort 
                    though to sign up for / not sign up for. none of that junk. 
                    i'll show you in a second how to jump right in, literally.- 
                    just 5 short paragraphs down. give them a read (the next 5 
                    paragraphs) 
                    and i'll let you in on why i'm doing this. 
not only that --- click here for transport to bought-and-paid-for, free download link to the whole book.  instructions found at that page. yep, i'm serious :-). 12/02/2021.
yes, 
                    you read right: the whole 800 plus page book with 14 or 
                    17 (i forget) pretty darn impressive learning-aid flash lessons, 2000 illustrations, 
                    and everything you'll read about below. the arguably largest 
                    single source on drawing caricatures from the ground up ever 
                    written. the volume i poured seven and 1/2 years of my 
                    life writing and spent 10's of thousands of dollars producing. 
                     
why 
                    am i doing this? first, i want to find out if allowing 
                    the power of google, yahoo and all the other search engines 
                    to scoop up every page might not elevate youcandraw.com and 
                    it's sister sites to the top of the search engines. and 
                    what does that do? it allows us top advertising placement 
                    from the best, most relevant art related businesses and companies 
                    in the world. it might give us revenue to keep this site open 
                    for free. for you. forever.
(so please 
                    don't be offended if you start seeing those google ads showing 
                    up in the margins - they're keeping this open for you.)
and 
                    if that doesn't happen right away and if you feel 
                    it's a value to you, you might - after you've had a chance 
                    to look it over thoroughly - you might even want to buy your own the downloadable version of the entire site. (we'll soon be adding the cd-rom version back for sale) look it over first and see if it's worthwhile 
                    to you.
discount 
                    for those on the e-mail list if we ever 
                    go back behind a password :-) 
we'd love 
                    to get you on our e-mail list too (click 
                    here to get on the email list - 
                    you'll be whisked to our sister site) 
                    - you don't want to miss any updates! and if we have to return 
                    to the dark old ages of charging for everything, i will 
                    be giving a discount to those who've got on the  
                    e-mail list. (check out our sister 
                    site for a large number of examples of the in-depth 
                    measures we've gone to in our newsletters.) 
so get 
                    on that email list! hint hint... i don't 
                    require it, and i sure can't make you sign up, but i think 
                    it's a fair trade. cool :-) 
and 
                    to dive right in, click 
                    here for the quick 
                    reference page, and here for the "from 
                    the top" section - which is where i 
                    recommend starting. where's that again? the "from 
                    the top" section. 
                    this is also where you'll find all those flash lessons. you 
                    can also click on the "for insiders" 
                    link over there on the left. again, we'd love to get you on 
                    our e-mail list too (click 
                    here), you'll see a link right back to this page 
                    after you sign up. ok, i'll shut up about the email list already. 
                    :-) 
no tricks 
                    here folks. i'm 
                    entirely serious about this. and the more people you tell, 
                    the better! i'll give this 120 - 180 days to test and 
                    decide if i'll put it back behind password protection. now 
                    back to the story: about how we're going to get you drawing 
                    caricatures....enjoy! 
ps - it's been 3 and 1/2 years since i dropped the password and opened  up this entire site to the world wide web. what did i learn? that so far, people don't like ads! people can't stand ads. so i'll keep this open as long as i can afford it, no ads -- for free! but if you're at all inclined, buy yourself a downloadable copy. if we return to a paid password arrangement, you'll have your very own copy :-) 
(note: 9/20/2011 ...after doing this for over thirteen years, i'm pooped out on  writing the  e-newsletter. might it come back? i won't completely rule it out. we shall see. the very successful coaching call has been discontinued, and the cd-rom is not offered at this time - but will be offered again soon....but you can still get all the information, one huge "data dump" of drawing lessons and how to tap that "artist brain" dwelling and idling inside you. so...... 
...get your own piece  of youcandraw.com. for about 20 dollars...see below...i'll shut up now :-)  
 
-warmly, 
                    

                    jeff kasbohm
                    [today's date: st. patty's day, 2008;
                    actually posted 4/18/2008]


                    ps - read on! :-)


you know how 
              some people have always wanted to learn to draw faces and caricatures 
              - not to mention make money drawing them - but thought they needed 
              some special gift that they didn't think they had?

what i do is teach people that not only can they learn 
            to draw, but they can learn to draw faces and caricatures faster 
            than they ever thought they could in a unique, nurturing, one of a 
            kind, self-paced, combined cd-rom and on-line program you can access 
            for one entire year.
but it won't take a year to learn to draw. absolutely not:
by the time you finish 
            lesson one you'll not only see instant 
            improvement in your drawing, you'll
feel it. i'm so certain, i'll guarantee 
            your satisfaction 12 full months. here's a few key features 
            that are included when you sign up:..




* this is a windows based program 
                  *
* 827-plus page three-part monster 
                  book contained in it's entirety on cd-rom, so 
                  you'll always have a back-up copy if your hard drives goes 
                  bad, maintained and continuously updated on-line;* 
                  exclusive password accessible site 
                  - you'll receive a one year subscription; 
                  * 
                  royalty-free caricature gallery;* fifteen new, unique, one of a kind "flash" 
                  interactive lessons(free sample lesson below)* 
                  electronic magazine one year subscription;* 30 
                  minute phone consultation; (and much more - see 
                  below)
and with a little effort, you can start 
                  earning on the order of 40, 50, 60 dollars an hour - to start 
                  - even if you've never drawn 
                  before."dear jeff, i wanted to let you 
                  know that i think your you can draw program is a real gift! i 
                  started it about a week ago and i'm making incredible 
                  progress. i had already enrolled in 2 other very good on-line 
                  sites with highly accomplished artists and learned quite a bit 
                  from them...
...but your step-by-step 
                  guidance and l & r methods, [left 
                  and right brain methods] and the rapid progress that 
                  i made would never have happened without your program. this 
                  program should be 'mandatory' in schools that teach art! 
                  thanks for the gift! i don't have to look any further for art 
                  on line!
....your program is 
                  something that should be made possible to as many people as 
                  possible! (p.s. the price is ridiculously low! just my 2 cents 
                  worth!) thanks again for everything. joe"
joe byrne 
                  www.abracadabraart.biz 
                  tara4byrne@netscape.net



walter 
  mathau
*******************

click here for figure drawings at the new 2022 upload page of the past two and 3/4 years morning figure drawing sessions.
*******************
click here for soon to be purchaseable drawings and paintings at daily paintworks -- and type in "kasbohm, jeff" in the search screen.

and jeff's blogspot here.
*******************
click here for transport to bought-and-paid-for, free download link to the youcandraw-com whole book.  instructions at that page. yep, i'm serious :-). 12/02/2021.

 ******************* 


free pdf download for students of medicine: learning ecg interpretation by incorporating drawing on the right side of the brain techniques

 
 







 











hi, 
                  my name is jeff kasbohm and i've been teaching people like you 
                  how to draw faces and caricatures from the ground up on the 
                  internet for over 7years now - even if you've never drawn 
                  before. whether it's just learning to draw realistically 
                  you're interested in, or you really want to dive into drawing those zany 
                  hilarious caricatures, i'm confident you can learn 
                  both...
asking 
                  one question
for over 
                  seven and a half years i've been working on and asking 
                  this one question: how to make the most complete, one-stop, 
                  self-contained electronic program that teaches people like 
                  you not just the basics of drawing, but how 
                  to draw caricatures and 
            portraits.



caricatures and portraits that can:

crack 
                    you up with laughter, 
make 
                    you the life of the party, 
influence people and political opinion,
make 
                    you an extra 50, 60, even 100 dollars an hour and 
                    more, 
but 
                    most of all give you that deep satisfaction and fulfillment 
                    doing something creative and completely original can do - 
                    with you stamped all over it. 
in the 
                  off-line world i've seen people learn to draw in as little as 
                  five days. sound impossible? it's not - with 
                  your desire and the right kind of teaching it's entirely 
                  within your reach. of that i'm sure. (the 5-day off-line 
                  program i'm referring to costs about a thousand dollars - and 
                  that's just to learn the basics of drawing from which all 
                  other kinds of realistic drawing flow. but you can learn 
                  all the same things here for literally pennies on the dollar.) 
                  
click 
                  here to jump directly to more program info 
              

didn't happen over night...and after nearly seven years, 
            it's done
los angeles, 1994. a friend of mine, i'll call brad, 
            learned i drew caricatures. he said to me "jeff, i've always wanted 
            to learn how to draw those, but i can't draw and i sure as heck 
            wouldn't know where to start. can you teach me?" "sure" i 
            said.
i told him about the three main areas he'd have 
            to concentrate on (which you'll read more about below). i told him 
            

he needed to learn basic realistic drawing. 
              
he needed to apply those basics to the 
              features of the head and face. and 
lastly,
he needed to take a leap of faith - he needed to muster up 
              that "yehaa" spirit when it came time to caricature. 
              

we 
            were both up for it - he wanted to learn and i wanted to teach. i 
            wish i could tell you he's now a published artist making millions 
            but that's not exactly the case. he got his assignments (from 
            me of course), i gave him books - books about basic drawing 
            techniques, anatomy, and caricatures. i showed him where to get 
            paper, pencils, drawing supplies, how to schedule drawing sessions, 
            etc. 
between his job, other los angeles distractions, his 
            girlfriend, and my inexperience at teaching, well it wasn't a 
            complete success. (we're still good friends though :-)
how to teach you
but 
            it got me thinking "how could and how would i teach 
            someone to draw faces and caricatures - even if they've never 
            drawn before? how could i put together in one volume, a 
            one-stop resource where everything was covered?" 
it's 
            2004 now - almost ten years after that first less than successful 
            teaching attempt and coming up quick on 8 years since i wrote the 
            first page of the e-book of what's become the youcandraw.com 
            caricature drawing system. what's this caricature 
            drawing system about? in a nutshell it's about:






an 
                    800+ page 3-part, 15 lesson main volume;
the 
                    artist's loft communiqué;
royalty-free caricatures;
9+ 
                    years of archived 
                    e-magazines ;
15+ interactive, "flash" 
                    technology lessons; access to the 
                    author /artist;
30 
                    minute coaching call

want 
            to learn to draw faces and caricatures - but don't think you 
            can even draw a good stick figure? if you have the desire, i think i 
            can help you. read on and i'll tell you all about it the 
            complete caricature / learn-to-draw learning system. 
            
jeff 
            kasbohmminneapolisdecember, 2004
ps - what are the most common questions about drawing 
            caricatures ? -you might find it very curious that people's most 
            urgent questions about learning to draw caricatures are really 
            about where to start drawing. whether they realize it or 
            not they're really asking "how do i get what artist's have?" 
            that's where it all starts - this is the crux of it. 
            this is where you start your career as a 
            caricaturist... 





here's 
            the whole "kit and kaboodle": introducing the youcandraw.com caricature drawing 
            system even if you've 
            never drawn before -
let's sum up your plan of 
            attack(back to top) 


what we do 
            is show you from start to finish 
            the tricks and techniques artists use to get their minds in the 
            drawing mode: into the "artist's mind". we show you piece by little 
            piece in a jam packed 800+ page electronic book, with monthly 
            e-zines, a cache of royalty-free caricatures, and your own 
            "cyber-coach" (a certified "drawing on the right side of the 
            brain" instructor and published caricaturist), how to draw faces 
            and caricatures from scratch - even if you've never 
            drawn before...
all stuffed into arguably the 
            largest one-stop learn-to-draw and 
            learn-to-draw-caricatures resource ever created. and we don't 
            abandon you there. let's break it down into 
            it all it's parts:


"part i of the e-book: what do artist's have 
            (that you don't think you have - but you 
            actually do) and how do you get 
            it?" can't draw? not a 
            problem. we give you a plan of attack. you'llstart with the very 
            basics of drawing and learn the unique and fastest approach to 
            drawing we've ever seen

 





learn in part i: 
                  what do artist's have that you don't think you do? 
                  
that's simple: they've acquired 
                  the ability to leave behind their thinking, judgmental, 
                  language-driven left brains and hop instantly into 
                  their real-time, observational right brain: the 
                  artist's brain. that's the fundamental thing they do 
                  that you don't think you can. that's it! that's the key to 
                  learning to draw. 



 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

"so how can you get what they 
            got?"

in other 
            words, what's the key to drawing?that's what we cover in part 
            i

here's the answer: 
            perception. learning to see as an artist is about learning to get 
            into your right 
            brain. anybody can learn this. in fact you already do this 
            all the time - you're just not entirely aware of it when you do it. 
            not only will you learn to recognize this perceptual function - this 
            artist function of your brain - but more importantly, you'll 
            learn to call it up at will. and that's exactly what 
            you'll dive into in part i of the lessons.
how do you get into your right brain, 
            how do you learn to call it up at will? you'll learn it by going one by one through specially 
            designed exercises that'll ruffle and tease your rational, 
            language-driven brain and personality to the point where it 
            just has to throw it's hands up and say "this can't be done!". 
            (back to 
            top) 
 
subtle magic
"well i'm not sure that sounds so 
            good" you might be saying. i 
            understand you thinking that but this is exactly what you 
            want. this is the point of entry - where subtle 
            magic
takes over. this is where your right 
            brain can come out of hiding and strut it's stuff. and everything 
            builds on that foundation: sneaking around that dominating, 
            language-bound, control-obsessed left brain into abandoning the job 
            at hand and strengthening the right brain's ability to see, hear, 
            and feel things as they are right now. that's the whole trick of 
            learning to draw.
"dear jeff... i just 
            finished the third lesson and let me tell you something: your 
            drawing course is at least fantastic! i just want to tell you few 
            thinking of my own about l and r mode. ... i didn't have a relaxed 
            time but for sure time flew so quickly! i'm starting to understand 
            about the shifting you are talking about (from l to r mode). sounds 
            to me a very impressive step forward. thanks... and hope you will have time to see soon some 
            of my drawings! 




best wishes, 
 


-manuel lopez micheloneméxico d.f (mexico 
                  city)morsa@virtualia.com.mxz

 
right side of the brain: sounding 
            familiar? starting to sound 
            familiar? like those "drawing on the right side of the brain" 
            (drsb) techniques dr. betty 
            edwards has been teaching for almost 30 years? well that's because 
            that's where we start. (i'm a certified drsb instructor - see my diploma:




there's other 
            approaches to learning to draw but the drsb basics snap you into the 
            artist's frame of mind faster than any other method i've ever seen. 
            dr. edwards has gleaned the 5 basic skills of seeing as an artist. 
            her discoveries are documented and proven. and as a certified 
            drsb instructor trained in these methods you'll learn what i 
            know: you'll learn these skills so you can jump-start all 
            your drawing. your drawing will take a quantum leap. there is in my opinion, no 
            better and no faster way to learn. and we've 
            rewritten these lessons our own way, for beginning or advanced 
            artists and most specifically for up and coming 
            caricaturists.
 
the sweet 
            nectar of "now" 
the drsb lessons can help you sidestep the 
            frustration and get you to the sweet nectar of really being able to 
            draw what you see. learning to see is the core and learning 
            to see like you saw things as a child reopens your world. i know 
            you've heard that before, but it's true. it instills you with a new 
            sense of wonder and discovery. when you learn to make that step, 
            when you relearn how to see/hear/feel what's occurring right 
            now then you've learned the crux - regardless of 
            the medium - of what all artists do. and it's now 
            within your grasp. 

if i could summarize part i 
            (lessons 1 - 8) of thebook in one short quip, i'd have to 
            say"learn to see it, and 
            you'll believe it"


here are a few of the new things 
            you'll learn in part i: (back to 
            top) like strengthening a muscle you'll build 
            on that "right brain" point of entry - literally learning to control 
            this perceptive shift in your brain. you'll go into depth learning 
            about things like lines, edges, and contours. 
            you'll be introduced to concepts like sighting, 
            formats, perspective, proportion, 
            contours, understanding the elusive picture plane, 
            foreshortening, shadows and highlights, 
            value and tone, crosshatching techniques, 
            basic units, positive form and negative 
            space.
 
what drawing really is
you'll apply the 
            principles of the "vase-face" phenomenon, upside-down drawing, and 
            contour drawings. you'll incorporate forever into your perceptive 
            tool bag the five skills of drawing - techniques that 
            jump-start your drawing. in a word, in part i you'll learn how to 
            collapse the three-dimensional world on to two-dimensional paper. 
            and that's all drawing really is: capturing the 3-dimensional 
            world on 2-dimensional paper.
and by design, 
            every step boomerangs you back to that same starting point: 
            sidestepping the rational, language-bound part of your brain and 
            moving you further into your artistic brain. you need to get good at 
            this - and you will.over three hundred 
            pages worth. all that's packed into part i: a total of 9 lessons 
            - which print out at over 300 pages. over 300 pages of 
            illustrations, animations, in-depth explanations and six "flash 
            interactive" lessons that spoon feed you each part of each lesson. 
            (what's a flash interactive lesson? you'll have a chance to 
            download a real flash lesson below and you can see for 
            yourself.)
what's 
            "flash" technology?
flash technology 
            is the latest (now thoroughly proven and established), and the 
            best interactive technology on the internet. in fact, "flash" 
            is starting to take over the internet because it's so 
            powerful. (again, watch below for a link to a sample - and your 
            first, albeit advanced - caricature drawing lesson).
"i just wanted to say i really do like 
            your lessons. i can't believe all the information i have gotten in 
            the last couple of months for the low price. i have seen quite the 
            improvement in my work... ...keep up the good work!"
~michelle lord #:^)msnotes@hotmail.com 
but like i said above, 
              the book has 3-parts:
1) part i could be described 
            as "learn to see it and you'll believe it" -... (we just talked about that),2)
part ii could be summed up as "believe it and now 
            you'll see it"3) part iii, well that's when it 's 
            time to "run crazy with it" - drawing caricatures! :-)
and yes, i 
            know, you came here to learn about caricatures...

"so what about those 
            caricatures?"in part ii: once you 
            learn to believe it, you'll see it




getting back to your 
                  original goal - drawing faces and caricatures! 
                  our goal as you 
                  recall, is to get you drawing faces and caricatures, right? 
                  not to worry, we'll get there. the next step is very important 
                  :-) stay with me just a little longer...
[general tommy franks / bill 
maher]


...after 
            walking you through the basics, things start getting even more 
            interesting - because we now start venturing into specifics that 
            have direct bearing on your caricature or (portrait artist) 
            career... 


"part ii of the 
            e-sourcebook: believe it and you'll see 
            it"applying what you've just learned by diving 
            into the 
            features of the face and the fascinating 
            shapes of the human head 
            (lessons 9-14)(back to 
            top) 


once you've got a good feel for those 
            introductory skills it's time to apply them: boot camp 
            time! 
by the time you've gotten here, you'll 
            have a firm feel for the foundation lessons. now it's time to 
            rehearse them. why? because we want to 
            ensure you learn the foundation lessons so intimately you can 
            fearlessly launch yourself into drawing any subject and draw it 
            confidently. and that takes repetition and fluidity of employing 
            those basic skillsand further it's 
            my belief and my experience that to become a crack caricature or 
            portrait artist you need a solid understanding of both the facial 
            features and shapes of the head. and that's what this second 
            section is all about: learning all about the features of the face 
            and shapes of the head. and you'll learn them in detail by 
            applying all the skills you've learned in part i. 
 
a depth of detail that you'll finally recognizein every person 
            you see and drawand 
            you'll be building depth in another direction too. you'll be 
            building depth in your perception of detail. you'll 
            internalize the salient points about each feature shared by 
            all people. why? so when you look at someone - anyone 
            - you'll know what to look for, where to zoom in, where to 
            exploit. since you know and believe it's there you'll 
            see it.
let me repeat that: since you'll now 
            know what to look for, you'll see all these things in 
            other people. because now you'll know these fine details, these what 
            i'll call subtle "sub features", are really there. and when you 
            know to look for them, you will see them. 
            and be able to draw them. 

you'll start simple and dig 
            deeper into more and more subtle and intricate, relevant and 
            drawable anatomy until you build an onboard library in your 
            brain you can instantly access whenever you size up your drawing 
            subjects . you'll know exactly what to look for. and you'll use 
            four more flash lessons - 
            each focusing on one main feature of the face. each with highly 
            detailed pictures, diagrams, and lots of directed exercises so 
            you'll come away from these sections without a doubt knowing what it 
            is you're looking for and how to call up those foundation lessons 
            you've been building upon. after this it's time to springboard 
            from what you've been learning...
 
 




want to learn more? let's get specific. 
                  click on the button below for a preview: learning to draw the 
                  features of the face and the shapes of the head one lesson at 
                  a time:


progress in as little as 15 minutes a 
            day three 
            to four days a week: pre-made 
            exercises and i'll work you! 
            we've set up all sorts of exercises for you too. exercises you can 
            print out. and lot's of them too. that's the only way you'll unearth 
            your gift: through repetition and practice. michael jordan wasn't 
            born ready to play for the chicago bulls. he had to work at it too. 
            but we try not to get too heavy. in fact, it's my firm belief you'll 
            make real progress in fifteen minutes, three to five days a 
            week. of course, the more time you 
            can put in, the better you'll get at it. and the faster you'll get 
            where you want to go. we try to approach drawing in a fun, low 
            pressure way - why do you think we love to draw caricatures? 
            because it's fun! 
thank you for taking the time to read through to here. 
            because now it's time to go crazy: time to draw caricatures

 


"part iii of the e-sourcebook: the in-depth caricature case studies 
            the core of the lessons and time to get crazy 
            :-)"(back to 
            top) 


tying-it-all-together time. you've been 
            working hard to get here, but now you've arrived. you've got a great 
            feel for jumping into your right brain, you know what to look for in 
            every human face. congratulations.
now it's time to go happily 
            bonkers. a book in and of 
            itself. you'll tie it all together in the last and final chapter 
            of the lessons - part iii - lesson 15, a book in and of itself. 
            everything you've learned about ears and noses, shapes of the head, 
            all you've learned about vase-face drawing, shadows, negative space, 
            proportion, and how to use "mr. average face", to name a few - 
            here's where you'll tighten up, shape up and polish your drawing and 
            caricature acumen. ( to order 
            now, click here )
 

you'll 
            learn a four point system  you'll learn how to 
            answer these questions: "how do you distribute the facial features?, 
            how do you know what to look for in any face? what to exaggerate? 
            and that very popular question: "where the heck do you start?" those 
            kinds of questions you'll have answered. you'll need practice 
            setting down the eyes, placing them just the right distance apart - 
            or exaggerated like mad. and answering questions like "how does the 
            nasal philtrum blend with the apron of the upper lip?" and "where 
            does cupid's bow fit?" you need a system to approach the actual 
            drawing of the caricatures. and this is where you'll get that. in 
            lesson 15 / part iii you'll lasso it all together.
 
lesson 15 is 
            a book within a book, where you'll learn the 4 
            pointapproach to caricatures - time to really dive 
            in
printing out at 
            over 200 pages, filled with links, references and the 4-point system 
            to drawing portraits or caricatures, this is a book within a 
            book. you'll find four flash lessons in this section alone set 
            up to really spur your creative juices. they're a dressed rehearsal 
            to review what you know and teach you to start stretching yourself - 
            to start caricaturing.fire up your 
            imagination
you'll get immersed, absorbed in a bath of information, 
            instruction and rehearsal so you can duplicate for yourself 
            exactly the steps you'll need to go through that result in hilarious 
            caricatures. caricatures that'll entertain you, your 
            friends, your family, your local newspaper, your paying customers. 
            caricatures to illustrate and bring life to your 
            own home-printed t-shirts, your website, your business, your office, 
            on custom illustrated coffee mugs, glasses, mouse pads, your whole 
            self-produced on-line merchandise store. anywhere you can think 
            of putting them - the sky's the limit: anywhere your imagination 
            takes you.
 
so there's a system 
            at work here - what's the 
            system? 

you'll learn 
              about the "first impression" approach, 
you'll learn 
              to apply the "mr. average face", 
you'll learn 
              to recognize the vertical and horizontal landmarks in every 
              face,
you'll learn 
              to rattle off the main shapes you need to look for in every 
              face,
you'll learn and see demonstrated "serial exaggeration 
              comparisons" and how to draw them yourself
you'll incorporate and master the "feature by feature" 
              approach
you'll see 
              the head drawn using the "miter box" approach, 
you'll learn 
              to grasp and create front views, side views, 3/4 views maximizing 
              the three dimensions at work in every picture 
you'll learn 
            to laser in on features and landmarks in every human face 
            that supply cues to caricature even the hardest to caricature 
            faces. you'll even find links to great photos of each subject out 
            there on the internet so you can make sure we're staying on track. 
            
the real 
            litmus test: caricaturing the caricature. in many cases we'll 
            even caricature the caricature. what's this do? it'll give you still 
            more ammunition and, it'll get you cued still further into seeing if 
            our little "theory" about caricaturing is right: does the drawing 
            pass the test? does our caricature look like the person we started 
            off drawing? (back to 
            top)( to order 
            now, click here ) in-depth case 
            studies (yep, still part iii / lesson 
            15)
thirty six pages of exploration in 
            the first case study. the first 
            case study of keith richards spans 36 pages - 36 pages on nothing 
            but how to approach drawing his face - which sets the stage for 
            drawing any face. the second in-depth study is over 
            50 pages when printed out - adding still another layer of things 
            to look for, specific and general "approach to caricature" kinds of 
            lessons. and this is all rehearsal for the third and final 
            lesson...
you'll finish off part iii with over 
            122 pages of in-depth exploration in the third and final 
            in-depth study (122 pages not even counting the reference 
            fly-out pages and anatomy explanations). you'll find links back to 
            any pertinent sections of the book in case you need a refresher (or 
            if you're just browsing). you'll be exposed to more subtle tricks, 
            and to yet another level of detail to observe for. 

you'll be"filled to the gills" with 
            information that builds upon itself so you're trained to step out on 
            your own confident that you have what it takes. you'll 
            find yourself searching out, telescoping your new found powers of 
            observation in search of your own "discoveries" - discoveries and 
            knowledge that'll catapult the quality of your art work. and that's 
            pretty darn exciting and satisfying - for me as a teacher and for 
            you as a confident, creative caricature artist. ( to order 
            now, click here )
 
i'll show you 
            everything i know
layer after layer of depth - and 
            i'll use every source i know of to make these case studies make 
            sense. i'll use simplified medical explanations, lessons i've 
            gleaned from famous artists and caricaturists, you'll explore the 
            in-depth anatomy if it's relevant, you'll even learn a thing or two 
            i've learned from plastic surgeons (yes, plastic surgeons), 
            all to keep these lessons interesting and to keep your brain 
            stimulated. with the ammunition you'll learn combined with your desire 
            and hard work, you'll accomplish all your drawing 
            aspirations.
 
 

"827 pages 
            and counting, of lesson-centered information, so much more 
            than a mere e-book "( to order 
            now, click here )


 
you'll have a 
            ton of reference material at your fingertips. let's 
            review:

seven and a 
              half years in the making (and still growing) with over 827 
              pages of text - you have a ton of reference material at you 
              fingertips. 
it's a 
              complete freestanding, copiously interlinked, learn-to-draw 
              and caricature reference - from the very basics of drawing 
              up to drawing hilarious and profitable caricatures, 
it's big because we explain 
              things in detail, from all different perspectives, 
              with 
              over 1800 illustrations - fully illustrated 
              so you won't 
              waste your valuable time trying to figure out what things are 
              "really saying". things aren't just talked about, they're 
              explained, re-explained and illustrated until there's no doubt in 
              your mind what the lesson is talking about. 
so you can 
              move confidently from lesson to lesson fully internalizing the 
              message and skill, 
so you can 
              maximize the amount of drawing you can learn in the minimum 
              amount of time 
so you can get out there and get drawing and 
              making that extra money allowing you to make $100, 200, or 
              much more a week doing something you love without cutting 
              into your family time
15 lessons 
              - all the steps needed to cover all the basics of drawing, the 
              features of the face and the shapes of the head, and stepping into 
              the world of caricature are covered 
a one stop reference and teaching resource you can 
              always go back to 
that's not 
              even counting the fifteen flash interactive lessons...over 
              10,000 frames of interactive pictures, explanations, text, and 
              animations that drive home the point like no other lessons i've 
              ever seen. all included in your purchase price.)( to 
              order now, click here )

flash technology(back to 
            top) 
fifteen 
            "flash interactive" lessons. again these are 
            jam-packed interactive multimedia references you can instantly stop, 
            back-up, leap forward, no tape to be rewound or get tangled. you can 
            get to the information you want and drive it home into your brain 
            while you're studying it, while you're inspired.



click 
                  here for 
                  a free flash instruction 
                  sample and your first caricature lesson. 
                  it's about three and a third megabytes in size. (let it be 
                  your first lesson in caricature). it was the first flash 
                  lesson we produced - and we've gotten a lot more 
                  sophisticated since this one). one dozen flash lessons 
                  included. in fact we spent 7 months during 2003 
                  refurbishing the foundations of drawing section of the book 
                  with six new flash lessons. these "flash" exercises help you 
                  really burn the lesson home.


also included: an armament of 
            instructional animations - based on the old "banner" 
            technology. nearly all the lessons start with animations that 
            summarize each lesson - a simple and brief overview. these will  prime 
            you for the whole lesson ahead so you'll have a clear, focused idea 
            of the outcome you're shooting for in that lesson. click on this next button for a 
            mini-sample: 


combined with 
            the flash lessons, the animations, and the e-zines (see below) - 
            you'll get a cat-scan like understanding: you'll approach the 
            lessons from all different angles, so you get that sweet "aha! 
            now i get it!" level of understanding. 
that's a one, two, 
            three point-plus punch so you'll 
            really learn this stuff, so you can leap into drawing way beyond any 
            level you've ever drawn before. we want 
            to get you drawing 
            confidently, with supreme satisfaction, admired, 
            envied by those around you, proud of the works you keep producing 
            and the money you make. 
now that's just the main instruction section 
            of the e-sourcebook - yep, there's 
            more...
"but that's not 
            all:5 bonuses to keep you 
            rolling" 
i know how it is 
            getting a great big huge data dump: it can be overwhelming. even 
            though you can go straight through the book one lesson at a time, 
            sometimes it's easier to absorb the lessons when you see the 
            concepts in use, when you get familiarized with the vocabulary, when 
            you recapture that same enthusiasm you felt when you first signed 
            up. how do you do that? we do it with...
 



bonus # 1: 
            "the number one most appreciated feature of the 
            entire program" support in the form of little nudges: 
            these are the key to your success (back to 
            top) ( to order 
            now, click here )

the number one 
            comment subscribers have made over the last 5 years is this: the one 
            thing that helps them learn to draw, the one main thing that keeps 
            them excited about picking up their drawing pencils, the one thing 
            that keeps them connected to their aspiration of becoming an artist 
            are the e-zines (these are the communiqué and the 
            monthly caricature & explanation). and the 
            soothing thought that they can ask questions of, and access the 
            author (me) directly by email if they get in a 
jam.
 
"the ongoing follow-up of the youcandraw.com system is 
            like having your very own 
            "cyber-coach" 
and as your personal cyber-coach, 
            you'll be hearing from me one to two times a month. i won't be 
            standing there with a whip and chain (well who knows, maybe i will 
            be :-), but my job is to keep you going, keep you excited about 
            drawing and doing your self-paced lessons. every few weeks 
            you'll get more of those little nudges urging you on. why all 
            the fuss? here's a great anonymous quote :
"genius is 
            at first an openness to discipline" 
all art starts as a discipline. 
            like any art, learning to draw 
            caricatures, faces, or just learning to draw, well it's a discipline 
            - it takes practice. i won't gloss over that. you have to face 
            yourself every time you sit down in front of a blank sheet of paper. 
            that's why we include as part of the purchase price these 
            instruments of your success: once or twice a month nudges for one year - to keep you excited and laughing about 
            drawing. two alternating electronic 
            magazines:

first - to 
              cue your brain into what makes a caricature tick: one year 
              subscription to the "once a month caricature" 
              e-zines; 

second - to 
              keep you motivated and interested: one year subscription to the 
              "insider's artist loft once a month communiqué" - a 
              learning forum for all subscribers; 





note: 
                          after almost 10 years, the electronic 
                  newsletters are now discontinued 
but you still have access to all past 
                  issues both withinthe book and online -- as of june 
                  2007what we will 
                  add in exchange for your interest and enthusiasm 
                  is permanent access to the 
                  online book(must 
                  maintain proof of purchase) 

click 
                  here to see the most recent 
              issues

how many books 
            or programs have you bought and then just let them sit there? the 
            electronic magazines (e-zines) serve as entertaining 
            reminders - little nudges - to keep you motivated and 
            excited about drawing. this is the number one most often cited 
            feature of the program that people really appreciate. 
little by little 
            you'll find yourself acquiring the language and techniques of 
            artists; you'll expand your artistic knowledge and that will 
            raise your comfort level; you'll be exposed to other great artists, 
            to other caricature and drawing sites. an aid to keep the flood 
            gates of your imagination and inspiration flowing so you can realize 
            confidently your artistic potential and experience first hand the 
            fulfillment learning an art can bring.
note: once you get your foot in 
            the door, you won't need discipline. your progress and the sheer 
            satisfaction of drawing and creating will bring you back to 
            the drawing table time and time again. click 
            on this next button to learn more about the 
            e-magazines:


 


bonus 
            #2: "exclusive access to the 
            password-protected site" (back to 
            top) ( to order 
            now, click here )
 
so you won't miss out on 
            anything - included in your 
            purchase price. since this is an ongoing, ever-growing program, with new tips 
            and tricks, new flash lessons, caricatures, and information being 
            added all the time, the on-line site is the home for finding any 
            e-zines you missed, erased, or want to find again - so you'll get 
            everything out of this program you paid for. (note: if you're 
            with hotmail, aol, or any large subscriber e-mail service, e-zines 
            can get blocked - if that happens, this is where you can find 
            them.)

bonus #3: 
            the communiqué 
            library(the "archives") nearly 10 
            years of past e-magazines ( to order 
            now, click here )(back to 
            top) 
all those "nudges" we talked about above, well they're 
            the foundation for a book in itself, over 170 issues from the last 
            10 years - well over 350 (and counting) pages of information if you 
            printed them all out (that's 350 pages in addition to the 800+ in 
            the 3-part main volume). those same every-other-week nudges covering 
            the gamut of drawing and caricaturing. topics spanning 
            from:

in-depth 
              shadow studies;
specialized 
              "feature-by-feature" in-depth fly-outs;"
marketing 
              101" - things like developing your "usp": how to mine like gold 
              what makes your art or art-related business unique - to help you 
              power-up your growing skill and turn it into a whole new source of 
              income;
example after 
              example of the main lessons broken down even more;
members art 
              work and evaluations 


bonus #4: 
            royalty-free 
            caricature art gallery ( to order 
            now, click here )(back to 
            top) 
as an added 
            bonus all caricatures you receive by email and all 
            caricatures stored in the on-line "insider's art gallery" and 
            and "e-magazine archives" are for you to use 
            royalty-free. they're there as a learning aid. 
            
the insider's art 
            gallery 
            is a reference filled with examples of caricatures - crosshatched, 
            pencil, ink, and dozens in very high detail so you can see how these 
            were made. you can see the pencil outline, the layer on top of layer 
            of crosshatching. you can see how piece by piece, section by 
            section, feature by feature, these were drawn. so what "seems" 
            overly complex, you'll now see as duplicable and masterable - and 
            maybe they'll even inspire you to realize your own awesome idling 
            potential.
and while you're getting 
            your own portrait and caricature drawing skill up to speed, you can 
            use the drawings any way you like - in your small business 
            advertisements, your newsletters, your personal cards and letters. i 
            don't care! (all i ask is you follow the simple, very generous, 
            no-cost rules outlined in the insider's art gallery.)


and one more final bonus bonus #5 but 
            i'll get to that in just a second...
( to order 
            now, click here ) (back to 
            top) 

 
so big - how do you get 
            around? 


fully interlinked - to get you around 
              fast
open multiple copies at 
              the same time - to immerse yourself, 
              to flood yourself with the lesson at hand
built-in search function - 
              have your 
              questions answered once and for all - burned into your brain. 
              
yep there's a lot of info 
            there - well over 1100 pages - (the 800+ page main volume, the 350+ 
            page archives - and that's not even counting the literally 
            thousands of info-packed multimedia frames within the dozen - 
            and counting - flash lessons) no wasting your precious 
            time.
all sections are fully 
            interlinked to all the other sections of the book. every page has a left 
            column list of links that'll get you going to general "master 
            link" pages instantly so you're never more than one or 
            two clicks from the section you want to get going to. you'll find 
            links embedded within the text - right at your fingertips to access any section. no need to 
            spend your precious time paging through an entire monster book to 
            find some obscure point. 
built-in 
            search function. if you're looking up a really obscure 
            point, you can search the word or topic you're looking for in the 
            built-in search engine and instantly find all pages and 
            sections related to your topic of interest.maximize your learning 
            and study sessions - open multiple copies at 
            the same time - want to review what's cooking in a flash lesson on the 
            picture plane while you review "sighting and proportion" and 
            work your way through "noses"? no problem: open one 
            book to "noses", open another to "proportion" and tie 
            it all together by opening the "flash picture plane" lesson. 
            have your questions answered once and for all - burned into your 
            brain. 
how many copies can you open? you can open as many 
            copies as your computer's memory will allow - open 2,3,4 copies of 
            the book to different sections so you can immerse yourself, 
            barrage yourself with the concept at hand, get your 
            questions answered - this is "cat-scan" like immersion - you can see 
            the topic at hand from every possible angle. ( to order 
            now, click here ) (back to 
            top) 


one more time, here's what you get: 
            ( to order 
            now, click here ) (back to 
            top) 

let's review everything: 125+ 
            megabytes of information: 

the 800-plus page three-part e-sourcebook (the 15 lesson, 3-part main 
              volume) available in an instant 124 megabyte download and 
              on cd-rom 
15 flash interactive 
              lessons (over 10,000 frames of material), 
dozens of interest-captivating, whistle-whetting pre-lesson 
              gif-animations
once or twice a month info-packed issues of the two 
              e-zines 
              (discontinued),a book in itself:              archive of all past e-zines (about 10 years)
email access to the 
              author
the art gallery with over 
              100 royalty-free caricatures,
fully 
              interlinked,
open multiple 
              copies at the same time (like spreading multiple 
              books in fornt of you to cross referance and research), 
built-in search function, 
              and one final 
              bonus....( to 
              order now, click here )

 


"final 
            added bonus #5: one free 20 minute coaching phone 
            consultation" ( to order 
            now, click here )
 -- discontinued --







let's get you juiced - how to 
                  use your call
want some marketing tips? learn how to sell your 
                  uniqueness as an artist? if 
                  you have a really pressing question and you can't find the 
                  answer in the archives, and email just isn't direct enough, or 
                  you find yourself at a road block in the lessons and need a 
                  little direction, or you think you're ready to jump into 
                  e-commerce as a caricaturist, or just want to start your 
                  own special-event caricature entertainment business, you could 
                  use your call for that. an admired, 
                  in-demand, moneymaking caricaturist
or if your 
                  questions center around how to get rolling, how to really nail 
                  down proportion, or how to write your or discover your 
                  "unique selling proposition" as an admired, 
                  in-demand, moneymaking caricaturist, that's what this call 
                  is for. you're allowed one 
                  prepaid 30 minute consultation during your year of membership. 
                  (included when you buy the cd- rom 
                  version)


gandalf
like your monopoly "get out of jail 
            free" card
but you'll want to save this for that 
            one really nasty, nagging drawing question, business question or 
            challenging situation to get you re-inspired, 
            rejuvenated, to get you rockin' again on the drawing paper, 
            confidently cruising towards your fully tapped potential - that's 
            what this is for. and if i can't 
            answer your questions we'll figure out who can.
(just to 
            clarify, the consultation - my time - is prepaid, 
            but the call is not toll free - i.e. it's not an 800 call, the 
            actual phone charges go on your bill. that's fair i think - don't 
            you? (included when you buy the cd- rom 
            version)
limited time 
            - to do you justice and to 
            reward your signing up early, we can offer the coaching call to a 
            limited number of people. so don't wait too long - it will be 
            discontinued shortly :-) 




so again, here's the whole 
                  deal:










"a virtual swiss army knife approach" 
                        so one more time, here's 
                        thewhole deal in a nutshell: 







* 
                        main volume
- 3-part, 800+ 
                        page, 15 lesson, one stop monster book covering from 
                        the.very basics of drawing 
                        all the way up to drawing caricatures giant 
                        e-book;

* 
                        one 
                        dozen
- fifteen flash 
                        interactive lessons 

* 
                        bonus #1 
                      
- 10 years of 
                        info-packed electronic magazines archived on the 
                        cd and on-line;

* 
                        bonus 
                      #2
- royalty-free 
                        caricature gallery;

* 
                        bonus 
                      #3
- instant-access, 
                        exclusive entry, password access (the moment you 
                        sign up) to the online book forever;

* 
                        bonus 
                      #4

(discontinued)
- one year 
                        subscription to electronic 
                        magazines;
(discontinued - possible they'll be restarted on an occasional basis -- but you have access to all previous e-zines )

* 
                        bonus 
                          #5(discontinued) 
- permanent back-up 
                        cd ready to install on your computer available (both 
                        offers now include the instant as-soon-as-you-sign-up 
                        124 megabyte download)
(discontinued at this time - this will be coming back and if you buy the downloadable version, we'll make sure you get credited if you want the cd-rom)

* 
                        bonus 
                      #7
(discontinued)
-your 20 minute 
                        phone consultation; (soon to be discontinued - 
                        included when you buy the cd- rom 
                          version)
(discontinued)
 
 
we'll spoon feed you from 
                    start to finish everything you need to know about the 
                    foundations of drawing, about drawing the face and the head - 
                    skills you can extend to drawing absolutely anything you want. 
                    written by a certified "drawing on the right side of the 
                      brain" instructor. 
(apology to macintosh users, if you're on a mac you can 
                  still access the online lessons / e-sourcebook and receive all 
                  issues of the electronic magazine and caricatures. everything 
                  in the offer is the same - however the downloadable 
                  version and the cd-rom version will not 
                  work on the macintosh - it's formatted for windows only right 
                  now. sorry about that. we're working on an acrobat version 
                  that'll work on all platforms.) 
to 
                  order now, click 
            here




so how much? ( to order 
            now, click here )



when we originally 
            conceived of this program, we 
            wanted to eventually charge $69 for it. people told us that 
            would be a pretty good deal. we've just completed an interest survey 
            and we've discovered that a large percentage of people (over 25%) 
            were very willing to pay $45 or more american 
            for the entire program - (and people have paid this - before 9/11 
            that's what we were charging). two percent of those who responded 
            thought it was worth $180 or more. very flattering. 
            over 50% of respondents said they'd pay up to 45 dollars. 
            (but technology is going crazy out there [youtube, myspace, etc.] 
            and we're adjusting to the times. 
i want 
            to see you learn to draw and i want to see you develop your 
            inborn talents - the world's just plain a better place when you're 
            doing that. but i also think if you're sincerely satisfied with what 
            you receive from us you'll buy from us again in the future. and 
            that's an extra i get out of this: your returning business.
"ps you probably already know the 
            value of your lessons but i and my family and friends are amazed and 
            i am hoping that some of them will subscribe to the program. some of 
            them think that i am stretching the truth about how long i have been 
            drawing with no formal lessons. there is no way to thank you"
-muncy wolgastholiday florida, 
            usamgw4520@msn.com




click here
 for transport to bought-and-paid-for, free download link to the whole book.  instructions at that page. yep, i'm serious :-). 12/02/2021.
* this is a windows based program 
                  *


"dear jeff, i wanted to 
                  let you know that i think your you can draw program is a real 
                  gift! i started it about a week ago and i'm making incredible 
                  progress. i had already enrolled in 2 other very good on-line 
                  sites with highly accomplished artists and learned quite a bit 
                  from them......
but your step-by-step 
                  guidance and l & r methods, [left 
                  and right brain methods] and the rapid progress that 
                  i made would never have happened without your program. this 
                  program should be 'mandatory' in schools that teach art! 
                  thanks for the gift! i don't have to look any further for art 
                  on line! 
                  ...
...your program is something 
                  that should be made possible to as many people as possible! 
                  (p.s. the price is ridiculously low! just my 2 cents 
                  worth!) thanks again for everything. joe"
joe byrne 
                  www.abracadabraart.biz tara4byrne@netscape.net 
                  
 




note: it was a great run! but after almost 10 years, the 
                          electronic newsletters 
                          are now
discontinued but you still have 
                              access to all past issues both 
                              within
the book and online -- as of the last one written in june 2007
(i just plain pooped out) 

...as is the phone coaching - that is no phone coaching
in this offer any longer. (it just got too crazy :-) so what do you get? 

                          pretty much everything that has ever been added to 
                          all the online sites,  all e-zines, all flash lessons, all 
                          caricatures. ..everything we've ever done (i wish we had
                          recorded the coaching calls!!) 
                          


                              what 
                              we will add in exchange for 
                              your interest and enthusiasm 
                              is 
                                permanent access to the online 
                              book
                              (must maintain proof of purchase) 
                              

click 
                                here to see the most recent issues 










get everything you read about above: all the past newsletters, access and downloadable flash lessons, royalty free use of caricatures in the library (but there are still very reasonable rules to usage), all of the 800 plus pages of illustrated, information packed content, minus the cd-rom and coaching call --again, right now (july 2011),
again, this offer does not include the cd-rom nor   coaching call. this is the downloaded version only. 
 again, what you get for $19.95  ---- wait! whoa, not  any more, no charge!  -- it's on me. (reminder: you 
                          receive instant access to the downloadable 124 megabyte 
                          version plus online access to the on-line book - 
                          forever! just no  cd-rom and no coaching call.
i know, i'm repeating myself but i have to make this completely clear. 
click here for transport to bought-and-paid-for, free download link to the whole book.  instructions at that page. yep, i'm serious :-). 12/02/2021.
why? since the web has changed so much since i first built this, and flash technology is obsolete, and i just can't maintain the demands of all the paypal updates (actually paypal was no hassle at all), new web page additions, hackers....lol :-). you get the idea. all i ask is you give credit where credit is due. thanks! i'm just offering this out for the benefit of all who would like it. watch for new posts. 
for secure credit 
  card connection: credit card 
    transactions are done only over paypal's secure server 
    so your credit card information is protected (this is 
    what you're about to use if you're ordering on-line). if 
    you are using netscape, a thin blue line at the top of 
    this window and/or blue unbroken key at the bottom 
    indicates that any information you send is protected 
    from unauthorized view by world-class encryption 
    techniques. with internet explorer, you'll see a graphic 
    of an unbroken key and/or gold padlock at the bottom of 
    your browser window.
 


 
*apology to macintosh users,
if you're on a mac 
                  you can still access the online lessons / e-sourcebook and 
                  receive all issues of the electronic magazine and caricatures. 
                  everything in the offer is the same - however the 
                  downloadable version and the cd-rom version will 
                  not work on the macintosh - it's formatted for 
                  windows only right now. sorry about that. we're working on an 
                  acrobat version that'll work on all platforms.


(*apology to macintosh users, if you're on a mac you can 
                  still access the online lessons / e-sourcebook and read all 
                  past issues of the electronic magazine and caricatures. everything 
                  in the offer is the same - however the downloadable 
                  version and the cd-rom version will not 
                  work on the macintosh - it's formatted for windows only. sorry about that. 
so folks, yes a lot has happened since we started this drawing program some 14 years ago with no idea of what the heck the internet was about. i have to just say it again: everything you read about in the description above, all the past e-zines, the flash lessons, the 800 pages of illustrated text, it's all there for in one big data dump. 
 

(*again, 
            apology to macintosh users, if you're on a mac you can still access the 
            online lessons / e-sourcebook and receive all issues of the 
            electronic magazines and caricatures. everything in the offer is the 
            same - however neither the downloadable version nor 
            the cd-rom version will work on the macintosh - it's 
            formatted for windows only right now. sorry about that. we're 
            working on an acrobat version that'll work on all platforms.)
 

guaranteed one year - 
            unconditionally ( to order 
            now, click here )(back to 
            top) 

do we have all the answers? 
            probably not, but we have a lot of them. and i guarantee you that if 
            you do the lessons, follow each step, and practice faithfully (as 
            little as 15 minutes a day 3 days a week to start will bring you 
            results), if you do that, i guarantee you'll learn how to draw. i 
            believe that so whole-heatedly i guarantee your purchase for one 
            whole year. that's right, one year from the day you sign up, if 
            you're unhappy for any reason return the cd-rom and i'll reimburse 
            you the entire purchase amount. no questions asked, no hard 
            feelings.
caricaturists can 
            make 40, 50, 60 dollars to 
            start and it's not unusual to see seasoned caricaturists make 
            $1500 dollars a day and more. opinion / editorial page (op-ed) 
            cartoonists enjoy the power of shaping public opinion - plus on top 
            of that get paid very nicely. illustrators who specialize in faces 
            and caricatures can ask exorbitant rates. but like i said above, 
            drawing by itself, with no other intention than to draw is very 
            satisfying. even therapeutic.
to order 
            now, click here
 






how can i be so sure you already have what it 
                  takes?

secret number 1: you have a 
            gift - that's why you're here(back to 
            top) 

and that gift is your 
            desire to draw, 
            your desire to learn how to draw faces and caricatures - even if 
            you've never drawn before. and your desire to draw might be calling 
            you to get so good, so polished you'll make art with a capital "a" 
            like picasso, or rembrandt. or it fires you up to create the 
            caricature masterpieces you see in magazines and in major newspaper 
            editorial pages.



or maybe you're inspired to 
            be one of those zany self-employed maverick party caricaturist 
            you see making some very real money drawing caricatures and 
            portraits at parties, art fairs, and conventions (on the order of 
            $1500 dollars a day and more for seasoned caricaturists). 
            or maybe you just want to learn 
            enough to spruce up your homemade holiday cards and enjoy the 
            pleasure plain old drawing can bring you. it doesn't matter what your final goal might be. you're here 
            and something in you - like your slumbering gift - brought you 
            here.
click 
            here to see our sister site and learn all about the basics of 
            drawing faces and caricatures: 
            www.drawing-faces-and-caricatures-made-easy.com 

secret number 2: there's no big 
            secret - anybody can learn to draw 
            (back to 
            top)

yes, outrageous statement. 
            but true. my sister carol says: "you have got to be kidding, because 
            i can't even make a stick-person look real!" and many people say 
            "well my handwriting is terrible, how can i expect to do any better 
            drawing?" that said you may be asking "and how can i ever expect to 
            draw caricatures?" 
here's how:


first, you already have the skills. you have the 
            manual dexterity - you can write, right? that's all the more manual 
            skills you need to begin.

second, drawing can be broken down into five learnable 
            skills - none of which have anything to do with making marks on 
            paper and all of which have to do with how you use your 
            brain,


third, you already have a history as an 
            artist,


fourth, by building on and applying four very learnable 
            skills drawing the head and face can without a doubt be 
            learned,

fifth, we've already touched on this one: it's your 
            desire to learn to draw. and that'll transform itself into the 
            "yehaa" spirit you need to really cut loose drawing 
            caricatures. 
want 
            to read more? click the this 
            bar:





secret number 3: learning to 
            draw is about learning to see (back to 
            top) 






learning to draw is about learning 
                  to retrain your brain. it's about 
                  learning to use what have been called "right-brain" skills, 
                  not by accident but at will, by your 
                  design and fully in your control. 
to learn to draw, 
                  you need to get out of your mind - out of your left 
                  brain to be exact. here's good news: you 
                  use these skills everyday and don't even know it. in fact 
                  you're already an expert at this...


whether you're aware of it or not 
                  - you're an old pro at getting into your right-brain 
                  hemisphere. some simple examples? 
walking is a right hemisphere 
                  evoking function - just like shooting baskets or balancing on 
                  a tightrope are. parallel parking your car is another example. 
                  


prince charles 
            
and it turns out drawing and 
            recognizing faces are two of the few activities that 
            are purely "right-brained". what better way to develop the 
            right half of your brain than by drawing faces and caricatures - by 
            using two of it's foremost and native skills?
 


secret number 4: there are five and 
            only five skills of perception used in drawing (back to 
            top) 

drawing
can be broken down into five 
            skills, and none have to do with your ability to make marks on the 
            paper - all have to do do with your ability to see the world. and 
            this is the best news of all - because anybody can get good 
            at these five skills! what are these five skills? click on button to see more:






secret number 5: you already 
            have a history as an artist (back to 
            top) 



before age 12 you were brimming with creativity and you were 
            most assuredly drawing up a storm until you had one enigmatic, 
            life-changing set of events in your life. click to read more: 
            



(back to 
            top) 




secret number 6: you could learn 
            all the skills in as little as 5 days -and pay a whole
lot more than you'll pay here( to order 
            now, click here )(back to 
            top) 







as i mentioned above there's an 
                  intense 5-day drawing program offered regularly where people 
                  with only the desire and little more than stick-figure drawing 
                  ability learn to draw amazing recognizable portraits - in 5 
                  days. you read that right: 
                  from stick figures to portraits in 5 days. here's the catch: 
                  this program costs over one thousand dollars not 
                  counting hotel, transportation, and meals.
it requires you to sit in a 
                  classroom and draw eight to ten hours a day. but this class 
                  proves it over and over again: drawing is a rapidly learnable 
                  skill. (you can e-mail us about that program if you want to 
                  find out more.) 



you don't have to pay 
            $1000.00, or $500.00 or even $100.00. but you'll still learn the 
            same foundation skills people have paid as much as a thousand 
            dollars to learn.




secret number 7: you can get started today - literally in the next 5 
            minutes ( to order 
            now, click here )(back to 
            top) 







so, for $29.95 (plus 
                  shipping & handling), you'll get one year access to the 
                  insider's artist loft as well as this entire list of 
                  features: 

in a matter of 
                    moments you could be in 
                    to your first lesson: you get instant password 
                    access to the insider's 
                    artist loft - where everything - all caricatures, all 
                    updates, the 800 page electronic 
                    sourcebook with over 1800 illustrations and 
                    dozens of animations are stored, 12 - and counting - flash 
                    interactive lessons. divided into three sections, it 
                    contains the foundations of drawing lessons, the middle book 
                    on features of the face and shapes of the head, and lastly 
                    the growing in-depth caricature drawing section - even a 
                    small bookstore are maintained. you could be taking your 
                    first lesson literally seconds from now; 


                      janet jackson



contains the communiqué 
              archives and the 
              insider's art 
              gallery.you also have the 
              option to download an older version, much smaller version 
              electronic 
              portrait and caricature lesson sourcebook to give you something to whet 
              your whistle on while you wait for the cd-rom to come in the 
              mail. the book (an older and much 
              smaller version of what is on the cd-rom that's included in this 
              offer) contains thirteen megabytes of information, (expect 60 to 
              75 minutes to download on a 28.8 modem; dsl, t1 or t3 can expect 
              maybe 2- 8 minutes; but not to worry, even if you don't use this 
              option, you'll be receiving the 77 megabyte e-sourcebook cd-rom 
              with everything in a few days);(add $2.95 shipping and handling for shipping 
              in north america and 5.95 anywhere else in the world; expect 7-14 
              days for delivery - usually faster, longer outside the 
              usa.) 







the 
                  youcandraw.com caricature drawing system


 




 quick 
                  review - here's what you've learned:


1) an interest or a 
                  long-standing desire very often means there's a god-given gift 
                  hid right behind it, dying to be appreciated;2) 
                  you've seen - probably to your disbelief - there's really 
                  nothing too difficult about learning to draw - any one can 
                  learn how, that the difference between you and accomplished 
                  artists is that they've gotten good at getting into their 
                  "right" brain;3) that all drawing can be broken 
                  into five skills; 4) that you already have a 
                  history as an artist; 5) you're already an 
                  expert at getting into your right brain - you use it all the 
                  time;6) you don't have 
                  to spend 1000 , 500, or even 100 dollars to get started 
                  towards your goal, and...7) you can get started in literally five 
                  minutes and improve your drawing after the first 
                  lesson.
( 
                  to 
                  order now, click here )(back to 
                  top) 
what we do 
            is show you from start to finish 
            the tricks and techniques artists use to get their minds in the 
            drawing mode: into the "artist's mind". we show you piece by little 
            piece in a jam packed 800+ page electronic book, with weekly 
            e-zines, a cache of royalty-free caricatures, and your own 
            "cyber-coach" (a certified "drawing on the right side of the 
            brain" instructor and published caricaturist), how to draw faces 
            and caricatures from scratch - even if you've never 
            drawn before. 






kasbohm & 
                  company'syoucandraw.com 

1351 hampshire ave. 
                  s., #127st louis park, mn, 55435
e-mail: comments@youcandraw.com© 
                  copyright 1997-2004 all 
                  rights reserved 





