

pitman creek wholesale

















customer service  1-800-729-8162



















home




shows




become a dealer
 



                doing business with us                                





about
 



                our company                                



                our people                                



                visiting pitman creek                                



                nationwide service                                



                brands we carry                                



                our policies                                



                office hours                                



                frequently asked questions                                



                employment opportunities                                





contact





 


login











×
login






email address or user id



password





                        logging in, please wait...
                    




forgot password?


log in

























































































sign up today to become a dealer                                                                                







it's                                                                                 

easy                                                                                

 &                                                                                 

free                                                                                















click here                                                                










   who are we  pitman creek’s roots were established in the bass segment growing to become the nation’s leading distributor of freshwater tackle supplying retailers coast to coast.  now offering a full selection of in-shore saltwater, catfish, crappie, trout and walleye, pitman creek is providing its dealers with leading edge products, hard to find special color items, and proven favorites.   


   pitman creek has fast delivery, great people, and the best price.      - greg pullen - lake cumberland outdoors





  pitman creek news 










product photography - how-to
what are the basic things you need for quality product photography?


read more 


 



this is pitman
 


read more 


 



what we do
 


read more 









  


dear valued customer, as you probably already know, the state of california has made changes to the proposition 65 requirements that go into effect august 30, 2018.  many fishing tackle products contain proposition 65 chemical(s) that trigger the warning label; therefore, require a warning label be displayed on product packaging.  many manufacturers have been working on this for over a year and began shipping product with the required warning label.  the packaging changes include: the name of the specific proposition 65 chemical(s) that trigger the warning label.the internet address of the state of california’s proposition 65 website: https://www.p65warnings.ca.gov/a pictogram accompanying the warning of a black exclamation point in a yellow triangle with a black outline.another requirement is that if a product that falls under proposition 65 is being sold online or through a catalog, the consumer must be given the proposition 65 warning for the product they are buying.  for more information on proposition 65 you can visit these sites:                asa ca prop 65 guidelines:                                http://asafishing.org/wp-content/uploads/prop-65-guidelines-8-2016-april-2017.pdf                how businesses can comply with prop 65:                                https://www.p65warnings.ca.gov/frequently-asked-questions-businesses                warning symbol generator:                                https://www.p65warnings.ca.gov/warning-symbol notice! the information contained within this web site and any reports produced from this web site are intended exclusively for the use of the individual or entity to which it is assigned. the web site, together with any reports produced from the web site contains privileged, confidential, and proprietary information. any unauthorized use, print, copy, disclosure or distribution is strictly prohibited. no third party is authorized to have access to the web site without prior written permission from pitman creek wholesale llc. if you are not the authorized account user, or the person responsible for delivering the information to the authorized account user, please exit the site immediately and advise the site administrator by e-mail at jimbowman@pitmancreek.com. thank you.








 






home


about


shows


contact


become a dealer


login

 

                                                © pitman creek wholesale.
                    











