



signature sound | high-end audio retailer & consultant







































































 



signature sound high-end audio 


emailfacebook 

call now: 1-315-622-4137 












 






home
product lines

atma-sphere
audience
ars sonum
benz mikro cartridges
cardas clear
clearaudio
dynavector
grado labs
hana phono cartridges
ifi audio
joule-electra
merlin music systems
power modules
rega research
rogue audio
sonore (computer audio)


product news & used gear
classic product info

osiris audionics speaker stands
joule-electra info page!


contact & about us

contact form
about us
sales policies





search the site...




























 










high-end audio retailer & consultantssignature sound is your source for high-end audio products, advice, and service.  owner, operator, electrical engineer, & life long audio-nerd rich brkich, has been helping audiophiles and music lovers for over 25 years put together great hi-fi systems for them home. whether it is the latest in computer based audio or you are in need of a set-up to enjoy your ‘ol lps – we can help you out!
 

 







signature sound product lineswe are a authorized dealer for all these great product lines (and many others). buy from a trusted source, signature sound has been in business for 25 years providing outstanding service and fair prices from our location near syracuse, new york. feel free to contact us by phone (315-622-4137) or e-mail with your product questions & inquires. click the pic to see the full list of product lines that we carry.
 

 







hand-crafted ars-sonum integrated tube amplifersmeticulously assembled by ricardo hernandez in spain in limited quantities, the ars sonum gran filarmonia and filarmonia integrated amplifiers offer exquisite sound quality and performance. signature sound is the sole usa dealer/distributor for ars-sonum amplifiers.
 

 







new product line: rogue audiowe are proud to announce we have added rogue audio’s line of great tube gear to our product line up. from the great value and affordable cronus magnum integrated amplifier shown here to top quality separates like the new rp-5 pre-amplifier, rogue audio makes great tube gear for any budget. for more information click the image to visit the rogue audio’s web site or call, e-mail or message us!
 

 







merlin music systems speakerssadly, no longer in business since the passing of company president/owner bobby palkovic in 2015, signature sound provides support, service and upgrades for merlin music systems tsm and vsm speaker owners. we keep owners/fans of these terrific “classic” speakers able to enjoy their speakers for many more years.
click here for more info on merlin speakers 

 







turntables & more from rega researchproviding your analog fix with turntables for most any budget from rega research who has been manufacturing turntables, integrated amplifiers, speakers, phono preamps, and cartridges in the uk for over 40 years.
 

 







cardas audio cableswhether a great entry level audiophile cable for a budget hifi rig or reference level state of the art cardas clear cables for best sound from a great hifi rig, cardas audio has the speaker cables, interconnects, and power cords that will fit the bill. cardas audio’s exceptional clear interconnect’s complex design is shown here in this cross section graphic.
 

 







power modules (belles) amplifiers & preampspower modules gear offers solid state excellence with a natural tonal presence that is often absent in many solid state audio equipment. the highly praised belles aria series of products designed by david belles features great tone,  musicality, sound and features at reasonable prices.
click here for more info on power modules 

 














high-end audio retailer & consultantssignature sound is your source for high-end audio products, advice, and service.  owner, operator, electrical engineer, & life long audio-nerd rich brkich, has been helping audiophiles and music lovers for over 25 years put together great hi-fi systems for them home. whether it is the latest in computer based audio or you are in need of a set-up to enjoy your ‘ol lps – we can help you out!
signature sound product lineswe are a authorized dealer for all these great product lines (and many others). buy from a trusted source, signature sound has been in business for 25 years providing outstanding service and fair prices from our location near syracuse, new york. feel free to contact us by phone (315-622-4137) or e-mail with your product questions & inquires. click the pic to see the full list of product lines that we carry.
hand-crafted ars-sonum integrated tube amplifersmeticulously assembled by ricardo hernandez in spain in limited quantities, the ars sonum gran filarmonia and filarmonia integrated amplifiers offer exquisite sound quality and performance. signature sound is the sole usa dealer/distributor for ars-sonum amplifiers.
new product line: rogue audiowe are proud to announce we have added rogue audio’s line of great tube gear to our product line up. from the great value and affordable cronus magnum integrated amplifier shown here to top quality separates like the new rp-5 pre-amplifier, rogue audio makes great tube gear for any budget. for more information click the image to visit the rogue audio’s web site or call, e-mail or message us!
merlin music systems speakerssadly, no longer in business since the passing of company president/owner bobby palkovic in 2015, signature sound provides support, service and upgrades for merlin music systems tsm and vsm speaker owners. we keep owners/fans of these terrific “classic” speakers able to enjoy their speakers for many more years.
click here for more info on merlin speakersturntables & more from rega researchproviding your analog fix with turntables for most any budget from rega research who has been manufacturing turntables, integrated amplifiers, speakers, phono preamps, and cartridges in the uk for over 40 years.
cardas audio cableswhether a great entry level audiophile cable for a budget hifi rig or reference level state of the art cardas clear cables for best sound from a great hifi rig, cardas audio has the speaker cables, interconnects, and power cords that will fit the bill. cardas audio’s exceptional clear interconnect’s complex design is shown here in this cross section graphic.
power modules (belles) amplifiers & preampspower modules gear offers solid state excellence with a natural tonal presence that is often absent in many solid state audio equipment. the highly praised belles aria series of products designed by david belles features great tone,  musicality, sound and features at reasonable prices.
click here for more info on power modulesserving audiophiles & music lovers with great hi-fi gear since 1990time to trade-up that rega table!
do you have a used rega turntable? since we always have demand for used rega turntables, we would most likely take your used rega turntable in on trade towards any new rega turntable model. give us a call (315-622-4137) or e-mail with what you got (model, age, condition, etc) & what new rega turntable (and cartridge if you want!) you are interested in, and we will get back to you with a quote.
contact us
what do we do?
“signature sound is a 2-channel hifi (high-end audio) retailer & consultant. we do not do home theaters, multi-room custom installs, car stereo, sell pro/dj gear or repair (for example) your busted 20 year old onkyo receiver/amp or epi speakers.  we do sell and do some service work on great hi-fi/audiophile gear. we also work as consultants for folks who need help in putting together a hifi rig for home, family, or office.
learn more
new product lines
we are shuffling our product line-up some, so keep an eye on our product news & used gear page for sales of demo gear and new product line announcements!
learn more
 





















 












(c) 2024 signature sound - content & configuration designed by rich brkich






 






















