







diagnostic imaging consultants - chiropractic radiologists









































































phone number
727-579-2500









address
5136 central ave. saint petersburg, fl 33707




















home
services
radiologists

what is a chiropractic radiologist
meet the team


imaging facilities
faq’s
forms
links
contact us
 













 















board-certified  
							radiologists 
							chiropractic 
							providing accurate and detailed diagnostic radiology reports to imaging centers and medical and chiropractic offices for over 40 years. 
							contact us 
							 


experienced 
							interpretations 
							diagnostic imaging 
							our physicians have years of experience, and will interpret diagnostic imaging from facilities anywhere in the us.  
							contact us 
							 





















 




						telephone					


						727-579-2500					













 




						address					


						5136 central ave. saint petersburg, fl 33707					













 




						fax					


						727-579-1060					













 




						follow us!					


						diagnostic imaging consultants					


















 











 





 












diagnostic imaging consultants 



scott thorpe and joe trimboli are board-certified chiropractic radiologists based in saint petersburg, florida offering expert film interpretations for physicians and the legal community.  they represent over 40 years of experience, including significant involvement with personal injury cases and the general scope of radiology. 



our mission 



to provide fast, expert film interpretation and consultations to physicians, insurance companies, attorneys and other interested parties at reasonable and customary rates. we also give assistance with radiographic technique, quality assurance, and continuing education for physicians and other professionals in the field of diagnostic imaging.  















40+ years of experience 














about us



































what is a chiropractic radiologist? 






























 
hover your mouse to find out!












 

a chiropractic radiologist, also known as a dacbr, is a chiropractic physician who has undergone extensive training in radiology and other advanced imaging techniques through years of residency training and in some cases fellowship training. chiropractic radiologists regularly interpret imaging and advise doctors, lawyers, and other facilities on the results of mris, ct scans, and other medical imaging.















our staff consists of multiple board-certified chiropractic radiologists (also known as dacbr) certified by the american chiropractic board of radiology. we perform diagnostic imaging consultations as primary reads and second opinions for exams performed in numerous medical imaging facilities, chiropractic/medical offices, and walk-in clinics across the usa.  we take our customer service and attention to detail very seriously when providing patient care to the facilities and patients we work with.  we have interpreted hundreds of thousands of mri, ct and x-ray studies giving our physicians a unique perspective when reviewing medical images, as well as the experience you desire in a radiologist.  
our office also provides medicolegal consultations at the request of attorneys and physicians. look to us as your spine and musculoskeletal imaging specialists. 






read more..





















© all rights reserved by diagnostic imaging consultants | p3 agency |  privacy policy


 














 


