







joyce r. becker – landscape quilts

























joyce r. becker landscape quiltsjoyce r. becker landscape quilts 
menu






home
about joyce
gallery

glorious gardens
quick little matted and framed landscape quilts
majestic mountains
sensational seascapes
wonderful wilderness


my books & dvd
workshops & lectures
blog
contact

global quilt connection


joyce r. becker is a prize-winning quilter who focuses her art, writing, teaching and lecturing on landscape quilts.
“quilting and writing have changed my life. never in my wildest dreams did i think i would end up as a professional landscape quilt artist and author.  for me, it has never been about fame or fortune but always about the joy of giving back to something that has blessed me in so many ways.  watching the spark of creativity come alive in quilters who thought they could never design and create a landscape quilt is what makes my spirit fill with happiness and joy.  to all of you have written me from all over the world thanking me for writing my books and helping you with your creations, it has been my pleasure.”
 
dryer lint, etc.
 


contact joyce:
joyce r. becker
landscape quilt artist & author
jbecker3@hotmail.com
253-859-0633
 
workshops & lectures:
see joyce's video for global quilt connection regarding workshops and lectures.



follow joyce:
visit joyce’s blog:
joycerbeckerblog.blogspot.com
 
follow joyce on twitter:

save

see joyce's new online lecture, beautiful landscape quilts, available at creativesparkctpub.com.
 
joyce showcases 35 of her quilts and chats about techniques in this entertaining and humorous lecture!



new book!

my new book is available to purchase!


beautiful landscape quilts, published by c&t publishing.
 
visit my books and dvd page to get your copy.
(also available from c&t publishing, target and walmart.)



copyright © 2025 · all images copyrighted by the artist, joyce r. becker, and are not to be copied, reproduced or distributed in any manner.website design by holly knott llc.





