

















westminster cathedral -






























































    donate
  





our community







the cathedral family
our archbishopour priestsfriendship groupsfaith in actionstaff & committees
 




volunteer
the guild of volunteersthe guild of st john southworthaltar servers
 




join us
the society of friends of westminster cathedralthe american friends of westminster cathedraloremus
 





the cathedral community
we are a vibrant parish community with many groups that meet regularly for prayer and fellowship.


 
 

spiritual life







sacraments & services
funeralsbecoming a catholicwatch a massmass & divine officesacraments
 




book online
light a candlesponsor a sanctuary lamp
 




devotions, prayer & study
exposition & benedictionprayer & study groupsdevotional prayersseasonal & sacramentals
 





spiritual life
whether you’re looking to worship in person or online, or to mark a life event, you are very welcome at westminster cathedral


 
 

the cathedral







visit us
toursplan your visitvenue hirewatch a video tourexplore in virtual 3d
 




what to see
an architectural gemart, marbles & mosaicstreasures
 




history
restorationhistory of the cathedralbentley’s vision
 





the cathedral
come and explore the history, spirituality and heritage of this remarkable building.


 
 

music







cathedral music
about the choirthe choral foundationhistory of the choirchoristersorgans
 




hear our music
concerts & recitalst john passion – bachrecordings
 




music department
peoplemusic listscontact & press information
 





music
music has been at the heart of westminster cathedral since its foundation, and our  choir regularly enhance the liturgy, and perform at various events throughout the year.


 
 

news & events







what’s on
news & eventscathedral diary
 




communications
latest newsweekly newsletterfriends newsletters
 





events
from cathedral liturgies, to seasonal events and organ recitals, we have a calendar full of exciting events for you to enjoy.


 
 

support us







making a gift
make a gift to the cathedralmake a gift to the choral foundationbecome a regular supporterleave a gift in your will
 




groups
the friends of westminster cathedralthe companions of oremus
 





support us
westminster cathedral receives no funding from the vatican. we rely entirely on the generosity of supporters like you, which allows us to sustain our world class choir, to maintain an historic building, and to pay substantial day-to-day running costs.


 
 








welcome to westminster cathedral
the roman catholic metropolitan cathedral of the most precious blood, seat of the archbishop of westminster.







regular cathedral schedule
all times subject to change, please check the links below.

mass timesopening hoursconfession times



sunday: 8am, 10am (sung), 12 noon (solemn, livestream), 5.30pm (sung), 7pm
monday – friday: 8am, 10.30am (latin), 12.30pm (livestream), 5.30pm (solemn)
saturday: 8am, 10.30am (latin, solemn), 12.30pm (livestream), 6pm (sung vigil)


live stream
today’s schedule




open daily: 7.30am – 7pm
gift shop: 10.30am – 4.30pm (wed-sun)
clergy house reception: 9am – 5.20pm (mon-fri); 10am – 12pm (sat-sun)


live stream
newsletter




sunday: 10.30am – 12.30pm, 5.00pm – 6.30pm
monday – friday: 11.30am – 12.30pm, 4.30pm – 5.30pm
saturday: 11.30am – 12.30pm, 5.00pm – 6.00pm


live stream
newsletter








read or sign up for our weekly newsletter and join our parish.


read now

instagram
twitter
facebook








at the heart of catholic faith in london
westminster cathedral is at the heart of catholic faith in london. holy mass, central to everything we do, is celebrated throughout the day, seven days a week and the sacrament of reconciliation is available daily. please visit us and experience for yourself the unique beauty and holiness of this celebrated cathedral.

visit us
pilgrim route
indulgence












latest news

all news




concert: st john passion – j.s. bach
read more: concert: st john passion – j.s. bach


quiz night & fish supper
read more: quiz night & fish supper


caritas – jubilee volunteering fair
read more: caritas – jubilee volunteering fair




oremus












music at westminster cathedral
westminster cathedral boasts one of the world’s greatest choirs, internationally renowned for polyphony and plainchant. with an extensive recorded repertoire, the choir performs in venues across the world, but its focus remains the singing of mass and daily vespers in the cathedral. join us and discover our rich musical tradition.

find out more







so much for visitors to experience
completed in 1903, westminster cathedral is a catholic cathedral like no other. itself a supreme achievement of art, the cathedral is home to many distinguished works of artistic merit including hundreds of beautiful mosaics and stations of the cross produced by renowned english sculptor eric gill.

find out more













support us

there are many ways in which you can support the upkeep of this beautiful building, and its pastoral mission to the parish and wider community.
you can make a one-off donation, set up a standing order, or become a member of the friends of westminster cathedral and take part in our fundraising events. your generosity will ensure that the cathedral is here for future generations to enjoy.


find out more








find us
westminster cathedralclergy house42 francis streetlondon sw1p 1qwunited kingdom
clergy house reception is open daily:monday to friday: 9am – 5.20pm (closed for lunch 1pm – 1.20pm)saturday & sunday: 10am – 1pm

visit us








find out about…




the choral foundation




history of the cathedral




baptism




devotional prayers




our music and choir




visiting the cathedral




parish groups




reconciliation




art, marbles and mosaics




becoming a catholic




safeguarding










safeguarding
glossary
funding acknowledgement
site credits
the diocese of westminster privacy policy

© westminster cathedral 2025 registered charity number 233699
















