






huws gray timber engineering - specialists in structural timber

















































huws gray timber engineering


engineered products

roof trusses
timber frame
metal web joist
spandrel panels


timber projects
news
about
contact
 

upload drawing



toggle menu









 


                                                specialists in structural timber components                                            

design, production and supply of structural timber components which include timber frame structures, trussed rafters and the metal web joist systems.




upload drawing



request a callback












 


                        fully committed to becoming more environmentally friendly                    

learn more











                            operating for over 30 years                        

                            huws gray timber engineering deliver all aspects of timber engineering, from large timber frame structures and spandrel panels to floor and roof solutions. we are here to provide your timber needs, supporting self build and home improvement projects.                        



                            fully committed to sustainability                        

                            huws gray timber engineering, as well as all of our timber suppliers, are fsc® certified (fsc-c005343 and pefc certified (pefc/16-37-1795). look for our fsc®- certified products. furthermore, where possible all waste produced from our office and factories is locally recycled.                        



                            quality standard assured                        

                            huws gray timber engineering are members of the structural timber association (sta), trussed rafter association (tra) & the timber research and development association (trada) - we are driven towards providing the highest quality and all our products are certified by our appointed notified bodies.                        







            featured products        



 
                                timber frame                            




 
                                roof trusses                            




 
                                metalweb joists                            










 


                nationwide delivery            

                we have a delivery fleet that enables us to provide a nationwide delivery service. the fleet ranges from a 28 tonne tractor unit with two step-frame trailers to a pickup. this range of vehicles enables us to deliver to the most difficult of sites.            








                    specialists in engineered products                


huws gray timber engineering design and manufacture all engineered timber products from our specialist timber sites in the uk.
 
our senior designers all have at least 20 years experience in the design of roof trusses, engineered floor and/or timber frame. with experience in on-site construction together with software development skills these assets assist us in finding practical solutions for more complex structures.
 
our customers include developers, housing associations, commercial builders and self-builders who all receive the same high-quality product, attention to detail and customer satisfaction.
 
start your project today
we are able to offer our clients a complete package for their project making us your ‘one stop’ supplier for all your engineered timber products. not only do we supply the complete timber frame package we can also supply roof trusses and posi-joists as stand alone products to builders using other, non timber frame methods of construction.


contact us



                        certifications:                    


 

 

 

 

 

 

 





 

 

 






                    our locations                




 
                                            bangor                                        






                                                    huws gray timber engineering (bangor)                                            

                                                    unit 13                                                

                                                    llandygai ind est                                                

                                                    bangor                                                

                                                    ll57 4yh                                                




                                                    01248 750160                                                


                                                    hgte@huwsgray.co.uk                                                







 
                                            welshpool                                        






                                                    huws gray timber engineering (welshpool)                                            

                                                    severn farm industrial estate                                                

                                                    welshpool                                                

                                                    powys                                                

                                                    sy21 7df                                                




                                                    01938 554881                                                


                                                    hgte@huwsgray.co.uk                                                















huws gray timber engineering



                    visit huwsgray.co.uk
                



request a call back



upload drawing







ownership

huws gray timber engineering
registered office
unit 13, llandygai ind est, bangor, ll57 4yh



registered in england & wales.
registration no: 2506633
vat reg no: 713 6074 54


                        © 2025 huws gray timber engineering. website by affinity




site
timber projects
sustainability
contact
privacy & cookie policy
 

contact





                01248 750160            




                hgte@huwsgray.co.uk            




facebook








we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however you may visit cookie settings to provide a controlled consent.cookie settingsacceptmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





                                necessary                            


 necessary 


                                    always enabled                                



necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.






                                non necessary                            


non-necessary




any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.












save & accept



















