






 

best german shepherd breeder & training in nokesville, va





































































home
services

training
grooming
boarding
raw dog food


our trainers
puppies
photo gallery
contact us
 


select page


  
 



 



 











 



call now (703) 594-9925

 

contact us

 
 


 
 
 



welcome to haus juris german shepherds
our dog kennel and training facility is located in beautiful virginia just minutes outside of washington, dc. we are a full service kennel providing boarding, grooming and training services as well as top quality german shepherd dogs.
as a breeder of top german bloodlines we raise our puppies to be trusted and loyal family companions that embody the true ideal of the german shepherd dog.
at haus juris, we selectively breed top german bloodlines to produce german shepherd dogs that will be superior for sport dog, akc, agility, search and rescue, police, international conformation, and/or loving family protection and companionship. we strive to reach max von stephanitz’s ideal of a “golden middle”, that is, a german shepherd dog that has it all. all dogs in our breeding program are the highest quality german imports. breedings are carefully selected for health, temperament and correct conformation.
call haus juris for an appointment to come out and see our puppies, dogs, and facility. meet our trainers and find the perfect class for you, your family and your dog. shop at our retail store for frozen raw diet dog food, performance supplements and quality equipment and treats for your puppies and dogs. we strongly recommend early reservations for our new litters. dogs and puppies seen by appointment only.
 
 



 
 


 
 




russo
 
 



gladiator
 
 



blanka
 
 
 


 
 




training

 



grooming

 



boarding

 
 




raw dog food

 



our trainers

 



puppies

 
 
  


 
 
 



contact us email: megan@hausjuris.com
phone: 703-594-9925
address: 11910 valley view drive, nokesville, va 20181

  hours of operation sunday – friday 9am – 1pm
saturday 9am – 3pm.
call to schedule a visit with our dogs & puppies!

    
 





facebook


  

 
 
 












