

control masters marine systems corp. - marine engine controls, bow thrusters, sonar, stabilizers, filtration, boat and yacht air conditioners, generators, diesel engines, steering, refrigeration, icemakers, valves, governors, actuators, repairs and more!





















		  cmi home  |
		  site map  |
		  contact us  



www.marineenginecontrols.com















pleasure craft
|
commercial marine
|
industrial products
|
repair/tech services
























control masters marine systems corp


pleasure craft

commercial marine

industrial products

repair services

products directory

photo gallery


contact us













"quality products and repair service for marine,
    commercial, and industrial applications"









since 2006 the name "control masters marine systems" has become
              synonymous with "quality." we understand that having the 
            right product for the job, or having repairs done right
              the  first time can save you a fortune in money, time and headaches.
 at cmi, we don't just make promises 
              . . . we 
              deliver results! (see our photos page!)










featured products and services










zf mathers marine controls





glendinning marine products





step up to higher performance with the latest "cutting-edge" electronic boat
    controls available! (more)
 


take boating to a new level of comfort with the glendinning cablemaster, hosemaster, electronic engine controls, high performance control cables, and synchronizer products!
(more)








                    kobelt marine systems





                 northern lights / lugger 






kobelt offers a complete line of marine controls including 
    hydraulic steering, electronic and pneumatic engine controls, and mechanical push-pull controls!  
    (more)



northern lights generators are a favorite with vessel owners worldwide. 
	built to meet the toughest standards, these rugged marine generators respond with ease to the rigorous demands of the marine environment.  sizes range 
	from 4.5 kw to 520 kw.  using lugger diesel engines @ 1800 rpm means less wear and tear for longer engine life.  lugger also offers the same reliability 
	in main propulsion engines from 67 hp to 900 hp.  lugger engines are recognized industry-wide as the most reliable marine propulsion engines available.










                    wesmar marine products





                    side-power bow thrusters






wesmar offers thrusters, stabilizers, sonar and hydraulics for marine applications. easy to install retrofit kits to update your 
    older systems too! 
    (more)




side-power thrusters & stabilizers offer safe comfortable ride control and maneuverability on vessels all over the world. 
    (more)








                  perfect filtration



rci
                  fuel purifiers - water separators





space
                    age filtration technology provides greater performance and
                    longer life from your equipment, substantial cost savings, 
                    and even the ability to reclaim used fluids! 
    (more)


no
                    moving parts and no cartridges to replace makes rci's
                    centrifugal purifiers the permanent solution to your fuel
                    purification needs (also available for marine  
    applications!)
(more)
























cmi
                    also specializes in control valve and actuator repair.
                    if you don't see what you're looking for on this page or in
                    the menus, please click here to
                    contact us!











control masters marine systems



1704 lakeside avenue, suite 3
saint augustine, florida 32084
phone: 904-260-9756
email: sales@controlmastersinc.com
as for me and my house, we will serve the lord





copyright 2018 control masters marine systems corp. all rights reserved.




