














      portfolio optimization software from efficient solutions inc.
    




        efficient solutions
      



            site map
          

home


introduction to mvo


visualmvo


mvoplus


mcretire


licensing & pricing


serial number


download


purchase


y2k issues


policies


contact us


tell a friend




            external links
          

            hosted by
             













            portfolio optimization software
mean variance optimization
            monte carlo simulation







                about us
              

efficient solutions is dedicated to bringing you innovative portfolio optimization, asset allocation and retirement software at an affordable price. our products are designed for both investment professionals and sophisticated personal investors.
              

 all our products have been updated to run on windows 8, 8.1 and 10. please be sure to download the latest version before installing.
              

 rebates are available for purchasers of the intelligent asset allocator and other books by william bernstein.
              

                all products are available for free 30-day trial and are targeted to pc platforms running windows 95 through windows 10.
              

group discounts and academic licenses are available for some products.
              



                mean variance optimization
              

mean variance optimization (mvo), also known as modern portfolio theory (mpt), is a quantitative asset allocation technique that allows you to use diversification to balance the risk and return in your portfolio.
              

                we currently offer two mean variance optimizers: visualmvo (single-period) and mvoplus (multi-period with rebalancing).
              

                click here to learn more about mvo in both single and multi-period contexts, or here for more detail. the second link also contains suggestions on how to decide which of our two optimizers is right for you.
              



                monte-carlo simulation
              

                monte-carlo simualtion is a technique in which the statistics of possible future outcomes are investigated by creating and averaging many different realizations, subject to some assumed probabality distribution.
              

                monte-carlo simulation is used in our monte-carlo retirement simulator mcretire.
              





                products
              


                  single-period mvo
                

 visualmvo is a single-period mean variance optimizer that enables you to construct the efficient frontier -- the set of portfolios with greater expected return than any other with the same or less risk, and less risk than any other with the same or greater expected return. visualmvo is an implementation of the markowitz critical line algorithm.
                



                  multi-period mvo
                

 mvoplus is a novel mean variance optimizer with the ability to optimize for true multi-period (geometric mean) return of portfolios that are rebalanced to a given allocation at the end of each period. mvoplus allows you to build constant ratio asset allocation (craal) strategies with the potential to out-perform all of the constituent assets in your portfolio. the algorithm used in mvoplus is based on recent research in portfolio optimization.
                

                  the program also functions as a conventional single period optimizer, or as a back-tester and optimizer of historical data.
                



                  retirement calculator
                

 mcretire is a monte carlo retirement simulator that takes into account the fluctuations on your investment. use mcretire to help you decide if your retirement assets are adequate for your needs.
                

                  features include: calculation of success probability for a given withdrawal, calculation of allowed withdrawal for specified success probability, display of individual monte carlo realizations, and a built in adjustment model for inflation, expenses and taxes.
                

 mcretire is free for purchasers of visualmvo or mvoplus.
                




                synergy
              

                our mean variance optimization applications visualmvo and mvoplus are not linked to our monte-carlo retirement simulator mcretire, but the former may be used to select the portfolio that you will use in the latter.
              






            copyright â© 2019 efficient solutions inc.
          





