


jeff smith—web developer and designer – amherst, nova scotia, canada
































i’m a web developer and graphic designer living in amherst, nova scotia, canada. i spend my days with my hands in many different areas of web development from back end programming (php, django/python, ruby on rails) to front end engineering (html, css, and jquery/javascript), digital accessibility, user experience and visual design.
i’m extremely passionate about web development and design in all its forms and helping small businesses and artisans build and improve their online presence. aside from web development, i enjoy spending my time with my wife, sons, and daughter, cooking, taking photos and playing & watching sports (hockey, golf, football, and f1 to name a few).





some of my recent work



 
amherst eye clinic
							logo design, graphic design						




 
niche brewing
							logo design, graphic design						




 
hammond river brewing
							logo design, graphic design, web design, web development						




 
jeff smith photography
							wordpress development and web design						




 
promotion tours
							django development and web design						




 
krista and jeff
							ruby on rails development and web design						




 
geothermaledmonton
							cakephp development and web design						




 
drew graham
							wordpress development and web design						




 
alaura artworks
							cakephp development and web design						







get in touch
get in touch via email at info@jeffsmith.me. if you are inquiring about working with me on a project, please try to provide a few details about your project if at all possible (e.g. requirements, budget, timeline, etc.).
i try to respond to all emails and calls as promptly as possible, but during busy times it may take up to a week for me to respond. if you don’t receive a response to an email within a week, please send another message as my spam blocking software may have grabbed your email.







copyright ©2025 jeff smith. all rights reserved. bio photo by scott boms.




