

pro shooters llc: home of digitalpro image management software for digital pros & serious photographers













new: tour the new features in digitalpro 6 
keep up with all of our image management for photographer series
        now includes image filing, keywording and storage




in today's fast
    paced environment, it's not just enough to capture good images.  you
    	need to effectively review, organize, submit and catalog them.   designed by 
		pros for both professionals and serious amateurs, digitalpro incorporates
    comprehensive image management and workflow features that let you load your images, review and organize them, and select and submit the best images
    for publication in press or online - all in a matter of minutes!
fully supports windows 7 (32 and 64-bit), vista, xpdigitalpro has also added xmp support, to continue digitalpro's lead as the best integrated browsing and cataloging solution for windows users. 

free 30-day trial

digitalpro
      - the industry's only all-in-one image browsing and cataloging solution
      - is now available!


purchase or upgrade  now!

archives: 
	  online demo/tutorial videos for digitalpro 
	  5



 new:
	  
	  moose peterson's video tutorials on digitalpro 6!
load  - easily load images directly from your camera, 
        assign captions, keywords and categories.
review
    - quickly review and manage your library of images, using the digitalloupe 
	to select and then prioritize the keepers.
catalog - categorize and tag
    an unlimited number of images the way you want for fast searching and retrieval.
publish  - instantly submit
    your photos to editors or create web galleries complete with your watermark, copyright information
    and invoice information.
fully color-managed from end to end!
 



 





news: digitalpro
wins american photo's coveted editor's choice award! 





"the 
		attendees at my workshop loved the digitalpro demonstration. they we all 
		amazed at how easy it was to load, review, catalog and keep track of 
		images using your software. " --craig 
		ingram
 
check out the article on developing digitalpro in dr. dobbs journal 




 





    pro shooters is proud to sponsor:



a free 
    information resource for digital photographers.




 





for david cardinal's
      photographs & events, visit  
        cardinal photo
 




 



pro shooters llc was founded by david cardinal, and manages
nikondigital.org
 as well as
cardinalphoto.com. 
 digitalpro for windows was jointly designed and developed by david cardinal and moose peterson
  with invaluable assistance from mike ouye & dozens of loyal testers and scads of loyal users.


pro shooters is also a partner of atalasoft, makers of the industry leading dotimage .net imaging sdk
all contents copyright pro shooters llc. all rights reserved.
back to pro shooters home page
 


