









romantic couples retreat at luxury romantic getaway resort in the byron bay - gold coast hinterland region, australia – couples only crystal creek rainforest retreat.




























































 





















skip to content

















 homeaccommodationcreekside spa cabinsrainforest canopy bungalowsglass terrace bungalowsluxury mountain view lodgesluxury rainforest lodgebar lounge & private diningbar lounge & wine cellarcreekside pavilion dine & bathebreakfast basketsgourmet bbq hamperspicnic lunch basketsdelicious dinnersself-cateringwine & beveragespackagesstandard pricesrelax accommodation packagesultimate rainforest honeymoon packagesrainforest wedding with 5 night honeymoongift vouchersterms & conditionsromance‘100 candle surprise’ marriage proposal & romantic experiencesummer rainforest proposal & romantic experiencediamond rainforest proposal & romantic experiencerainforest wedding experiencerainforest wedding with 5 night honeymoonromantic rainforest photo shootexperiencesbar lounge & wine cellarcreekside pavilion dine & bathecouples massagerainforest walksour orcharddiscover magical glow wormsscenic bike rideshinterland & coastal day tripshusk farm distillerynorthern rivers rail trailnewsaboutwhere we areour rainforest environmentaccessible accommodationfrequently asked questionsfurniture by the antiques companycontactenquire nowsee us on facebooksee us on instagramsee us on tripadvisorsee us on youtubecall us nowemail us nowguestbookprivacy statementbook now 












 





luxury mountain view lodges  


the ultimate getaway 







more about our retreat  

designed for romance 







creekside spa cabins  

wake up in the rainforest 







luxury mountain view lodges  

immersed in beauty 







glass terrace bungalows  

sheer indulgence 



 



 




the perfect romantic getaway in the australian rainforestglenn watson2025-02-10t22:14:31+11:00 
the perfect romantic getaway in the rainforest
our romantic hideaway resort is nestled amongst 250 acres of pristine rainforest within the beautiful northern rivers of nsw, just 50 minutes from the gold coast airport.
the 13 luxurious villas and lodges are individually positioned throughout the private estate, carefully hidden amongst the contours, offering incredible rainforest and mountain views, and providing the utmost in privacy and seclusion.














luxury mountain view lodges 

stunning rainforest valley views from our five lodges


						read more » 














luxury rainforest lodge 

the ultimate in spacious seclusion immersed in the rainforest


						read more » 














glass terrace bungalows 

glass walls bring the outside inside for the perfect romantic getaway


						read more » 














rainforest canopy bungalows 

contemporary split-level cabins with fireplace and couples' spa baths


						read more » 














creekside spa cabins 

traditional romantic cottage style with exposed timber beams


						read more » 






 

each spacious villa provides the perfect setting for a romantic escape, equipped with cosy lounges and log fireplaces, floor-to-ceiling glass windows, comfy bedrooms with ensuite bathrooms and large couples’ spa baths. all accommodation has fitted kitchens, with outdoor weber bbqs, and both internal and external dining areas. our expansive luxury mountain view lodges offer large decks with private heated plunge pools.
the retreat hosts 8km of picturesque rainforest hiking trails, home to many rare and endangered plants and animal species, including 400 types of flora. secluded rock pools and hammocks are nestled along our creek where you can while away the day listening to the songs, twitters and calls from a myriad variety of our 150 species of resident birds.
allow our spa therapists to pamper you with a deep tissue massage, then retire to your own secluded spot for a peaceful picnic and chilled glass of wine.

rainforest romance
stroll along our 8 kilometres of rainforest tracks through stunning fern-lined gullies and giant 400-year-old trees. lie in our famous hammocks over a babbling rainforest brook of pure, crystal-clear mountain water. or take a picnic basket to our lovely citrus orchard. at night, wander to the creek to marvel at the magic of the glow worms.
explore our rainforestdesigned just for couples
our retreat is specially designed with romance in mind. for an unforgettable honeymoon, intimate wedding or elopement, a romantic surprise for a birthday or anniversary – or just an escape from life’s hectic pace – this is the ideal relaxing getaway for two. we have a number of extras and packages to make your experience with us absolutely perfect.
our honeymoon packagesbar lounge & wine cellar
our new wine cellar stocks over 1,000 bottles of international and local wines and champagnes. at the bar, choose from cocktails, gins, smooth rums, excellent non-alcoholic options and beers. relax, meet other guests and enjoy a game of pool, chess or backgammon.
see morecreekside pavilion
hidden in the rainforest and cantilevered over a bubbling mountain creek is an exclusive, secluded relaxation, bathing and dining experience. enjoy a gourmet lunch, bathe in a private rock pool and relax to birdsong. also a perfect romantic venue for your intimate wedding or celebration of love, a proposal, anniversary or birthday.
see moreprivate dining
so that you and your partner can spend the most time together alone, we provide freshly prepared, delicious gourmet food and deliver it quietly to you, so you can eat whenever you want. our menus of dinners, hampers, breakfasts and even picnic packs are delicious and nutritious.
whet your appetitenear byron bay & the gold coast
our 102-hectare property is in the beautiful tweed valley in northern new south wales. we’re bordered on three sides by world heritage national park, assuring true peace and privacy. we seamlessly combine the key ingredients of the ultimate romantic getaway – privacy, comfort and seclusion – with a stunning natural location.
where we aremake an enquiry nowbook direct with us for the best deals!

get real-time availability and rates for different nights and lengths of stay.
be sure to check out all our accommodation types, so you don’t miss out on one that’s available!
and remember to book early! in peak times we are often full well in advance.

book now




we were blown away11 september 2019this place is absolutely amazing! what a magical place to spend our first wedding anniversary. from the moment we stepped into our room we were blown away. thank you for making our first anniversary as husband and wife incredible. we wish we could stay longer. we will be back one day.
dale and mel(tamborine lodge, a luxury mountain view lodge)



 will be back!19 november 2017just left from our second stay here, and it’s just as amazing as the first time. lovely staff with amazing views! will be back!
susie raymond



it did not disappoint23 march 2017we celebrated our five year wedding anniversary here and it did not disappoint. our lodge was amazing and our time here has been everything your website says it will be. we look forward to visiting again in the future.
sarah and daniel(numinbah lodge, a luxury mountain view lodge)



an amazing paradise4 september 2016i am the luckiest woman on earth. i got abducted by rose point from work on friday and followed a trail of hints and history from toowoomba to crystal creek. wow! we arrived to candles, rose petals, an amazing paradise “tamborine”. thank you ccrr team.
tammy & stephen(tamborine lodge, a luxury mountain view lodge)



 descent into total bliss9 september 2016my wife and i took the weekend package. the accommodation was gorgeous, very private and totally relaxing. the food was also excellent and the awesome dvd library assisted our descent into total bliss. i would thoroughly recommend this place for a couples retreat.
john b



love every bit of it30 december 2017the mountain view lodge is absolutely spectacular. we love every bit of it, particularly the pool and the expansive views from the spa bath and the king size bed. it was a very relaxing stay, we will be back in winter. thanks!
lily and andrew(lamington lodge, a luxury mountain view lodge)



the forest truly revitalizes and restores the soul13 september 2018we loved the natural forest walks and marvelled at the old trees. resting in the hammocks was a treat. we loved the privacy of the lodge with resident frog. staff are warm, welcoming and professional. the food was excellent. thank you so much.
the ellises(quandong, a creekside spa cabin)



absolutely fantastic location5 october 2018we enjoyed the peaceful silence at cedar lodge. our tummies are overwhelmed with all the good food. service was fantastic. great selection of gobbling bush turkeys. thoroughly enjoyed an afternoon delight at the hammocks. will be back for more back rubs.

lots of love, your bush pals.
tom and hannah(cedar lodge, the luxury rainforest lodge)



 incredible hideaway retreat31 january 2022what more can i say than wow.

absolutely breathtaking location and the facilities here are 10/10. i am so appreciative of all the work that has gone into making this retreat what it is today. we stayed in the lamington lodge and everything about our room was incredible. the most luxurious, private escape we could have asked for our honeymoon. we definitely will come back again one day.
daniel g(lamington lodge, a luxury mountain view lodge)



 private and relaxing get-away12 august 2018we stayed in a glass terrace bungalow and it was lovely. very clean and simple, yet comfortable and luxurious. beautiful bathroom with heated floor and great view from the spa bath to the outdoor shower area. we played scrabble on the deck, listening to the whip birds and watching the bush turkeys scramble about below. the dinners delivered were really good, especially the massaman curry. breakfasts yummy too and we used the nespresso machine each day. lots of good videos. we did the rainforest walk, too – steep but enjoyable.
sonia b(glass terrace bungalow)canberra, act



 this place is heaven8 january 2018i planned our trip to this place as a surprise on my wife’s birthday. this place is heaven. everything about this place is just perfect. the location, convenience, privacy, food, activities, facilities, luxury and especially the staff made this place one of its kind. my wife enjoyed the surprise and we will come back for sure.
uday kumar



quiet and chilled11 august 2019relaxing a great couples getaway. really helpful service. quiet and chilled in the rainforest atmosphere.

good room service · thoughtful amenities · romantic atmosphere
jasmine keenesfacebook



so private and magical21 november 2017thank you crystal creek for an amazing honeymoon. it was so private and magical it felt like we were the only ones here. the food was amazing and so much of it. we couldn’t have asked for a more romantic and relaxing honeymoon. we will be back.
oliver and chloe frantz-dubaich(booyong, a rainforest canopy bungalow)



we absolutely loved it25 january 2016was it all a dream? seriously… well done to you all here at crystal creek rainforest retreat. we absolutely loved it.
justin and julie(springbrook lodge, a luxury mountain view lodge)



 we loved it!!5 january 2018being at crystal creek rainforest retreat gave us the opportunity to experience and do many of the things we don’t get to do in our weekly lives in brisbane. pristine rainforest walks, beautiful accommodation, creek, bike riding and amazing meals with a view every time!! we loved it!!
nicole and colin spowartbrisbane qld



more great reviews in our guestbook





 
 






(02) 6679 1591
relax@ccrr.com.au

enquiry form

po box 69,  
murwillumbah nsw 2484 

stay in touch for news and offer invitations 


"*" indicates required fields

email*

first name*last namecaptchacommentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  
















 

home page menuhome
accommodation
bar lounge & private dining
tariffs
romance
experiences
about
contact
 


search for:








 

 
 
 





		© 2010–2025 crystal creek rainforest retreat | all rights reserved | site by cyberdog design 


facebookinstagramtripadvisoryoutube
 
 
 
 
 
 

page load link











 





























go to top






