


things to see and do in millville, nj






































































































search







translate 









menu







arts & entertainmentnature & recreationeat & drinkshoppingserviceswhere to staygetting here




search







eventscommunitywhy millville?millville means business




















millville, nj - so much to see and do
there's more to millvillemillville, nj? you mean that little town in south jersey? they used to make glass there, right?
well, yes. millville still makes glass. but it offers a whole lot more. in fact, there's more to millville than most folks realize. much more. like, just to mention a few ...... shops and stores and restaurants and diners and galleries and studios and a distillery, a brewery and music and film and live theater and museums and history and motor racing and golf and a sparkling lake and a rambling river and hiking and biking and boating and fishing and all kinds of special events ...(deep breath.)
that's millville's definition of more. and only a few reasons why you should visit.
the best part; it's all easy to get to and easy to navigate, just 50 minutes from philadelphia and 40 from the jersey shore.
so what are you waiting for? click around, discover all our city has to offer, then plan your visit. everything you need to know is right here.


















upcoming events













feb 21 - feb 23








levoy theatre


the marvelous wonderettes
the levoy theatre- performance dates

friday, february 21, 2025 @ 7:00pm
*saturday, february 22, 2025 @ 2:00pm*
saturday, february 22, 2025 @ 7:00pm
sunday, february 23, 2025 @ 3:00pm

*performance on sat., feb. 22nd at...
more info












fri - feb 21








the millville recreation department


pet photo contest
the city of millville- pet photo contest.  one entry per person.  must be a millville resident.  drop off your entry monday through friday, 7:30am to 2:30pm. entry deadline is february...
more info












fri - feb 21








third friday venues


third friday on high street february 2025
third fridays- come out to see what's new on high street for third friday in february.  riverfront renaissance center "gray" group show, affiliate artist annual exhibit, jack mcgovern, and...
more info










see all upcoming events 








discover millville












nj motorsports park events
learn more 










gmcc community guide
learn more 










levoy theatre wows audiences
learn more 

























enjoy millville, nj
arts & entertainmentnature & recreationeat & drinkshoppingserviceswhere to staygetting here






explore millville, nj

events
community
why millville?
millville means business











join our social circles
















join our email list


sign up 













artc 
						19 e. main street •
						millville, nj 08332 
contact us






							public access and most buildings are fully accessible.
							click here for more information.
						


admin log-in |
						privacy policy |
						terms & conditions







					copyright ©2025 artc. all rights reserved.
					| a townsight website











select a language

 english
 spanish
 french
 chinese
 portuguese
 italian
 german
 korean
 japanese








