


boise site design, web design, idaho website design, small business web designs | boise, idaho | kmweb designs





























 


domain registration - hosting - site design - e-commerce solutions
    bulletin boards - blogs - graphic design -  marketing & more!













 get a no obligation web design quote now - click here
web design, boise website design and idaho site design for small businesses


 kmweb designs has been providing web design and website design since 2000. with over 220 sites launched and over  140 active clients, we have had the opportunity to represent best-selling authors and artists along with a variety of small businesses. our clients' locations are as close as a few miles from our web design office in boise, idaho to thousands of miles across the country. our web design portfolio shows our clients' diversity. 

service is our standard we  work hard to stay away from the industry standard of "nickel and diming" the customer. we are up front about our web design prices and realistic of the time involved. we have made website hosting affordable and have thrown away all restrictions.  we work directly with our highly satisfied clients to achieve the results they need to see.
satisfaction is our guarantee it's quite simple. if you are not 100% satisfied with your website design, we'll do it again until you are. there's no use paying for something you don't want and we want you to be proud of your online presence.

what we offer kmweb designs offers a  range of design services. here is a short list of what we can do for you:

 domain registration, redirects and transfers
site hosting with 24/7 site statistics 
site design and redesign - view our portfolio 
ecommerce/shopping cart solutions
 iphone development
custom database solutions 
 logo design
banner ad design 
 business cards & stationary design
 message/bulletin boards 
blogs/online web journals
enewsletter subscriptions
 search engine optimization 
...and more 


exclusive series: your guerrilla marketing arsenal






      inspired by an article in entrepreneur magazine’s february 2008 issue, this ongoing series takes their list of 198 guerrilla marketing ideas and expands one item per article in an effort to show that cheap and effective marketing for your business and organization can be found anywhere you look.
      
#4 - stationery new!
#3 - business cards
#2 - a marketing calendar
#1 - a marketing plan
an introduction

contact us today click here to contact us today about your project. consultations and proposals are always free and we would welcome the opportunity to speak with you by phone, email, online chat,  or in person.



featured website design - double r trailers, nampa, idaho

headquartered in nampa, idaho and service the western united states and canada, double r trailers manufactures an extensive line of custom trailers providing a one stop shop for their customers. this completely redesign website relies heaviliy on photos to sell the finished products of double r while providing extensive information for their customes. doublertrailers.com is our 222nd site launch.
testimonial
  "we  are extremely happy with our new website. kevin did a great job pulling  together the extensive number of pictures and volumes  of product specifications that we wanted integrated. the  website is easy to navigate, has clear and precise product information and  the pictures truly highlight the best of what we do. we  also love the easy to use, quote request form. we are certain  that this new website will bring us new customers and increase our  sales. we recommend kmweb designs to anyone who wants a professional  looking website at a great price." —jeanette rizzo, double r trailers

























get a no obligation quote today!
                  click here to join our  list of satisfied clients.




now offering free domain registration! 
                    kmweb designs will register your domain for free with any annual hosting account. additional domains are just $16.99/year! 
combine your urls into one site! 
do you have more than one identity but would like to only manage one site? url forwarding is easy and free with kmweb designs! 
pay your invoices online!
click here to pay your invoices securely with any major credit card or your paypal account. 
















home | about us | portfolio | services | prices | news & announcements | blog | links & resources | contact us          
        ©2000-14 kmweb designs - po box 190264, boise, id 83719-0264 - 208-871-9318 - info@kmwebdesigns.com
          boise, idaho web design services, website design, site design, small business web design






 



