 





 





visit the trail | bruce freeman rail trail | massachusetts










































 








↓ skip to main content










	friends of the bruce freeman rail trail

 connecting the communities of lowell, chelmsford, westford, carlisle, acton, concord, sudbury, and framingham.

visit the trail

trail map, parking & guidelines


bf rail trail info

the trail so far

visiting the trail phase 1 information
phase 2a  – westford, carlisle, acton
phase 2b & 2c  – concord
trail status in sudbury
trail map


bfrt newsletter
about bruce freeman
about the friends


support the trail

join or renew
volunteer opportunties
donate to the trail

acton amenities
betsy fowler memorial fund
carol c. cleven memorial fund
chelmsford amenities

chelmsford art walk


howard krueger memorial fund
in memory of daphne freeman
james broughton memorial fund
mary michelman memorial fund
westford amenities
amenities and acquistions




trail events

upcoming events
bruce freeman rail trail event registration


manage my membership

manage my account
about neoncrm


rail trail resources

rail trail studies
legal aspects of trails
rail trail links
adaptive bicycles


blog
contact us







visit the trail

the bruce freeman rail trail is a rail trail through the communities of lowell, chelmsford, westford, carlisle, acton, concord, sudbury, and framingham in massachusetts — following the 25-mile route of the old new haven railroad framingham & lowell line. the trail has a 10-foot wide pavement with a 2-foot wide packed shoulder on each side.the bruce freeman rail trail is open to non-motorized uses such as cycling, jogging, walking, rollerblading, and skiing.
maps with parking information
lowell, chelmsford, westford, acton trail map phase 1 & phase 2a  (pdf)
concord trail map phase 2b & phase 2c  (pdf)
summer day on the trail in west concord.
phase 1 – 6.8 miles in lowell, chelmsford, and westford, opened in 2009.lowell parking

crosspoint towers, 900 chelmsford st., lowell (weekends and holidays only)

chelmsford parking

stop & shop lot, 299 chelmsford st., chelmsford
chelmsford center for the arts, 1a north rd. (rt. 4), chelmsford
chelmsford center artwalk, cushing place, chelmsford (public restrooms, seasonal)
byam school (off school hours), 25 maple rd, chelmsford
town land at heart/baptist pond, 2 pond st., chelmsford (public restrooms, seasonal)

phase 2a – 4.9 miles in westford, carlisle, acton, opened on april 3, 2018.acton parking

across from 1000 main street (rte. 27), acton
nara park off rte. 27, acton (seasonal public restrooms)
at goulds’ plaza (behind donelan’s supermarket) on great road (rte. 2a), acton (public restrooms, seasonal)
patriot square, 179 great road across from pedal power bike and ski, acton (weekends and holidays only)
one handicap parking space behind pedal power bike and ski, 176 great road, acton
ice house pond, 120 concord road, acton

phase 2b – .88 miles in concord – rte 2 bridge, opened in may 2023.
phase 2c – 2.5 miles in concord, opened on september 27, 2019.concord parking

commonwealth ave, near the rotary & concord mci, concord
west concord center, trail parking near nashoba brook, concord
one handicap parking space near williams road, concord

phase 2d (sudbury from the sudbury/concord line to the masscentral rail trail – 4.4 miles).  construction began in january 2023 and is expected to be completed by 2025.
phase 3 sudbury purchased the 1.4 miles of csx rail corridor from the csx corporation, from the masscentral, just north of route 20 to the framingham line on november 30, 2020. this final section in sudbury is under design and now scheduled for construction starting in 2029.
framingham has purchased the remaining 3.2 miles of the csx corridor in that municipality and is working on the design.
(updated june 2024)
     





latest news


november 24, 2024 – friends annual meeting


november 11, 2024 – fall friends of the bfrt newsletter is here!


june 21, 2024 – summer solstice bike ride



blog posts and news
see all the latest news and blog posts about the trail here

view fall 2024 newsletter (pdf)view trail maps
download a phase 1 & 2a trail map with parking information here (pdf)  phase 1 (6.8 miles) in lowell, chelmsford, and westford and phase 2a (4.9 miles) in westford, carlisle, and acton are open. 
download a phase 2b & 2c trail map (pdf) 
phase 2b & 2c in concord (2.5 miles) are now open.












support the trail
bruce freeman rail trail event registration
contact us
privacy statement
 

 


			© 2025
				friends of the bruce freeman rail trail			



responsive theme
			powered by 
				wordpress




top


privacy statement



