









buy birthday gifts online, swiss home decor, esther's european imports




















"your favorite swiss store in the usa"




				phone: 608-527-2417



signup here for ourmailing list









menu


home
about us
shop online
recently viewed items
gift certificates


services ▼
services


advanced search
view/create account
order tracking
order status


contact us






				search
                















0 product(s) in cart | 
total $0.00 | 
   shopping cart








your name
your email
your friends email
your comments
sendclose window


login details
email
password
remember login on this computer?



new account
full name
email
password


click here to join our mailing list for notifications of new products and specials.(we will never divulge your email to a 3rd party)







not logged in
login









unique gift ideas - from swiss gear to european imports




esther’s european imports… a taste of switzerland!
your favorite swiss online store in the usa!
it was time to make a change in my life and switch to 
				 online 
				sales only. we closed our store front in new glarus, wi on 
				april 30, 2021. i am excited to assist you, and share any upcoming new 
				product ideas and specials!thank you!~esther
when you shop from our online store, we 
				invite you to explore a wide and unique assortment of swiss and 
				european gift ideas and products.





new items



close out specials




















recommended items
kids dirndl - navy blue dress with embroidered alpine flowers
price$85.00 


chocolate fondue set with bamboo base
price$54.95 


edelweiss pendant with transparent zircons
price$49.00 


sterling silver heart and edelweiss penadant
price$45.00 


heart pendant with edelweiss - silver and gold color
price$45.00 


shoulder purse
price$39.95 


switzerland cheese knife
price$39.95 


small sterling silver edelweiss penadant - with tiny yellow center stone
price$35.00 


ablong  bamboo slate serving board
price$34.95 


silk scherenschnitt scarf - red
price$27.95 


square metal candle with edelweiss design
price$24.95 


small silver meatal heart with edelweiss decoration
price$10.95 



featured categories








fondue products and accessories
including traditional ceramic or metal fondue pots 
				and burners for chocolate or cheese fondue and 
				fondue recipes and mixes.








glassware
from traditional swiss beer steins, wine glasses and shot 
				glasses to swiss langenthal china, high quality porcelain 
				dinnerware, serving platters, bowls and dish sets.








swiss cow bells
get yourself a genuine swiss cowbell, in either the 
				treicheln (hammered) or glocken style 
				(cast metal bells).








victorinox knives
from steak and kitchen knives to the original victorinox 
				swiss army knife in 12 different styles and configurations.








traditional swiss clothing
from swiss national sweatshirts, t-shirts and edelweiss 
				shirts to milking jackets, dirndl's and scarves to hats, purses, 
				bags, swiss patches and ribbons for men, women and children.








raclette grills
the original swiss indoor grill or outdoor party grill that 
				enables you to simultaneously grill your food as you melt creamy 
				raclette cheese for the topping .... mmmm! (* we recommend
				
				emmi swiss raclette from alp amd dell cheese in monroe, wi).








linens
in addition to table runners, doilies and dish towels from 
				heritage lace, embroidered with swiss lace and other swiss 
				imagery, we also feature good ol' paper napkins with swiss 
				symbols and imagery.








gift ideas
from black forest cuckoo clocks and german nutcrackers, 
				smokers, edelweiss jewelry, chocolates, cheese and much more, we 
				have gifts for men and women, wedding, birthday and anniversary 
				gifts. unique gift ideas for christmas and children of all ages.




for great mother's day, father's day, birthday & christmas gifts, think "esther's european imports"!
so shop online at 
				shopswiss.com or you 
				can call us at 608-527-2417.
























home | 
about us | 
shop online | 
advanced search | 
view/create account | 
order tracking | 
order status | 
gift certificates | 
terms & conditions | 
contact us




esther's european imports
		p.o. box 156,  new glarus, wi 53574
		phone: 608-527-2417


we accept





























store front has closed permanent!

online shop is open 24/7 - we process every order fast & carefully!

you can reach us by phone. please leave your information and we call you back!
pick ups avavailable by appointment!





page summary: esther's european imports offers 
father's day and birthday gifts, as well as home decor, unique gift ideas, 
collectibles and online gifts. products such as swiss gear, collectibles store, 
swiss food as well as european gifts are also part of the scope of our business. 
we also specialize in swiss products, european imports in new glarus, madison, 
beloit, janesville as well as freeport. other areas we serve include rockford, 
sun prairie, loves park and machesney park. we also service middleton, stoughton 
and beyond.


© 2019 - 2025 page 1 seo design, all rights reserved.


responsive / mobile websites, website design, hosting & seo by page 1 seo design llc 
		





