



api flight school. learn to fly, pilot school, career flight training chicago, illinois, indiana






 










 















pilot license, learn to fly at api, the only flight school in chicago illinois. our pilot school has been providing flight training for over 
										  50 years. we are one of the oldest aviation flight training schools in the united states. train in chicago, illinois at midway airport. we offer individualized accelerated flying lessons for individuals who wish to become either a private pilot, commercial pilot, instrument rated pilot, or certified flight instructor or airline pilot.  become a pilot and get an exciting new view of life and the world.





flying an airplane 
										  is one of life's 
greatest experience, 
											  there is nothing else like it.






you are part of an
											  

elite group of individuals who have the knowledge 
										  and physical skills to be an 
											  airplane 

pilot.




 aviation professionals incorporated, 
										  also known as "api", 
										  is the only flight school in chicago 
										  and 
one of the oldest flight schools in the united 
											  states.




learning how to fly can be 
											  made easy if your instructor knows 
											  how to explane things in simple 
											  terms.




 for almost five decades, we have 
										  refined our training program so that 
										  it is one of the best in the world. 
										  	

 




this is accomplished with our unique 
										  	  
copyrighted simple method called
										  	  

“attitude 
										  flying”. 



attitude flying is achieved by having the student sit in the pilot’s seat while 
										  observing specific exterior parts of 
										  the airplane and those visual 
										  relationships to either the horizon, 
										  ground or runway.



these relationships
										  
instantly inform the pilot about 
										  altitude, bank, coordination and 
										  airspeed control.




our training 
											  

saves you money, time, and frustration 
										  while making you a more knowledgeable, 
										  responsive, efficient and safe pilot.




 to obtain your 
										  pilot certificates, the faa states you 
										  must be able to 
speak, 
										  read, write, and understand the 
										  english languag.




											  training can be accelerated 

											  weather permitting. 



on api’s staff is the 
2020 flight instructor of the year 
										  for the great lakes area.




 api has one of the best safety records in the 
										  industry 
										  and one of the 
highest ratings with the better 
										  business bureau.




 you only pay for each lesson as you take it. 
										  	there are no contracts to sign 
										  or dues to be paid.




 please click on the left side 
										  for more specific pilot information.




 we are open 7 days a week.



our email address is 


apimidway@gmail.com.




 call 773 284-5678 
										  for more information




                               
										  





                                                     
                                            aviation  professionals  incorporated
               
										                      api 
										  - chicago  midway  airport
                                                                                  call       
773  284 - 5678 



                                          
                                      email 
										   
										        

 


										  apimidway@gmail.com

                                     
										                                      open 7 days a week

                                    
										  

   
										  
                                            
										   you 
										  pay as you fly



                                                                         




   private   pilot   flight   training
 
a private pilot certificate means you are certified to fly 
                                                    an airplane, and take passengers with you. 


aviation professionals inc., also known as api is one of the oldest flight schools in the country.  for over the last 47 years api has developed a unique training technique called "attitude flying". our pilot training program will provide you with insights that makes flying simple, safe, and easy. learn to fly in an environment where talking to the control tower becomes second nature. accelerated flight school flying lessons are available. we can train at whatever rate that is comfortable for you. learn to fly at api flight school and get a different view of life.

   instrument   rating
                                                   
instrument rating qualifies you to fly the airplane solely by reference to flight instruments without seeing the ground.
aviation professionals inc., also known as 
                                                    api is one of the oldest instrument flight schools in the country.  for over the last 47 years api has developed a unique training technique called 
"instrument attitude flying". our pilot training program will teach you how to fly instruments in 
                                                    some of the world's busiest airspace. learn to fly instruments using flight simulators and real experience in our airplanes. our training syllabus has only 9 pages and is only available at api.
                                                    




    career  commercial  pilot
                                                   
 commercial pilot permits you to be legally be compensated for your ability to fly an airplane, and the    flight instructor certificate allow you to build flight time while being paid for teaching skills..
                                                      api's career program is designed to give you 
                                                    skills so that you have a competitive edge over 
                                                    your peers in the industry. you will fly and train in 
                                                some of the world's busiest airspace. you will obtain a private pilot certificate, commercial pilot certificate, instrument rating, and certified flight instructor certificate. api's program is designed to save you time and money. your will receive real world training from professional pilots.
 





stop dreaming and start flying. api is one of the oldest flight schools in the usa. learn to fly at a pilot school that has provided flight training for over 4 decades. our flight training school is located in chicago, illinois and offering accelerated flight school flying lessons for pilots who wish to acquire their private, commercial, instrument, and flight instructor certificates. get real world experience from professionals at commercial professional airports. our goal is to make your flying simple, safe, enjoyable and affordable.  you have already taken the 1st step, the next step is easy, just call us so that we can explain how we can assist you in becoming a pilot.
                                                                                                                                               
                                          
learn to fly at api


                                                                    who teaches you how to fly and 
										   
where you learn 
										    makes all the difference


















                                                                          email us|| home || flight training private pilot || instrument rating || career pilot training|| || pilot shops ||  ||  f a q 




