



posc: homepage




















home page
about posc

overview
what is posc? 
what does it look like? 
the three rules explained? 
what are the goals? 
who creates it? 
what has been the impact? 
the founding tenets 
visit our photo galleries 
recent recognitions 


workshops 
procession day

overview 
teacher/group checklist 
procession day schedule 
procession day logistics 
registration 
route map 
chalk in the streets 


get involved! 

overview 
donate funds 
donate art supplies 
come to fund raisers 


photos
outreach 

overview 
processions elsewhere, u.s. & world 


links 
history 

overview 
how did the procession begin? 
what has been the impact? 
the founding tenets 
visit our photo galleries 
those who fund the fun! 
history of the studio 
news articles 
community comments 


crew info 

overview 
open the studio 
welcoming people into the studio 
during your shift 
maintaining the studio 
safety instructions 
close the studio 
how to volunteer 


site map 
events 
calendar 
faqs 
contact info 
our sponsors! 

about posc/overview
the three rules
mission to empower communities to engage in cultural relationships with the natural world as a means of sustaining efforts of environmental protection and restoration.



created by the community, for the community ...  

 


the procession is rising!
30th anniversary ~ 1995-2025  
april 25th & april 26th 
luminary procession ~ friday ~ 8:30 pm 
procession of the species ~ saturday ~ 4:30 pm 
arts walk weekend ~ downtown olympia


the sun also rises....

  

we have an art studio!
 
yes! we are assured of yet another procession! we will be located at the olympia creative campus armory once more. and this time, we not only have all the bays of the armory downstairs, we also will have access to the entire annex building - end to end! - for large creations as well. 
 
even so, it's a new year. a renewed undertaking of effort and teamwork. a navigation of familiar terrain but of unknown climate. a venue to cherish equally as an aesthetic intersect of creative intellect and shared kindness. a balm of imagination, creation and sharing that invites resolution for the beauty of nature to reflect wholly within the world about us. 
 
and so, it is with the same uplifting vision and seasonal renewal of enthusiasm that we are all invited to create this year's 2025 procession! looking forward to seeing us all together once again! 



production crew 
 
studio set-up calendar

studio staging and load-in (from lott storage warehouse to armory) 
 february 13, thursday - noon to 4:00 pm 
 february 14, friday - noon to 4:00 pm 

 
notes: trucks, trailers and vans - along with gloves and muscles! this is a heavy lifting task replete with curses of "why do we have so much stuff and when are we going to get rid of it!" (next year for sure!) it is also a bummer because we cannot access the warehouse on a saturday, so there will be fewer of us at hand. 

armory studio staging set-up dates
 february 15, saturday - 10:00 to 4:00 pm 
 february 19, 20, 21, w-th-f - 3:00 to 8:00 pm 
 february 22, saturday - 10:00 to 4:00 pm 
 february 26, 27, 28, w-th-f - 3:00 to 8:00 pm 

 
notes: knee pads and gloves as we may be taping down a lot of tarps! 

special event: the studio is open! ~ saturday march 1st
 studio volunteer introductions & coffee meet-up - 9:00 to 10:00 am 
 studio volunteer orientation & operation guidelines - 10:00 to 11:00 am 
 art workshop presentations & planning sessions - noon to 6:00 pm 
 public art supply donation drop-off - noon to 6:00 pm 

 
notes: the public is welcome to listen-in and begin art projects. but the main emphasis is bringing crew volunteers up to speed with layout, art styles, greeting procedures, as well as fill-in the staffing calendar and coordinator positions, etc. this is a great day for classroom teachers, group leaders and would-be art instructors to attend! 

the studio is open to the public! ~ march studio hours
 saturdays - 10:00 to 6:00 pm 
 sundays - noon - 6:00 pm 
 wednesdays, thursdays, fridays - 3:00 to 8:00 pm 

 
notes: every saturday there will be a production crew meet-up and studio debrief between 9 and 10 am. coffee and pastries mostly provided and always encouraged! 

special event: official open house & dance fundraiser march 8th!
 studio volunteer & coffee meet-up - 9:00 to 10:00 am 
 studio open house - tours & workshops - 10:00 to 6:00 pm 
 public art supply donation drop-off - noon to 6:00 pm 
 dance fundraiser set-up - 2:00 to 7:00 pm 
 dance fundraiser event - 7:30 to 10:30 pm 

 
notes: this is its own production for set-up and decorating - and of course dancing. so even if you are not on the schedule for a studio shift, we will need your help from collecting tickets to putting on tablecloths. 



  



and just in case you missed it...

hear ye! hear ye!
 
year-end awards have the 2024 procession thrice proclaimed as best event of the year! 

first:

by voter submissions to the olympian's "2024 best of south sound magazine":

"annual events and festivals: winner - gold standard"
 

second:

by the washington festivals and events association:

"south puget sound event of the year 2024"
 

third:

by the washington festivals and events association, again:

statewide grand award winner: 
 
"washington state 2024 event of the year: 
 
small - mid-sized market event"
 

finally:
 
congratulations, everyone! we achieved an awesome success! not just with these awards and recognitions, but rather (and much more importantly) by maintaining our vision of nature, kindness, acceptance, and creativity throughout the entire 2024 procession celebration! 

~ eli



beribboned with the resplendent rise of reflection ~ we truly revived the impassioned joy of a community in self-recognition! 
 
we literally made it! from luminary magic thru rain-twinged delight! for all involved in the production of this year's 2024 procession celebration, and especially for those crewing the procession art studio, may we too recognize, that the success of our invitation was a credit to both our presentation and facilitation. the art studio was alive with the gifts of mutual scheming, spontaneous sharing, dramatic creating, and the welcoming inclusivity of our community's participation. and all was reflected in the thousands of smiles along every block of the procession route. so very much for us all to be proud of.... all the way around! 
 
and now that we have cheered-on the reviews of photos and videos with grand conviviality, regaled our stories with friends and families, and wiped the glitter from our eyes, it is time to turn to the gallant task of storing all things away. and while this one last effort is the resultant task of not having a year-round procession art studio, its effort will hold, nevertheless, a vivid recollection of what is possible; of what could be next. 

congratulations to all! -eli



the procession of the species art studio brings the community together for a greater cause - thurstontalk article






 lions & tigers & bears, oh my! procession studio moves into olympia armory creative campus (youtube.com)
 olympia history... the origins of the procession of the species, thurstontalk
 return of the "procession of the species", works in progress (olywip.org)
 the olympian - reborn procession of the species invites all to open house and fundraiser
 procession of the species celebration is back
 olympia's procession of the species announces return for 2024, but volunteers needed
 procession of the species will return in 2024

 
with minimal public funding we are dependant on your generous donations.  if you would like to send a donation please address your check to earthbound productions and mail it to: p.o. box 7192, olympia 98507. 

the staff and volunteers at earthbound productions,  
along with the community of south puget sound and beyond,  
shout a hearty on-going 
 "thank you!"  to all of our fabulous funders throughout the years!

 

upcoming events
the procession is powered by you!
 donate  
 volunteer  
 register  
enjoy images of the events 
waiver and release form





  earthbound prod. - po box 7192, olympia, wa 98507 - 360-705-2331 - agatemoons@yahoo.com
non-discrimination statement:  earthbound productions does not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, disabilities, age, status as a veteran, national origin, or any other protected classes.
  copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved
  updated 2025/01/30 13:39:12
...website by scott bishop, olympia's volunteer webguy...

