










income tax division - city of columbus, ohio























































opens in new tab or window 






columbus provides notification and extends credit monitoring

working with federal authorities and cybersecurity experts, the city of columbus continues its investigation and response to a july cybersecurity incident. click here for more information on the division of fire notification.
learn more

close this announcement






skip to main content






quick links


careers311facebookyoutubexinstagram



english (united states) select this as your preferred languagefrench select this as your preferred languagenepali select this as your preferred languagespanish select this as your preferred languagesomali select this as your preferred languagearabic select this as your preferred language



            select a language to translate to
		




english (united states) select this as your preferred languagefrench select this as your preferred languagenepali select this as your preferred languagespanish select this as your preferred languagesomali select this as your preferred languagearabic select this as your preferred language









					city of columbus, ohio - home - logo
					



open search



menu








services

sub-menu

food protection programsubmit a request or report (311)make a paymentsub-menu

pay a healthcare billpay for parkingpay for a permit or licensepay taxestrash, recycling & bulk collectionsub-menu

find my collection dayhousehold trash collectionbulk collectionyard waste collectionplan your own litter cleanuprecyclinghow to dispose or recyclehousing & assistance programssub-menu

housing programsapply for residential tax incentivesapply for a short term rental permitpublic utilitiessub-menu

power outage mapreport a water main breakabout public utilitiesparking & street servicessub-menu

parking kiosks & mobile paymentmobility & parking servicesreport a potholefind street & road projectspublic healthsub-menu

get a birth or death certificatepatient portal and recordsmake a paymentreport an illness or problemfind health care resourcesenvironmental healthhealth inspection resultspublic health careersabout public healthhealthy moms and babiespublic safetysub-menu

file a police reportfind a police reportdivision of policedivision of firepolice & fire careersalternative crisis responseemergency communications centerdepartment of public safety resourceslook up 311 request

community
sub-menu

recreation and parkssub-menu

city of columbus recreation & parksparks & trailsactivities & eventssub-menu

activities & eventsupcoming eventsfind a programfacilities & venuessub-menu

facilities & venuesreserve a shelteranimals & petssub-menu

get an animal permitdog tag searchone health intern programticksneighborhoodssub-menu

search the knowledge basehealthy placeskeep columbus beautifulwhat's in my neighborhood?area commission maplibrarieseducationnew resident informationgetting aroundsub-menu

public transportationbikingbicycle registrationtourismdata and interactive maps (gis)

business & development
sub-menu

get a permitsub-menu

get or track a building permitget a right of way permitget a short term rental permitbuilding & zoning servicessub-menu

online servicesdocuments & formscode enforcementbzs frequently asked questionszoningboards and commissionsdivision of weights & measureslicense sectionsub-menu

contractor licensesbusiness resourcesbids & solicitationssub-menu

notices to bidrfpsvendor resourceseconomic developmentsub-menu

smartcolumbusplanningbusiness attraction & expansioninfrastructure improvementsmall businesssite selection webpagecapital improvement projectssub-menu

enhanced meter projectpower circuit projectneighborhood water cipsneighborhood sewer cipsstormwater cipsblueprint cipscitizen access portalcity codes & regulationsdesign & constructionsub-menu

street & road projectsupcoming contractspublic service project fact sheets

government
sub-menu

mayor's officesub-menu

about mayor andrew j. gintherpress releasescity boards, commissions & committeesinitiativescabinetsustainable columbusoffice of diversity and inclusionexecutive ordersstate of the citycolumbus city councilsub-menu

meeting schedules & agendasnews releases & informationstanding committeescouncilmemberscouncil residential districtscouncil vacancydirectorycity auditorsub-menu

about the city auditorabout this officeaaa bond ratingbond and note reportsoffice newspafr reportstax budgetfinancial reportsincome tax divisioninspector generalsub-menu

civilian police review boardcity attorneymunicipal courtjobs: find your career with the city of columbussub-menu

civil service exam informationpolice officer recruitmentfirefighter jobsall public service jobspublic health jobsmunicipal court clerkdepartmentswatch ctv live streamethics & campaign finance

311
sub-menu

download the mobile appaccount servicesupdates








search













you are here : 


home
/

government/

		city auditor
	
/

income tax division









income tax division


file your taxes online

tax payment and tax return processing delays

the quickest and most efficient manner to pay and file your taxes is by using crisp at crisp.columbus.gov. using a method other than crisp.columbus.gov may result in delays. at this time we are experiencing significant delays with the processing of tax payments and tax returns sent via usps.

2025 filing season information
the deadline for filing 2024 individual tax returns is april 15, 2025. everything you need to file can be found on the filing season information page.


reminder: estimated tax payments
individuals and businesses expecting to owe $200.00 or more in columbus income tax for the current year are required to make quarterly estimated tax payments. these quarterly estimated payments must total at least 90% of the total tax liability shown on the current year tax return or at least 100% of the total tax liability shown on the previous year’s income tax return.
if estimated payments total an amount less than either of these criteria, or if payments are not made by the due dates listed below, you will be subject to penalty and interest.
state of ohio laws governing estimated tax payments can be found here.





 estimated payment due

 calendar year

 fiscal year



 declaration/1st estimate
            
 april 15th
            
 15th day of 4th month of fiscal year
            


 2nd quarter payment
            
 june 15th
            
 15th day of 6th month of fiscal year
            


 3rd quarter payment
            
 september 15th
            
 15th day of 9th month of fiscal year
            


 4th quarter payment (corporate)
            
 december 15th
            
 15th day of 12th month of fiscal year
            


 4th quarter payment (individual)
            
 january 15th

 







pay online
login to your crisp account and use electronic check or credit card.
*no service charge when using a credit card
pay by mail
individuals use form ir-pv(pdf, 659kb)
 
businesses use form br-pv(pdf, 658kb)


are you expecting a refund?
the quickest way to check your refund status is to access your account directly on crisp (crisp.columbus.gov). please have your filed tax return in front of you for verification purposes.
we are experiencing significant processing delays this tax season and appreciate your patience. some returns may take longer to process than others due to incomplete returns and/or missing documentation. unless you receive a letter from us requesting additional information, your return is still being processed. we will follow all legal requirements regarding payment of interest when issuing refunds.
again, feel free to go to crisp.columbus.gov for the most up to date information.
return processing information
the most efficient and effective way to file tax returns and make payments for city of columbus income tax is through crisp (columbus revenue information service portal) at crisp.columbus.gov. effective september 26, 2022, all tax returns and payments not submitted through crisp (columbus revenue information service portal) are forwarded to and processed by our banking partner, jpmorgan chase in a secure, state of the art facility. the decision to process mail in this manner was made to enhance the security of your sensitive information, improve staff productivity by automating manual processes, and disaster recovery/continuity of operations. by processing mail through jpmorgan chase, we can ensure that your information is handled with the utmost care and protection within a trusted and secure facility. you can expect the same level of service and attention to detail that you have come to expect from the city of columbus. if you have any questions or concerns regarding this change, please do not hesitate to contact us at 614-645-7370. we appreciate your cooperation and understanding as we take steps to safeguard your sensitive information.


crisp: now live! 
our state-of-the-art columbus revenue information service portal (crisp) is now live! crisp will be your launch pad for columbus taxes. you will be able to register to file and pay local income taxes (individual/business/withholding) and check your refund status, estimated payments made, etc. via this safe and user-friendly portal. tax preparers with multiple clients and bulk withholding filers will be able to utilize the enhanced features of this portal as well.
otus, our chatbot (owl, right) will help you navigate the crisp system. otus is available 24/7/365 to assist all of you – including night owls and early birds – with whatever questions you may have. 

mailing addresses
the city of columbus, division of income tax is strongly encouraging taxpayers to go to: crisp.columbus.gov to file your returns and make payments.
the division is also no longer accepting tax returns or payments in person at 77 n. front street, 2nd floor columbus, ohio 43215 and if you are unable to file and pay online, please use the mailing addresses below. 
note that all paper tax returns and payments are forwarded to and processed by our banking partner, jpmorgan chase in a secure, state of the art facility (see “return processing information”).

payment enclosed (business & individual):
columbus income tax division
po box 182158
columbus, oh 43218-2158
no payment enclosed (business & individual):
columbus income tax division
po box 182437
columbus, oh 43218-2437
withholding (payments & no payments):
employer withholding tax
po box 182489
columbus, oh 43218-2489
correspondence:
columbus income tax division
po box 183190
columbus, oh 43218-3190

payment plans and assistance
taxpayers who are unable to pay their full tax balance may be eligible for assistance. for more information, please contact our division.

the columbus income tax division provides the service of collection, audit, and enforcement of the 2.5% income tax for the city of columbus, as well as the excise lodging tax for the city of columbus and the franklin county convention and facilities authority. we serve those who live, work, and conduct business in columbus in order to make sure that everyone pays their fair share.





					filing & payment information
				










					tax facts
				










					tax municipalities
				










					general income tax information
				










					tax forms
				
		
					tax forms to file individual and corporate income taxes
				









			income tax home
		


filing season information
filing & payment information 
tax municipalities 
hotel-motel & str excise tax
admissions tax
tax forms
newsletters
tax codes
tax facts 




			contact
		


income tax division
contact us
hours
monday - friday
9:00 am - 4:00 pm




			property search
		


delaware county auditor
fairfield county auditor
franklin county auditor
licking county auditor
madison county auditor
pickaway county auditor
union county auditor




			related links
		


irs
state of ohio
ohio revised code
tax fraud and identity theft
sales tax form
school district
usps zip code lookup




			subscribe for email alerts
		


sign up through govdelivery











back to top








contact us
city hall
90 west broad street
columbus, ohio 43215
view on map
phone: (614) 645-3111
 

get involved
 

services




community




business & development




government




quick links
 

311




jobs




pay bills




sign up for email updates




city ordinances




get social
 

facebook




twitter




youtube




ctv











disclaimer & copyright | privacy statement | sitemap



                                    © 2025 city of columbus, ohio | powered by granicus














