n



  



californians for nebraska, official university of nebraska alumni chapter

















happenings


tickets



join


scholarship
























        			preserving & promoting nebraska tradition & spirit in southern california since 1903
        			













					contact cfn: email cfnp.o. box 51986irvine, ca 92619
					






nebraska game day package fundraiser
become a winner of colorado vs nebraska football tickets and hotel package.. more info...





californians for nebraska annual picnic
join fellow friends, fans and alumni of the university of nebraska...more info...






we invite you to join californians for nebraska
					with your membership, you will be supporting programs and events sponsored by cfn. we sponsor a scholarship program, official watch sites, 
					picnics, the web site, annual spring event and our newsletter. join today to begin your part in continuing our tradition.
					
					you can apply for membership online or by mail. 
					we accept online payment with master card, visa, american express and discover. it's the quick, convenient way to become a member of 
					californians for nebraska. all of our transactions are done via secure server to protect your credit card and personal information.
					
					it’s still only $25 annually so take a minute to join today!
					join or renew now:


pay $25 cfn membership dues
renewal members can donate the cost of the membership packet back to the scholarship fund by skipping this year.  cfn will provide upon request personal home mailing labels and a cfn koozie if members send an email to cfninformation@gmail.com





unl alumnus
yes 
no 
 









new members complete the form below or download the membership form to pay by mail:


*name:
        					

*email:
        					

*phone:
        					

cell phone:
        					

i'm from:
        					


address:
        					

city:
        					



state:
          					



zip:
          					







human test (leave blank):
        				













					cfn is an organization of friends, fans and alumni of the university of nebraska that have joined together in support of the university's academic and atletic programs. californians for nebraska supports the university of nebraska by coordinating activities among graduates, former and present 
					students, friends and others having an interest in the university of nebraska and the state of nebraska.
president - kent wiedel
					past president - david max, bob semm
					recording & corresponding secretary - jenna olson
					treasurer - greg ott
					membership chairperson(s) – cindy henry
					scholarship chairperson – julie burleson
					facebook administrator - stephanie olsen
					merchandising chairperson – tamara dietrich
					website chairperson - mike nelson
					legal counsel - claire johnson
					senior advisors - jody royce, dave mcgowan, erik van fleet, and kenny lautenschlager
					







				copyright © 2015 californians for nebraska. all rights reserved.
				use of this site is subject to our terms of use and	privacy policies.
			

				site by  graphic design by dianne
















