






gramercy mansion b&b | carriage house - baltimore, md



































































































 410.486.2405
 make a reservation
 purchase a gift certificate
 book a tour







visit our baltimore city location: 1840s plaza
visit our pikesville location: grey rock mansion


guest rooms

bed and breakfast room rates
ambassador’s room
aphrodite’s retreat
bar harbor room
garden suite
camelot room
cassatt suite
country room
hunt room
magnolia room
tower room
tudor room


specials/packages

b&b specials
packages
gift items


weddings/parties

introduction
gramercy mansion wedding & party rental rates
the carriage house wedding & party rental rates
lgbtq+ weddings & celebrations
all inclusive wedding package
platinum wedding weekend package
baby/bridal showers
celebration of life
wedding resources
frequently asked questions
testimonials


elopements/proposals

ceremony only
proposals/engagements


corporate/seminars

gramercy mansion
the carriage house


gallery

monthly videos


plan your stay

plan your stay
breakfast
wine suppers & special events


contact us

history


 







































































make a reservation online, or call our front desk at 410.486.2405

availability chart
make a reservation
check a current reservation
purchase gift certificate









welcome to maryland’s award-winning wedding & event venue

gramercy mansion bed & breakfast

plan a romantic getaway, wedding, corporate retreat, seminar, party or special celebration at gramercy mansion bed & breakfast and the carriage house. just minutes from baltimore’s inner harbor, museums, art galleries and fine dining; 1.7 miles from johns hopkins greenspring station/lutherville-timonium. also near stevenson university and many other colleges, hospitals and private schools; and an hour from washington d.c., the secluded location is even more treasured for its convenience!
choose from a variety of eleven elegant bed & breakfast rooms and suites featuring antiques and artwork, whirlpool tubs and fireplaces. wake up to a delicious breakfast served from a menu and prepared to order each morning featuring culinary herbs from our very own, koinonia organic farm, maryland’s oldest certified organic farm located on the property.
gramercy’s beautifully-landscaped gardens set the scene for your romantic wedding ceremony and reception. gramercy mansion and the gardens, as well as a charming carriage house, may be reserved for corporate and private events year round. our innkeepers graciously welcome, accept and respect all couples, families, and guests at our venue. we also have an on-site e/v charging station available for our guests, free of charge.
visit the specials page to view the room of the month, last-minute discounts, romance, massage and special occasion packages. we also provide special accommodations available for stevenson university visitors and johns hopkins patients. we look forward to helping plan your stay and welcoming you as our guests!
stay updated on events and news about the mansion by signing up for our newsletter here.
share this:click to share on facebook (opens in new window)click to share on twitter (opens in new window)click to share on pinterest (opens in new window)click to share on linkedin (opens in new window)click to share on tumblr (opens in new window)click to share on reddit (opens in new window)click to share on pocket (opens in new window)click to email this to a friend (opens in new window)click to print (opens in new window) 




upcoming events
view all






february room of the month – camelot suite


sample the pleasures of the magical camelot room, a suite fit for royalty. this second-floor guest room is elegantly appointed with a king-size bed and private sitting room with a marble gas fireplace. the spacious bathroom features a rain shower and lavish double whirlpool tub accented by sweet cherubs. sip an evening glass of wine or a morning cup of tea on the juliet balcony overlooking the valley and landscaped gardens.

camelot suite - $325 a night - savings of $100! (sunday through thursday only)
this room of the month special is available for the specified room above only, based on availability and must be mentioned at time of booking reservation. new reservations only. b&b specials may not be combined. discounted offer is available when reserving the guest room during that month only.











event venues
lavish gardens at the mansion or the carriage house are waiting to be the backdrop for your special occasion, elopement, corporate retreat, or seminar from 2 to 150 guests. our downtown location, the 1840s plaza, is another beautiful option for your event needs. 

learn more



meet our team
our team of innkeepers is family-oriented, and we look forward to making your visit a memorable experience. enjoy the stories behind the smiling faces that greet you during your stay at gramercy! we hope to see you at the mansion soon.

learn more



koinonia farm
koinonia organic farm is the oldest organic farm in maryland, and we use our fresh herbs during breakfast each morning, delighting the senses of our b&b guests! our passion is to provide consumers with fresh and local herbs for all of their culinary needs. 

learn more
























recent news from our blog
hollywood comes to gramercy

here on the east coast, we marylander's don't get the chance to experience the glitz and the glamour that com… read more 
how does she do it?

meet doris, an employee since april 25, 1997







acting as housekeeping manager, she cooks 4 days out of t… read more 
embracing nature: a day in olinda’s garden

meet olinda, an employee since 2006



step into olinda's world, where the day begins with a symphony of cluc… read more 


receive our newsletter

join our email club to receive special offers and discounts.







contact gramercy mansion

 1400 greenspring valley roadstevenson, md 21153
 410.486.2405
 info@gramercymansion.com












home
guest rooms
b&b specials
weddings/parties
ceremonies/elopements
corporate/seminars
gallery
plan your stay
contact us
site map
 copyright © 2025 gramercy mansion | all rights reserved | privacy policywebsite design & marketing provided by adventure web interactive













send to email address

your name

your email address




cancel

				post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				email check failed, please try again			

				sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			


























