


wham! records










 












































































tony scheuren's album 'gaining on you' and barbeque bob maglinte's 'live at the waterfront' are now both available in the wham records store!

 
overcoming primitive conditions and using only 
                  the most basic equipment tony's original self-engineered 
                  analog recordings range in sound from gorgeous to stark. 
                  though these songs were intended originally as demos, due to 
                  tony's uncompromising nature these self-produced efforts do 
                  not sound like artifacts - they live and breath, modern in 
                  their timelessness - and virtually beg for discerning ears. 
                  though much of its beauty lies in its simplicity, his 
                  arranging skills and virtuosity with the four-track recorder 
                  enabled him to construct subtle layers of instruments and 
                  vocals to be enjoyed by those who wish to delve deep between 
                  the grooves, sure to bear pleasure again and again with 
                  repeated listening.



"like every great artist, he 
                  has left us with a landmark to his heart, soul and spirit." - 
                  keith "muzikman" hannaleck
this is a recording that instantly stirs the 
                  emotions. beautifully structured, and passionately written 
                  from different perspectives - a timeless microcosmic picture 
                  is provided of longing, living, loss, and acquired wisdom 
                  through experience. ranging from breakneck to breathtaking 
                  full-band arrangements to heart-warming, whisper-close 
                  solitary acoustic piano or guitar accompaniments, the styles 
                  interact to create a truly distinctive album, unfolding as a 
                  conversation. sparse or complex an end result is often 
                  reminiscent of a cinematic experience. the accompaniments set 
                  up the lyrics and underlie the melodies very intentionally, 
                  whether in a earthy way, or at other times more pristine. 
                  nothing glib, nothing offhand. every stroke is deliberate, 
                  purposely chosen and deeply felt, provoking images as the song 
                  is accurately and compassionately conveyed heart to 
                  heart.
                  
scheuren single-handedly created these 
                    pearls - with his talents and impeccable voice of range and 
                    ability - it's a no gimmick approach.
                    posthumous release. tony died at the age of 
                    45. 
                    comparisons from james taylor to rosie 
                    thomas; brian wilson to sondre lerche; nick drake to townes 
                    van zandt, carole king to ron sexsmith. 
                    frequent contributor to national lampoon 
                    radio hour; songwriter/performer of neil young parody 
                    "southern california brings me down"


"the amazing thing about 'gaining on you' 
                  is that mr. scheuren doesn't just recapitulate, but resurrects 
                  the style of 70's country-pop and pop-rock - he ups the ante 
                  at every turn." phil rogers (read 
                  the full review)

"through his family's efforts, tony 
                  scheuren may find his place as another fabled musical 
                  archetype, the creative artist more recognized in death than 
                  in life." matt whorf, the hingham journal (read 
                  the full review)

                  
"gaining on you proves once again 
                  that obscurity doesn't necessarily obscure true talent, and 
                  that the fears of the artist towards his or her muse might be 
                  the only thing holding them back from deserved greatness." 
                  joseph kyle (read the full review)
                  
whatever song you start with this cd takes off 
                  from there and rolls along the best americana highway of rock, 
                  pop, folk, backporch, and heavenly. each song illuminates the 
                  next with character, inviting listeners of all ages. a few 
                  songs with spiritual connotations, while powerful, are 
                  soothing and reassuring. sensitive to magic you want to share. 
                  the first of an eventual four releases, making available all 
                  of scheuren's self-produced recordings, this promises to be a 
                  deep well of refreshing, life-giving music.



































 


     


 


 










copyright 2017, 
.

all rights reserved.

