








home - adorers of the blood of christ














































































			skip to content		





new video featured – february 14, 2025 – the beatification of john merlini

in this video, we adorers got together on january 12 to celebrate the beatification of john merlini and the 100th birthday of our sr. leona. we enjoy getting together to pray, share a meal, and spend time together.













stories, prayers, and reflectionschildren’s liturgyin the newsobituariessister logincontact

menumenuabout us






	welcome


we are a community of adorers of the blood of christ religious sisters and those inspired by our values and spirituality.


learn more about us
 


our roots

our foundress: st. maria de mattiasour u.s. historymartyrs of charity 
 


who we are

our spiritualityprecious blood familyleadership team 
 


how we serve

our ministriesmissions and foundationssponsored ministrieschildren’s liturgy 
 


our stories

stories, prayers, and reflectionsjubileeshabits podcastbooksobituariesin the news 
 
 

share life with us






	share life with us


	our asc family includes all of the men and women who connect with our spirituality. we have a place for you.


see the ways to join us
 


become a sister

are you called to vowed religious life?frequently asked questions / glossary 
 


find your path

sojournersassociatesmission associatesjunior associates 
 


vietnam mission

our vietnamese sisters 
 
 

justice / social action






	justice & social action


	since our founding, we have stood for justice and our dear neighbor.


learn about our work
 


priorities

anti-racismenvironmentimmigrationnon-violenceadvocacywealth inequality 
 


where we stand

official statementsland ethicstatement on gun controlstatement on death penalty 
 
 

contact usdonate

  
  








courageouscompassionatecommitted

adorers of the blood of christ
we are a community of passionate women working to heal a broken world through ministry to our dear neighbors.





courageous. compassionate. committed.
courageouscompassionatecommitted
adorers of the blood of christ
we are a community of passionate women working to heal a broken world through ministry to our dear neighbors.




we see god’s spirit in each other.
we have been responding to the urgent and fiery spirit of our charism since our founding by st. maria de mattias in 1834. 
our spirituality is based on the belief that when jesus died on the cross, his blood poured forth into all of humanity. his death and resurrection give us hope, forgiveness, eternal life, and a sense that we are all interconnected.
we work for social equality, provide pastoral care, offer retreats, and advocate for immigrants, among other ministries.
learn more about us




watch to learn more about the asc history and mission





stories, prayers, and reflections
deeper lovefebruary 13, 2025being present with my sistersjanuary 27, 2025congratulations to sr. kristen forgotch, asc, on her perpetual profession of vowsjanuary 23, 2025jpic bits around the regionjanuary 17, 2025
see all stories and reflections


the adorers on facebook
comments box svg iconsused for the like, share, comment, and reaction icons



					adorers of the blood of christ				
 


	 2 days ago  







tomorrow is valentine’s day and it is often seen as a celebration of romantic love, but at its core, it is an invitation to reflect on the deeper, divine love that sustains all relationships. god’s love is unconditional, infinite, and ever-present—a love that does not waver based on circumstances or emotions. as 1 john 4:7 reminds us, "beloved, let us love one another, for love is from god."  want to read more? visit our website to read a more reflections:  www.https://adorers.org/category/stories-prayers-and-reflections/#deeperlove #valentinesday #discernment #adorersus #ascfamily 
… see moresee less




see more facebook posts on our site








you have a home hereyou can deepen your faith and find community by joining the asc family. 
our asc family includes men and women of all ages coming together in spirit and service. come share prayer, conversation, and ministry with us.
are you called to vowed religious life?see all the ways to join our family





new leadership team elected
the adorers of the blood of christ have elected a u. s. region leadership team for the 2024-2028 term.

read more





justice, peace, and integrity for all
we feel strongly that social justice is the way to peace in our world. we stand for immigrants, racial justice, the sacredness of life, and the preciousness of our earth.
learn about our justice work & advocacyread our stances on the issues










we’d love to hear from you!drop us a line with your questions or comments using the form below.

	notice: javascript is required for this content.











 




support our mission
above all, we are courageous, committed, compassionate women dedicated to our global community. we continue the vital work started by our foundress to bring about a beautiful order of things by caring for those around us. 
your generosity will enable us to carry on our mission for years to come.
donate now





sincere thanks to david parry and fernando salazar for many of the lovely photos used throughout the website.







about us
the asc family is a community of adorers of the blood of christ religious sisters and those inspired by our values and spirituality. the adorers were founded by st. maria de mattias in italy and came to the united states in 1870. today, we work for justice, peace, and love for our dear neighbor all over the world.



get in touchmain offices (u.s. mission center)
4233 sulphur avenue, saint louis, missouri 63109314-351-6294fax: 314-351-6789contact ussee other locations


connectwith the asc family
facebookinstagram @adorersusyoutube
sign up for our monthly newsletter




© 2025 adorers of the blood of christ, us region


careers & employment • employees • sister login • privacy

























































