   home - the money coach™    
866-494-2461

facebook


x


instagram


rss


facebook


x


instagram


rss




homewho we areclientsdocumentswhat we doget in touch1-866-494-2561
select page
the personal finance experts you can trust™
schedule a call nowfollowfollowfollowfollowfeatured inmoney problems are more common than you think.
money problems are more common than you think.financial stress affects individuals of all socio-economic backgrounds. it impacts worker productivity, breaks up marriages, and keeps people from achieving their goals – like finishing college, buying a home, starting a business, or saving for retirement.we specialize in helping people improve their financial wellness and financial literacy skills, thereby decreasing their money-related stress.
learn moreclosing the wealth gapa big part of our “why” is helping communities of color, women, and underserved populations who have long faced enormous savings and wealth gaps.for us, the term “financial inclusion” isn’t just a trendy phrase. it’s about providing the necessary wealth-building knowledge, access and tools to people of all backgrounds. so we’re serious about supporting organizations that want to help close the wealth gap, and those that recognize that when you financially empower individuals and families, you build strong communities, a more equitable society, and a stronger nation too.
learn more

money impacts every area of people’s lives: their work, career, relationships, health and more.lynnette khalfani-cox, the money coachⓡceo and co-founderabout uswe possess the unique ability to educate, motivate and inspire audiences of all types.
who we are
what we doexperiencedtwo decades of providing financial solutions have given us, and our clients, a track record of success.trustedtrust is everything in financial services. we’re proud of our pristine reputation, and that we occupy a place of utmost trust among consumers and organizations alike.knowledgeablewe know your audience’s financial pain points. we’ve worked on countless financial wellness initiatives for every type of organization…from nonprofits to fortune 100 companies.unbiasedwe sell no products like investments or insurance, and we accept no commissions. so, our recommendations and advice are 100% based on what’s in the best interest of your people. period.money mattersafter nearly 20 years in business, we know that everyone has different financial issues, needs and goals. consequently, we offer content, curriculum, consulting and financial workshops across a broad range of categories, including :budgeting /  saving moneycredit reports and credit scoresdebt management/ debt eliminationfinancial planningfintechhomeownership and real estateinvesting / cryptocurrenciesinsuranceretirementstocks and bondsstudent loans/ college financingwealth buildinginsights
here’s what the “black tax” does to so many families (vox)here’s the most personal essay i’ve ever written about my life and upbringing in a family that struggled economically. it’s a side of the money coach few people know, including my mother’s hardships as a single parent, our times on food stamps and even dealing with homelessness. last month, during...read more
lynnette khalfani-cox: ‘there’s a huge wealth gap in america’ podcastwhen the hosts of the morningstar, inc. podcast, the long view, asked me to discuss the wealth gap and my own financial story, they probably didn’t know i was going to get into reparations, distrust of the financial services industry and more, lol … major kudos to them, however, for going with it...read more
a lesson in economic violencethe tragic murder of  george floyd (#georgefloyd) highlighted the heinous reality of racism, police brutality, and the legacy of racial violence in america. but if we're going to truly address this country's ills, we must name, condemn and fix economic violence too. first, a definition. economic...read more
16635 spring cypress rd. ste 1381cypress, tx 77429-1713office: (866) 494-2461email: admin@themoneycoach.netthemoneycoach.netearl coxlynnette khalfani-coxfollowfollowfollowfollowhow can we help?
first name:

last name:

email:

phone:

company/organization name:

how did you hear about us?
how did you hear about us?web searchreferralmedia articleother

your message:

get in touch
copyright ©2024 themoneycoach.net, llcthe personal finance experts you can trust™, money coach university™, askthemoneycoach.com™ are trademarks of themoneycoach.netlynnette khalfani-cox, the money coach® is a registered trademark of lynnette khalfani-coxall rights reserved.        



