






voi/nnh enterprise















valuation opinions, inc.













home


about


services


papers













don't do things to prove others wrong, do things to prove you right.
- author: mohammed khan








 







about voi
valuation opinions, inc. was founded in 1983.  we provide cost effective intranet solutions for large, medium, and small organizations. we provide management consulting services. we specialize in web and database development and design tailored for internal management systems. we are always adding new services for our clients and continue to add improvements in technology and design as they occur.  we think of our customers as partners and we are committed in assisting them in the quest for success.  ceo's resume
critical skills
 critical skills and knowledge are uniquely linked. we evaluate projects and concerns using logical thought to arrive at the best solution. these skills can be trusted to make decisions without the need constant handholding. critical thinking abilities are some of the most sought-after skills, and have always been a part of voi core business practices. the following is a set of skills that voi have developed, and continue to approve on:

 problem solving
voi prides itself on the ability to solve multi-dimensional problems that have a range of potential solutions through: accurate definition of the problem, effective collection and analysis of relevant data, the use of appropriate modes for solution testing and the use of solid decision making strategies for choosing the best solution.
 decision making and critical thinking
with a firm understanding of the risks, voi has the ability to make intelligent, rational decisions on an effective problem solving strategy. the ability to analyze, synthesize, and evaluate all kinds of information is the very heart of the critical thinking process is how voi builds strong long lasting 
  informational systems.
organization
by listening to the customers desires and needs, voi manages time, resources, and work scope to tackle the specified task or objective. with discrimination, voi prioritizes task oriented activities and diversionary activities. communication and understanding become the primary key to successful project completion.










































copyright ©  2024, 2025 valuation opinions, inc.












