







squirrel nut zippers








































































































              home
            

              photos
            

        store
      

            tour
          

            contact
          




































































































homephotosstoretourcontact


















scroll


















squirrel nut zippers present jazz from the back o’ towna musical journey to the birthplace of jazz in 1920s new orleans the squirrel nut zippers jazz from the back ‘o town show is an intriguing look at the birth of jazz, focused on the prodigious musical neighborhood of new orleans called back o’ town.  the squirrel nut zippers present a delightful view into a magical era of the late 19th century through the roaring 20s in new orleans’ back o’ town neighborhood.  performing reverent yet exciting renditions of such seminal nola classics as jelly roll morton’s “animule ball,” louis armstrong’s “back o’ town blues,” the zippers also perform favorites from their own catalog adapted and arranged to more closely echo the sounds of 1920s new orleans. throughout the show, the band offers humorous, insightful musings on both the musical history of one of america’s most fascinating cities and the stories and inspirations behind many of the zippers’ most beloved songs.  performed in era appropriate attire, but not so much a period piece as a living peek-behind-the-curtain of inspiration and celebration.  the platinum selling group has sold over three million albums to-date, with their watershed album, hot (1996), making them a household name. recorded in the heat of new orleans, fueled by a smoldering mix of booze and a youthful hunger to unlock the secrets of old-world jazz, this pivotal release was just the beginning for the band.  since then, snz has unveiled such hits as beasts of burgundy (2018), which debuted at #4 on the billboard jazz albums chart, and christmas caravan (1998), which went on to sell a quarter of a million copies and reach #12 on the billboard holiday albums chart.   their most recent record lost songs of doc souchon debuted in late 2020. it featured 10 tracks – a combination of newly-penned zippers songs, along with a few tunes from past times – and has received acclaim from fans and critics alike. 

 











mardi gras for christmasbecause… why wouldnt we want such a thing?



alone for christmasa heartwarming ballad we can all relate to…

 

still by popular demand!lost songs of doc souchon 

 

10 new studio recordings available on glorious compact disc(so you can hold it in your hands). buy your copy directly from the band, right now!




    order now
  










album cover photo: brittany markert









get email updates from the zippers!














 


















photo: alex holeman





“mariuch she make a da hootchie ma cooch” standing in the center of a vast circular piece of hand embroidered lace, a cosmic doily stitched by the creator, it is a solid knot at the center where i stand.  as i look out the patterns become visible.  the threads of american music are as intertwined and hand embroidered as the lace in my visions.  the techniques, inspiration and poetry tangled exquisitely into the past. the ancients believed music was integral to life, that this world, the planets actually vibrated to notes.  poets chimed in to create impressive lasting monuments to humanity.  we are but notes in the great cosmos and our sound waves exist in space in perpetual vibration. songs are small portals to the great cosmic heebie jeebie, the superspirit.  these songs… whether symphony or street songs, are solid and practical, useful like a hammer and chisel, a cadillac car.  an anathema to the ancients, the squirrel nut zippers sack and plunder the old, weird america then sail off to further distant lands. they use new orleans as their hideout and base of operations.  jean-lafitte-like they hide in the lee side of barrier island, receiving goods and making dark back channel deals; hiding in cellars or in plain view. gaze into the tea leaves that are “lost songs of doc souchon” and see if you can discern your destiny.








overview



image



titles



























































looking to get updates from the zippers?sign up for updates sent directly to your email!







get email updates from the zippers!















©2020 squirrel nut zippers.top photo / album cover photo credit: brittany  markert









