



bringing balance to your body, mind, heart and soul - reiki training centre



















































































navigation


reiki training centre
elizabeth harley: psychotherapist, usui/tibetan & karuna reiki® master and grand master (india)




home
navhome
about reiki

about reiki
about elizabeth
feedback
reiki support group
faq


reiki sessions
reiki courses

reiki i (first degree or shoden)
reiki ii (okuden)
advanced reiki (master practitioner)
reiki masters/teacher course
karuna reiki practitioner & masters


counselling

info for clients


goddess and other courses

goddess workshops ~ goddess weekend, goddess ii and priestess
the 5 tibetan yogas
meditation
animal communication


dates/booking
shop

peace jewellery
peacechain story


contact

contact and location


blog
 


return to content








bringing balance to your body, mind, heart and soul 



reiki i
learn how to use reiki for yourself & loved ones. read more
reiki ii
strengthen your practice with the practitioner level. read more
advanced reiki
powerful techniques for transforming self & clients. read more
reiki masters
learn how to attune others to reiki. read more
karuna reiki masters & practitioner
the jewel in the crown of the reiki system read more



person-centred counselling
about counselling & how to book (online or in-person)  read
5 tibetan yogas
full, original system of self healing & rejuvenation  read more
goddess i, goddess ii & priestess
awakening and empowering the goddess within  read more
animal communication
inter-species communication is possible. learn how read more
reiki support group
1st wednesday of the month read more



reiki is one of the most effective natural stress relief and health improvement therapies available today. reiki practitioners often say that one hour of reiki is the equivalent of three to four hours deep relaxing sleep.
activation of reiki within a persons hands is made possible by a simple process called an "attunement". the attunement or empowerment is performed by a reiki master during a workshop. it is the attunement which allows the person to tap into and channel the reiki energy. it cannot be learned from books or just being talked about.  without the attunement you may direct healing energy, but it will not be reiki energy.
no previous knowledge or training is required to attend the reiki i workshop. once reiki is activated by the attunement process everyone is able to radiate this gentle, nurturing, unpolarised energy - regardless of age, experience, background or belief system.
anyone can receive and learn to give a reiki treatment and reiki is entirely compatible with any other conventional or complementary treatments. in one weekend you can obtain the skills and attunements necessary to use reiki effectively for yourself, your family, your friends and pets! 

the reiki training centre has been verified against a recognised external source and is registered on the uk register of learning providers.
the uk register of learning providers is administered by dfes and is used by government departments, agencies, learners plus employers. 
 ukrlp registration number: 10012067

elizabeth's reiki and metamorphic technique courses have been accredited by ipti (independent professional therapists international) which means that on completion of the training you can be insured through ipti as a practitioner, master practitioner or master teacher. she is also a teacher member of the uk reiki federation and registered with the international centre for reiki training (icrt) 
 

 







© 2025 reiki training centre. all rights reserved.  

 













