








home - society for humanistic judaism











































































































 









info@shj.org
the store
 subscribe to enews
 

contact us
log in
our blog
 































meaning & learning

what is humanistic judaism?

humanistic judaism faq
quiz: are you a humanistic jew?
ask the rabbi
rabbi sherwin t. wine and shj’s history


humanistic judaism magazine

past issues of humanistic judaism magazine
subscribe


humanistic jewish role models
the store


living it

celebrate holidays

hanukkah
lag b’omer
passover
purim
rosh hashanah
shabbat and havdalah
shavuot
simchat torah
sukkot
tisha b’av
tu bi’shevat
yom haatzma’ut
yom hashoah
yom hazikaron
yom kippur


life cycle events

birth
weddings
cultural b mitzvah (bar/bat mitzvah)
end of life


radical inclusion

who is a jew?
becoming a humanistic jew


youth programs

hujews youth movement
sunday schools




organize

social justice: issues and resolutions
community service
jews for a secular democracy
grow humanistic judaism

start a humanistic jewish community


movement advocacy and news

stw lifetime achievement award
affiliations




connect

find a community
members exclusive
join/renew
donate
join the conversation

ask the rabbi
subscribe to enews




about us

mission and vision
board of directors
staff
contact us
job opportunities


 






donate














 








humanistic 
							judaism: 
							meaningful jewish community without god 
							 


humanism: 
							it's up to us to lift up humanity and repair the world 
							 


judaism: 
							a shared culture, tradition, history, and family 
							 








personal meaning, advocacy for inclusion

					“my light is in me. and in you.”
					









what's the difference
how judaism “independent of a supernatural authority” works.













radical inclusion
								full equality and celebration of lgbtq+, multiracial, and interfaith / intercultural households, and anyone adopting humanistic judaism.
								












jewish holidays
								how humanistic jews celebrate, including non-theistic liturgy addressing the human experience.
								












joyous community
								connect with smart, fun-loving, like-minded people near you and online!
								


















cultural b mitzvah
								youth education empowers next-gen hujews to say only what they believe while connecting to their heritage.
								












become an organizer
								bring humanistic judaism’s meaning and values to your community.
								












social justice
jews for a secular democracy  is a pluralistic initiative of shj promoting separation of church and state from a jewish perspective.
								












support the cause
								join shj and help us share the meaning with all who may benefit.
								








					what we do
					











					celebration
					













					advocacy
					













					learning
					













					community
					









humanistic judaism magazine!
click here to read the most recent issue and browse previous issues 













enter the societymerging the best of jewish tradition with a modern philosophy of life for over 50 years!


join us







					latest news
					

 


2.11.2025  rhythm & jews: a soulful look at jewish prideread more 





 


1.24.2025  celebrating luigi’s b mitzvahread more 





 


1.15.2025  hj magazine discussion questionsonly shj members and/or magazine subscribers have access to this content. pleaseread more 




read more blog entries












 
 




donate
the store
blog
contact
home
 


humanistic judaism makes life better 
thankfulness and mindfulness without dogma. faith in our fellow people. modern meaning in ancient traditions. using only the words that match our beliefs. humanistic values of equality, honesty, and integrity. good food. jewish humor. links to a fascinating history and peoplehood. support from like-minded sojourners. powerful lifecycle events. rituals to keep us grounded. rich cultural heritage. fun holidays. connection to the natural universe. ethical values in action. bringing light through learning and laughter. and… celebrating our full diversity, including jewish, jew-ish, not yet jewish, never gonna be jewish; atheist, agnostic, secular, humanist, freethinker, spiritual-not-religious; in-married, intermarried, interculturally married, single, divorced, nontraditional, polyamorous; multiracial, people of color, all heritages and backgrounds; people with and without disabilities and neurodiversity; lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer, heterosexual, nonconforming; and all who come in kindness and sincerity!














  all content copyright © 2022 | society for humanistic judaism
















































