











personal loans®



















































































































































































































our service is free, but we may be compensated for sharing your info and marketing non-loan products | privacy policy



















menu







home
about us
how it works















personal loans® made simple




request from $250 to $35,000












by clicking the button above, you consent and agree:

for personalloans.com to lookup whether i have an existing account with its affiliated websites and utilize my existing account information for this request.
to receive marketing communications for both loans and other credit-related products like debt relief, credit repair, banking, and credit-monitoring.
to the privacy policy, terms of use, ad disclosure, credit authorization, rates & fees, responsible lending, and  e-consent.





your path to help get the funding you need.








our service is free to use







no hidden fees. no upfront cost. zero obligation. review your loan offer before accepting any funds, hassle free.
review rates & fees and terms of use for more information.







get funding fast, directly to your account







our online form is easy to complete and can get you connected with funding options in minutes.
if approved, you can receive your funds as soon as the next business day.







request a loan for any occasion







personal loans can be used for whatever comes your way.
whether it’s an emergency, home improvement, business startup, unexpected bill or family getaway – a personal loan can provide the funding you need.







competitive rates available







we have a wide variety of lenders in our network and in the other third-party lender networks we use. some of these lenders may offer competitive rates.
learn more about our responsibility pledge and how it works.







learn about other credit-related products







when you use our service, we will also show you offers for other credit-related products or services you may find useful. this additional advertising helps us make a financial profit from our free service.
learn more in our ad disclosure.







access our extended lender network







if we can't find a lender in our direct lender network that may be willing to offer you a loan, we then send your request out to our extended network of third-party non-lender lender networks to try to find a lender in their network that may offer you a loan. this increases the likelihood you will be connected with a lender and helps us make a financial profit off of our free service.
learn more in our ad disclosure.








get started



explanation of apr

the annual percentage rate (apr) is the annual rate charged for borrowing and is expressed as a percentage that represents the actual yearly cost of funds over the term of the loan.
the loan terms you may be offered will vary based on a variety of factors, including the loan amount requested, your credit score, usage, and history. loans from our network of lenders generally have a term of between 3 months and 72 months. if you are offered a loan, you will have the opportunity to review the final offer made by the lender before accepting their loan. you should contact the lender you are connected with directly to review and understand the specific details of your loan.
the table below shows sample loan terms and apr rates to illustrate how apr works. it is for information purposes only.







term
loan amount
rate (apr)
# of payments
monthly payment
total payments
2 years
$8,500
6.99%
24
$380.53
$9,132.68
3 years
$10,000
8.34%
36
$314.93
$11,337.64
4 years
$15,000
10.45%
48
$383.69
$18,417.05
5 years
$20,000
8.54%
60
$410.72
$24,646.98
6 years
$30,000
7.99%
72
$525.85
$37,861.25
































why personalloans.com?

every day, we help people search for a personal loan from our network of lenders and in other third-party lender networks we use. if no lender offers you a loan, you may be presented with an offer for debt relief, credit repair, credit monitoring or other similar services.















security matters
we protect your information with advanced data encryption technology so you can request a loan with peace of mind and from the ease of your home.













your time, your terms
request a loan any time, day or night. our partners can offer loans up to $35,000 with varying rates and terms. review your loan offer with no obligation and decide what works for you.













simple and straightforward
our online form is simple, straightforward and fast — the way it should be. with a few easy steps we’ll show your information to our large network of lenders and other third-party networks of lenders we work with that can make loan offers right away.
if you receive a loan offer and you accept, the funds can be deposited electronically into your checking account in as fast as one business day.





get started



important information
frequently asked questions



why choose a personal loan?

personal loans® offers a fast and flexible form to help connect you to a lender and complete an application with them. a personal loan can be used for many reasons and can be a quick and easy way to receive funds up front. if a lender from our network or one of the other third-party lender networks we use offers you a loan, you’ll be able to review the loan terms before accepting or declining the offer. payments are due over a fixed period of times and often carry a fixed interest rate.
if no lenders offer you a loan, we may pass some of your limited contact information to other partners so you can receive offers for debt relief, credit repair, credit monitoring, or similar services.



are there applicable fees?

personal loans® provides its service completely free of charge to you. however, if you accept a loan offer from a lender, the lender will typically charge an origination fee or other fees. lenders are required by law to disclose these fees and other important loan information to you before you accept a loan offer. it is important to fully read through the terms of the agreement prior to signing.



what is “annual percentage rate” - apr?

the annual percentage rate (apr) is the annual rate charged for borrowing and is expressed as a percentage that represents the actual yearly cost of funds over the term of the loan. as loans can vary in terms of interest-rate structure, transaction fees, late penalties and other factors, a standardized computation such as the apr provides borrowers with a bottom-line number they can easily compare to rates charged by other lenders. it is important to contact the lender you are connected with directly to review and understand the specific details of your loan agreement.



how do i repay my loan?

lenders in the personal loans® network and in the other third-party lender networks we use generally have online systems available to take electronic payments and manage your account. these lenders also generally have customer service agents who may be happy to take your payment by phone. the personal loans offers you may receive through our service generally have a 90-day minimum repayment and a 72-month maximum repayment term. all lenders are required by law to clearly disclose the terms of your loan offer before you can accept the offer. before accepting any loan, you should carefully read all disclosures and the loan agreement in their entirety, and understand the detailed information about apr and repayment terms. always remember that we are not a lender and we are not involved with the loan process with any lenders.



what if i am late on payments?

if you think you won’t be able to make a payment, you should contact your lender immediately. their customer support team might be able to offer you a later courtesy due date. as well, if you have already missed a payment, you should contact the lender directly. they are there to help. you may be able to make a new payment arrangement that is better suited to your current budget. whether you are late on a payment or are unable to make a payment, get in touch with your lender directly so they can assist you.



who will see my information?

first we show all the information you submit to the lenders in our direct network that have expressed an interest in making loans to consumers like you. if none of them want to pay us to be connected with you, we send all of your information to our extended network of non-lender third-party lender networks so they can try to find a lender in their network that is willing to pay us to be connected with you. all of the parties described above, and, in many cases, their service providers, will see all of your information to try to find or make you a loan. 
after we try to connect you with a lender, we may show you other ads. if you click these ads, we may share your contact info with these advertisers so they can contact you about their products or services. we may also send you additional marketing communications. if so, the service providers we use for this marketing may see your contact information to facilitate this additional marketing to you.
learn more in our ad disclosure and privacy policy.



what products or services will i receive offers for?

when you use our service, we first try to connect you with a lender, either through our direct network of lenders or through our extended network of lenders. then we may show you additional ads or offers for lenders and/or other credit-related products or services like debt relief, credit repair, credit monitoring. you are also added to our marketing list and may receive additional marketing communications from lenders or these other credit-related providers.
learn more in our ad disclosure.










loan guides
bad credit
fast cash
debt consolidation
emergency
home improvement
online loans
tax loans
credit reports & credit scores


legal
rates & fees
privacy policy
terms of use
e-consent
ad disclosure
third parties
credit authorization
california residents: do not sell my personal information


our company
about us
how it works
faq
responsible lending
scam alerts
sitemap


contact information

address: 2661 n pearl st. #431tacoma, wa 98407
telephone number: 1-800-772-2274
email address: support@personalloans.com

contact us
affiliate program
unsubscribe


ola consumer hotline

1-866-299-7585
as a proud member of the online lenders alliance (ola), personalloans.com is serious about protecting your personal information. the ola consumer hotline is a key consumer resource, for questions on lending or reporting possible occurrences of fraud.












							copyright © 2025							personalloans.com. all rights reserved.
						



customer notice: a personal loan is an online installment loan with loans sizes between $250 and $35,000. a personal loan can be a great option for those customers looking to borrow money for a wedding, home improvement, or family getaway. the online process is designed with customer convenience in mind.
legal disclaimer: personalloans.com’s terms of use and the personalloans.com privacy policy apply to the use of this website and its services. personalloans.com connects borrowers with lenders or lending partners and thus the specific terms and conditions of the specific lender or lending partner will apply to any loan a borrower takes out. we are compensated by these lenders or lending partners for connecting you with them, and the compensation received may affect which offer you are presented with. any display of apr, loan amounts, interest or other loan details are estimations only, and actual amounts will vary by lender or lending partner and by borrower. please note that some lenders or lending partners may perform credit checks as part of their credit transaction approval process. the lender or lending partner you connect with may not offer the best possible terms and borrowers should always compare all available options before making any decisions. in addition, you may be connected with a tribal lender. tribal lenders’ rates and fees may be higher than state-licensed lenders, and are subject to federal and tribal laws, not state laws. the owners and operators of this website are not lenders, they do not broker loans and they do not make loans or credit decisions. nothing on this website is an offer or a solicitation to lend. any information you submit to this site will be provided to a lender or lending partner. the operator of this website is not an agent, representative or broker of any lender or lending partner and does not endorse or charge you for any service or product.
availability: every state has its own set of rules and regulations that govern personal loan lenders. your loan amount, apr and repayment term will vary based on your credit worthiness, state and lender or lending partner.


material disclosure: the operator of this website is not a lender, loan broker or agent for any lender or loan broker. this website is not an offer of credit nor is it a solicitation to lend. we are not affiliated with any lender. we are an advertising referral service for lenders that may be able to offer loans in amounts between $250 and $35,000. there is no fee to use our services. your loan request submitted on this website will be shared with one or more lenders. there is no guarantee that you will be connected with a lender, your loan request will be approved by a lender, or you will be offered the loan amount requested. lenders may perform a credit check to determine your creditworthiness or verify your information. any compensation we receive is paid by lenders and other advertising partners, and only for advertising services provided. if you are offered a loan, it may not necessarily have the best rates or terms. short-term, small-dollar loans should not be used as a long-term solution to financial hardship.
apr disclosure: the annual percentage rate (apr) is the rate at which your loan accrues interest and is based upon the amount, cost and term of your loan, repayment amounts and timing of payments. apr range for lenders in our network can generally range from 5.99% to 35.89%, with loan terms from 61 days to 96 months. your actual rate will depend upon your credit score, loan amount, loan term, and credit usage and history. some states have laws limiting the apr that a lender can charge you. lenders are legally required to show you the apr and other terms of your loan before you execute a loan agreement.
credit implications: the operator of this website does not make any credit decisions. lenders in our network may obtain credit scores or credit reports through the credit reporting agencies or alternative providers to determine your creditworthiness. by submitting your information to us, you agree to allow participating lenders to verify your information and check your credit. late payments of loans may result in additional fees or collection activities, or both. each lender has their own terms and conditions, please review their policies for further information. nonpayment of credit could result in collection activities and your lender may report late payment history to consumer reporting agencies which could impact future lending decisions by that lender or other lenders. each lender has their own terms and conditions, please review their policies for further information. every lender has its own renewal policy, which may differ from lender to lender. please review your lender’s renewal policy.






















