








warm whiskers


































































 homeaboutfinding happiness in lifecontact us 











loading...







warm whiskers 



finding fulfillment in life 



find us















			home		


rené 


			2017-07-19t21:37:39+00:00		



welcome to our website





get to know us
are you looking for a professional support group? great! you have finally found exactly what you want. we provide you professional advice from experts that can help you in improving the quality of your life in a sense that doesn’t involve any money or material things.
read more











finding happiness in life
perhaps one of the easiest yet hardest things to start is having a fulfilling life and making the most out of it. everyone deserves a happy life, regardless of their background, history, age, culture, and belief. even you. you deserve a life more than what you have right now, you just need to open your eyes and embrace the world as it continues to call on you.
read more



from latest articles










how to have a fulfilling life


						gallery					







how to have a fulfilling lifethere is no such thing as the perfect formula in having a fulfilling life. however, there are mind perceptions and decisions that you can consider in order to have a more fulfilling life than what you have right now. here are the following choices to lead you a better life regardless of your gender, religion, beliefs, and age.
accept things the way they are
the first thing that you should work is being contented with your life. do not keep on blaming things that should happen in order to have a fulfilling life. it doesn’t matter if you don’t have enough money or time or all the luxury in the world. what matters the most is that you are contented with what you have and you make the most out of it in your time right now.
do not drown yourself in stress
every once in a while, take a pause, breathe, and appreciate the surroundings. the majestic sunset and sunrise are free for everyone to watch. so don’t miss the day without ever having to glance at one. even if your schedule is hectic and you’re running late in everything you do, it is important that you take a rest.
 
meditating, yoga, traveling, or simply re-reading your favorite book is a way of taking a break from the demanding society. make sure that you do not drown yourself in stress otherwise you can never achieve the positive aura and will not notice that you’ve fully engulfed yourself in negative vibe.

always find something to be thankful of
the moment you wake up, you should immediately thank god for giving you another chance to live. this is another chance for you to right what is wrong. to be more thankful for what you have and another step towards your dream. you got an opportunity to spend with your family for one more day.
 
there are so many things that we should be thankful of, and unfortunately, some of these things are often overlooked. make it a habit of telling someone regularly, or write down the things that you are grateful to have. it will help you to become an optimistic person.
try things that you are afraid of
sometimes, things that you shared the most will often lead you to happiness. therefore, you should not miss the chance to have a great adventure. a big world is waiting for you out there. would you like to push yourself in your busy work instead of having fun? go skydiving or cliff diving. visit the place that you’ve always wanted to go, but you are afraid to. do not be shy to say hi to your new neighbor and always be willing to try out new things. it will keep the thrill of your life and will have a positive effect on you knowing that you’ve achieved something today.
stop blaming yourself
you need to let go of your past and stop blaming yourself. what’s done is done. all you could ever do right now is to keep on moving forward and try not to make the same mistakes again. if you imprison yourself in the mistakes of your past, then you will never find true happiness in the present and will most likely blame yourself for the rest of your life.
 
these are the fundamental rules to have a more fulfilling life. it should serve as your motivation every day as you wake up from the comfort of your bed and face the world. now that you are ready, make the most out of your life and create more good memories than before.
by rené|

					2017-07-24t16:24:42+00:00				
july 19th, 2017|categories: fulfilling life|0 comments




we can help you in any problem
through creative ideas, innovation & sheer determination
get in touch





 
 






				© copyright 2017 - warm whiskers   |   all rights reserved  	


facebooktwitterinstagrampinterest 
 
 
 
 
 









