















qray bracelets | official website





















































































qray


























menu

 


shop online

deluxe series
standard series
lite series
milano series
deluxe noir series
midnight series
titanium series
925 silver series
premier series
limited edition
qray sunglasses


where to buy
benefits
comments
contact us
cart


















click here for the qray holiday promotion. 












enhance your health and active lifestyle endeavors. 






shop now



















our customer favorites 












 




qray midnight black & gold 








 




qray gold milano 








 




qray pure titanium 








 




qray original standard 














view full catalog 
















qray is a trusted name in wellness bracelets.   











designed to optimize your natural positive energy. 



when optimized, people have more energy and vitality. a better sense of wellness. 











can a simple bracelet actually turn my life around? 



we’re positive! 



the power of positivity has long been regarded as a vital component for feeling better and living better. when you are in balance, your everyday life benefits. you have greater clarity, you perform at a higher level and you feel more positive.the qray wellness bracelet’s exclusive and innovative design helps to restore the body’s natural balance, so that you can carry on the way nature intended. it’s a topsy-turvy world, but you don’t have to be. 








 

 










how does it work? 



simply beautifully. 



it’s called the qray effect, a beautiful and meticulously designed bracelet that works in a similar fashion to acupuncture without needles.your natural energy flow via channels called meridians. within the 14 meridian channels, there are approximately 360 acupuncture points that act as pathways for your natural energy. with the terminals of the bracelet in contact with your acupoints, your natural positive energy is optimized. 















 







oscar d. 



fulshear, tx, usa 







the best you can have! 



the best you can have, wearing for more than 20 years, feel more energetic, no pain in my knees, highly recommended. 











 







paivi m. 



warkworth, on, canada 







amazing! 



my husband has used this for years. a new one for christmas every few years. 











 







charlene s. 



mesa, az, usa 







wearing it for 10+ years 



i have been wearing these bracelets for about 10 or more years. i really believe they help! 














sign up for e-mail promotions











 









facebook
 



youtube
 



pinterest
 



twitter
 


















faqs 







about us 







privacy 







terms & conditions 







guarantee security 







security 







become a retailer 
















copyright © 2025 qray, all rights reserved. 





site map 






 


























