


pitching machines, baseball pitching machines, iron mike pitching machine













click here for our current  catalog












home page
about us

arm style pitching machines
iron mike pitching machine


commercial equipment

commercial pitching machines
distribution systems
elevators
commercial batting cages

polyball cage
indoor batting cages
outdoor batting cages


additional items
price list


pitching machines

backyard pitching machine
baseball pitching machine
coin operated pitching machines
softball pitching machine


batting cages
batting cage nets
"l" screens & mounds
baseballs & softballs
accessories
pitching machine parts
package deals
how to order
contact us
plant / facilities
blog


















pitching machines
in 1952, paul giovagnoli, the founder of master pitching machine, built his first 
                    baseball pitching machine.
since that time, we have learned that if you provide the best batting cage equipment 
                    at the best price, you will develop loyal customers.
the goal of master pitching machine was then, and still is today, to provide the 
                    finest quality pitching machines and batting cage equipment at the best prices available. we are able 
                    to do so by using simple, time tested designs, by minimizing our overhead through family ownership, 
                    and by relying on a staff that still includes several of the original employees.
today, we can proudly say that master pitching machine is the world leader in the 
                    design and production of commercial pitching machines and batting cage equipment. we have earned this 
                    position through hard work and through dedication to our products and our customers. it is a position 
                    that we plan to maintain for years to come.
master pitching machine's operating policy has always been to concentrate on what 
                    we do best - manufacture first class pitching machines and batting cage equipment. as a result, our 
                    products are recognized worldwide as the finest available. every machine is hand built by a staff that 
                    averages over fourteen years of experience in designing, building, and servicing pitching machines. 
                    our commitment to quality also extends to our customer service where our constant goal is the complete 
                    satisfaction of every customer. when you purchase a pitching machine from master pitching machine, you 
                    get a machine that is built to last. you get unparalleled customer service. you get quality.

email us!

master pitching machine • 4200 n.e. birmingham road •  kansas city, mo 64117
                    1.800.878.8228 / 816.452.0228 / fax 816.452.7581 directory blog







click here for our current  catalog