






new homes and property to let from eastwood homes, holmfirth







 








landland purchase and other opportunitiescommercial commercial property to rentlettingsproperties to letsaleslatest properties for salehomewelcome toeastwood homes 


contact us|resources|news|project management|past developments|about us 






final property at our stunning denby dale development


view our latest new properties for saleexceptional, architecturally designed homes.


'help to buy' now available!purchase a new home with a 5% deposit + 20% equity loan from the government.


looking for your next homewe have quality properties to let in yorkshire.


find the perfect premises for your businessask about our commercial properties to let or for sale.


make your dream home a realitywe'll help you build your own grand design.


land opportunitieswe have a track record for taking sites successfully through the planning process.


final property at our stunning denby dale development









welcome to eastwood homes, yorkshireholmfirth based eastwood homes is a regional developer specialising in small but select developments of quality new homes for sale, along with a portfolio of properties to let, and commercial rental properties.built to the highest standards of build and craftsmanship, using traditional and modern methods of construction, the team at eastwood homes continually strive to exceed their customers’ expectations by delivering outstanding homes and commercial premises.
sold
stoneleigh,denby dale
stoneleigh - 6 stunning properties in denby dale
view more details








get in touchto discuss a land acquisition or commercial let contact us on07976 439917


quick enquiry

thank you, we will be in touch shortly.








contact preference
i am happy to receive news and updates relating to eastwood homes from time to time.
i do not wish to receive correspondence from eastwood homes apart from the information i have requested.





please complete all fields.





relax, your data's safe with us.
your details will only be shared with relevant third parties necessary to the supply of our services to you should you become a customer. you may request to be removed from our database at any time. to see our full privacy policy click here.















latest news
top tips for a stress free house movewhether you have a large family, or you’re sorting through your belongings in preparation for downsizing, moving home can be incredibly stressful and challenging. read more...
more news





newsletter signup

thank you for signing up to our newsletter. 







please enter a valid email address.





relax, your data's safe with us.
by subscribing to our newsletter you agree to receive emails with latest news from eastwood homes. you can unsubscribe to these at any time. your details will only be shared with relevant third parties necessary to the supply of our service to you should you become a customer. to see our full privacy policy click here.




















 
© 2025, eastwood homes. all rights reserved.
registered office: unit 14, bridge mills, huddersfield road, holmfirth, hd9 3tw registration number: 3513650


privacy and cookies|terms of use 

 




eastwood homes
unit 14, bridge mills, huddersfield road, holmfirth, hd9 3tw
01484 689509



