






good humor truck |
















 











home
gallery
home
trucks for sale







select page


  
 



 



 









trucks for sale



gallery





we buy , sell and restore any type of a good humor trucks and ice cream trucks

we restore any ice cream truck in any condition with over 35 years of experience.
we have good humor truck parts !

new, used and remanufactured parts
new replacement compressors
we also have fiberglass boxes with the cold plates and the compressor in them.
you can call or e mail us for more information.
don 801-831-5300
don@icecreamtrucks.com





not your ordinary ice cream trucks
remember when the sound of the ringing bells meant the good humor man was on the block? these good humor trucks bring a smile to the faces of those who remember! they recall a simpler time, a time when you knew your good humor man by name. when the ice cream man got out of the truck to greet the customer, and sound of the latch on the freezer door was a sound they still remember. the good humor trucks, and the good humor man, one of the baby boomers happiest memories..













good humor man
the good humor man was always dressed in all white with black shoes, and sam brown belt, with a coin changer hanging off the belt. he always wore a police style hat with the good humor wing pin attached, and a name tag on his belt strap. the good humor mans dress was to give out a impression of cleanliness, and safety in the community. when the good humor man was hired, he was given a handbook with instructions on how to dress, personal hygiene, and how to perform his duties.





history behind the brand
these original ford good humor truck, were originally owned by the good humor corp. these trucks have the original porcelain side, with the good humor logo baked in, on the freezer. the ford chassis were sent to hackney body, who built, and installed everything from the windshield back. our truck gets plugged into 220 at night, and will keep the ice cream frozen for up to 2 days. it has a compressor mounted where the passenger seat would normally be. there is no door on the drivers side, the driver would enter and exit from the curb side, for safety reasons. there are florescent lights in the sign above the windshield, the rear and sides of the freezer. we restored this truck in 2012, and started doing ice cream events with it that year. this truck is a piece of americana.













interesting fact
to market his good humor bars, burt sent out a fleet of 12 chauffeur-driven trucks with bells to make door-to-door deliveries. the good humor man was born. in 1930, a new york businessman and investor by the name of m.j. meehan acquired the national rights to the company by buying 75 of the shares. during the 1950s and 1960s, the fleet of good humor trucks kept expanding, and the good humor man became an institution. the tinkling of the truck’s bell would attract kids of all ages, in search of the delicious ice cream on a stick. the meehan family owned the company until 1961 when it was sold to unilever’s u.s. subsidiary, the thomas j. lipton company. in 1976, when the company’s direct-selling business was phased out in favor of grocery stores and free-standing freezer cabinets, the trucks were parked for the last time.





good humor trucks
1969 ford good humor truck with a trailer hooked on to it. the next is a 1967 ford good humor truck, and the one in the rear is a 1966 ford good humor truck. all these trucks have been restored and ran.













classic 1969 ford truck
69 ford good humor truck is a true piece of americana. it has the original porcelain sides with the good humor logo baked in, florescent lights that light up the sides at night, the original bells, and of course the good humor man. this is one of the original trucks that good humor use to send into your neighborhood, and you remember as a child. this truck has been restored to close to its original condition, and there are very few that are in nicer shape that ours.





cold plate freezers
all trucks are equipped with cold plate freezers. that means no noisy generators, no leaving the truck running, and no cords for your guests to trip over. all equipment is plugged in overnight, and it remains below 0 all day. in addition, all equipment was made for commercial vending, and meets all health department codes.













good humor ice cream trailer
good humor use to send out some of their good humor truck with a trailer behind them. on their way to their route, they use to drop off a good humor man with the trailer at beaches, forest preserves, and busy areas. the truck would drive their route, and at the end of the day would pick up the trailer and attending good humor man, and return to the depot. this trailer was built out of a 1969 good humor truck that was un-restorable, and is much like the original ones that the good humor truck would pull around, except this is completely updated, with the original porcelain box. a new frame has been added, axle with brakes, compressor unit, and a sound system so an ipod can be played to bring tunes to your guests.









 







2022
©  . all rights reserved. | powered and designed by:  davis design
 














