


the 'mañana' syndrome
























    
	the 'mañana' syndrome
	
  
daily blog of www.visiting-the-dominican-republic.com - appears every day - except when put off till mañana



thursday, january 25, 2007



	 dominican video postcards!
    


what's better than a postcard of the dominican republic - a video postcard!thanks to the producers of this short video (3 or 4 minutes) that takes a whistlestop tour around some of the sights, sounds and scenes of the dominican republic. you can almost taste that cool glass of presidente...dominican republic.  - video powered by metacafefor more videos of resorts and a great documentary introduction to our lovely homeland please go visit: http://www.visiting-the-dominican-republic.com today!ruth



posted by dominicanr @ 2:38 pm  
        





wednesday, november 01, 2006



	 golf vacation - experience the best of the caribbean plus world class golf...
    


find a low cost - high quality golfing vacation in the dominican republic! the best of both worlds!long overdue golfing vacations in the dominican republic information is now here onwww.visiting-the-dominican-republic.com! as an introduction to what will be developing intoa whole new section here is a a brief article about some of the top quality and low price golfing vacations in the dominican republic that can be found:see the article at - golf vacation in the dominican republic



posted by dominicanr @ 10:00 am  
        





saturday, september 16, 2006



	 find out secrets of world famous dominican mamajuana...
    


"...much more than just liquid viagra?!""...the most 'popular' type of dominican mamajuana recipe, however, is probably the one that is reckoned to emulate the effect of 'viagra'...for this the mamajuana needs...end of part 1..."the whole article - including the second and 'final' installment' - is now available as an e-book along with guidance for the preparation of mamajuana liqueurs - and a selection of traditional recipes, and packed with useful brewing tips...."secrets of dominican mamajuana revealed!"                   with a bottle of 'mamajuana herbs' (maybe you have some you brought back from vacation?) you can now create your own 'perfect brew' at home. you can enjoy a glass of this traditional 'pick-me-up' as you watch the sun go down from your manhattan appartment (or wherever)...and reminisce about those heady, hazy, lazy days spent soujourning in the dr!  we created the e-book 'the secrets of dominican mamajuana revealed' - so that anyone who wants to know more about this infamous 'beverage' and obtain a selection of genuine recipes (for both beginners and the more experienced) as well as a host of 'brewing tips' - could get the 'secret information' ;-) they needed - economically...and quickly...and at the same time...your 'small donation' of us$10 also helps towards the increasing costs of maintaining and managing www.visiting-the-dominican-republic.com."see full item at: dominican mamajuana recipeas/rrdesplease note:re: dominican mamajuana & dominican mamajuana recipethe secret blend of herbs that form the basis of a dominican mamajuana recipe, and the variety of mamajuana liqueurs that can be brewed from them – hold a very special place in the folklore and culture of the dominican republic. whilst there are many traditional stories and "old wives' tales" about the efficacy and application of mamajuana for a wide variety of ailments we would like to point out that www.visiting-the-dominican-republic.com makes no claims whatsoever for there being any genuine, or specific medicinal benefits to be gained from consumption of this infamous folk-remedy.  there has never been, as far as we know, any reliable or extensive medical research to assess any claims that have ever been made for this product over many years of dominican tradition. (although there is much anecdotal and research infiormation about certain specific ingredients used in some mamajuana recipes/herbal formulations).we feature this item ...as an amusing example of the most traditional of dominican cultural ‘novelties’. almost everyone who has ever visited the dominican republic will have been introduced to mamajuana – and we offer the opportunity here for people simply to obtain a ‘fun-memento’ of their sun-drenched caribbean vacation, if they so wish.  we also remind anyone who purchases mamajuana herbals for the purpose of brewing their own mamajuana liqueur using any typical dominican mamajuana recipe (which will most likely include one, or more, types of alcoholic ingredients) that they should consume the resulting liquor responsibly, in moderation and in accordance with any current advice provided by their national/local medical advisory body in relation to safe levels of alcohol intake.



posted by dominicanr @ 4:46 am  
        





wednesday, august 23, 2006



	 visiting the dominican republic update
    


have you seen these articles/links on site at visiting the dominican republic?maybe you are planning a visit in december - see what it is like at christmas in the dominican republic?...christmas traditions in the dominican republicour mamajuana page now update with a new 'secrets' e-book - mamajuana recipes for making succesful mamajuana liqueurs and more:http://www.visiting-the-dominican-republic.com/dominican-mamajuana-recipe.htmlpicture this...a superb memento of the dominican republicdominican repubic photographs and more aug 23 2006as/rrs



posted by dominicanr @ 8:14 am  
        





thursday, june 22, 2006



	 blogger check
    


posting check



posted by dominicanr @ 4:16 am  
        





sunday, june 04, 2006



	 kiteboarding's premier world event in the dr
    


visiting the dominican republic in june 2006?don't miss world kiteboarding cup - cabarete, 21-25 june 2006the 7th world kiteboarding cup will be taking place in cabarete and is organized by pkra and other kiteboarding organizations based in the world's premier kiteboarding resort.so be sure to make your way to bozo beach, cabarete, dominican republic for 5 days of sun, sand, sea, sport and partying!a&rtraveleventscultureblogdominicancaribbeantourismvacationparty



posted by dominicanr @ 3:55 am  
        





sunday, february 26, 2006



	 dominican independence - part-a-a-a-a-y-y-y!
    


yes, it's that time again! 27th february and 'independence day' in the dominican republic. as we have tried to summarize on the main site, http://www.visiting-the-dominican-republic.com,it may not have been an easy ride since that day back in 1844 when general pedro santana was proclaimed the first president of the new dominican republic. although dominican republic history has been chequered since that time - just now, in 2006, it may be that this caribbean gem of a country is finally putting its problems into the past, and has a healthy future to look forward to!although times have not been easy for many ordinary dominicans over the last few years - especially with the need for some tough economic measures to be applied in order for the current government to pull the country back from the brink of bankruptcy (the legacy of the previous 'gangster' regime!) - it is now the case that the dominican republic is benefitting from huge investment, as it makes steady progress towards becoming the latest 'luxury destination' in the caribbean.the shaky period that the dominican republic experienced back in the early/mid nineteen-nineties when, for a time, tourism entrepreneurs made the questionable choice to become the 'benidorm' of the caribbean, seems to have been consigned to the past. those days of shoddy quality hotels, poor service and 'food poisoning' did a good deal of damage to the destinations budding reputation as a serious tropical tourism contender. but in this new millennium the accent, as far as tourism development goes, has been on quality and luxury. with the latest developments in the dominican republic set to number amongst some of the best of the luxury caribbean resorts, the country is set to have more than merely independence to celebrate in the years to come.with independence day also comes one of the dominican republic's biggest and best carnivals, which will be passing along george washington avenue - otherwise 'el malecon' - in santo domingo city itself! a great time is sure to be had by locals and tourists alike as the celebrations and the procession winds its 'well-oiled' way through the area known as 'the planet's biggest disco'!!congratulations - dominican republic! let's drink to the hope that, at last, your time has really come!a&rtraveleventscultureblogdominicancaribbeantourismvacationparty



posted by dominicanr @ 3:48 pm  
        











here is our atom feed:
please add us toyour 'news reader' now!
or if it's  better for you:





about me

name:  dominicanr 
location:  uk, spain, and, dominican republic 
dominican born and bred, i set up www.visiting-the-dominican-republic.com, with my sister esther, and husband alan, whilst we are in uk, to keep in touch with 'things on the ground' in the dr, and promote the caribbean's 'best kept secret', the dominican republic.


this 'blog net profit aims to promote the best all-in-one web site development solution that guarantees success (sitesell) plus any other great small/micro and home-based business ideas and tools we come across! if you need info on how to build a website that works...get in touch!

see also: http://www.saferalternative.com and discover why you should be 'cleaning up your bathroom habits' - and detoxing your life. stop poisoning your skin - go certified organic - the only organic products you can truly trust to be what they say they are!
view my complete profile



links

google news
 
www.gonando.com

previous posts

dominican video postcards!
golf vacation - experience the best of the caribbe...
find out secrets of world famous dominican mamajua...
visiting the dominican republic update
blogger check
kiteboarding's premier world event in the dr
dominican independence - part-a-a-a-a-y-y-y!
where does the time go? what's been happening at...
feliz año nuevo - find your 'place in the sun' now!
wondering where to buy mamajuana?

archives

january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
october 2005
january 2006
february 2006
june 2006
august 2006
september 2006
november 2006
january 2007


blog search engine- search engine anddirectory of blogs.looking for blogs?find them on -blogsearchengine.com


net-profit- keep in touch withour journey towardscreating a web-basedincome stream at -www.net-profit.blogspot.com


visiting thedominican republic- planning a visit- on vacation- for work or business- to seek property? -www.visiting-the-dominican-republic.com


the secret- want to knowhow to builda websitefor fun & profit?


new:online resourcesfrom the publisherof manana syndrome:


diamond profiteermake diamonds partof your investmentportfolio...


depression is ok!learn how touse your depressionto improve yourlife!


get the educationyou always wanted!articles to helpyou plan andsucceed!




 







 





