





our lady of hope r. c. church | the website of our lady of hope r. c. church in carle place, ny









































our lady of hope
roman catholic church




















skip to content
 top



 menu

about us

contact us
visit us
our coat of arms


pastor’s message
liturgy

mass schedule
prayer and adoration
funerals


sacraments

baptismal preparation
rcia
matrimony


giving

online giving
memorial opportunities


religious education

level 1
level 2
level 3
level 4
level 5
level 6
level 7
level 8


organizations

altar servers
cyo
eucharistic ministers
family liturgy committee
finance committee
food pantry
lectors
music ministry
pastoral council
rosary altar society
st. vincent de paul conference
ushers


bulletins
 













our lady of hope church
534 broadway
carle place, ny 11514-1712
 tel. 516.334.6288
 fax. 516.997.4622
 secretary@olhope.org
facebook or instagram
online giving
rev. kevin j. dillon, pastor


weekend masses
saturday at 4:00 pm (vigil)
sunday at 8:30, 10:00, and 11:30 am
holy days as announced
weekday masses
monday to friday at 9:00 am
sacrament of penance
saturday at 3:00 pm
or by appointment
prayer
miraculous medal novena
tuesday after 9:00 am mass
rosary
after each weekday mass
holy hour
thursday at 1:00 pm








our mission statement
we, the parish family of our lady of hope, commit ourselves to continue the mission of jesus christ, to proclaim his gospel, and to love one another as he loves us. we are a welcoming community of faith, guided by the holy spirit and centered on god’s word and the eucharist. through the sacraments, prayer, and the stewardship of our god-given gifts, we provide opportunities to grow closer to god and to serve members of the community.









what is happening at our lady of hope church? 
church office closed february 17th presidents’ day
if you would like to receive a contribution statement for 2024 please contact the office or email amengler@olhope.org with the request (include name and address or email address you would the statement to be delivered to). 
march 7, 2025: lenten fish fry and the stations of the cross at 5pm to 7pm in the olh lower church: adults $30, seniors $25, children $20 see flyer for more information. 
use qr code to register for the fish fry on line.   



march 28, 2025: confirmation for our 8th graders at 11am
april 12, 2025: first holy communion  at 11am
if you are interested in receiving the our lady of hope newsletter please submit your updated email address to secretary@olhope.org.
our lady of hope robotics team 2024-2025 if still interested see the application:  robotics club 
our lady of hope is offering opportunities to remember family and friends by purchasing memorial bricks that will be installed in the grotto.  memorial brick request form 
fr. austin is available to bring the eucharist to the homebound. if you would like a visit please call the church office. 


*it has come to our attention that some are receiving requests for gift cards via their cell phone.  please know that requests would never be made in that manner and it is a scam being perpetuated. ** please do not use adjacent, private, parking lots nearby when the our lady of hope lot is full. cars will be towed.










online giving made easy instruction: 

1. visit olhope.weshareonline.org  and click on any collection.
    2. select the your donation amount and frequency.
    3. enter in your account and payment information 
    4. or scan url 

visit us on: facebook and/or instagram 
catholicmasstime.org: provides easy access to mass schedules, church locations, parish contact information and more. our mission is to connect catholics with church information across the country, in every state within the usa. we hope our service will help you and your family more easily find mass times while traveling or at home.
hospice care and abuse resource guide – https://www.nursinghomeabusecenter.com/resources/hospice-care/














copyright © 1987-2025
our lady of hope
roman catholic church,
all rights reserved.







