




pete millett's diy audio pages




pete millett's diy audio pages

for
technical books, tube data, vintage data, transformer data, and mcintosh data,
go to: www.tubebooks.org

last update:  5/16/2024 - added 
a cascode ccs board
5/10/2024 - 
finally posted some info on my 520b (emission labs) 
push-pull dht amps
5/9/2024 - added
"gossamer" raf vt-62 se amp
4/9/2024 - 
updated the design of the sound card interface
3/17/24 - added 
an a2 driver board and (yet 
another) hv power supply  using the mec 
electronic choke

please read - commercial usage
of information on this site:
i consider all the information that i post here to be in the
public domain.  so, you can use it however you want, for commercial or non-commercial
use.
that said, i would appreciate it if you at least let me know if
you are going to use any of the circuits or especially pcb gerber files to make commercial
products, or to sell bare pcb's.  
there are some cases where products are being sold not only with
my permission, but active involvement.  the "millett hybrid"
effort and others at headfi are examples
(and excellent models of how the diy community should work, in my
opinion).  there are other cases where i have asked vendors to sell pcb's
as a service to hobbyists.  and there are other cases where companies are manufacturing and
selling pcb's, chassis, etc. without contacting me at all.
in all of these cases, i make no profit from any of the
sales.  zero, zip, nada.  i have a normal "day job" that
pays the bills, this is strictly a hobby with me.  so please do not expect
me to provide the level of technical support that you might expect when buying a
product.  i try and help, but it sometimes takes me days - even weeks if
i'm traveling for work - to respond.
thanks for your indulgence in reading this!

all that said... i do sell
things, including projects i no longer need, pc boards for my designs, and
occasionally parts and tubes.   i do this through ebay - i 
maintain an ebay store "pmillett".  you can 
click
here to see what i may be selling at the moment.





cascode ccs boards




"gossamer" - raf vt-62 (4304cb, etc.) se class a2 
amp




520b push-pull dht amps



this is a depository for various audio designs and projects -
mostly tube - that
i've put in the public domain, as well as additional info to support magazine
articles that i've written, and an ever-growing amount of technical data archives
relating to vintage and tube audio.  i'm constantly adding and updating things,
so come back every once in a while and see what's new.  remember:
you may have to hit the "refresh " button to see the updated versions
of pages!
follow the links below for detailed info....  most pictures
are hyper-linked to full-size pictures, so you can zoom in if you click on them.
if you have questions please feel free to e-mail me at:  

please,
if you send me e-mail, make sure that there is a logical "subject", or
your mail will get dumped along with all the junk mail (spam) that i get - it's
up to about 100 junk e-mails per day now.  if i don't respond within a few
days, try again, just in case i missed your message.  i try and return
everybody's mail within a week, though i travel quite a lot for work and find i
get very behind at times.  please be patient...
standard disclaimer:  this info is provided with no
guarantees as to accuracy, usefulness, etc.  there's no guarantee that if
you try and build anything like this stuff that you won't electrocute yourself,
the kids, or your cat, or burn your house down... especially if you don't know what you're doing. 
be careful!
many files on this site, especially scanned documentation, are
in adobe acrobat (pdf) format.  i recommend that if you don't already have
it you download the latest version of adobe reader.  some files have
compressed images that may not work correctly with older versions of acrobat
reader.
                               


scanned vintage  books, manuals, catalogs, papers...
 please
go to www.tubebooks.org for this
material.

audio projects and experiments:
power amps

new 5/10/2024 -
 push-pull 50w 520b triode amps

new 5/9/2024 -
 "gossamer", a single ended class a2 amp using the raf 
 vt-62 tube

4d32 single-ended ultralinear power amp
 
 the "nuclassd" 50w class-d hybrid amp using the 
 nutube

a hybrid (ss driver) class a2 dht 
 amp
 
 a 50 watt 
 monoblock version of the "engineer's amp"
 
 a
 pl177 single-ended amplifier
 
 "la 
 luxuriante" stereo r120 se amp
 
 "fatboy", a low-distortion zero-feedback 
 push-pull 300b amp
 
 a
 compactron triple-triode driver for push-pull amps
 
 "mr. potatohead" 815 amp - 50w from 2 tubes in class 
 ab2

 the "807" push-pull
amp using driver boards below

push-pull
 driver pcb, a (nearly) universal driver for push-pull amps

"jonokuchi", a single-ended tube
 headphone / speaker amp

class-a2
 1636 amp using a power opamp driver

the
 "engineer's amplifier", an affordable, high-performance push-pull
 tv pentode amp

the
 "unnecessarily complex 300b amplifier" (from audioxpress
 2009) 

the
 307a tube, and a push-pull 307a amplifier

the "glowing
 hybrid" amp

"the mighty midget" (from audioxpress 5/08)

low-voltage hybrid amplifier with adjustable damping
 "a single-ended e-linear
amp" (from audioxpress 4/05)
 push-pull
6b4g class-a amplifier

push-pull
kt88/6l6/el34/2a3/300b amp with "universal" driver / power supply pcb

 813
single-ended triode amp with
microprocessor-controlled power supply
829b
triode-mode se amp
2-8
watt push-pull amp using 7044 computer triodes
 el802 push-pull single-stage "spud"
amp experiment 
el34 active-loaded (srpp) parafeed
amp experiment
 
preamps / line 
stages
 a nutube balanced amp - 
a true differential amp for line stage or headphone amp use
  
 a
 buffer pcb using the korg nutube 6p1 
 low-voltage dht

"el escorpion", 
 a simple line stage in a cigar box that runs off of 12vdc
  
 a solid-state 
lr phono preamp (no caps in the eq) from etf.13
 a high-end tube microphone preamp
 "a
low-mu preamp" (from audioxpress 2/04)
 pentode phono preamp
  
headphone amps
 
  

sangaku diy nutube headphone amp / preamp
 
 the
 nuhybrid headphone amp, a hybrid headphone amp 
 using the korg nutube 
 
 the
 diy "butte" solid-state headphone amp

"jonokuchi", a single-ended tube
 headphone / speaker amp

the "starving
student" hybrid headphone amplifier
 wheatfield
audio ha-1 tube headphone amp

low-voltage tube hybrid headphone amp
 - the original "millett hybrid" amp (from audioxpress 11/02)
wheatfield
audio ha-4 headphone amp (solid-state, with crossfeed and eq!)
srpp
ecc99 tube headphone amplifier (drives akg k1000's!)
 
test equipment

a breakout 
 board for banana cables
 
 an
 audio dummy load
 
 a "sound
 card interface / ac rms voltmeter" you can build

tube-regulated high-voltage bench power supply 

software
for the hp 8903 audio analyzer - make professional plots from this
affordable audio test system!
 
  
other stuff

new 5/9/2024  
- low voltage filament / heater 
 supply using vicor modules (used in gossamer)

new 3/17/2024 - 
 (yet another) hv power supply using the tentlabs mec (multiple outputs)

new 3/17/2024 -
 a2 driver pcb
 
 a b+ power supply with delay using 
 the mec electronic choke
 
 a vibration mount for the korg nutube 
 to help eliminate microphonics

general-purpose 2-channel 15/25va low-voltage 
 dc power supply for audio projects

dc power supply board used with the nuclassd or 
 class ab power amps (look down the page)

 
 opamp power supply (used with the lr phono, look down the page)

voltage selector pcb for 
 transformers like the hammond 300-series with multi-voltage primaries

a power supply pcb 
 for b+ supplies using the tentlabs mec mini electronic choke
 
 a
 linear "usb adapter", a 5w power supply
 
 a
 power (ac) sequencing  board for big amplifiers
 
 a
 10w b+ flyback supply (switching power supply) that 
 runs off of low-voltage dc (5-20v)

muting relay pcb to eliminate the "thumps"
 
 a
  two-channel shunt-regulated adjustable bias supply

high-voltage 
  regulator ("maida" regulator) that fits landfall systems heatsink

tube amp power supply pcb with bias supply
 
  an 
  isolated current sensor board to measure plate current using a panelpilot 
  meter
 
   mosfet follower buffer for class-a2 grid drive
 
  an
  opamp experimenter board

a
simple regulated dc power supply /  filament supply
tube
active crossover
  high-frequency filament converter for dht's
  

speaker projects:
mltqwp speaker using the jordan jx-92s driver
adire
kit281 experiences
bert
doppenberg's tqwp project
 downloadable drawings for "an affordable
full-range speaker project", audioxpress 6/03 (uses fostex fe-164)
  

glass audio and audioxpress articles:
audioxpress has been gracious enough to allow me to reproduce here
some of the articles that i've written for glass audio and audioxpress magazines
in their entirety: 
 "a low-mu triode
preamp" (1.3mb pdf file) from audioxpress  02/04
 "build a low-voltage
tube hybrid headphone/line amp"  (612kb pdf file) from audioxpress 11/02
- the original "millett hybrid".
"power transformers for audio equipment"
(1.3mb pdf file) from audioxpress 6/01
"all about wire"
(476kb pdf file) from audioxpress 8/01
"the
power line interface" (1.3mb pdf file) from glass audio 6/00
 

miscellaneous  technical  information:
  
 "lr phono preamps" presentation from etf.13 (pdf 
 or ppt)

where
to get stuff - an assorted list of some of my suppliers
 tektronix power transformer
information - info i've collected on classic tube-type tektronix power
transformers
   rescalc, a cool utility program
you can download that calculates combinations of standard resistors to get a
particular value.
 parts shopping in asia 
(sorry, getting a bit out of date)
 "the sound of distortion"
presentation from etf.04
 high-gm driver pentode test data
ixys
current regulator as a ccs plate load
 cad
programs for the diy'er
 

other non-audio stuff:
 a picture collection of interesting
old qsl cards that i received in the early 1970's.  
 

who i am:
a lifetime electronics geek, i got a ham radio license at the age of 8 and a
first-class commercial radio license at 14.  i'm just old enough that i
actually build and used tube some stuff when it was still in production.  i've been an electrical engineer for
nearly thirty years, doing mostly computer
and consumer electronics design work.  i owned and operated wheatfield audio,
which made tube headphone amps (but no money!) for a few years.   i also
have written articles for audioxpress magazine (formerly glass audio) on occasion.
i do some commercial audio design work outside of my "day job".  some of my
work includes the apex hi-fi product line,
which is sold by ttvj (todd the vinyl junkie).
i'm currently living near fort collins, colorado, and work for a silicon 
valley semiconductor company.  
these are the wheatfield audio ha-1 and ha-2 tube headphone amps, which i designed a long time ago:

i've put some info from the old
wheatfield audio web site here that might be useful, especially if you own
an ha-1 or ha-2.


