


 wild willy racing  custom r / c models tamiya  














 wild willy racing  custom r / c models tamiya 

www.customrcmodels.com    click here for tamiya info

custom r/c models , info's , vintage tamiya stuff , tamiya video's , navigation index

check out my newest creations:   about  us     contact us   conversion kits and parts 






if you are new here, check my :

navigation index

uebersicht !

....to see how much stuff is shown here......



monster-trucking in germany

die panzerseite

the "tanker"page

new

1/14 and 1/16 scale trucks


last updated

05-04-2013

stay tuned !

soon you will find here :

vintage tamiya kits and parts ,

custom-models,

 conversion kits and parts 




and a lot more tamiya info !

contacted us for your needs or questions !

tamiya video's


to check my newest creations ! click here


click here to 

see our r/c photo-albums


for 

tamiya parts crossreference click here


visitors












          this webpage is written in english and german    

       diese webseite ist in englisch und deutsch verfasst       

best viewed with 1024 x 768 or larger

welcome to our world of r/c cars / 

                              trucks / tanks  and more............


                                                  fc 12-31-2015

                             

new navigation index      neue uebersicht

a lot has happened in the past  years , 

and i didn't had enough time to update this main-website all the time , 

the most recent updates are done within the individual sections :


trucks - tanks and events !


please check the navigation-index for the individual sub-categories 

more updates will follow 

willy

customrcmodels

03-2013


tanker-section-overview-page


new tankace website : www.tankace.org

 with events-schedule 


r/c tank-battle-events in danville,va  ( this link gets you to my events section )


here is the link to the :

american armoured foundation tank museum

where these events take place every few months.... 


( my own aaf-museum page with lot of info's ! )




aaf-tankmuseum events schedule 



 

it all started in 2003 , check out this recap !




below the photos from the previous events.............

( for all past battle-events go to my events-section ! )




click my"new-tank-transporter" for more photos  ........10/19/2003 new photos...page 7

and here now video's from the danville tank-battle-field :

    

overview.....                              tiger 1 arrives in danville...... behind a tiger 1 in town....


    

 tiger 1 leaves town.....         behind the tractor....

click on the photos above to watch or download the video's ! 


here all 5 videos in one on my youtube channel :








   


trucker-section : http://www.customrcmodels.com/trucks





and you can find me also in these forums :








anybody interested getting together for

" indoor-all-wheel-drive-and-semi-trucker-events  " ???

we are doing it now !

since the thanksgiving 2009 weekend !

at the aaf-tank-museum in danville,va

click here for more info's !



semi-trucks , construction vehicles , scale 4wd's , 

crawlers , monster-trucks , collector car's ..etc...

everybody is welcome !




some items now available for secure purchase online ! 


new online shop !

jetzt online einkaufen !



us mini-trucker-show's

2005 till 2012

click here for more infos 






see tamiya's r/c history on video from the early 80's till today !



new : modified 4:1 gear-reduction for tamiya and other trucks

   

now also a video , check out how smooth this setup works....


and : 6wd king hauler

   

new 6wd conversion-kits are in the works !

will be posted soon !


some of my previous project's : 

( this is now old stuff , check my events-section for the most recent new creations )





click the image's above to see more new photos !

oldtimer with low-loader / tank-transporter / zement-mixer.........



      neu  die panzerseite               the "tanker"page  new  

    

                                        update on tank-gear-reductions





1/14 mercedes benz 3850 6x4 "supertruck"     

                            click on photos or above link , to see more

the daytime-photos from mb 3850 are posted now !







                            new rear idler system for tamiyas tigers

                                             and susspension upgrade

   


     21 st century 1/6 scale m5 stuart r/c tank 

  

                                                      now with battle-system upgrade !


paintball-battle with r/c tanks ..

check out my new section about marui's 1/24 scale r/c tanks

  





 krupp titan and buessing 8000 ( 1/16 )

  

  

                                                                                half-truck project first video

1/14 and 1/16 scale trucks





 to see some of my r/c video's , 

go to my "video's-overview-page" by clicking on the film-reel's 


"bigger is better"  you got to see this !!!

 1/10 "monster-truck"                     click on image to see more

 



 

....photos of this past event can be found here :

           indy 2006 r/c trucking event photos



1/6  "willy's jeeps"                                   click on images to see more





my newest 1/6 scale jeep !



neu : monster-trucking in germany !

an meine deutschen hobby-freunde :

hier entsteht eine neue sektion die monster-trucking in deutschland behandelt !

bitte schaut hier unbedingt mal rein !

    

well ..who ? ..what is this ??...

nanu , was'n das'den???...


  

                                                   new monster-project !



      hallo meine deutschen monstertrucker freunde!

immer mal wieder in die monsterseite reinschauen .

werde da mehr und mehr updates reinpacken.

 

neu : wild dagger               neu : wd-antriebswellen !  neu: fahrtenregler daten  /  monsterreifen / infos

suspension-upgrade                motor data /   esc data  /      monster-truck-tires /   

fahrwerksverbesserung                      battery-charging /

( fuer den "normalen geldbeutel"!) und:      

       demnaechst : juggernaut-und e-maxx-tuning      new juggernaut2  lwb  modifications

                                                       


                                         hummer , based on an txt-1 chassis :

     


wild dagger tuning update: step 2 and step 3 "extrem"

jetzt auch komplette wild dagger upgrade-kits : "buget" - "sport" und "pro" version

  

                "budget"                                     "sport"                                     "pro"



                                

hot: e-maxx          hot: ultimate clod buster chassis

inklusive versand usa-deutschland ! 

e-maxx tunings-parts


new , hot : e-maxx 8:1 zusatzgetriebe / gear-reduction !


                              

new   "wider is better !"   willy's wide-track e-maxx       click the driver to see some of our r/c cars 



                     

                                               e-maxx videos                                e-maxx videos


      videos , click here,

            the history of tamiya r/c cars !








check this out :tamiya's 1/16 scale tiger 1 in action   



 updated video-link , now on my youtube channel 


  more photos :       tiger 1 night shoots          tiger 1 daytime



                                               we wish you all  


 a happy  and successful 2016 !

and don't forget :

work is not everything ! get a hobby !

enjoy live ! have fun with the r/c  hobby!

   from willy & yvonne

    





this page is always under construction !







