






lakeview church of christ – to know christ, to make christ known





































		skip to content	



 



lakeview church of christ
to know christ, to make christ known








    menu	
home
about  

racial justice statement


get involved  

giving
calendar


ministries
sermons
weekly thoughts

  
			scroll down to content		












home


at lakeview
we are a diverse community of faith that strives to please god as we work for his kingdom and find unity in christ. 
here you will find information that describes our service to god through different opportunities in the neighborhood of uptown and throughout the chicagoland area. there is also information about the different aspects of our church family. these give people a variety of outlets to use their individual and collective talents to serve.
please don’t hesitate to contact us for further information. if you are in the chicagoland area we would love for you to join us for any of the opportunities we take to praise, serve and worship our god, and fellowship with one another in the unity of christ.
we want to know christ and make christ known.
we call the people of uptown and beyond, in all their god-given diversity and giftedness, to offer lives of service and devotion to god through their relationships with christ and each other.
our mission
to equip god’s people to serve all people and to build up the body of christto strive after unity through faith and the knowledge of god’s sonto grow to maturity, measuring up to the fullness of christto nurture people in the truth of god’s love.



church work day
church work day
church work day
church work day
church work day
hot lunch
hot lunch
fall festival
fall festival
baby shower















contact us: lakeview church of christ
bible class: 9:30am
worship service: 10:30am
lakeviewcofc@gmail.com
4716 n. malden st.
chicago, il 60640
(773) 561 – 2655

 











please leave this field emptystay in touch with our family.
sign up to receive the lakeview newsletter every week.





thank you!
        
 







facebook  
instagram  
youtube  
 


		proudly powered by wordpress	





















































































































































































