















routt county, co - official website | official website









 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in














    government      departments      community      services      how do i...  


 

 

 

 

 



 














airport







online payments







public health







stay connected









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 












search







 
 
 






 



















western tradition + outdoor recreation
what do you get when you mix the western traditions of agriculture and open space with hiking, skiing, biking, camping, paddling, hunting and fishing? routt county, the heart of nw colorado.

























  
 
 








 














agendas & minutes








employment










 
 














permitting portal








report a concern










 
 














public records








county maps










 
 
 

























 














news & trending topicsview all news
 






  
 














routt county community update 


the february 14, 2025 routt county community update is available: 	https://conta.cc/41hxhnd

want it emailed? subscribe here: http://ow.ly/pgyi50hv8ox						read on...







yampa valley community health needs assessment survey 


northwest colorado health, uchealth, memorial regional health, the health partnership, and the public health departments of routt and moffat counties have collaborated to launch the 2025 yampa valley community health needs assessment (chna)						read on...







routt county employment opportunities 


routt county is hiring. here's how to apply:						read on...







get involved! 


there are numerous volunteer boards and commissions that community members can be involved in to make a difference in routt county. find all descriptions online at: https://www.co.routt.co.us/105/vacancies						read on...











/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 



 














routt county common servicesquickly find what you are looking for
 






  
 













commissioners monthly meeting list (pdf)



city of steamboat springs



motor vehicles







property tax



register for our emergency alerts notification



routt county facilities reservations







sheriff's office



suicide and crisis hotline



routt county crisis support









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 














events & meetings with the countylatest news & highlights
 






  
 
 





 public meetings
 about routt county




 public meetings










february 2025




sun


mon


tue


wed


thu


fri


sat




26
27
28
29
30
31
 1

 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8

 9
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
 1









there are no published events in current month.


view all events




/calendar.aspx





 about routt county





welcome to routt county routt county, colorado, with a population of over 25,000, is located in beautiful northwest colorado and comprises the steamboat springs metropolitan statistical area. routt county covers over 1.5 million acres, including approximately 755,000 public acres (50%) and approximately 710,000 agricultural acres (47%). routt county is known for its skiing and outdoor tourism, but it is also an agricultural county with strong family values. natural resource development is an important component of the county’s economy. the county offers distinctive western lifestyle, community character and many business opportunities. the city of steamboat springs is the county seat and home to over 12,000 residents. it is an employment center, well-known tourist destination and a growing location-neutral workforce. the towns of hayden, oak creek and yampa comprise other incorporated communities within the county. each has their own unique character and history. numerous attractions and activities occur year-round in those areas. routt county has significantly limited unincorporated development, with a few small unincorporated communities that celebrate their own uncrowded rural lifestyle, natural beauty, and outdoor recreation opportunities. routt county is well known for its outdoor recreation and home to the steamboat ski resort with multiple other hiking, biking, hunting and motorized recreation areas. access to several state parks and national forest land within routt county offer other diverse recreational benefits. in addition, routt county has a healthy and diverse business community, with a wide range of resources to meet the needs of employers and their employees. the yampa valley regional airport is owned and operated by routt county and offers both commercial flights as well as a vibrant general aviation service to the entire region. the airport is located in hayden, approximately 22 miles west of steamboat springs.







 
 
 



 














how can we help?please select one of the following to talk to elected officials and staff, or to report problems in our community.
 






  
 
 














report a concern








staff directory








ask commissoners








ask your county manager










 
 
 



 















 






  
 









    





 
 



  
 







contact us







522 lincoln avenuesuite #30steamboat springs, co 80487phone: 970-879-0108fax: 970-879-3992contact the commissionerscounty directory
 






  
 



  
 







quick links







archived - agendas & minutes



assessor's property records search



bids & rfps



facilities reservations



maps









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







site links







home



intranet



accessibility



site map



copyright notices









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close






















  







arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









