





michael's limousines & transportation services































































call us today! (413) 583-6392|sales@michaels-limo.com














about
reserve/quote

submit payment
change request


fleet
train & airport
affiliates
testimonials
contact
 












 


 


 


 









­ 



homepaul martins2020-03-12t13:02:03-04:00 
a vehicle for any occasion
michael’s limousine service is located in the hub of new england located in western massachusetts. we easily service boston, springfield, new york city and events taking place in vermont, new hampshire, massachusetts, rhode island, connecticut, and new york.
luxury transportation anytime!
we take pride in our commitment to you, our customer, by pampering you, and ensuring that all your needs are met. if you have a special event or occasion let our gorgeous fleet prove to that special someone how much you care. feel free to check out our entire fleet. we are ready to serve your needs.
quality customer service.
if you are looking for an estimate or for suggestions on the best transportation method for a special occasion, party or any other day to day needs, we are on standby and ready to help you. call us, we have so many different ideas on how we can help you with that special day.
weddings    michael’s limousine service takes time to make sure that your special day is handled properly to make this precious time unique and memorable. weddings are our specialty.anniversaries    for your next anniversary you and your loved one deserve the best. why not celebrate your eternal love by taking your spouse out to dinner, a movie, a play or just a night outprom    do you and your date need a ride to the prom? we will pick you up at your home in a limousine so you can ride to your prom in style.night on the town    why not enjoy a night on the town in the comfort of a limousine without having to worry about finding a parking spot or choosing a designated driver.bus service   michael’s limousine service offers a fleet of over 20 luxury buses.  with our private luxury bus fleet we will transport you and your group of 1-200 anywhere you need to go.  we specialize in day trips, overnights, and airport transfers.

we are here to serve all of your bus & limousine needs in the new england area.




michael’s limousine service is located in the hub of new england located in central massachusetts. we easily service boston, springfield, new york city and events taking place everywhere.
we take pride in our commitment to you, our customer, by pampering you, and ensuring that all your needs are met. if you have a special event or occasion let our gorgeous fleet prove to that special someone how much you care. call us, we have so many different ideas on how we can help you with that special day.






 
 
 




 
 
 




copyright 2015 michael’s limousine service | all rights reserved | site by: nrg networks


 
 
 
 
 
 







select your fleet
shuttle, mini, party, coach busescars, suvs, vans, limos
michael’s limousines operates 2 websites. please select the type of vehicle you are looking for.


			×            




















