




citizenmike's journal




































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































citizenmike
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














citizenmike







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement







citizenmike's journal 

[most recent entries]
[calendar view]
[friends]

below are the 11 most recent journal entries recorded in
citizenmike's livejournal:


wednesday, april 29th, 200910:24 pm
the admiral hotel veronica couldn't really tell if it was a surprise or not when they found the admiral hotel to be lit, maintained and empty. they both agreed that they needed a place to stay and while they were at it, they were gonna see what they could get out of the place.johnny walked in front of veronica and hooped over the reception desk and looked at the keys on the counter before him.“hey roth”, johnny began. “what are you in the mood for?”“what do they have?”“we can go for a waterside view or maybe something facing downtown.” johnny scoured higher. “oh,”“what you find?” veronica asked.“top floor suite.” johnny looked back at her. “so roth, what do you think?”“take it.”johnny took the key and hopped back over the desk.johnny held the key in his hand as he and veronica looked down at it. veronica looked up at johnny, and in turn, johnny gazed upon her.“so,” veronica began.“so...” johnny found himself replying.johnny wanted to take her in his arms and lead her up there.veronica was waiting for johnny to say something... to say anything, really. veronica gave johnny a shrug and a look. the kind that said, “come on, what are you waiting for?” in a really subtle and gentle way... maybe too subtle.veronica pulled herself away and crossed her arms.what was he doing?johnny put a hand in his pocket and nodded.what was she doing?veronica looked down at the keys then looked at johnny... girl had to do something.veronica grabbed the keys from johnny and headed up the stairs.“roth, where you going?”“first one who gets to that room takes it!”veronica was halfway up the first flight, when johnny approached the elevator.“come on, i can just use the lift!”veronica stopped where she was and replied, “do that, i'm counting that as cheating!”johnny walked up the staircase.“not fair roth, you were halfway up this staircase when you told me the stipulation. i'm counting that as cheating.”veronica descended and met him. “i'm sorry.”johnny met her and said, “its too late!” as he took the keys from her hand and ran up the stairs.veronica found herself mouthing, “fuck you” as she hightailed johnny.they were doing something... and it was physical.veronica caught up with johnny past the ninth floor. breath, johnny sighed as he gave himself a moment, he needed to catch his breath. johnny pulled himself from the railing as he darted back up the steps.one more floor. the eleventh. two more flights.johnny neared veronica at the last flight. veronica turned back towards him and leapt the remaining steps.johnny pushed his way up the steps as veronica opened her palm. “key please?” she said smugly as she placed a hand on her hip.johnny pulled the key from his pocket and placed it in her hand.veronica turned away from johnny as she approached the room.johnny leaned against the side of the door and said, “so, i guess this is good night?”veronica looked at him and smiled. “i guess it is.”they both shrugged away from the other. back to where it started.“good night, roth.”veronica turned towards johnny as he gave her a quick peck on the cheek before turning away.“good night, johnny”johnny waved as he descended down the steps.”stay.”, veronica wanted to say.    
(comment on this)10:23 pm
the awakening it was the rusty shade of gold that woke up veronica roth. creeping in through the curtains, shining its auburn sunny gaze over her face, it penetrated through the darkness of her sleep. veronica turned to her side and pulled the sheets over her face; it wasn't her turn to rise, at least not to her. she just wanted to sleep. but still, the sun insisted. breaking though the stained white layer of blanket that covered.veronica opened her eyes. whatever it was, it was time. tossing the sheets aside, veronica was tired and she couldn't understand why. she was only sleeping.veronica noticed she was fully clothed and found herself in a room different from her own. it looked like one of those rooms you'd find in those motels by the highway... either that, or one of those cheap little hotels you'd find in the city. the kind that offered nothing more than four walls, a bed, a roof, and maybe if you were lucky, a tv. she had a tv. veronica pulled herself from the bed and fell. slowly, she crawled over to the night table, pulled herself up and found a couple packs of marlboro's and a lighter. she was a step away from freaking out if she only had a grip of where on earth she was and why. slowly, she walked towards the bathroom.opening the door, she was shocked to find a man sitting on the toilet, with his pants tied down to his ankles."you're awake...", the man said calmly."who are you?", she asked."i'm johnny, what's your name?"veronica turned away the bathroom and closed the door.<***>veronica wanted to get leave, but there was something about that man that kept her in. maybe he had the answers to whatever it was she wanted to know. looking out the window, veronica had a lit cigarette between her lips. she realized she had nowhere to go.behind her, she heard the sound of the bathroom door closing. "hey", johnny called her."yeah?", she answered back."could i have one of those?""sure, their on top of the night table.""thanks."veronica turned her head to find johnny sitting on the bed with the cigarette between his lips."so, are you going to tell me your name?""veronica..." she thought for a moment. "veronica... roth."tears began to fall down veronica's face as she slowly dropped herself on to the carpet."where..." she said, "where are we?""i don't know.", johnny said calmy."what time is it?""i don't know.""how did i get here?""i don't know.""how did you get here?""i don't know.""how did you get in here, then?""i woke up here. right there on the bed, beside you.""who are you?""i honestly don't know. my name is johnny and that's all i have.""we didn't..." veronica couldn't say it... didn't even know how to imply it."didn't what?""you know..." she said shrugging."no," he turned his head. "at least i think we didn't.""ok.", veronica said as she drew hard on the filter. "then why didn't you just leave when you woke up?""you were right next to me when i awoke, i figured... you know," johnny kind of dragged his words along. "that you could fill me in on everything you're asking me right now."veronica wrapped her hands over her head. "this is all so much like a dream," she said. "everything's so soft and hazy, and i'm just so tired... how long have you been awake?""a couple hours, maybe three...""i'm tired from sleeping?""if it helps, think of yourself of somekind of sleeping beauty."johnny rose from the bed and looked outside."wherever we are, i figure were not far from home.""how can you tell?", veronica asked."it looks like just about every other city.""where is home to you?""i wish i could say." he replied. "what about you?"veronica thought hard. even the location of her home was a fleeting thought..."cambridge," she said. "cambridge, massachusetts."silence fell for a moment as the both of them turned away from each other"you wanna get out of here?"veronica looked up at johnny and nodded.  
(comment on this)saturday, september 3rd, 20057:32 pm
after dark after darkby mike littonthere sat henry, sitting snuged in old irish bar of the hotel 39'. as far as he knew, the night was pretty well for him; a box of cuban's, an expensive bottle of scotch by his side, the number of the cute blond in the blue dress and his latest novel had just made it to number one on the new york times' best sellers list. and as he leaned back on the soft brown leather chair, that's when she walked in. as soon as he spotted her, his heart stopped. she stood beuatifuly aloof; red hair, blue eyes, tight black dress, doing little shade her slender figure, a filtered cigarette gently resting on her hand, and black-laced lengre that noticiably taunting those who came across her path. he wanted her. she smiled at him, he nonchelantly smiled back.she began to walk towards him.his heart began to race, began to panic. he took a quick sip of the scotch; the whisky slowly burning its way down his throat. comfortably.he continued to panic. he quickly grabbed an old news paper and began to read from it.she was now nearer.he tried to look away, but began to watch her soft lips move. anticepation of her first words."i didn't know final october was number one on the best sellers list?" she said "that's impossible" he replied, after what had seemed to be a life time"oh, how so?""because thin air and a homicidal demoracy hit number one yesterday""really? i finished it this afternoon. i thought it was a piece of garbage,""excuse me?""is that a rhetorical question? you heared what i said, it's a piece of crap""are you a critic?""no," she began as she took a seat  "but i am a reader. i'm always a sucker for a good pulp novel! i often fanticise that i'm that blond haired heroine. you know the type? sexy, mysterious, and deadly. the kind that lures both men and women into trouble. i even used to carry a .45 water-gun in purse""so what was so bad about thin air and a homicidal democracy?""i just thougth it was a little too mediocre thats all," she burnt out her cigarette and soon called out a waiter."well there has to be a reason why it's on number one?" by this point, she was really pushing his buttons. his knees were shaking and so was his hand. but, he continued to give her the benefit of doubt."i guess. but you're no elmore leonard, now are you?... martha""excuse me?""oh come on, we both know i've been fucking with you. i know who you are. henry kimmel. you're book's ok, could be better, but it isn't that bad""gee, thanks""don't look so glum," she took his hand "there's a reason i'm sitting across you"when the waiter came, she ordered a whisky sour. she looked back at him and smiled.their hands released.an akward silencea moment later, her drink arrived. she took a quick sip and began to bite finger her finger nails. henry watched her, he liked her. unlike the blond he met earlier, he didn't want to fuck and run, he wanted to curl up next to her. he had found his muse."you know, i never got you name?" henry said"teressa, teressa d'moore" she replied. with a soft smile.he felt something climbing up his leg. a glance down, it was teressa'a foot, hiding behind black sheer. he began to watch her legs. his eyes soon moved upwards. untill it stoped to a dead hault, when her legs closed."uh, uh. no peaking." "i'm sorry. i could'nt help it."it's ok. just know, patience is a verute," terssa said. "for now, wanna get out of here?""why leave, i've got a suite?""very fancy. good choice martha, good choice"their passion grew thick once they got into the closed confines of henry's suite.they fell on the bed, where henry began to caress her legs. but teressa soon drew away."what happened, was i bad?" henry asked"no. no. you were good"henry stood up and walked to teressa. she kissed him, but soon released. she sat him down on the bed, and began to undress before him.as she stood half-naked before him. henry liked what he saw. he began to taking mental notes; the black-laced lengre, the black garter belt that conected to teressa's black sheer stalkings, the 9mm hand gun resting on her thigh. hold on. a 9mm hand gun resting on her thigh?teressa slowly took the 9mm from her thigh, and pointed towards henry.**************"teressa d'moore, bcpd police department! keep your hands where i can see them!""what the fuck is going on here? i want an explination!" demanded henryshe read henry the miranda rights, and said "you're wanted for the murder of alison whitaker and for possesion of illegal narcotics!""you're full of shit!""am i? i've got four eyewitness' and a confession from your editor""you bitch!"keeping the gun towards henry, teressa used her free hand to open her purse, pick up her cell phone and to call for back up.thinking quickly, henry ran towards the suite's balcony. once there, he grabbed a chair, and jammed the door shut. keeping himself safe for now.teressa ran to the balcony, where a sliding door kept them apart."dont make this harder for yourself henry. this is hard enough for me" "sure it is. i'm sure you get yourself off from entrapment's don't ya'?"i don't want to this. especialy to you?""why, whore!, what makes me any different?""i'm actually a fan of yours. you're the reason i fell inlove with leterature." with those words, she slumped towards the glass between them. "i've always dreamt of meeting you, but i never immagined it would be like this!""so why'd you do it?""it's my job, i'm passionate about my job. i fell into it after reading 14 miles and kate""i remeber the moment when i first came up with the idea for the story. college. but it was about ten years untill i finaly wrote the novel""i remeber when i first read it. i had just graduated from high school. i could'nt put it down. i wanted to be kate. and here i am? ironic, isnt' it?""no. it's destiny." henry chuckled "this is exactly the original ending to 14 miles and kate. i never immagined on living it, i thought about it everyday. this is actually how i wanna go out. it's time""don't," teressa stood "if you come wiht me now, i promise i will move the mountains to reduce your sentence. just please, don't do this"henry stood up, and released a 45. from his back and pointed it to teressa."this is always how i wanted to go, and i'm glad it's gonna be you" henry began to shoot teressa, she ducked every bullet. she took cover behind the king size bed."henry, please. don't do this!" pleaded teressa.henry didn't oblige and continued firing shots. and before teressa knew it, she was shot on the leg. teressa screamed in pain; but soon, adrenaline began to flow through her. she stood up and began firing at henry's direction.henry took in every bullet, as the police burst into the room. a moment later henry was gone. realization had just set in teressa'a heart.she ran to henry's side, using her bare hands to break the glass. a thunderstorm now began to surround the city. teressa crawled to henry's body as she broke down in tears. she held henry's head by her chest and kissed him softly on the lips"please forgive me, henry, i am so, so sorry"the chief of police ran to teressa side, and covered her with a white bathrobe. her put his arm around her."walter, what have i done?" she asked"you did what you had to do," the cheif began "i am so sorry i put you up to this. look, i want you to take a few weeks off. you need it"walter held her as she said her goodbye's to henry. fifteen minutes later, henry was taken away. alone in the room, teressa took a few momento's of her favorite author, and left.***************a few weeks later, teressa sat alone in her living room; her cat laying on her thigh. she spent the last few weeks reading all her henry kimmel novels, wondering why he had let himself go the way he did. 
(comment on this)monday, august 1st, 20053:16 pm
fast foward; one year later fast foward; one year later fast forward. one year later. christmas eve. here i am, in a god damn bar, in a god-forsaken city. where did i go wrong? in less than a month i lost my wife and my job to the same person! i hate him! i’ve been asking myself the same theoretical question for months, why? why do i constantly play the events of that retched night over and over? maybe i like the heartache, self-pity, and trauma? maybe i want to remind myself of what i fell in love with? how could she do that to me? after everything we’ve been through! i hate her? who the hell am i kidding? i love her! i’m still in love with her. what did i do? maybe it’s because i adored her? at least i’m not alone tonight; i’m with jackie daniels and johnny boy walker! nick was drunk again, could anyone really blame him for going astray? the poor guy was alone again; he looked over at the aged gentleman sitting across him and smiled. he walked over to the man and said “papa, let me ask you. do you believe in god?” “i was once an unbeliever, but at one point- “i didn’t ask for your life story. do you believe in god?” “i do.” “does he love us? does he love you? does he love me?” “he loves all” “then if he loves us, why does he bring life to us only to fuck us in the ass every chance he gets?” “life has its ups and downs” “no it doesn’t! if that was the case i wouldn’t be divorced!” “based on first impressions, i can’t really blame her” with those words the old man got up and pat nick on the back, “i’ll be praying for you” he said as he walked away. nick continued drinking, until, an idea formed. he was always the nice guy, constantly taking the highroad, and it was then he decided to become the asshole. he didn’t care, he knew what he wanted to do, and he was going to give in to the darkness. he got up, put his coat on, and walked to his car. a bottle of whisky in one pocket, and a handgun in the other, he was going to find a happy couple, or family and destroy their pathetic lives the way brenda, his ex-wife, and adam did. once inside, he put the radio and high and drove as fast as he could through the snow-covered night, occasionally taking a swig of whisky at every red light. and then, just as he was leaving the city into the suburbs, a vision appeared out of nowhere. it was a vision of brenda. “what the fuck? i may be drunk but i know when i’m fucking hallucinating?” “stop” “leave” he began driving recklessly, as “brenda” began to fasten her seatbelt. “nick listen to me, this is the only voice you will reason with. you know, and i sure as hell know that i’m not real” “if you aren’t real, why are you torturing me like the real you would?” “i am trying my best to save you. please for once just listen to me. you still love me, i mean her. please just let me in and save you.” she touched his arm, “see, i’m as real as it get” she took a swig of the whisky and asked “so, what’s this oh so evil plan of yours?” “read my mind bitch.” “nicky, nicky, nicky, you know what you’ve become? “please, tell me?” she drew herself close to his ear and said, “the very thing you despise most.” nick looked at her, and soon brought his attention back to the road. fifteen minutes later, he found himself in the realms of a quiet suburban neighborhood. he drove around looking for the perfect spot and found it. he got down and walked towards the house. he took a look at the window and found a young couple having dinner. you could feel the love in their eyes. he looked on, as “brenda” caught up with him.“look at them. you don’t see kids like this anymore. do you really want to do this?” “hell yeah!” “brenda” grabbed nick, stared him in the eye, and asked “really? i know what i, she did was wrong. but what did this couple do? their only crime is loving each other; do you really want to take that away from them? you do know that what ever you do, their love will just grow even stronger.” tears began to fall down her face “as for my/brenda’s sin, i am so sorry. i didn’t mean to hurt you, but i just couldn’t lie to you anymore. you didn’t deserve it, and i didn’t deserve you. i’m not asking for your forgiveness, i just want you to become the man you once we’re. please listen to me, and let me in.” and in the darkness of the night, nick and “brenda” kissed, and held on together. they held on until she disappeared. he stood up, and held on to his gun, and took a deep breath. fast forward. one year later. and look where i stand, i got my life back. i’ve got everything except brenda. and that’s ok. that night, i got the one thing i needed, closure. and as i sit and reflect on my wasted year, i consider myself lucky. brenda didn’t save me; an angel saved did. i guess that’s life. i often think of what would’ve happened if i harmed those kids and i shudder, how could i think such a thing? i’m happy again. and i don’t care if i spend the rest of my life alone, just as long as i’m happy and clean. i’m all set. 
(3 comments |comment on this)3:14 pm
torn torn eric walked home that cold, damp night. he walked slowly, he didn't want to rush, he just wanted to think, he really had nowhere to go. "ronnie's got a new guy.... god damn it!". he never told veronica his true feelings for her, he had the chance, but he felt that if he told her, he would probably lose her. he didn't know what to do or think. either way, the window was slowly closing. "what if she was happy?", eric didn't want to jepardize that. eric lit a cigarette and began to smoke, even if he didn't want to. and then, a grey toyota pulled up beside him, the window of the front pasangers seat fell, and there she was, veronica, the girl of his dreams."hey, you promised me you'd quit" said veronica"stress" eric began, "it's just writers block that's all. i promise to stop when inspiration kicks me in the nut's!. so, what are ya' doin' here?""we're on our way to a club. have the two of you guys met?" "not that i recall" the driver said."eric this is keith, keith this is my partner-in-crime, eric"eric extended his arm, and a moment later both men's hands shook in greeting. eric felt like he had sold himself himself out, but hey, he could be a nice guy, he told himself."hey, man, you wanna join us?" keith asked, "we're headed to the dive tavern!""come on eric, come along!" insisted veronica"thanks, but no thanks. i've got my night already set""are you sure?" veronica asked"yeah, but the two of you have fun. and maybe we'll catch up in the morning"a moment later, they were gone. eric watched as they drove away. he walked untill he found himself in the small, quiet, confines of a pub.once inside, eric ordered a beer and chilled out as the jukebox ironicaly played the police's "king of pain". eric began to laugh at the irony. a quick glance aroundand he spotted her, just as she had spotted him many times in the moment. another police song, "wrapped around your finger" began to play, as a couple in a booth got up and began to dance and hold on to one another so tight, that you could have sworn they we're once scattered soul mates*. eric glanced again at the strange red headed woman, she was slowly smoking a cigarette, making the often disgusting sight of a smoking woman into something chic and sexy. she slowly smoked and glanced at him. she walked over a moment later and asked"care to buy this pretty, little lady a drink?""sure, what can i get ya'?""one whisky sour, martha!""whisky sour!" ordered eric. "and by the way, i'm eric, not martha!""i'm teressa, but you can call me surprised. a lot of guy's usualy like it when i call them martha!"eric smiled back and went back to his bottle of beer,"hey. how about this?" said teressa as she drew herself closer, "you and i blow this joint and head back to my place. there's a frost bottle of vodka in the freezer and red satin sheets that'll probably wind up crumpled in the morning" she moved closer, "so, what do you say?""thanks, but no thanks""lemme guess? you're gay?damn it tess, you sure can pick 'em?" she shrudded"married then?""no""girlfriend?""no.. sorta'.. i dont know?""what does that mean?, you either do or dont!""i'm just going through some girl trouble that's all""why don't you explain it to me, while we play a nice game of billards?""are you speaking sexually or literaly?""literaly, there's a table over there"teressa pointedand as the game went on, the conversation continued to pick up."ok eric, i'm all ears""you didn't call me martha?""why would i?" teressa asked, "so, who's the lucky girl?""her name's veronica, i've only known her for a few months, but i don't know how i got along my whole life without her!""that's sweet. so what's the situation between the two of you""kinda like bonnie and clyde, but i don't think she feels the same way.""why?""when we met, she had just come from a really rocky relationship, and now she's seeing some guy!""did you ever think of telling her how you feel?""yeah, many times. i had many oppertunities. but what if i lose her?""but what if you gain her instead?""but what if she falls in love with me, because she finds out i'm in love with her?""are you stuck in the fourt grade? that is'nt real!""i know, and that's something i fear""you could win her over. for all you know, you already have! and she may not even know it!""that's something to think about". eric decided to switch the conversation and said "why don't we talk about something else, i must be boring you. let's talk about you?"she smiled back at him and said "you're really sweet, and different than most guys. what's there to say about little old me? not a lot!. i'm a lonley swinger, and surprisingly i like it that way""you never thought about settling down or anything like that? i mean you must be one of the most beautiful women i've ever seen?""prettier than veronica?" teressa asked, "i'm kidding. thank you."silence fell between the two, as "dont leave me lonley" by bryan adams began to echo throught the bar. half an hour later, after two games of pool, teressa decided to head home. eric escorted her outside, and waited untill she found a cab."are you sure you don't wanna take my offer?" teressa asked"it's ok. thank's anyway.""in another life then!"the two smiled at one another as a cab finaly pulled up."you are a great guy eric. she's a lucky girl. thank you!'"for what?""for showing me what a real man is like, and for showing me they exist" she kissed eric on the lips and said "adios!, and see you in another life" and with those words she was gone.eric stood alone in the middle of the wet road. he lit a cigarette and took a look around. he knew what he wanted to do, he had to, it was probably his last chance. he started running to his destination, the dive tavern.once there, he rushed his way through the crowded tavern as the band covered sound garden's "rusty cage". he enjoied the song as she searched for veronica. he found his way to the crowded bar and found juliana, veronica's best friend."jules!" he said to no reply. the music muting his voice. "jules!" he shouted, nothing. so he tapped her in the backjuliana turned around and said "eric!""hey, where's ronnie?" he shouted back"she's around. what are ya' doin' here?""i'm gonna tell her i love her!""good luck!" screamed juliana as she ordered two shots of taquilla. when the shots came she handed one to eric and screamed "here you'll need it?""thank's" he shouted back as he took the shot.the band began to play pearl jam's "state of love and trust", as eric began his hunt. he navigated through the sea of people untill he finaly found her, passionatley making out with keith. he began to feel like the song and rushed out of the club, as juliana followed behind.outside the parking lotm the music inside could still be heared."fuck! why am i such an asshole?!" screamed eric as he looed up at the dark night, "god damn it!". juliana rushed to him, and as soon as she came, eric reluctantly broke down in her arms.she took him by the hand and screamed "come on, i'm getting ya' outta here""where we goin'?""to get a cup of coffee" with coffee in hand, eric and juliana sat outside the nearest coffee shop."thank's. this feels good" said eric"dont worry about it""i blew my chance didn't i?""pretty much for now. but i wonder why she also didn't make a move on you""what do you mean?""she is so fuckin' in love with you!""what?""it's so obvious. what's also so obvious is how clueless she is. congradulate me, i'm right for the first time in years!""she's in love with me? i think were getting ahead of ourselves""you're her knight in shining armor! you know you are!""i thought i was. you know, i actualy passed up a one night stand with this incredibly beautiful woman, and look where i ended up?.. heart broken!""you ended up with a friend. that's better than waking up with a hangover in a strage bed!""i guess you're right""i'm not leaving you alone tonight"eric and juliana stared into one another's eyes and kissed. they soon broke away and smiled at each other. we leave the picture with eric resting on juliana's shoulders          _______________________* this scene takes place during the jukebox scene in my latest full-lenght story, the outcats. 
(comment on this)3:13 pm
saving juliana saving juliana crash! any everyone all over the building heard the noise. but by the time veronica walked into to the room, juliana was long gone. veronica walked around juliana's tattered room, as tears began to slowly fall down her face."she must've really missed scotty boy" she told herself. she chewed her flowing auburn hair as she walked into the kitchen. she poured herself a cup of coffee and a shot of tequila, before resting on the kitchen stool. a quick glance around the room, and shot of tequila slipping down her throat. another quick glace, and then she saw it. three knives are missing from the knife block. and at that moment everything fell on her like a brick wall. juliana loved knives, and knives were something she was extraordinarily good with.veronica ran to her room and searched relentlessly until she found it- a hand gun. she never fired it, and never wanted to. but knowing juliana, the girl had a broken heart and three knives she could do a whole lot with. veronica wanted her friend back, and she was going to get her back by any means possible.veronica drove around for hours looking for juliana. and when she found her, she couldn’t believe her eyes. at one time in their lives they we're thieves, but despite the fact they've pointed their guns to face's of countless victims, they never once used their weapons to hurt or take away a life. but there she was, juliana torturing a man in a dark alleyway. you could feel the fear and pain in his eyes. veronica took a step back, composed herself and said"drop it or i'll shoot!""fuck off ronnie!" said juliana, with hints of venom secreting from her voice"let him go! he's done nothing to you, he doesn’t deserve this. let him go, and if you don’t i swear to god i will shoot. and don’t think i won’t, because i can and i fucking will!""don’t make me do this. i don’t want to hurt you!" screamed julianaveronica stood still and told the tortured man to run while he could. he ran, as juliana slowly turned to veronica. the women stared deep into each other eyes. and then. without a moments notice, veronica fell. veronica looked down at her leg and saw it. a stake knife logged into veronica's left thigh.veronica remained in shock, while juliana fell oh her knee, immediately realizing what she had done. but she shrugs off all emotion and shouts"come on sister, shoot me""no" screams veronica"fucking shoot me bitch!" demanded julianaveronica starts firing at all directions, while hoping each bullet won’t touch juliana. and to her surprise every bullet missed. except the last. juliana fell; she was shot in the shin. veronica crawled herself on to juliana, juliana resisted. but veronica strengthened her grasp and climbed on top of juliana"don’t be such a hostile bitch and let me in. let me help you. please, scotty boy may be gone, but you'll always have me. let me in" said veronica"do you want to fuck me?" asked juliana"what?""i'm kidding""there she is, i think i have my sister back" the day was breaking in, as veronica and juliana crawled out of the alley hand-in-hand to find eric waiting. he drove them home, and the world started to seem right again. 
(comment on this)3:11 pm
anything you want.... anything you want.....from the moment steve laid eyes on her last night, he knew he had to have her. she never minded him, but he knew she knew. he knew that she torturing him with her bluntness, and it killed him even more. he had to have her, he needed her. by this point steve could'nt care less about his wife of 6 years, even more so of his daughters. he looked at the barteneder and asked"bobby, who's the red head""teressa, she works here. i'd stay away if i were you" replied the bartenderteressa gazed at him for a moment, sipping her drink and smoking her cigarette. she laughed and crunched her long red curly hair.an hour passed and she was gone. the pub was closing up as he was the only one there."can i buy you a drink martha?" a woman asked"excuse me?" said steve as he turned to find that it was teressa."i saw you looking at me. vincent told me...""vincent?""yeah, vincent the bartended. can i get you a drink?"sure. i'm steve hamilton""teressa mcmahon. so what can i get you?""whisky sour""i'll have the same"teressa turned to vincent and asked for two whisky sours. she gazes into steve and lights a cigarette."you smoke?" teressa asked.despite the fact steve quited years ago, he accepted. he was in a diffrent city and a different state, so as far as he knew, he was single and a totaly different man..... just for tonight.after an hour and a half of the mindless "getting to know you" chit-chat. they decided to leave the cold bar together, arm-in-arm, hand-in-hand. by the time the got by the time they got to steve's car the passion grew higher. they huddle by a building, steve's left hand reaching to teressa's ass."not here. i know a place, a couple blocks down. the hotel '39" teressa said"beautiful. that's where i'm staying" steve repliedonce they got to steve's car, queens of the stone age's "go with the flow" ironicaly blared trough the speakers. steve drove though the snow, as teressa'a hand caressed steve's thigh. but at that moment steve gave into his consceins. he stared at the road and said"i'm married you know""does it matter?" teressa snaped back. she moved closer to his face to the point that steve had to stop the car in the middle of the empty road. her green eyes locked to his, she caressed his hair. and the scent of teressa's sweat and perfume began to mix and intoxicate steve."i am exactly what you want, i am what you need. you know what my intentions are! i will hit that lonley, excrutiating spot more ways that one. i'll be anything you want, i am everything you need. you'll love me more than yourself. you want me more than you're wife." teressa said with as her voice slithered with seductive venom."ok. lets do this""i knew you'd give in martha, i knew you would"that night teressa and steve had passionate sex about 3 times. at the fourth time, as they drew closer to climax. teressa gulped a an what was left in a bottle of char'donnay and gulped a hundfull of pills, she swirled it all together in her mouth and poured it down steve's mouth. and as the climax grew even closer, teressa strangled steve with everything she had.four days later, steve's body was found. the police felt that the killer was sp far away, when in fact she was behind them in every step they took. 
(comment on this)3:09 pm
quick stop quick stop it's 2:30 in the morning as a car parked at a nearby convinient store. the driver and the passanger, a young man and a young woman share a cigarette as they stared blanky into the store. the man pulled out two ski masks from the glove compartment."veronica, are you ready?" the man askedveronica stares even deeper into the store as she slowly smoked her cigarette."ronnie, i want you to look at me. we have done this before, this should'nt be any different. i want you to know that i understand what you feel right now." the young man said."eric, you can not even begin to imagine what i really feel. you just pray to god that someone i loved isnt in that store. come on, its show time" said veronica.they looked into the store once more, they count all the people inside the store, surprisingly there are quite a few people for that time in the night. they put on thier ski masks, closed the car and ran inside the store. once inside they pull out thier guns, one on each hand. eric points one gun at the cahsier/manager as he points the other to the customers"this is a robbery! everybody be fucking cool and no one gets hurt! screams veronica.quiclky they manage to shoot all the survalance camera's and alarm systems inside the store."ronnie, watch this fuck as i blow the survalace camera outside" said eric as he pointed to the cashier.as veronica watches the store clerk and the customers, she quickly glanced at eric from the window. eric soon returns and demands the clerk to empty the register and the safe. once the clerk was done, veronica stomed to the back room and shot the survalance system. once outside, eric was collecting the wallets, cellular phones, and watches of all the customers."you know what, as i look at the both of you, i dont see vigilanties. i see nothing but two small and pathetic motherfuckers who are fleeing constantly" the clerk said."fuck did you say?" inquired ericno reply."answer him or i swear to god i will blow your fucking brains out!'" demanded veronica as she slowly walked to the clerk. once near, she pointed the gun at his face and said."you dont know the both of us well enough to assume that." veronica said"i think i do, ronnie. it's chris, the love of your life" the clerk replied."chris?" veronica asked"i dont think you reconized me" chris replied"i do... wait a minute, wait a god damn minute!. you are full of crap, and you consider what i'm doing fleeing?. is this a case of calling the cattle black?" veronica said."i was not fleeding?!""what we're you doing then?""you wanna know?""yeah""come closer"as veronica went closer to chris, he quickly grabs her by the hair as he holds a shotgun in the other."drop the other gun or else i'll blow off ronnie's pretty little face!" screamed chris."shoot her and i swear to god i'll blow all these fucks to ying yang!" demanded eric as he pointed the gun to the customers.the radio plays a billy joel song in the distance, eric shot the radio and screamed "now is not the time william!"eric regained himself, he lloked at chris and said "let her go. and i've said it before and now i'm going to say it again, let her go or else i will shoot everyone of these fucks""i dont belive you, you seem repressed and not violent. i dont even think you've killed a fly" said chris.eric looked at chris straght in the face as he shot a customer."i am dead fucking serious. let her go" said eric as he pointed the gun at chris' face."put the gun on the ground and drop the money" demanded chriseric stared at chris with silent rage. he looks over at veronica and his heart began to break as he saw the tears fall down her face. hesitantly, he drops the gun and the money. chris soon threw veronica to eric, and a moment later eric and veronica we're gone.on the drive home, veronica continued to cry. eric stoped the car and asked"was that the "guy"?""yeah, thats him. drop me off here, i just want to be alone. i'll meet you back in your place" repied veronica."i'm not going anywhere. you should'nt be alone right now""just go eric. please"_____________________________about three hours after the incedent back in the quick stop, veronica showed up at the appartment of chirs. chiris hesitantly let her in."do you want coffee?" asked chris"no. i want closure." replied veronica"about what you said back in the store, i was fleeing. you dont know how overcome i was when i finnaly found somoeone who loved me, someone who loved pure and unconditionaly. pulling the gun to your head awhile ago was one of the hardest things i've ever done. i was a mess for so long, and the store was just helping me get back on my feet. if i had allowed you and eric to rob it, i would have lost everything i have fought for. i want you to leave, because i did'nt deserve you then, and i dont deserve you now." said chris as veronica walked to him and kissed him. she stared in his eyes for a moment then left. after chris had locked his door, he retired to his bedroom, where eric with a 45. was waiting for him."did you tell her what i told you to say?" inquired eric"yeah, i did.""good. i thought this night would have never come, but i'm glad it did. you never deserved to be loved by a beautiful woman like her, and i can never understand how she fell inlove with a guy like you. but she did. you're a piece of shit! look at me!. if you want to do any good to her, leave her alone. you've already broken her heart before, dont do it again. because if you do, dear god i will kill you, burn you and shit on your ashes. good night"and with those parting words, eric made his way to the front door. before eric left, chris went towards him and said"sooner or later you are going to do what i did. it's inevitable.""no. i could never do that to her, sure i have'nt know her for a long time. but i know her enough to know that she's the one."as eric walked out of chris' appartment building. he lit a cigarette and watched the sky. 
(comment on this)3:05 pm
knife grrl knife grrl its was a rainy thursday night, when she woke up naked and alone. eventhough it was 9:00 pm and that she had slept for only hour, she had that aching feeling of a hangover. her room was pitched black as the only ray of light she saw were the lighting clashes and the thunder bowling outside her window.she has a heart, a mind, but her soul lays hollow. she scratches her long brown hair as she begins to search for something to wear. thirty minutes pass when she walks out the door, she is attired in long black stalkings, a wrinked/ slightly battered old dress, and a hooded sweatshirt. she leaves in a bluff, but she wals back into her studio to search for her knife.once outside, she fights agianst the rain to get to a a dark alley way near her appartment. once there she stands in wait...and finaly there it is.... an unsuspecting victim... a tall, blond haired woman.. but unbeknownst to knife girl, the woman was a cop by the name of donita sparks.and as soon as knife girl grabed a hold of her, donita pulls out a 45. magnum. and there in the pouring rain, the women stood in a silent mexican stand off. the sweat and rain slowly dripping down thier bodies, the ardenaline pulsing through thier veins. but then, without warning knife girl darts a knife at donita's left leg. she retreats in a haste as donita moans for help on the ground. soon, donita starts firing shots at point blank range hoping to hit knife girl, but sadly, knife girl was now too far away. donita begins to slowly remove the knife from her leg and begins to hunt through a maze of a dark, filthy alleyways for knife girl.donita walks in a shower of blood and rain as she looks for knife girl. after 20 long painfull minutes, she finaly finds her. knife girl lays down in the 3rd story fire escape as donita walks towards her."you've brought me out here, and i now stand before you damp and bruised. i have all the power in the world, and i can be a real bitch and use that against you. but i wont, i dont know about you, but that makes me come out fucking corupt. whats your problem." donita said"scotty ramone" replied knife girl"i dont understand""you killed him in a bank holdup this day four years ago""he was a criminal, a common theif!""he was fucking framed!. yes, he was a ramone, but he was'nt like them. and now i want you to live with the tought that you killed an innocent man!. i want you to feel what i have for four years. the only difference is that the pain i want you to feel will be quick and painless"and as those words rolled down knife girl's lips, she pours gassoline all over a rusty butchers knife and with the aid of a match, she sets the knife on fire. she jumps off he fire escape and slowly walks towards donita. but then, donita quickly shoots knife girl on the shoulder. it wasnt before long that the two womnen lost thier weapons and fought one another in a bloody battle. after 15 long minutes. donita grabs knife girl and says"look i understand what you feel. lets stop this and let me help you"knife girls falls into donita's arms in tears, but soon lets go."maybe one day" said knife girl as she began to slowly walk away. 
(comment on this)3:04 pm
blister city love blister city loveit was about 14 years ago when i was fresh out of college and looking at a career in film when it had happened.it was a typical rainy night when a friend and i went to see mookie baylock play at the dive, by then the band had already changed thier name to pearl jam. the band was playing "porch" when i got on the stage and attempted the stage dive.... it was early on during the song....as i climbed to the stage..... and listened to eddie's words...."what the fuck is this world running to you didn't leave a messageat least i coulda' learned your voice one last time "and there i was on stage...."daily minefield, this could be my time by your...would you hit me?would you hit me?"and i dove off stage and into the arms of the crowd.... and as i surfed i saw her..... everything had stoped in that moment as the beginging of the mother love bone classic "chole dancer/crwon of thorns" played in my head.... her silent blue eyes, those red curly locks of hair.... i was inlovei finaly got off the mosh pit and wen to her. no introductions were needed as we began to kiss... we spent the whole show together and we spent the whole night together.....it was magical... that i know... despite the fact that i dont seem to recall much... i woke up the next morning alone, wondering if the events of the previous night had all been a dream... i never saw her agian after that, i hate myself for not getting her name... since then i've been searching for that girl...i was about a couple of years ago when i finaly gave up. a part of me had sunk with that cruel realization.....but something magical happened not to long ago. i was at pearl jam show at the dive. the moshing was gone, but the intestiy remains. and during the band's fitht horizon which is "black", i saw her again. and i made sure not to let her go this time........ 
(comment on this)3:03 pm
poems tales of the whore pockets of paper, asleep on the streets...she hunts another customer, as the baby he weaps...now i recon, i, have never seen anything like this for real...my heart goes out to her and the child, to you i feel...and now!after another hitlet it begin...the worlds oldest professesion, i cant judge if it is a sinand now with all the fluids sharedarived the noth- the note she has feared...how am i supposed to react....when her hymen was never intact.....and now she's going, going gone!!!!!!!!!!......and now!after another hitlet it begin...the worlds oldest professesion, i cant judge if it is a sin________________ugly blessed is the monsterblessed is the beastwhen i see my reflectionthat's the face i seei know i'm.......can you hear the nagging?can you hear the noise?only friends are- wrestling toysand the noises, they, drive me wildi'll wait till' my blood gets mild...and i'm remined i'm.......i'm a mess and dirtybut i'm clean and freei just want to be.... freenow begins the judgingcan you hear the words?leave me comizerating i'm going to sue the worldand i see the fingers..... directed at meall the rage inside, i cant keepwhen i've done the killing... i remember i'm....ugly! ugly!she dont want me!she dont keep me!she dont fuck me!she dont kiss me!she wont.... love me....i think i'm ugly..... i think i'm ugly..... 
(comment on this)







my website

 
about livejournal.com































