





over 100 years of strength, heritage, and stability - hershey trust founded in 1905 by milton s. hershey












toggle navigation








home
vision & mission
history
leadership
board of directors








over 100 years of strength, heritage, and stability.









hershey trust company serves as the trustee of the milton hershey school trust, the m.s. hershey foundation and the hershey cemetery perpetual care maintenance trust and focuses its business solely on these trusts, to advance the legacy of milton and catherine hershey in perpetuity through excellence in asset management and trust administration. founded in 1905 by milton s. hershey, hershey trust company is a pennsylvania-chartered trust company regulated by the pa department of banking and securities. for further information, call (717)520-1100 or send an email info@hersheytrust.com.

the trusts we serve





milton hershey school trust




501c(3) charitable trust
purpose is to house and educate an indefinite class of poor children through its sole named beneficiary
perpetual time horizon






m.s. hershey foundation




501c(3) charitable trust
purpose is to establish and maintain one or more educational institutions in derry township or support the public schools of derry township or provide for the vocational, cultural or professional education of any resident of derry township
perpetual time horizon






hershey cemetery perpetual care trust




501c(13) tax-exempt trust
established as a permanent lot care fund under title 9
perpetual time horizon




for information about the milton hershey school, visit their website at www.mhskids.org. for information about the m.s. hershey foundation, visit their website at www.mshersheyfoundation.org. available rental properties offered by hershey trust company, can be found at www.htcrealestate.com. for information about the hershey cemetery, visit their website at www.hersheycemetery.com.

















© 2024 hershey trust company 100 mansion road east po box 445, hershey pa, 17033-0445






