





alfred hc – a purveyor of all things online adult fun
























skip to content

alfred hca purveyor of all things online adult fun



				main navigation			




home
contact
ad partners


search

































how to hookup safely when using sex apps

 september 14, 2022 alfred hc 






it’s not a big deal to register on sex apps but the difficult part starts after that. if you are new to the world of hookups, you may be novice about the entire deal. sex is all fun but maintaining safety is far more important. so, are you interested to know how to hookup safely? keep reading then.
1. use authentic sex apps only
this is rule number 1. with the rising popularity of sex apps, new apps are coming forth with every new day. these fake apps often have scam details and fraud people. some demand a lump sum amount when you register for the first time. then when you scroll down, you cannot find any hookup partner near your place. the first thing that these false sites do is to allure you with some hot, sexy and horny women’s pictures and once you pay all the money, they have vanished! don’t fall for these. rather register only on authentic sex apps to find potential partners. from naughty.com to the classic tinder – choices are many; make the right decision. you can’t go wrong with a free mobile sex app like free fuckbook app or a platform that has been around for a long time like adultfriendfinder or one of it’s niche sites.
2. know the basics
before you start chatting, it’s time to examine the profile. learn the basics like where the person belongs to, you can also learn about ethnicity, language, and other information. now, you may ask “i am not here to look for a life partner. a few warm nights will be fine”. sure it will be. still, we stress on the point when it comes to safety. usually, genuine people upload all the basic info and fake ones shy away from doing these. oh, yet another thing that you would want to see is his/her picture. genuine people usually upload their activity pictures on the dating sites. don’t settle for only a hot profile picture, lookout for more.
3. chat and sext for some time
i see it, i have it – well, that shouldn’t be the case once it comes to hookup. spend some time chatting to understand if the other person is looking for sex or just draining your money! this is highly beneficial if you want to warm up before actually hooking up – we are talking about sex chat by the way! sexting and exchanging naughty photos is a great way to feel out a vibe and set the mood.
4. try to choose the meet up location
of course, it’s about the two of you but a little upper hand goes a long way. let him or she decide the role you two are going to play and you determine the place of hooking up. fair deal? more than fair for you, we say! why? well, you sure don’t want to get stuck in an unknown place right? if you are hooking up in your place or at least a familiar hotel, you are comfortable in the surrounding. that way, you have an added advantage.
5. don’t carry expensive items along
if you are meeting at a hotel, it’s better not to carry expensive items like a watch or credit card, or too much money in your wallet. you never know the other partner’s intention! also, if you are meeting at your place, you have more work to do. keep all the items safe in the locker. try not to eat anything external. get your food home delivered and enjoy the action.
6. keep it on the down low
when we are talking about safety, it’s not only about the action but also about its secrecy. making it public will only drive people’s attention and they can even go to the extent of pressurizing you to get into something serious! further, if your hookup info is revealed, others may not get interested in you. dreaded, right? the only way to evade these is to keep it a secret. inform your partner to keep this a secret and maintain the secrecy yourself as well. make sure to remove social media account or open with a different name (say, a nickname). while traveling, try to take individual transport for each of you. restrain from taking selfies (we know it hurts, but safety comes first!).
7. wait to exchange numbers
when you two go out for the first time, you already know whether you will go out again or this is the end! depending on your preference, you should divulge your number or not. it’s better not to give out your number right while chatting. also, it’s better to keep a phone number dedicatedly for your affairs if you are a regular in this. that way, you don’t have to involve your official number. also, you sure know that phone too is an expensive item. as we were discussing earlier, it’s better to keep a cheap phone that you can carry along while meeting the other. what, you are bothered about impression? well, safety overrides everything!
last hookup tips
follow these pro tips and you are good to go. of course as with any form of adult fun, consent from all parties is a primary requirement and protection and safe sex practices is highly encouraged. this is more important that just one hookup. these actions actually ensure the safety of the online … read the rest  


 hookup dating apps 



my favorite casual dating apps

 june 5, 2021 alfred hc 






who does not love having some no strings attached fun. it sounds amazing when you don’t have to take responsibility or need to be accountable for waking up late yet have some real fun without any judgemental call, right? casual dating apps have made it all the more easier since you don’t have to spend long hours finding the right partner. they are just around the corner, all you need is to wave a hi, that too, with a click or touch! sounds exciting? it sure is, let’s check out some of my favorite casual dating apps then! before starting, let me tell you how i have shortlisted these apps. i have picked these on the basis of their genuineness (as found by me and my friends) and uniqueness. hope you’ll find the list useful. let’s check these out then.
wild
the best part about the app is that it will show you relevant results even after you pass through these accidentally. the automation of the app is really strong to find who you deserve or suit the most. you can reach global users through the app and let me tell you, a huge percentage of people are accessing this app currently. so you can hookup with someone even when you are on the move. here you can upload some nsfw pictures in a locked mode and only the people in your actual match list can see these. that way you can protect your profile from your friends on facebook.
the app charges $6.99 per month for ordinary membership and its vip version costs $29.99 per month.
lsa

lsa, short for local sex app, is an amazing location based hookup site. the best part? it’s free. it is basically like a tinder or bumble, but everyone on it is strictly looking for casual encounters. it has a massive fuckbook making it easy to find like-minded people anywhere in the world. they have a huge user base in the u.s. and all throughout europe. try it by visiting localsexapp.com and experience one of the best free fuck sites out. 
hud
if you are new to the casual dating world, you must look for safety first. in that case hud is your ideal choice. if you are not sure whether to start sex chatting with someone or not, simply start a normal conversation. this is more like a facebook chat room with higher possibility of getting laid. if things go steamy, don’t shy away from moving with the flow. it has a quirky my bedroom feature where you can share your fantasies and preferences. this is for more bold people and i just love it.
it has multiple membership tiers ranging from $19.99-$84.99. pick yours.
feeld

this is the room to fulfill all your fantasies and fetishes. yup, you read that right. here’s a quick glimpse: before being named as feeld, it was named as 3nder. this indicates tinder for 3. this is an ideal app if you are looking a partner for threesome. whether you are a single person, looking for 2 more or a couple looking for one, this can be an ideal destination for you.
before getting started you may form a group to start virtual sex with the rest. you can also filter out your facebook friends from the app so that they cannot find your existence in the app. cool? it truly is!
online dating is big business, so we can expect to see even more options for casual dating apps and sites. these are my top casual dating apps. what’s yours? comment below and i may try!… read the rest  


 hookup dating apps 



onlyfans accounts worth subscribing too

 april 8, 2021 (april 29, 2021) alfred hc 






let’s start today’s article with a quick fact. in the recent months after the pandemic has hit the world, the number of people on onlyfans have rapidly increased. this means there are more than ever profiles in the platform. some are really good while others are not that much. now, when it comes to subscribing, how will you determine whom to pick? unlike social media platforms like youtube or instagram, or even youtube, you cannot subscribe to an onlyfans profile for free. and you sure don’t want to squander resources by subscribing to random profiles?
no worry. we got you covered. here are a few handpicked sex bombs present on onlyfans and you must follow them right now. go through the handy list and thank us later!
kendall west
gorgeous blonde with tattoos covering her body and flaunt-worthy ass – we love kendall west. she is an amateur onlyfans creator and you must subscribe to her profile. check her out before she joins mainstream and the subscribing cost go high!
lacey sullivan
as a recent onlyfans creator, lacey sullivan or luv_gorgeous has received a wide fan following, due credit to her sexy boobs and experimental clips with sex toys.
alexis texas
do you love to check out those flawless beauties from florida? you cannot miss alexis texas then! she is a huge hit on onlyfans yet offers a really affordable subscription cost to her account! such generosity, much wow! she posts at least one photograph or video clip every day so you cannot miss her for long. check out her saucy pictures now! oh and she also got some really exclusive masturbate videos that can beat those in brazzers.com!
jem wolfie

by paying only $5.00 per month, you can unlock over 200 pictures and 80 sizzling videos of this brunette. she got some of the largest tits in the industry. and trust us, it’s not any artificial ones with breast enlargement, it’s all natural! sounds exciting?
mia malkova
do you love to follow people who share lots of content? do you love to check out regular live streams? we got mia malkova for you then.
she posts several times per day and the best part is that the subscription charge for her account is not too much. also, her video clips are a few minutes long and she posts thousands of clips. so it’s totally worth your money. oh and she also answers dms regularly. nice, right?
kimmy granger
kimmy granger has locked her profiles so you cannot get a glimpse into her life without subscribing to her account. no worry, we have done that for you. she is one of the top pornstars and you must have checked her videos on pornhub. she also has a profile on onlyfans and you can easily get a glimpse into her bedroom through this.
though she doesn’t have too many videos, her profile is full with thousand of horny photographs. you would love to see this sexbomb getting all naughty.
molly eskam

molly eskam has one of the most popular and expensive profiles on onlyfans. she doesn’t have too many posts and we found around 100 pictures on her account. however, if you are more into quality over quality, you may want to subscribe her profile. unlike the amateur pornstars, she got some really professional erotic images in her profile that will make you go gaga!
just for your note, have you checked molly eskam’s instagram profile? she recently uploaded an image in bodysuit. hot!
lena paul
just like molly eskam, lena paul too doesn’t have too many images on her profile. however, the catch is, she offers all for free. so you need not pay any bucks to enjoy some really erotic views. the pornstar got a huge and luscious pair of boobs and we cannot but watch them naked! she also got some of masturbation video clips and you don’t wanna miss them!
kkvsh
kkvsh’s viral videos are spread around the web and perhaps flooding your incognito tab but those are really expensive. she is one of the most expensive pornstars in the contemporary porn industry. onlyfans is perhaps the cheapest platform to subscribe to her sexy images and videos. the stunning woman posts smattering pictures and videos in our account quite regularly so you may check out.
kendra sunderland
though she got an interesting name on her onlyfans account, she is not that innocent girl sitting with books in a library corner. the beautiful lass, belonging to oregan, is popular for having sex in different corners of the libraries. haven’t you checked them yet? pornhub got some awesome videos that you may check out.
and for more closer and frequent views, consider subscribing her on onlyfans. for about $5 a month, you get stunning views of her tits and pussy in hd quality! what more? she occasionally posts her teasers videos on onlyfans even before these get published on brazzers.com or pornhub.com. so you won’t miss an update for sur
christy mack
do you have turn for black beauties with tattoos all over the body? then you cannot afford to miss christy mack. her profile has over 700 pictures and she is adding more each month. nowadays, we have noticed a wide range of followers in her profile and more regular updates. you can also give her a chance.
emily willis
emily willis posts daily content on her onlyfans … read the rest  


 mmmm...porno 








recent posts


how to hookup safely when using sex apps


my favorite casual dating apps


onlyfans accounts worth subscribing too


categories

hookup dating apps

mmmm…porno


archives

september 2022
june 2021
april 2021

meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org












						copyright ©2025 alfred hc : a purveyor of all things online adult fun. theme: simple dark by indocreativemedia.
					











