




reverend kim's sacred temple






















 
























































welcome to my sacred temple.  i'm glad you're here.  this is a page dedicated, among other things, to the netjer, who are the gods of the ancient egyptians, and my personal gods and friends.  i hope you enjoy yourself, and perhaps you too will come to understand me, and the netjer, a little better.  come on in and look around!  3/20/06the reverend is back once again!  i've had to put things on the back burner for a while, and (cheap cop-out) i've actually honest-to-goodness been meaning to come around and update everything, but i just haven't gotten around to it.  thanks everybody for your patience, and for coming back for more and for not giving up on the human race.more on this in the what's new page, which has finally been updated!!!  thank you.







welcome to the jungle.







about myself

i am a reiki master teacher, a master practitioner of over eight years, and a reiki practitioner of ten.  i am 36 years of age in this year 2012 (omfg i can't believe i've turned 36), a cancer, a priestess, magickian and ordained minister, a novice herbalist, an otherkin, an unpublished (frustrated) writer, an amateur photographer, a phi theta kappan, a crochet fiend, a college graduate!!!, and owned by too many cats and one dog.  it is my sad duty to report that one of our sweetest babies passed away in january '06.  belly-rub (a.k.a. belly-baby), who was so named because the first thing he'd do was roll over for you to rub his belly, died of acute kidney failure.  he spent his last hours at home in the loving care of his human and feline family. i will also take this time to remember the two cats who passed away on april 17th 2003, after spending two and a half years with us, angel died quietly in the night.  on april 18th, the very next day, cyrano debergercat died in the company of her loving humans, after seven years with us, and gifting us with a litter of kittens, one of whom is still with us today.  the other was named belly-rub.we are still not sure how this terrible tragedy happened, to take these two loving girls away from us.i will be constructing a memorial page for these beautiful animals.   ***standing note to my readers: we are still fostering several cats in our home, supposedly temporarily.  they are all good-natured, wonderful kids who are in need of a permanent loving home.  so far the list is as follows:--two female kittens approaching three years old, one of whom has feline leukemia.  they are both extremely healthy and playful, and get along with the dogs and most of the other cats.--one adult female, a former mother who recently got fixed.  she is a "person" cat, and so far has not gotten along well with the other animals.  she is very sweet to humans, however.--one growing litter of kittens.  one of the kittens and their mother have already been adopted; the rest have not.  these kids have all been fixed. if you or someone you know is interested in giving these beautiful animals a permanent loving home in a family environment, please let me know.  contact me via my guestbook, or via email at "reverendkim@care2.com".  thank you.  we now return you to your regularly scheduled webpage.  my relationship to the gods  as i stated before, i am also a priestess of the goddess nuit, who has been recognized as the sky, especially the night sky.  she is shown in many egyptian motifs stretching out over the earth...usually in these motifs she is accompanied by her beloved, geb.  she is said to have given birth to the netjer, to ra, osiris, etc., with the help of geb, the earth on whom we stand.  these two have been calling to me for years, long before i knew there was a word for the love i felt for both of them.  the call to priesthood came after several years of study, exploration and reflection, which is how i think it should be.  more than four years ago (in october) i became an ordained minister with the universal life church, which merely confirmed what i had known all along.   i maintain a personal, solitary relationship with my lady and my lord.  perhaps you can rightly say that since i don't have followers i'm not a proper priestess.  you may be right.  all i really know is, i'm theirs, and they are mine.  if i find myself charged with teaching others about this, then so be it.  if not, no problem.  i'm happy enough just enjoying their sweet company, and i hope the feeling is mutual. i make magick in my life, and after 36 years of life (omfg i can't believe i've turned 36) i feel as if i've found my calling at last.  i make the best of my life in the mundane world here in northern indiana, and my lady and my lord make my nights complete.  the reverend now has a blog!  now i'm a little less obsolete than i was before. :) check it out, babes!    the upcoming sabbat is: lammas!! our last sabbat was: litha! the current season is summer!   new!!! environmental pages up and running!  come see what you can do to help save life on earth!what's new with me updated weekly or as the spirit moves the vacation tour is up and running!  see some of the highlights of my august 2000 visit to japan!  come one, come all!  (under construction, as ever) well, that's all for now.  thanks for stopping by!  keep dropping by, as this page is always under construction.  i wish you well on your path, and may the ladies and lords, by whatever names you call them, bless you. reverend kim







































the rainforest site--click daily to help save the rainforests!!

care2.com, a completely awesome environmental website!! it has click sites like the rainforest site, as well as lots of green info, recipes, healthy living, activism petitions, and so on. i cannot say enough about this site!

come meet my friend pat, an honest-to-goodness n'awlin's crone!  seriously, she's cool.



































search:
                                    
tripod
                                    the web
                                    














 









