


shoesense






















	shoesense 
	



thursday, august 28, 2008



	 
	 what a girl wants...
	 
    
i have been thinking a lot recently about keeping a really great versatile pair of heels in my car (or office) - so that where ever i go, i can get dressed up in a jiffy if need be. you know those times, when you unexpectedly end up going to an event where you want to look extra cute - but your comfy flats just aren't cutting it. so this go-to pair would have to be really wearable, with possibilities to match almost any outfit and provide elegance for a fairly formal function or an extra pop on a blah errand-running ensemble.i still haven't really found a perfect pair - but i am considering a few different criteria. these shoes must be a neutral color to go with anything. it seems to me that a nude, metallic, grey, or bold color (like bright green or yellow!) would be the best choices. i feel like a classic shape would be best - maybe a nice peep-toe pump? although this could limit things if you were in dire need of a pedi... hmm... i guess i'll just have to make sure i keep my tootsies in good shape ;) the shoes would also have to be made of a fairly wearable material - no satin or suede in case there is inclimate weather. the heel would have to not be too too high, in case a bit a walking was involved.so i have hunted down the best styles and this is what i've come up with:boutique 9 unika, $149.99, heels.comparis hilton (i know!) catalina, $78.88, heels.coml.a.m.b. daran, $334.99, heels.commarciano lila, $194.99, heels.comboutique 9 narcissa 4, $135.00, piperlimeoh deer blair, $139.99, heels.comdolce vita madison, $150.00, shopbopforever 21 jelena, $19.80, forever21.coml.a.m.b. kochi (it's a gorgeous purple - hard to tell in the picture), $319.99, heels.comwhich ones are your favorites? do you have any other suggestions?beautiful photo from the sartorialistlabels: boutique 9, dolce vita, forever 21, heels.com, high heels, lamb, marciano, oh deer, paris hilton, piperlime, shopbop

posted by shoe angel @ 2:20 pm
57 comments






thursday, july 31, 2008



	 
	 what would you spend more on? flats vs heels
	 
    
well it has been quite a while hasn't it!however, i'm back and plan on blogging much more regularly.recently i have fallen head over heels - well not exactly heels - in love with mo, a super cute flat sandal from claudia ciuti. bows get me every time!as a little preface, i'm a true high heel lover and i firmly believe in the policy that higher is always better. but in real life things just don't work out that way because its impossible to wear 4 inchers all the time! long ago i began looking for more practical footwear options and i've found a plethora of fabulous ballet flats - but then winter turned to summer and once again i need some sensible, yet summery options. i'm not a big fan of flip-flops and i wanted something a bit dressier...i believe mo is the answer! however, there is one outstanding problem... mo is a little pricey for a girl on a budget!i know i would get much more wear out of this shoe than almost all of my sky-high heels because they are so practical, but somewhere in my silly mind i am much more inclined to spend a lot on the ultimate, sexy pair of heels than a pair of sandal flats.what do you think? would you spend more on a practical and cute pair of flats that you would get a ton of wear out of or a fun, flawless high heel that you could only wear a few times a month?labels: claudia ciuti, flats, high heel-a-thon, high heels, kelly ripa, lamb

posted by shoe angel @ 11:40 am
26 comments






saturday, january 12, 2008



	 
	 a good investment
	 
    
 in this day and age of sex and the city and custom made shoe closets, i found myself motivated to make an investment in a few quality pieces. and yes my friends, that means dug deep into a now empty wallet. i don’t mean to say that i blew money on a few pairs of shoes, because in all actuality i probably spend the same amount of money on several pairs that fall apart after a full season of wear. i simply discovered a few great finds that will last for years and be a great addition to my current wardrobe…or (gulp) maybe i just have a shoe addiction. but wait, i’m not alone!! a recent article in harpers bazaar magazine reported that one in four women would rather buy another pair of shoes than pay bills. yikes!so i just had to face it, and realized that no matter how many self-help books i read and the number of yoga classes i took – i was determined to buy some great shoes!and i’m here to tell you about my new baby!my first baby was named ivana. the actual style name is ivanas, and is made by bcbgmaxazria – who by the way is my favorite shoe designer. the name itself is chic and sexy! when i first saw this shoe, i was literally speechless. the sheer sex appeal of the metal chain t-strap and the skinny heel was more than i could bear. i had to have this shoe!! the price was over $200, and within my budget this qualified as an “investment piece.” for other people, this is probably everyday fodder. but i knew right away, that i must make it mine.i quickly grabbed my credit card and got to ordering. within two days these new found gems were sitting at my doorstep! the unveiling was so intense, it felt like time had stopped. i opened the pretty shoe box, and within moments my new sexy shoes were in my hands. i was so pleased with how they looked in person, that i was ready to propose marriage. seriously, who is bcbgmaxazria and how can i send him flowers? the delicate metal chains were glorious!!needless to say, they live comfortably in their shoe box and come out on special occasions. i have worn them three times since they came to live with me, and i’ve had nothing but standing ovations from anyone in my path. these shoes are stellar, and i couldn’t imagine life in a dress without them.i am still on the prowl for two or three other shoe babies, that i will love and cherish always. if they each bring me as much happiness as ivana has, then i’m on the road to some happy feet!

posted by shoe angel @ 9:33 pm
34 comments










love fashion footwear but you're also comfort minded? confused by the eternal dilemma of having to sacrifice one for the other? welcome to shoesense, where you will find stylish shoes and news. 
email shoe angel at shoesense1 at gmail dot com
favorite shoe blogs
heels and the queen city
the shoe girl
sea of shoes
fashion blogs
shoeblog
about shoes
a dress a day
almost girl
brown 712
budget fashionista
catwalk queen
closet therapy
clothesaholic
cool chiq
coutorture
denimology
fashionable kiffen
fashion addict diary
fashion incubator
fashionologie
fashiontribes
fashion weekly
final fashion
go fug yourself
i am fashion
i am pretty nyc
le fashionista
kiss me stace
kristopher dukes
la femme
manolo's shoe blog
millionaire socialite
shoeblogging
shoebuy
shoelover
shoewawa
shoebunny
shoe iq
sole 2 sole
some like it haute
spirit fingers
style bubble
stylehive
the bag lady
the bargain queen
the bag blog
the fashion student
the salon @ starstyle
shesheme
the sartorialist
the space between my peers
thrifty boutique
tribunal of good taste
watch fashion
buy shoes
heels.com
endless.com

zappos!
6 pm
shoe sale
arthur beren shoes
bulo shoes
bluefly
gotham city online
just our shoes
neiman marcus
plaza too
nordstrom
saks fifth avenue
shoebuy
shoefinity
shoemania
shoes.com
vivre
yoox
previous posts

what a girl wants...
what would you spend more on? flats vs heels
a good investment
shiny little things
major elements
“ugg’s” are they in or out?
i love my new flats
gwen stefani has new shoes!!!
please update your blogroll!
closed shop

archives

february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
november 2006
february 2007
december 2007
january 2008
july 2008
august 2008


















