








london ontario guitar teacher & music studio






































 













larry smith music
guitar lessons,   live performance,   recording/music productionprofessional musician | london, ontario





 














				home			 
				about			 
				beatles tunes			 
				contact			 
		lessons	

				private lessons			 
				group lessons			 
				learn from the best			 
				testimonials			 


























a personal approach to learning guitar
guitar lessons blending proven traditional guitar training with modern guitar teaching technology. these advanced guitar lessons can reduce the time it takes to learn to play guitar.  larry smith teaches and plays acoustic guitar, bass guitar, classical guitar, jazz guitar, rhythm guitar, rock guitar and more.


















london guitar teacher
learn to play guitar better, sooner

feel yourself improving every time you play the guitar
learn what you need to play guitar beyond your expectations
discover what it takes to boost your guitar playing to a higher level

larry smith teaches people how to play guitar in the london, ontario area. offering group guitar classes and private guitar lessons in most guitar styles including acoustic guitar, bass guitar, classical guitar, jazz guitar, rhythm guitar, rock guitar and more. 









 












guitar lessons should be about you!
as a guitar teacher, larry smith shows you how to play a guitar by teaching those songs, chords and ideas that you want to learn instead of standard exercises out of a book.
the guitar lessons follow a personalized approach, allowing you to learn guitar in the style you want, combining new guitar skills with whatever you've already learned.
as new songs and guitar skills are introduced, you will learn to see the patterns and shortcuts that all great guitar players know and use. larry shows you how to play guitar whether, acoustic guitar, electric guitar, lead guitar, rhythm guitar, bass guitar, rock guitar, jazz guitar, blues guitar or country guitar in a fun, exciting way that is geared to your musical style and tastes.
learn to play guitar in a way that builds on your ability, and fits your schedule and reduces the time it takes to learn to be a good guitarist.
learn more about private guitar lessons
learn more about group guitar lessons





 












what students have to say...









madalena kozachuk 
he tailors the music lesson to your needs, is flexible and positive. i have studied … read morehe tailors the music lesson to your needs, is flexible and positive. i have studied with larry for about a decade. his lessons often included a lot of learning by doing, an approach that really stimulated my song writing and eventually, led to performance, and recording.self-direction was also a key element of studying with larry. i was encouraged to bring in tunes that i loved. larry suggested songs and composers for me to listen to, an exchange that really encouraged self-expression.whenever a more formal framework was necessary, larry provided the concepts that help keep me engaged, curious and interested. in other words, the lessons are tailored to the student.larry’s sense of wonder about music and performance is rare; especially for someone who loves to teach and is really an amazing at it!












 

















larry smith music - london ontario
teaching guitar for over 35 years
contact larry today








 




 








 


 





















 back to top





