














pilgrim’s inn: deer isle bed and breakfast in downeast maine
















































pilgrim's inn


pilgrim's inn navigation menu

skip to main content
welcome
blog
sitemap
photo gallery
view all accommodations
policies
directions/contact us
things to do
specials & packages
accessibility statement
about the inn
elopement packages
retreats & events
checkin
dining
job opportunities
bar manager job application
head chef job application
host job application
house manager job application
pilgrim’s inn general job application
restaurant foh & events manager job application








call (207) 348-6615 for assistance


     


book nowreserve table 




menu


main menu
skip to image rotation. please use up and down arrow keys to navigate between images.
skip to primary content
about the inn

job opportunities
things to do
directions/contact us
policies


accommodations

view all accommodations
rooms
cottages
amenities
check availability
book now


dining
specials & packages

packages
retreats & events


 








check in: 
check out: 




check availability








welcome to pilgrim’s inna historic deer isle, maine inn and restaurant




closed for the season!  
book now for 2025 lodging!
the pilgrim’s inn: a beautiful downeast maine island bed and breakfast that is perfect for relaxation & romance!
our 3 cottages, each with an independent entrance, are perfect for an extended stay. check out our pilgrim’s inn deer isle, maine youtube channel for videos showcasing each of our three cottages. the main inn building, which was built in 1793, offers 12 unique guest rooms, plus the dining room in the barn, the library, game room, bar and several common rooms to enjoy.
overlooking picturesque northwest harbor and tranquil mill pond, pilgrim’s inn on deer isle is the perfect place to experience all the things to do in downeast maine. built in 1793, our historic post-and-beam inn welcomes you with the ambiance of a bygone era. lovingly restored and meticulously maintained, our inn is listed on the national register of historic places. we are proud members of inns along the coast. our lodging in deer isle will surely create memories that will last a lifetime.

let our knowledgeable and friendly staff help plan your deer isle, maine vacation from beginning to end. we will start with finding the perfect room at our comfortable bed and breakfast. of the hotels in deer isle, our pleasant rooms and cottages will give you unmatched rest and relaxation during your downeast maine getaway.

read more 









 




 




 




 











 pilgrim's inn
20 main street deer isle, me 04627 phone: (207) 348-6615
https://pilgrimsinn.com    innkeeper@pilgrimsinn.com
latitude: 44.2236746 longitude: -68.6888234


 













© pilgrim's inn 2025. all rights reserved 2025. website design and marketing by acorn marketing.  photography by christian giannelliaccessibility statement | privacy policy | site map


















 


