















home | victory electric cooperative































      skip to main content
    












3230 n. 14th avenue - dodge city, ks 67801
620.227.2139 | 800.279.7915
 











































search









1-800-279-7915




smarthub login



quick bill pay




































aboutyour cooperativenon-discriminationoffice informationvictory today and yesterdayannual meetingwhat are capital credits?seven cooperative principlesboard of trusteesmanagement teamcareer opportunitiesmember noticemember centerpayment choicesnew member informationsmarthubdemandprepay powerautopaypayment arrangements and assistancebilling procedures and due datesinvoice paymentssecurity deposits & feesyour bill explainedprotect yourself against payment scamsservice requestsopen an account and connect servicedisconnecting servicegovernance/policies & proceduresrules and regulations, bylaws and ratescold weather rulemedical necessitycommunicationspublicationskansas country living magazine and electronews newsletterlatest newsdocument libraryvideo librarylegislative awareness and grassroots effortsmy communityeventspumpkin festivalchristmas parade of lightsprogramscobank sharing success grantcommunity, school & electrical safety presentationsyouth programsscholarship opportunitiesyouth tour & leadership campour community partnerspower 101outage preparednessoutage centerpreparing for a power outagemy power is out. now what?how power is restoredpower supply and getting it to youwinter storm preparedness and safetysafety resourcessafety checklistelectrical safetywhat to do in an emergencyoversize loadsdig safe and ks one calltrees and power linesgenerator safetysurge protectionreport a street light problemenergy solutionsenergy resourcessolar energycommunity solaradvanced metering














latest






if you are experiencing a power outage, please call our office at 620-227-2139 or 800-279-7915. thank you! 
stay connected. sign up on smarthub to receive outage text alerts.










1 / 2
              







  









 











report a streetlight outage 

victory electric crews aren't able to patrol streets in the dark and nighttime hours. help us keep the lights on by reporting a streetlight outage through our online web form. click the button below!  

report a streetlight 













click here to learn more.  







click here 













learn more 


 
 







pay bill online




safe. secure. smart.
register. login. pay now.
manage your account like never before!























career opportunities 




sponsorship request




rules, regulations, tariffs




contact us




energy resources
























































energy resources
ever wonder where your energy dollars are going? you can learn how you can take control of your energy bills with victory electric’s personalized energy analysis videos, alerts and applications.

learn more












community solar
victory electric residential members have the opportunity to participate in the generation of solar energy without the expensive installation of solar panels and electrical equipment, or the worry of maintenance and damage. victory has secured shares of johnson corner solar farm in southwest kansas for its members to purchase with no long-term commitments. members may subscribe to shares in 125 kwh blocks up to the maximum of their home’s average usage. 

learn more
















 















news & events




















streamline and save with smarthub
thursday | february 6, 2025




read more >











beware of legal matter scam
friday | january 24, 2025




read more >











victory electric celebrates 80 years of powering community
tuesday | january 7, 2025




read more >






view more news






































follow us on facebook!

 






























































quick links


contact us


victory electric tariffs


legal information











bill due dates

all bills are due on the 28th (cycle 3) or the 29th (cycle 1) of every month. if the due date falls on a weekend, holiday or any day other than a regular business day, the bill is due the next business day before 5 p.m.
















 



















 

















©2025 victory electric cooperative. all rights reserved. this institution is an equal opportunity provider and employer.


powered by co-op web builder



















