






home | the ground crew












































 











 







lightworkers who serve humanity and mother earth 






facebook

 




toggle navigation





home
about us 

favorite links


newsletters 

straight from the heart
prophecy of the lights 

prophecy of the lights newsletter


donations


sessions 

session testimonials


classes
events 

testimonials


contact us
 










































call to action


lightworkers who serve humanity and mother earth
 
about us

















straight from the heart





sign up for my monthly newsletter here


monthly blog 















check out our upcoming classes!
these classes are experiential. i have been working with these special ones for many years, so they are actually transmissions, not channelings.
classes are $33 each. 
 
get more info 









 
 
straight from the heart
 
monthly channeled messages from valerie donner


 
 
sessions with valerie
 
 intuitive healing, spiritual counseling and readings
 
 
 


 
 
classes / events
 
classes teleconferences, and other events


 
 
 prophecy of the lights
 
kymberlee ruff formerly hopi/tibetan prophecies 









the ground crew





the ground crew is a global group of people who are united in the belief that we are co-creating the new age of god. they are lightworkers who want to serve humanity now because they love and revere life and mother earth. they feel a oneness with all of life, including our space brothers and sisters. they are aware of many of the ancient prophecies, the strange weather patterns, increased seismic and volcanic activity, and other changes that all point to the fact that something big is about to happen on our planet.
the material provided on this website is designed to help lightworkers to keep their own centeredness, while adjusting to all that is happening around us. regular articles are posted under the straight from the heart section. we also offer classes, teleclasses, individual sessions, and group channelings for additional guidance and assistance.
 



 
 

valerie donner founded the ground crew in 1996, with encouragement from the light realms to spread their messages out to as many people as possible. in these accelerated times we are in, she is currently posting at least one channeled message a month. these messages help us all to understand and align with the changes as they are happening.
 
 
about valerie donner 
 
 










join the ground crew
sign up for our mailing list
 receive channeled messages from the light realms that help to understand and align your energies in these challenging times.



subscribe 


















dear friends
this website and the information it contains is provided to all of humanity. it is supported solely by donations and volunteer efforts.
please consider making a donation to help us continue providing this valuable information.









donate


























contact infocopyright: © the ground crew 2021-2024. all rights reserved.    creatively yours ~  pim branding








privacy policy








special thanks




























