







executive coaching



























my 
    executive coach & the learning engine


go deep, be 
    courageous, emerge a winner!

serving the business and professional 
    community since 1983! 



executive coaching and leadership development

ranked among the world's top 15 executive coaching firms for three years 
running! 


2022 
global business award from corp today magazine for best in executive 
coaching  

dr. elizabeth fried

known  
affectionately  as 
"the heat-seeking missile,"  elizabeth's no-nonsense approach gets to the 
heart of the matter to help you move forward

recipient of three 2021 
global business  awards: most outstanding in executive coaching, best in 
executive coaching - san diego, and best training services provider - west  usa

named for five 
consecutive years in the san diego business journal's book of lists (2016-2020) as among the top 15 executive 
training firms in the area
located in carlsbad - san marcos (san diego), 
california and serving national and international markets
"when elizabeth 
      and i began working together, the company was in the process of being 
      acquired.  with any acquisition there is always a certain level of 
      turmoil, and we were no different. we experienced significant changes in 
      our culture that affected not only the way we did business but also 
      created dramatic increases in the environmental pace and workforce 
      expectations.  elizabeth was instrumental in helping me pilot the company 
      to achieve a safe landing through this stormy time.  in doing so, she 
      provided the tough feedback necessary to keep me focused on the 
      organization’s goals.  she consistently held my feet to fire, and did so 
      with humor and sincere encouragement.  for me, she was most valuable in 
      her uncanny ability to quickly synthesize the dynamics of whatever was 
      going on at the moment and simplify it, allowing me to step back and 
      broaden my perspective.   then she would provide me the precise tools i 
      needed to effectively  address the situation.  i truly appreciated 
      our time together.  i learned a lot, laughed a lot (often at myself), and 
      believe i am a more successful leader because of it."  


 –brad 
 lee, president, breg, inc., carlsbad, ca 



(no longer a need to complete a form 
      as stated in the video,  
      just call us at 760.598.8888)
"at the time i 
      engaged elizabeth fried, my company was growing fast. so why did i need a 
      coach?  for the first 10 years as a co-founder and entrepreneur, i 
      wore many hats, taking on the lion’s share of the operational, sales and 
      marketing roles. now that i had a competent leadership team to manage 
      these functions, i asked myself, “where do i fit in?”  elizabeth 
      helped me to realize that i still had a very important role, just a 
      different one.  i began to recognize that for senior management to 
      drive and meet the organization’s goals, they needed a highly strategic 
      leader whose vision and core values focused on their development.  my 
      role now was to help them become better thinkers and leaders.  to 
      accomplish this, elizabeth designed our sessions to build my skills and 
      confidence.  she challenged me to stretch my thinking about the 
      business, face conflict fearlessly, and inspire my staff by improving my 
      communication style and skills.  she always held me accountable.  
      finally, i am pleased to report that our business is doing great and i feel more prepared and confident as a 
      leader."
–david duong, ceo, shoemetro, 
      san diego, ca  
(update:  one year after completing our 
      coaching engagement, david sold his company to dsw 
      for $62.5 million--i'm so proud of him!) 
"at the start 
      of my coaching sessions with elizabeth, my company was suffering from low 
      morale, an uninspired culture, and an undefined mission. the force behind 
      these headwinds was my leadership style, or lack thereof. i routinely held 
      any and all decisions to myself, despite the fact that doing so would pull 
      me away from being a true leader that would further the company as a 
      whole. through 18 months of coaching with elizabeth, i am happy to say 
      that i am surrounded by an ideal set of staff members who i can depend on 
      through mutual trust. i am able to value their feedback and input as i 
      continue to grow into the leader that my company needs. morale has 
      significantly increased. we have a list of core values, a defined mission 
      statement, and a clear vision as to where we are headed next. this has led 
      us to refine many of our current processes and also develop exciting new 
      ventures within our existing business that will propel the company to new 
      levels in the future"  
–ryan 
      nelson, president, merchconnections, 
      san diego, ca    
       
      
"i started my search for 
 an executive coach as i wanted to continue to expand my career path and be an 
 executive leader, but not lose the "true me" (in other words, not turn into a 
 corporate suit). elizabeth has done a tremendous job with her approach & 
 feedback; she is dependable and available for meetings, and everything is 
 working!!! in my most recent encounter with executives, my ceo and president 
 both commented on how they could see my coaching is working. so, if you choose 
 elizabeth, you are choosing right!"
–wes smith,  
 market president, conviva, a division of humana, san antonio, tx    
       
      
"elizabeth, thank you for 
 all the support in preparing me for my transition from the military to the 
 civilian sector. i could not have done this without your incredible leadership, 
 mentorship and genuine care. you helped me grow professionally in ways i could 
 never imagine. i truly appreciated your “no-nonsense” style of coaching and 
 your immediate attention to my problem areas. at the end of the day, you made 
 me better and i can’t thank you enough. if anyone is looking to improve their 
 professional capabilities and leadership, pick elizabeth, it is the best 
 decision you will ever make!"
–ted bucierka, 
 retired lt. col. - marine raider, sip training manager, anduril industries, 
 san juan capistrano, ca    
       
      
it's been said, "no one 
 ever made it to the olympics without a coach." the same is true of high 
 achievers who want to win at their chosen field and reach their career dreams.  are 
 you a business owner, executive, or professional who is looking for an 
 executive coaching firm that will give you lots of choices and help you sort 
 through sensitive and difficult leadership challenges?  have you recently 
 been promoted and need to refine your executive presence and leadership skills?  or, are you in the sports or 
 entertainment fields and want to expand your business opportunities? would you 
 like someone genuinely in your corner—a coaching firm with a team of highly 
 experienced professionals  who will support your executive development needs and give you practical 
 tools to courageously face down and conquer obstacles as you work on your 
 leadership development?  then begin a journey with dr. elizabeth fried and her 
 all-star executive coaching company team.  with corporate headquarters located 
 in san diego county, california, in the carlsbad - san marcos area, top 
 executive coach, in 2021 elizabeth received three global business awards: most 
 outstanding in executive coaching, best in executive coaching - san diego, and 
 best training services provider - west  usa.  in  2012 for third year running 
 she was ranked as among the top 15 most influential executive coaches  in the
 world by coachinggurus.org, and listed in 2016-2020 by the san 
 diego business journal as one of the top15 executive development 
 companies in the greater san diego area. she and her international team of 
 executive coaches will skillfully help you gain personal insight and challenge 
 you to be your best as you work toward achieving your objectives.  

going 
deep to get the results you want takes courage and practice.  do you have the 
courage?  are you willing to 
spend the time on yourself, and on others, to achieve what you want?  if the 
answer is "yes," we invite you to take the first step and begin a coaching 
program with our executive coaching firm.  it will be the best investment you 
have ever made in yourself.
if you visit me in person, 
i provide a relaxing, comfortable place for us to meet and discuss your needs.  
if we meet by zoom, i'll be talking to you from my office.   
whichever you choose, i promise that you will receive my full attention and the 
focus will always be on you. 
if you aren't sure what 
executive coaching can do for you, please view the 
testimonials below to get a feel for my  experience, style, and process. 

ps.  
beginning in 2022, i will offer two partial scholarships a 
year for those people whose corporation do not offer financial support for your 
growth and development.  once you identify your budget, i will match it, 
and we will determine if we can configure a program to fit your needs.  
contact me directly at to see if you qualify.
 
remember, you have to 
go deep and be courageous if you want to emerge a winner! give us a call 
directly at 760-598.8888 to set up an appointment for a complimentary half hour 
conversation. 
 

what 
    others are saying:

"i originally hired dr. elizabeth 
        fried to provide executive coaching for executives on our staff. after 
        some initial meetings with her, i was convinced that i should be the 
        first subject in order to alleviate fears among our team. my experience 
        was stellar. i confirmed to my team that dr. fried would provide 
        coaching in a supportive, non-judgmental, and totally confidential 
        atmosphere. more importantly, she could help slice through issues, 
        identify needed behavioral changes and work with the executive team to 
        transform them into more effective leaders. dr. fried makes you look at 
        the real you and holds you accountable for changes that you need to 
        make. for many leaders, there are few who you can trust to tell you like it 
        is and help you improve. she is one of them. not only is she an expert  executive coach, she defines the qualities i really want in my 
        inner circle: honesty, trustworthiness and help."

–robert westfall, president, 
        solatube, international - headquartered in vista, ca
"thank you again for  
    for your incredible support. you are #1 in helping me grow professionally 
    over the last ten years into what i am today. #2 is judith glaser who got 
    into my face about writing a book on numerology, which i'm working on, but  
    because of her confrontive 
    conversation with me, she sparked a more creative response to sharing my 
    insightful numerology skills with the world. you two stood up to me, and i 
    listened.

    very few people can help me because they are not working at the level i am 
    thinking, but you two have rocked my life and been heavy influencers. thank 
    you for loving me so much and being so loyal to my actual (not understood) 
    potential. i feel very blessed to finally have two powerful mentors at the 
    right time in my life. i thank myself for listening. i thank you for being 
    so direct and articulate."




–timi gleason, ciq certified 
    executive/leadership coach and owner/creater of soulworks maps,  san diego, ca


"as a result of coaching with 
        elizabeth fried, i'm a more considerate and thoughtful leader who has 
        gained a better understanding of my staff's leadership styles as well as 
        my own. her firm also provided a separate coach for one of our 
        executives who enjoyed the process and  received numerous positive 
        benefits toward advancing critical leadership skills.    all in all we 
        received a very clear return on our investment."

–david fitzgibbons, vice 
      president u.s. operations, wawanesa insurance,  san diego, ca
"i spent a year coaching with 
      elizabeth fried during perhaps one of the most tumultuous and complicated 
      periods of my career.  i was transitioning from owning and operating a 
      successful action sports management agency to taking on a much broader 
      role as ceo of dyrdek enterprises.  drydek enterprises has multiple 
      divisions with lots of moving parts, requiring strong leadership.  during 
      our sessions, elizabeth helped me to navigate these waters and make a 
      smooth transition without feeling overwhelmed.  this allowed me to 
      maintain my resolve and keep moving forward.  her piercing questions and 
      ability to grasp my dilemma quickly, helped me to blend the execution of 
      the intense day-to-day operations, yet stay focused on being both 
      visionary and strategic.  additionally, she also gave me perspective on 
      how to maintain a happy family life while undergoing this challenge.  i 
      truly appreciated that she never let me off the hook and always held me 
      accountable, making it very clear she authentically cared about my 
      success.  it is my pleasure to recommend her to any executive who wants to 
      become a more effective leader."
 –paul 
 conroy, ceo, dyrdek enterprises, inc., los angeles, ca
"bottom line, if 
      you want to be a stronger leader, a better leader for the people for whom 
      you are responsible, then spend time with elizabeth.  during the first 
      sessions, elizabeth gathered insights about me, through self-assessments 
      and feedback from co-workers.  from there, elizabeth provided valuable 
      coaching as we worked through those areas for improvement and strengths to 
      leverage.  elizabeth is an excellent communicator, and she provided me 
      with the tools to be a more effective and impactful speaker.  one of the 
      most important areas we worked on was how to be the best coach and mentor 
      for my employees, so that they can reach their own potential as 
      organizational leaders.  and that is something that all of us can and 
      should do more of.  each time we met, elizabeth provided insights that 
      were tangible and actionable.  in many cases, we worked through how best 
      to utilize those insights for current events at work.  elizabeth doesn’t 
      pull any punches, she is candid and straight up with you, tackling head-on 
      with you those areas you know you need to improve and challenging you with 
      new skills to take advantage of.   i believe whoever engages her as a 
      coach will find these life-long skills as valuable as i have found them to 
      be."
 –geoff 
 siegel, vp innovation, breg, inc., carlsbad, ca 
dr. fried's professional insight and 
      experience resulted in helping me at an important time for the company and 
      my leadership role, both current and future.  her coaching allowed me 
      to take an objective look at myself as a leader and taught me powerful 
      communications skills, which resulted in significant external partnerships 
      for my company.  her analysis and guidance became strategic regarding 
      reviewing goals and where i lead the company as well as how i coach staff 
      for positive performance.   additionally, she provided solid 
      advice on companywide succession planning which ensures the company's 
      success into the future.  i sincerely appreciated my time with her.  


–cindy haren, president and 
      ceo, western dairy association, greeley, co

“elizabeth is a rare individual who has 
      deep expertise, high integrity and an understanding of the human condition 
      that makes her highly capable of providing consulting and top executive 
      coaching services. we worked with her executive coaching firm more than 
      once when i was the global hr business partner at sap and subsequently in 
      my current role at acco brands.  in all cases she was able to 
      traverse the specific 
      challenges we were encountering and design an outstanding solution. she 
      brings new solutions and new learnings to those being coached and everyone 
      she comes in contact with throughout the engagement. she is a true 
      professional and an excellent person. i give my highest possible 
      recommendation to elizabeth and her executive coaching company without reservation."

–sean nelson, vice president, 
      global talent management and hr shared services,  acco brands, international,
      headquartered in 
      lincolnshire, il


"within 
      the first month of working with your executive coaching firm, i  
      began to see changes that allowed me to 
      accomplish things with more ease 
      and  efficiency. the music business requires flexibility, creativity, 
      and focus--with often impossible deadlines. i'm now able to balance these 
      pieces with much less stress. this enabled me to not only satisfy clients 
      but also strengthen my bottom line—and this year's numbers are proof, nearly doubling those of 
      last year!  i truly appreciate all that you have done to help 
      me achieve this goal."

–carlos castro, owner and producer, watersound productions, 
      los angeles, ca


contact us at 760-598.8888.




     


executive coaching 
 starts with you

 executive coaching is a present-centered program of what it is you and your 
 business want to achieve, how we are going to achieve it, when we are going to 
 achieve it and all the steps we are going to take in getting there.

 let us take an 
 experiment with our executive coaching programs to examine what it might take for you to 
 benefit from an executive coach :



 be willing to change. shortcuts are never an option, if you are not 100% 
 committed to making the effort it will not work.


 be open to constructive criticism. this feedback is imperative for 
 improvement. it is always very hard to see yourself as others see you.


 measure yourself accurately. we will look into the insight from those 
 around you that work for you. always looking for honest feedback to better aid 
 where we stand.


 the difficult truth is, we seldom listen. we must learn to listen to 
 feedback. 


 an executive coach helps you take charge of your reality: not dance around it.


 we require that you 
 ask yourself difficult questions about who you are. this requires time and it 
 all depends on how eager you are to change.

  

 by honestly following 
 through we can ensure better quality and results through our executive coaching 
 programs.

  

 how does having an
 executive coach 
 sound?

  

 in today’s companies, 
 executives are in need of new tools to create and utilize the power of 
 collective human behaviors. consider this, if the results you’re receiving are 
 not the results you expect then maybe it is time for change.

  

 many high profile 
 executives such as jack welch and michael dell have realized that people need 
 coaching. why? because it takes courage to change.

 galileo said, "all 
 truths are easy to understand once they are discovered; the point is to 
 discover them." 

 my question to you 
 is: how soon are you willing to do something? 

 

keep in mind about 
 executive coaching...


executive coaching  is not for everyone.  do don't beat yourself 
 up if it doesn't work out.  instead, focus on finding a the right fit with 
 your coach.  you're going to be doing a lot of work on yourself, so it's 
 important to have someone you trust. 

executive coaching isn't for every business because 
 the culture must support it..  

executive coaching can be a leading way to aid in 
 your business success.



 contact us at 760-598.8888.
 




    



<


<





