










home - wisconsin bankers association - education. advocacy. support.







































































































































































home
education
news and resources
advocacy
associate members
contact
search




menu


menu

 








education. advocacy. support.
your connection. your community. 


get the latest industry news



your wisconsin bankers association
we know that you are committed to creating opportunities for and giving back to your community, cultivating a prosperous state for all of us. that’s why we work so hard to promote a healthy environment for wisconsin banks. we’re here to listen to what you need. advocate on your behalf. provide interesting and relevant educational resources that share the most current industry compliance and trends. host events to meet with and learn from your peers. so you can bring your best to your community. every day. we’re here to support you.

how can we help you?





banking industry education
elevate your expertise
upcoming featured events






 
05 - 06 march

hilton garden inn

wednesday


supervisor boot camp
151401 county rd nn, wausau


view detail 







 



  
07 - 11 april

wisconsin bankers association

monday


school of bank management
4721 s biltmore ln madison, wi 53718


view detail 







 



  
10 - 11 april

kalahari convention center

thursday


agricultural bankers conference
kalahari convention center


view detail 







 



 



        no event found!    
load more


see all events



lead dei efforts with us
“as community leaders, bankers are in a unique position to continue stepping forward and leading on the path toward full equality.”
– rose oswald poels, president, ceo – wba

learn about dei efforts

connect with your peers

wba connect


find your next move

banking careers

get involved

join a committee

be informed daily 

sign up for wisconsin banker daily 



the latest news affecting you

two wisconsin students earn 2024 wbf agricultural banking scholarshipfebruary 14, 2025/by cassandra krausefarmers & merchants state bank welcomes haily wandel as avp branch market managerfebruary 14, 2025/by katie reiseroostburg bancorp inc. announces acquisition of flipse insurance agency inc.february 14, 2025/by katie reiserixonia bank adds experienced mid-market banking leader, michael goedheerfebruary 13, 2025/by katie reiserload more
 






about
community
subsidiaries
staff




questions@wisbank.com


608-441-1200


 4721 s biltmore ln.
madison, wi 53718


get our newsletter!



subscribe













  


© 2025 wisconsin bankers association. all rights reserved. | website design by bizzy bizzy






scroll to top

this site uses cookies. by continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.oklearn more×

cookie and privacy settings

how we use cookieswe may request cookies to be set on your device. we use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website. 
click on the different category headings to find out more. you can also change some of your preferences. note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
essential website cookiesthese cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refusing them will have impact how our site functions. you always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. but this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
we fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. you are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. if you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
we provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. you can check these in your browser security settings.
check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. we need 2 cookies to store this setting. otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
other external serviceswe also use different external services like google webfonts, google maps, and external video providers. since these providers may collect personal data like your ip address we allow you to block them here. please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. changes will take effect once you reload the page.
google webfont settings:
click to enable/disable google webfonts.
google map settings:
click to enable/disable google maps.
google recaptcha settings:
click to enable/disable google recaptcha.
vimeo and youtube video embeds:
click to enable/disable video embeds.
privacy policyyou can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our privacy policy page. 
terms of use
accept settingshide notification only







subscribe
* indicates required
email address *



first name 


last name 


organization name 



membership 


associate member company employee

bank employee

 















			close			













































































