



	usher's temple c.m.e. church :: home :: we are believers in jesus christ!!























usher's temple c.m.e. church
login   search












home
browser requirements
welcomeabout usministriespastor's blogonline bible (kjv)photo galleryaudio/videoc.m.e. and other newscelebs, news & eventscontact informationmaps and directionsguestbooksearch







links







come visit! worship god! virtual church services - sundays at 11:00 a.m. on facebook *live*








feed center outreach ministries








utcme is on *youtube* - tune in whenever you desire and just click the "subscribe" button to get notifications















>home














we are a faith-based fellowship of believers in the lordship of jesus christ. usher's temple is a church where its members are growing and moving by the power of god's word, and by the inspiration of the holy spirit. 







happy new year!










the history of usher's temple c.m.e. church!










welcome! welcome! welcome!
the 2024 annual conference  has concluded! 




welcome to rev. tawanna harris. 
(pastor's bio coming soon)
we look forward to another successful year at usher's temple c.m.e. church - 'the ushering place!' - located at 411 railroad street, fort valley, georgia. 











a prayer for the world!











~ utcme virtual bible study ~
every wednesday at 6:00pm
~ utcme virtual church services ~
every sunday at 11:00am
utcme virtual church on facebook *live*













  click to download full-size full-color cme logo







 
important c.m.e. websites(these sites open in a new window)




 



christian methodist episcopal (cme) church website
                            sharing christ since 1870
                        




sixth episcopal district website
                            it is still a work in progress - regional conferences, young adults and youth information.
                        




the christian index online
                            the christian index online is a journaling of tidbits, news, musings and meanderings on the christian methodist episcopal church and its official publication by editor dr. kenneth e. jones.
                        






↑ top




browser requirements

 



	hits: 
		











© 2000-2023 usher's temple c.m.e. church • all rights reserved.








