

b~framed galleries | eau claire, wisconsin custom picture frames







































located in eau claire's historic downtown.
(715) 832-4476   •   get directions »


artwork
corporate art services
framing
originals
about us





















 
 
 
 
















previous feature:
about us


you are now seeing:
corporate art services


next feature:
art originals
























b~framed galleries


visit eau claire’s original custom framing and fine art  gallery, home of the chippewa valley's  most qualified full service corporate art specialists, and two floors of international art, local art, fine art, photography, and sculpture.






b~framed galleries    custom framing shop creates one-of-a-kind gallery pieces you will treasure for years to come. from traditional, to transitional, to contemporary, the expert eau claire frame designers will  help you make the perfect choice to fit both your style and your budget.
b~framed galleries is dedicated to building long term relationships with all custom framing and corporate art clients and will assist you every step of the way.








b~framed galleries has been crafting picture frames for museums, galleries, designers, artists, and collectors in wisconsin for  over 40 years. you can trust b~framed galleries to focus on quality design, preservation and value for your    framing needs.
 watch as your artwork, mirror, or treasured keepsake  becomes the focal point of a room. b~framed galleries provides a custom product and service that stands out from any other  in the industry.





























 
stop by and see eau claire's original art gallery.
(715) 832-4476


















b~framed events

b~framed galleries' 41st anniversary

watch for special 41st anniversary events throughout 2017.
b~framed galleries celebrates its 41st anniversary starting with a special winter showing "men of clay" featuring the ceramic works of john onkka of st. croix county who has joined our exclusive group of artists and john clazmer of racine, wi. onkka's career spans over 40 years with one-of-a-kind wall murals and landscape-inspired stoneware. clazmer specializes in raku and wood fired pottery but also creates wheel thrown stoneware.
 
 




b~framed on facebook




friday, february 14
cupid visited b-framed galleries today!💘 that's our downtown postal carrier jason complete with wings! happy valentines day everyone!
read more about this post.
view more posts.



















explore the featured artists





















morgan weistling
dreams in blue















last light by peter sculthorpe
















peter sculthorpe
















peter sculthorpe
proposal rock















"wind row" by peter sculthorpe
















"broken water"
















daniel gerhartz
















"cascading"
















"jasmine tea" daniel gerhartz
















daniel gerhartz
awaiting his return















"her favorite place" daniel gerhartz
















the ballad" daniel gerhartz
















the ballad"
















"the audition" daniel gerhartz
















"the bridge" michael & inessa garmash
















michael & inessa garmash
















the promise" sold
















"timeless beauty" sold
















"guitar play" sold
















beatrice bulteau artist
















beatrice bulteau












































"grand ol" gang" set of two by andy thomas
















andy thomas
old dawgs playing poker set of two: true blues & grand old gang















brian davis
















"cymbidium spray" brian davis
















final destination edvard gurevich
















"love rectangle"






























"spring, summer madness"
















andrew atroschenko at gallery showing in la

































































 















b~framed galleries
cynthia wing-reed
              313 s barstow street
              eau claire, wi 54701
get directions >
(715) 832-4476 (phone)
              (715) 832-5353 (fax)
email us >



gallery hours



sunday
                    monday
                     
                    tuesday
                    wednesday
                    thursday
                    friday
                    saturday


closed
                    corporate client
                    appointments only
                    10:00 am - 5:00 pm
                    10:00 am - 5:00 pm
                    10:00 am - 5:00 pm
                    10:00 am - 5:00 pm
                    10:00 am - 3:00 pm



schedule an appointment >



join our mailing list
get our latest events & the newest in frame design and artwork delivered right to your inbox. sign up today:



subscribe >














© 2000 - 2025 b~framed galleries. all rights reserved.


website design and web hosting by first net impressions, llc.









