







maggie galloway | singer, musician & recording artist












































































home
about
gallery
events
contact


music

 


select page


  
 
 


















maggie galloway

vocalist







“the classic songs of american jazz have been covered so many times that it takes an exceptional singer to make them come alive. maggie galloway is such a songstress.”
read all reviews









jazz & popular music

her repertory takes us through the realms of thoughtful jazz and into pure inventiveness, but always with a musicality and richness of feeling that carries deep respect for the nature of the text and its meaning. to hear her is an expedition into lyricism.
– peter davison, american poet







albums








more than you know, brownstone records
featuring: maggie galloway: vocals, jeff auger: piano, bob nieske: acoustic bass, rick considine: drums, and jim cameron: saxophone



learn more






azure, little muse records
featuring: maggie galloway: vocals, anthony weller: guitar, and bob nieske: acoustic bass



learn more







about maggie

maggie galloway is an american singer, musician and performer. she has performed jazz and popular music with her own groups or as a featured vocalist since 1976. originally from michigan, she has maintained a quiet presence on the new england music scene singing in local clubs and venues for over 30 years. 

learn more







hear maggie sing

she has released two recordings as a leader: the critically acclaimed more than you know on the brownstone label and azure on little muse records. her first disc was named an “editor’s choice” by cadence magazine in a poll of the best records of 1998, a “cd of the week” by the jazz review, a “pick of the week” in the boston globe, and “best female vocal jazz cd” in cape town, south africa which invited her to cape town to perform in 2000 and 2001. it also led to her nomination for outstanding jazz vocalist of the boston music awards.








buy her music








listen on soundcloud








events & news









events & news

happy to report that my first album more than you know has been digitally remastered and is now available on apple music, spotify, youtube and other providers. click here to stream  thanks for your support. peace and love to you all!








gallery

checkout maggie’s gallery of photos

view now



 










maggie galloway:
american singer, musician & recording artist
known for her interpretations of the great american songbook and the grand jazz vocal tradition, boston-based vocalist maggie galloway is booking performances now.

contact maggie:
+1 781.325.2275 | maggie@maggiegalloway.com



stay in the know:
join maggie’s email list to hear about upcoming performances, new recordings, and news.






success!



email





subscribe










we do not share or sell your information. you may unsubscribe at any time.





followfollowfollow







© 2025 |  maggiegalloway.com | all rights reserved.



 




 































