



sartell-st. stephen isd 748 / homepage






















































































skip to main content










district home


select a school...

select a school







sign in


search our site


















sartell-st. stephen isd 748
future minded, student focused











about us
"
academic and co-curricular activity spaces at shs
announcements
construction updates
covid-19
superintendent search
staff directory
survey
2016 referendum
levy for learning 2019
2018 levy for learning
budget adjustments
school building reconfigurations
staff wellness


vote 2025 - referendum with two questions
welcome to isd 748
district overview
contact us
employment
enrollment
history of isd 748
sabre alumni
school board
strategic plan



departments
"



activities/athletics
business services
communications
health services
human resources
mental health & student support
nutrition services
transportation



schools
"



oak ridge early learning center
pine meadow primary school
riverview intermediate school
sartell middle school
sartell high school
back to school - 2024-2025



learning and teaching
"
distance learning
fall 2020/2020-2021 school plans
learning & teaching newsletter
kay nelson


about learning and teaching
academic extensions
american indian education
assessment & evaluation
elearning
educational equity commitment
english learners
literacy plan
multi-tiered system of support (mtss)
professional learning
safe & supportive schools
special education
technology
title 1



staff
"
staff wellness
staff welcome 2020


staff directory
staff resources
continuing education



community
"



community education
community partners
community backpack
school age childcare
volunteer at isd 748



activities
"
sabres presentation


sms activities
shs activities
box office



resources
"
orelc student resources
pmps student resources
shs student resources
theatre & performing arts


ris student resources
sms student resources



support services
"



student support services



covid-19
"
centracare clinic @ shs april 28


covid-19
home screening & reporting
dashboards
isolation/quarantine protocols
mitigation matrix
safe learning plan
testing for covid-19

calendar




















scroll

















news & updates











voters pass question 1 during special election on tuesday, february 11

results will be confirmed by the school board at their february 19 canvassing meeting

comments (-1)












karrie fredrickson is a candidate for minnesota teacher of the year

fredrickson is a social studies teacher at sartell high school 

comments (-1)












new ecfe class: kinderprep

wednesday night classes with orelc kindergarten teachers mrs. trimbo and mrs. bettenberg!

comments (-1)












sms family event: trivia & game night on january 31

free for sms parents/guardians with their students

comments (-1)












no school - monday, january 13 or monday, january 20

please visit www.isd748.org/calendar for details.

comments (-1)












shs one act play: "the amazing lemonade girl" by james devita

free performances on tuesday, january 21 and friday, january 24 at 7p

comments (-1)












sabre speaks podcast: referendum focus - question 2

if question #1 is approved, voters may also consider an additional referendum question that includes the construction of a multi-purpose athletic facility for physical education classes and sports...

comments (-1)












gene severson receives sabre staff star award for december!

pmps phy ed teacher, "...embraces his role as a leader in the school by not only teaching physical education but supports students' social-emotional growth..."

comments (-1)












sabre speaks podcast: referendum focus - question 1

riverview intermediate school, a cornerstone of our community since it opened as our first high school in 1969, is in critical need of updates to its hvac system.

comments (-1)












vote 2025 - video overviews of question 1 - ris and question 2 - shs

visit our vote 2025 webpage for links to videos to learn more

comments (-1)












safe routes to schools - interactive map and public input options

your feedback can help improve walking and biking options around our school buildings and community!

comments (-1)












nikki perius receives the sabre staff star award for november!

instructional coach at riverview, "...has gone above and beyond..."

comments (-1)












sabre speaks podcast: activities at sartell middle school and sartell high school

...students learn how to communicate, how to be a teammate, and how to balance academics and activities....

comments (-1)












karrie fredrickson awarded the 2024 regional earl reum award from the national association for student activities

shs social studies teacher and advisor to the both the shs minnesota honor society and student council recognized for "...outstanding dedication to student activities and leadership throughout our nation..."

comments (-1)












tami fernholz receives sabre staff star award for october!

sms special education teacher, "....is always doing what is best for students...."

comments (-1)












wednesday, october 30 - two hour early dismissal

buses - and family pick-up - will run two hours earlier than usual.

comments (-1)












saturday, november 2: ptaŋyétu powwow at apollo high school

our native american indigenous parent advisory committee (naipac) invites everyone to this free event

comments (-1)












shs seniors lyzander irvin borg and laila oloriegbe receive national merit designations

lyzander is a semifinalist and laila is a commended student

comments (-1)












wednesday, september 25 - two hours early dimissal

buses will run two hours earlier than usual and family pick-up will occur two hours earlier.

comments (-1)












karrie fredrickson - shs social studies teacher - awarded sabre staff star in september

"karrie sets an amazing example to her students of what it looks like to be compassionate, a positive leader and to serve selflessly."

comments (-1)












sabre speaks podcast: learning & teaching

...improvements in test scores across various grade levels, reflecting the hard work of our teachers, staff, and students. 

comments (-1)












isd 748 staff: years of service awards

thank you for your 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, and 30 years in sartell-st. stephen isd 748!

comments (-1)












early childhood family education (ecfe) - now registering for fall 2024

morning and evening classes available for children 0-5 years and their parents/caregivers!

comments (-1)












sartell-st. stephen school district receives high ratings from mde

with the understanding that state standardized assessments are only one of the many measures of academic performance, we are proud our students have a tradition of performing above state averages on the minnesota comprehensive assessments (mcas)

comments (-1)












feeding area children together: fact

nonprofit provides meals free of charge to k-8 students on weekends and over school breaks

comments (-1)




more 


























title ix



























equity statement










































quick links


annual notices

district mobile app - sartell-st. stephen schools

enrollment

employment

school board

skyward mobile login



















district calendar















































































district service center - 212 third avenue north, sartell, mn 56377
view map

p: 320-656-3701
f: 320-656-3765





contact us|
newsletter|
website feedback



p: 320-656-3701
f: 320-656-3765










sartell-st. stephen independent school district 748 does not necessarily endorse or recommend the materials that appear on sites that are linked to the website of the sartell-st. stephen isd 748. the links are provided for the user's convenience and the sartell-st. stephen isd 748 does not control or guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, relevance or completeness of outside information.





back to top

site map





facebook
twitter
youtube
instagram
linked in
vimeo
flickr
pinterest
rss
peachjar












questions or feedback? | 
web community manager privacy policy (updated) | 



copyright © 2025 finalsite - all rights reserved.































close






close





















