












department of military science - uc santa barbara
























skip to main content





university of california, santa barbara












 


department of military science - uc santa barbara









main menuhomeprogramscholarshipsnews & eventsphotoshistory & alumnicadreresourcesgive




















loyalty, duty, respect, selfless service, honor, integrity, personal courage







  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  





 















welcome to the university of california, santa barbara’s reserve officer training corps (rotc), home of the surfrider battalion.  our program provides leadership training for students and trains future officers for the u.s. army, u.s. army reserve, and u.s. army national guard.  army rotc enhances a student's education and provides unique educational opportunities by combining leadership and management theory with actual hands-on experience.  army rotc develops self-discipline, physical stamina, leadership, management skills and many other qualities essential to success in life.
the army rotc program at ucsb is not only academically demanding, but is well known throughout the nation as one of the top rotc units.  westmont college, santa barbara city college and california state university at channel islands are affiliates of the army rotc program at ucsb.  rotc students from all three (3) affiliated schools attend the same military science courses as ucsb students, and participate in all rotc events.  being a student at ucsb, westmont college, california state university at channel islands or santa barbara city college, and learning to become a leader will make your college experience even richer and prepare you for a successful future.
 









about
army rotc is one of the oldest organizations at the university of california, santa barbara.  the program began in 1947 when all incoming freshmen and sophomores were required to become cadets.  in 1962, the compulsory enrollment ended at uc santa barbara and the voluntary cadet corps was established. the surfrider battalion’s mission, led by its dedicated and professional cadre, is to recruit and retain quality cadets and develop them physically, mentally, and emotionally into officers worthy of leading our nation’s soldiers and commanding the army of the future. 
 










 












department of military science
		bldg. 451, mesa rd.
		university of california santa barbara
		santa barbara, ca 93106-7070
campus mailcode: 7070
tel: 805-893-2769
		fax: 805-893-8433
rotcscholar@milsci.ucsb.edu
campus maps




 


college of letters and scienceuc santa barbaraaccessibilityappropriate useprivacywebmaster


©2025
the regents of the university of california.
all rights reserved.
uc santa barbara, santa barbara, ca 93106


 




