









home - clipart for teachers

























































































skip to content



clipart for teachers
the premier site for free lesson specific graphics





home













home
social studies
language arts
science
math
activity sheets
faq
about us
contact us
search
login








try our new pre-made activity sheets
click here for our new pre-made activity sheets covering  math and reading skills!!
we have created hundreds of activities sheets using the graphics from clipart for teachers in response to the covid-19 closing of schools. we are in the process of creating hundreds more to cover even  more objectives in both reading and math skills, so check back often. we are just starting on reading, but there are hundreds of activities for math available right now .  this is an early pre-view, so feel free to contact us with suggestions and comments. 
clipart for teachers


social studies clipart
get everything from historical maps to famous people and places! graphics are included to support k-12 social studies subjects including history, community, and geography.
math clipart
here you will find clipart that will help you teach those hard to understand math concepts.



science clipart
here you will find graphics that will help your struggling math students who have difficulty visualizing the concepts you are teaching. the graphics support mostly elementary math.
general interest clipart
click here to find of variety of clipart to decorate your classroom or website. emphasis is on holidays



language arts clipart
in language arts you will find everything from alphabet animal graphics and phonics graphics to story starters for famous literature.



why clipart for teachers?
we wanted to create a free site that would provide teachers with the kind of clipart you can use to create quality curricular materials for your classroom. whether it’s the finishing touches for your classroom boards, creating a slide show to explicate a difficult concept, or just to add some fun to dry subjects, we wanted to give you the chance to be the creative teacher you strive to be.
register now!
registering for clipartforteachers.com gives you free access to the whole site and thousands of more graphics. 

register now















privacy policy


	copyright © arnie uretsky 2017-20  — activation wordpress theme by godaddy






















































