



wiseacre blawg




















    
	wiseacre blawg
	
  
legal and law articles. law news. blawg links.














look for prisoners through the inmate search



      inmate search is a progressive online service offered by many governmental and non-governmental organizations in many parts of the western world. the inmate search is an online database service through which anyone can get information about the offenders who were or are convicted by the court of law. the inmate search enables the family members or friends of offenders to know about the prisoner's status while it alerts the general public about the various crimes and the offenders associated with the crimes.

the inmate search also known as inmate locator enables you to know the complete details of the offender and his health condition and you can also deposit money on offender's name if necessary. the details are being compiled and recorded by many governmental and non-governmental organizations for the welfare of the society.

the concept of inmate search has got prominence for its motto of creating a safe and protective society for the public and future generations. the organizations that are providing these services online have a database of adult inmates in their respective states. anyone can use these websites to get the information about the prisoners by giving few details like name, last name, jail number etc. you can also narrow down your search by giving apt information which is being asked in the website.

the inmate search enables you to keep an eye on the offender while he/she has been in prison. you can check their status frequently and you can also transfer funds on their name. before starting search for the victim or offender you just need few details like place of conviction, his/ her name, type of crime etc so that you can get the correct information at the first instance.

the information provided by these firms is only for the convenience and safety of public. any unauthorized usage of the information can lead to criminal prosecution. the websites maintain the data of the offenders who are convicted and are under the supervision of court of law. they don't include information of those who are under trail and has to be proven guilty. the use of inmate data search is very easy as it require minimal details and is quite user friendly.

the inmate search database also shows list of people who are in death row and the reason for their illness. this information might be helpful in taking the right action at the right time which would save your inmate's life if possible. all these records will be maintained by the departments for a period of 3 years even after the completion of offender's sentence as this would help you to clear all strains of conviction on the inmate's name.

the inmate search usa would give you a record of information about all prisoners which includes their own statements and the official statements if any.labels: criminal law




		permalink: look for prisoners through the inmate search
0 comments










calling ecstasy "cheeseburgers" doesn't make it legal



      i heard of a case recently where a drug dealer's system to avoid detection of his activities by police was to tell his customers to ask for "cheeseburgers" if they wanted ecstasy, an order for one cheeseburger being code for one ounce (about 28.4 grams) of the drug. the code for cocaine was "drinks", and "one fries" meant one ounce of methylamphetamine. the dealer joked that buying all three would be a "meal deal."

ecstasy is especially popular with young adults in australia. despite slowly declining use, ecstasy, also known as 'mdma' short for 3,4-methylenedioxy-methamphetamine, remains one of the most widely used illicit drugs in australia second only to cannabis. in 2013, around 2.5% of australians used ecstasy, compared with 0.1% who used heroin and 2.1% who used methylamphetamine. as studies that rely on self-reporting tend to under-report usage levels, the true figures may be greater. after a brief drop in australian border detections of ecstasy between 2009 and 2011, since 2012 there has been a resurgence of seized imports, including seizures of more than 100kg overall in 2013/14 the most significant of which involved consignments from the netherlands, canada, and hong kong. the imported ecstasy was found hidden in products like furniture, protein powder, baby powder, bath salts and shampoo. ecstasy was first outlawed in parts of australia in the late 1980s, and eventually became illegal in all states and territories.

the continuing popularity of ecstasy perhaps relates to its tablet form, making it easy to store and measure, and perhaps also because it is perceived as low risk. unfortunately, that perception is wrong. one of the biggest problems with ecstasy is lack of purity, with the ecstasy content of some samples being as low as 9%. in practical terms, this means that an ecstasy tablet is likely to contain very little ecstasy, and a lot of other substances that can be seriously harmful or even deadly. these substances may include caffeine at toxic levels, ketamine, pseudoephedrine, paramethyoxyamphetamine which is also potentially lethal, ghb powder and the cough suppressant dextromethorphan. sometimes a tablet sold as ecstasy contains no ecstasy at all, just methylamphetamine and additives. little surprise then that consuming these tablets has a wide range of adverse physical and neurological impacts. however, even the consumption of pure ecstasy has been associated with increased incidence of suicide, death from hyperthermia or hyponatraemia, liver damage, kidney failure, seizures, coma, and long term visual deficits. in simple terms, while ecstasy is probably less risky than heroin or methylamphetamine, using ecstasy may nonetheless have long term impacts, and can sometimes kill.

the other big risk for individuals involved with ecstasy is being charged with possession or supply of the drug, which can lead to imprisonment. the maximum penalty for possession of ecstasy in nsw is imprisonment for up to 2 years, while potential jail-time for indictable non-commercial offending is up to 15 years, indictable commercial offending up to 20 years, with the possibility of much longer sentences in some circumstances such as where children are engaged in the drug enterprise (drug misuse and trafficking act 1985, nsw).

you can view references and links, if you want to find out more about ecstasy. stephen bourne is a lawyer in australia and new zealand (see website), undertaking work in the areas of insurance law, civil litigation, coronial inquests, criminal defence, children's law, and family court proceedings. stephen has postgraduate law, business and psychology qualifications, and is a fellow of the australian and new zealand institute of insurance and finance.labels: criminal law, legal




		permalink: calling ecstasy "cheeseburgers" doesn't make it legal
0 comments










arrested in new york city, now what do i do?



      on any given day of the week, over 500 people may be arrested in the five boroughs of new york city. these arrests are for a variety of alleged crimes and violations of the law, from the most minor offenses to the most serious. sometimes, people accused of unlawful behavior are contacted by law enforcement and given the opportunity to voluntarily surrender. in those cases, the arrested person is able to mentally prepare for the ordeal of being arrested and taken to court to appear before a judge. in most cases however, an arrest occurs in response to a report of an unlawful act and the person arrested generally does not know beforehand that they are going to be immobilized by law enforcement, taken into custody, and held as a prisoner for an undetermined amount of time. it is this unexpected and shocking occurrence that creates such stress and fear.



police officers and other law enforcement officials realize that the people they take into custody will often be fearful and stressed out and they capitalize on those emotions to extract damaging evidence particularly in the form of statements and confessions from the people they arrest.

it is for this reason as well as others that criminal defense lawyers want everyone to keep in mind a number of universal rules for anyone who might be unlucky enough to be arrested. first and foremost, remain calm and submit to the arrest. no one has ever talked their way out of an arrest. never risk being injured or mistreated by physically resisting arrest. you can only delay the process and put yourself in a worse position.

if you remember nothing else, do not make any statements to the police or other law enforcement. other than providing your name, contact information and other pedigree information, say nothing. what you may think is helpful or at worst innocuous may harm your case. one of the most valuable rights we have in the united states is the fifth amendment right to be free from self-incrimination. in order to cash in on that right remember one thing: do not make any statements to law enforcement.

while you may not be given the opportunity to make phone calls, ask for the opportunity to call your attorney or family. it is important for people to know where you are and that you have been arrested.

in new york city you will be interviewed by a representative of the criminal justice agency (not an arm of law enforcement). their job is to assess whether you are a good risk to release on your own recognizance. never discuss the facts of your arrest or case but be sure to give detailed information on your work, family and community ties, including phone numbers of contacts.

if you or your family can retain experienced criminal defense counsel prior to your arraignment before a judge, which generally occurs within 24 hours of your arrest, it is in your best interest to do so. the sooner your criminal defense lawyer is on board, the sooner they can begin to prepare a strong argument for your release, work on your defense, and try to move your papers through the system to get you before a judge at the earliest possible time.

if you are fortunate enough to retain counsel, provide your attorney with as much information as you can, with as much accuracy as you can. an informed attorney is in the best position to help you.

again, no one wants to be arrested, but how one handles the arrest process can have a huge effect on the outcome of his or her case.

peter j. schaffer (718) 585-4444 has been a criminal defense lawyer in new york city since 1987. during that time he has successfully represented over two thousand individuals and businesses in state and federal court.

http://www.fedcrimlaw.netlabels: criminal law, tips




		permalink: arrested in new york city, now what do i do?
0 comments










fighting the dui/dwi tickets



      defeating a dui ticket is one of the trickiest - if doable at all - challenges any driver can have. the positive result is never guaranteed and there is always a lot of psychological pressure during the process. dui is a serious violation and is even considered to be a felony in many states. however being knowledgeable and prepared to fight a dui always helps to improve your chances and minimize the potential loss.

below discussed tips and tricks provide you with a general guidance and professional advices shared by many practicing dui lawyers with real experience of defending dui/dwi cases in the court.

dui preventive measures

the measures in this group advise you how to avoid a dui/dwi tickets from happening in the first place.

1. prevent rather than fight

this million dollar advice simply states "don't drink and drive". always consider avoiding drinking and driving if it's possible. it is much easier to prevent an undesirable event than get yourself out of trouble when an incident has already happened.

so, the first dui advice - to avoid dui "don't drink and drive" in the first place. consider using a designated driver, or take a cab or consider using the special "drunk" drivers support services which exist in many places. for example, some automobile associations provide free towing service for its members on official state holidays, super bowl day and some other "strategic" events.

2. drinking but still driving

you said "don't drink and drive"? well, easier said than done. we all know that there are numerous situations when you must drive after consuming some alcohol. and it is perfectly legal by the way in all states - illegal is only impaired driving with a blood alcohol content (bac) over the legal limit (usually 0.08). but how much is too much?

generally one alcoholic drink (glass of wine, one beer or one shot of whisky) safely metabolizes in the human body for about 30 min - 1 hour. the real number - your number - will depend on your gender, age, your metabolism rate, weight (amount of blood in your body), previous food intake, number of drinks you have had and the time elapsed after your last drink.

note also, that contrary to popular belief, coffee, tea, a cold shower, fresh air or physical exercise cannot help you to get sober sooner. so, plan accordingly and leave enough time to sober out.

so, the second dui advice - know your number if you drink before your drive. best of all, to avoid any mistakes use a personal breathalyzer. there is a plethora of individual breathalyzers available in the market and ranging from $10 to several hundred dollars depending on functionality and accuracy they provide. purchase the one you can afford and test your breath before you can start driving. this simple fix will save you from much of trouble related to dui.

dui retaliation measures

the measures in this group are meant to help you to fight possible dui consequences when you already got stopped by a police officer.

3. when you are over the limit



you were drinking and driving that night, then stopped by police and you were not sure if you got busted or not. what is next? once you get stopped by law enforcement with suspicion of dui two things would happen:

1. you will be requested a roadside sobriety exercise like spelling the alphabet starting from a specific letter forwards or counting backwards from some start number or moving exercises like finger-to-nose touching or walking straight line to test your balance etc.

if you passed the express test then everything may happily end right here. congrats!

2. if you failed the roadside express test then you will be arrested and taken to jail. a full-scale intoxication analysis will be administered to you including your breath, blood or urine analysis.

you might ask what would be the best retaliation strategy for either scenario above. the main logic behind your strategy in both scenarios is basically the same - more you cooperate with traffic police the more evidence you can leave to him. pull yourself together, stay reserved and don't do any silly things to hurt your chances.

for the first scenario - if there is any chance that you can fail the roadside test then without any doubt you should politely refuse the test and ask to talk to your lawyer first. note that roadside tests are not mandatory and there are no administrative consequences for refusing the roadside test. most likely you will be detained and placed into the jail for 8 hours but you will manage to maintain your greatest asset - a presumption of innocence. it would be much more difficult to save your case in front of a jury if you failed the road side test for any reason. another possible advantage for you here is winning time - negotiation with the police at the traffic stop, then driving to the police station, then doing paperwork there can take some time (sometimes hours) so you will get an additional chance and time to sober out if needed.

for the second scenario - the strategy is the same: if there is any chance that you can fail the breath-, blood- or urine- test then politely but firmly refuse the test until you can speak with your lawyer.

this will give you additional time to sober out and to postpone the test. however this case is generally more difficult to defend because of the so-called "implied consent law" acting in many states. according to that law you give the law enforcement authorities your explicit consent for the bac tests at the time of issuing a driving license to you. this consent limits your chances for escape later. nevertheless politely insist to speak with your lawyer and discuss your next step with him. this way you will significantly increase your chances to survive your dui.

the optimal defense strategy your lawyer would design to defend you in the court heavily depends on specific details of your dui/dwi case as well as on other important for law factors.

note, for example, that there are not one but two categories of charges for drinking and driving.

first charge category is a well-known dui (driving under influence) which addresses driver's erratic driving at the time of incident rather than anything else. dui means that you are under the influence but not necessarily over the limit. this charge category is very subjective and basically relies on judgment of the police officer who was observing the scene and who conducts the roadside express test.

second charge category, more commonly known as dwi (driving while intoxicated) focuses on charges for having bac (blood alcohol level) above the legal limit. it defines the critical bac levels for different age groups, driver categories and conditions. for example critical bac levels for underage drivers (younger than 21 years of age), commercial drivers and normal drivers are set to be 0.02, 0.04 and 0.08 respectively. note, that 0.02 actually means absolutely no drinking, i.e. zero tolerance for drivers under 21.

note that there is a distinct group of drivers who are tolerant (resistant) to the alcohol consumption and who can be well intoxicated without being impaired. according to the dwi law these particular drivers still can be found guilty in high bac level (0.08 law) but not guilty in driving under the influence!

conversely, a drinking newbie with low tolerance to alcohol may be impaired way below the 0.08 level and hence found not guilty for dwi but guilty for dui. if you are guilty of either offense, or both offenses, the punishment is the same.

note also, that dwi law doesn't address driving under drug "intoxication" as for drugged drivers bac is usually perfectly normal. to the same token dwi excludes all drivers who have a medical condition and who take legal, prescribed to them drugs which can make them drowsy, dizzy, disoriented or can impair their ability to drive safely in any other way.

it is easy to understand now that successful defense strategy for either charge category would be completely different and would drastically depend on many subtle details of your particular case.

to give you a basic understanding of what defense tactics an experienced traffic lawyer can apply in your particular case let's list some of them in a random order:

1. can the police officer prove that it was you who was driving the car?

in the case if you are not the only passenger in the car this is not that obvious.

2. where the car keys were found at the time of the traffic stop - in your hands or in the car?

3. was the miranda rights pamphlet read to you at the time of arrest?

4. were the bac measurement tools used for your intoxication report the officially approved ones and not the tools discontinued by the law in your state? if not - the intoxication report is not admissible to court and cannot be used against you.

5. was the breathalyzer tool used to measure your bac properly tested and calibrated as required by law (at least twice a months as required by many manufacturers)? if not - your case is dismissed.

6. was the breath test administered correctly - must be 15 min of continues testing. if it was less than 15 min - the measurement data are considered to be unreliable and cannot be used to convict you.

7. can your breath test be surely attributed to the exhaled air from your lungs and is not affected by your mouth alcohol which usually has much higher concentration?

8. if it was a blood test was the equipment properly cleaned to avoid contamination from previous driver tests. this would require a cross- examination of law enforcement officer.

9. if it was a urine test were there two urine samples taken? if it was one sample - your dui case can be dismissed.

10. have you had a drink without having any intent to drive and then were forced to drive by emergency?

11. have you had a single drink right before the driving? short timed drinks would unlikely affect your bac number - so if it was high in the police station sometime two hours after your detention then was it really so high at the time of traffic stop?

things which never work

theoretically many traffic violations can be "diplomatically" resolved at the time of the traffic stop if you manage to get mercy from the traffic authority that stopped you. this becomes legally possible as official law grants police officers an exclusive right to forgive a traffic violation if he decides so.

for example, you are a safe driver, or it is your first traffic violation, or you drive out of your state of residency or simply because there is something what makes the police officer sympathetic to you.

with dui/dwi violations it is different - this type of traffic offences is specifically excluded from the list of forgivable traffic violations. have no delusion - your dui/dwi never can be forgiven by a police officer. more over - police officers are officially obliged by law to capture dui/dwi violations bringing impaired drivers to justice regardless of their social status, rank, celebrity level, wealth or anything else. so never try to beg out your dui/dwi violation - this would make your chances for further defense only harsher.

conclusion

dui/dwi is a serious violation of civil and traffic law and in many states is considered to be a felony. leaving your dui/dwi case as is, without any defense can be very costly for you. driving license revocation, substantial financial fine, jail time, impounding of your car, loss of auto insurability especially if it is not your first dui/dwi violation - this is a brief list of penalties which can be applied to you in this case.

never try to handle your dui/dwi case by yourself. defending the dui/dwi case in court is a complex and very delicate process which requires full-time support of a professional lawyer specializing on dui/dwi cases. hire a lawyer and enjoy your case happily dismissed - you will be glad you did it.

alvin borsinger - web master and web marketing manager at cargalaxies.com - a borsystems company.

to get more tips about the traffic tickets and how to beat them in court feel free to visit http://www.cargalaxies.com/traffictickets_tips.aspx.

need a traffic lawyer? find all lawyers in your location searching by zip code and distance at http://www.cargalaxies.com/traffictickets_find_local_traffic_lawyer.aspx. you will find here detailed information about services they provide, with their addresses, maps, phone numbers and office hours.labels: dui, dwi, tips




		permalink: fighting the dui/dwi tickets
0 comments










dui, reckless driving and their differences



      year after year, the number of accidents on the road increases and these accidents can be because of a couple of reasons and among these reasons are reckless driving and dui. sometimes people think that reckless driving and dui is just the same thing which is definitely wrong. there are some differences between the two although they both have something to do with improper driving and are to subject to several levels of penalties. dui or driving under the influence is more serious than reckless driving. a dui charge can even be reduced into reckless driving charge depending on the extent of the incident.



when you are going to be charged with dui, it means that you were driving a motor vehicle regardless of its type, under the influence of alcohol or any prohibited/illegal drugs. it also means that during the time that you were caught on the road, your bac or blood alcohol content was beyond the legal limit. most of the time or majority of the states considers 0.08% of bac as the legal limit. beyond the set percentage, you are no longer allowed to drive any motor vehicle. reckless driving on the other hand is different. even if your blood-to-alcohol did not go beyond the set limit, you can still be charged. this is because it can be charged to an individual when he/she is driving dangerously. for instance, when you were driving, it's as if you own the road and you did not care about the safety of other people with you. even if you were not drunk at that time, you will still be charged with reckless driving.

when it comes to the penalties or punishments, it can vary from a state to another. for instance, in michigan, they have very strict rules when it comes to dui for the purpose of catching many drunk drivers and the safety of the people. therefore, the penalties/fines are surely high and the punishments will really be heavy compared to those states who not implement very strict measures on the same case. driving license suspension for a couple of months or a few months in jail are just some of the possible punishments for dui when found guilty. the same idea applies when it comes reckless driving, it depends on the state and the extent of the case.

as mentioned earlier, dui is a more serious offense compared to reckless driving so you might not need a lawyer when a reckless driving case will be filed against you. perhaps you can settle down the case without any legal assistance. but when a dui case is going to be filed against you, then you probably need a lawyer. because it is a more serious offense, then you will definitely get more serious punishments in the event that you won't be able to get out of it. however, whether dui or reckless driving, both should always be avoided to prevent any problems. and besides, why would you want to be involved in any of these cases when you always have the option not to?

camelia johnston enjoys writing for drunkdrivinginmichigan.com which offers information on michigan dui lawyer and birmingham mi dui lawyer as well as a host of additional services.labels: dui, law, tips




		permalink: dui, reckless driving and their differences
0 comments










simple criminal barrister selection tips



      are you accused of a crime, like robbery, kidnapping, murder or violence? if so, you need a criminal lawyer to defend and to help you have a fair trial in court. it is not easy to choose the right attorney for you due to the numerous barristers found in the market. if you are innocent, find a barrister to handle your case. even guilty individuals need their help to prove their innocence or to lessen their judgment in court.



simple criminal barrister selection tips

involving yourself in a criminal case is expensive, stressful and draining because you have to pay for the professional fees, filing fees and other costs associated in defending yourself in court. to get the best defense, you need to have the best attorney in the said field, otherwise, you put your future, finances and life at risk.

even though you are innocent of the crime, being accused of any crime puts a smear on your reputation, thus, you need a good barrister to protect you from the impact of conviction. since lawyer selection is crucial, you need to follow the guidelines mentioned below.

before you find an attorney, you should determine the nature of crime that you have because there are lawyers who specialize on certain crimes. there are lawyers who specialize in theft, robbery, murder and many more.

to get experienced and reputable lawyers, you need to consider certain qualities like:


they should be well versed with criminal law.
have the passion to bring justice and to protect the rights and lives of their clients.
have confidence to present the case in court and to intimidate the prosecuting team.
have the emotional skills to win the favor and to convince the jury of your innocence.
have won different types of criminal cases.
they should be brave enough to face and to stand up before the judge.
have broad knowledge and understanding of police work and finding evidences and clues.
well versed in all aspects and facets of criminal law. has the ability to bring surprises during hearings.
has the honesty to tell the client on how the case fares.
should be friendly with police officers, detectives and lawyers to get the needed information in solving the case.

points to consider when looking for a criminal lawyer:

shop around. find time to surf the internet and research about the best lawyers in the market to defend your case. short list your choices to those found in your locality.
ask referrals from friends, relatives and colleagues who experienced the same case as you have.
inquire from your local bar association and ask the track record of your chosen lawyers in your list.
ask telephone numbers of your lawyers' previous clients to get their comments and review of their performance.
ask around. find out lawyers who are practicing law, their experience and the type of case they handle and specialize. make sure that your selected lawyer is licensed and has malpractice insurance.
select lawyers whom you are comfortable dealing with.

camelia johnston enjoys writing for drunkdrivinginmichigan.com which offers information on michigan dui lawyer and novi dui attorney as well as a host of additional services.labels: criminal law, tips




		permalink: simple criminal barrister selection tips
0 comments










how to clear my dui charges? beat dui arrest now!



      are you trying to clear your dui charges? a record showing that a person is charged with an offense does not necessarily mean that the person is guilty. this is the reason why it is necessary to clear your dui charges before you are proven guilty and before the police enter it in the criminal records as a public document.

the steps you need to take in order clear a dui record are difficult especially if you learn it through experience. if you have been charged a dui before, you will definitely know how hard beating a dui arrest record can get.

to clear your dui charges, you need to have a criminal lawyer that has experience in these kinds of cases, proof that you were not drunk, and a bac level that is lower than.08%. the rules and procedures vary from different states but most dui can be expunged. although it is hard, most dui's can be cleared if you do the following:

to ensure that your bac is measured properly, you must remember that breathalyser tests are judged on the average person's bac levels. this information is helpful if your blood alcohol content and tolerance levels differ from that statistic.

to provide a good defense, you must remember that some drinks like coffee lattes can make breathalyzers give an inaccurate bac reading. you'll be able to clear your dui charges if what you have been consuming is not alcohol but just coffee latte.

if you have proof that you were not impaired when you were pulled over, you will have a chance of avoiding a dui conviction. this claim can be supported if you had a bac level lesser than.08%. you must remember that if your actions reflect that you were intoxicated at the time of the testing and the state can provide enough evidence to prove it, your arguments will be overruled. you will surely be convicted for dui.

with the above simple steps, you are taking your first step to clear your dui record as long as you follow them. you need to do what the officer will tells you to do in order to avoid adding new charges to your dui and lower your chance of clearing your dui charge altogether. you must also know the conditions that can affect the result of your bac as well as the desired level of bac to ensure that you can beat dui arrest.

final step- download dui process manual. this is a guide that can save you thousands of dollars hiring lawyer as you can beat your dui arrest diy by searching leaks and holes of laws you never know, exposed by the dui process manual [http://www.squidoo.com/dui-process]!labels: criminal law, dui




		permalink: how to clear my dui charges? beat dui arrest now!
0 comments










nine biggest mistakes people make after a dwi arrest



      1. waiting too long to hire an attorney.



after their arrest for a dwi, many people are angry, upset, scared, and confused. they are often embarrassed and would rather not deal with their situation. the great majority of the time, they are afraid to talk to their family or friends because they do not want to be judged. so often they end up doing nothing but waiting and hoping it will all go away. the truth is that the dwi can be a nightmare if it is not dealt with quickly and with action.

1. time can be your friend or your enemy depending upon how it is used.
2. inactivity after a dwi case is always a bad idea.
3. the problems with waiting to hire an attorney can only magnify over time.

many dwi cases are successfully defended based upon learning the details of the stop and the arrest. a successful defense is always in the details.

the defense of the case may require an investigation of the scene. 
the defense of the case may require a discussion with potential witnesses. 
the defense of the case may hinge on the memory of the events and activities before and after the stop and arrest. 
the defense of the case requires immediate investigation because memories fade, roadside conditions can change daily due to weather, videotapes can get erased, and witnesses can move or prove difficult to locate. 
the defense of the case requires pinpointing timelines. when each and every event occurred can be crucial, such as, when the stop occurred, when statements were given, when the miranda warnings were given, when the field sobriety tests were given, and when the arrest was made. 
the defense of the case may require a thorough and detailed analysis of how the field sobriety tests were instructed and how they were performed. 
the defense of the case may require analyzing how the police officer recorded his observations, the words he used, his notes about the stop and the arrest, and his filling out police forms and records. these pieces of evidence can all prove significant to a successful defense. 

when should i hire a dwi attorney?

immediately. new york law requires that you have 45 days after your arraignment to file all pre-trial motions. an experienced dwi attorney will immediately demand that the prosecution hand over all discovery documents and all proof that they are going to use against you. if you fail to hire an attorney and you do not file any pre-trial motions (challenging the probable cause of the stop, the probable cause of the arrest, and the voluntariness of your statements), you then give up your right to fight the stop, the arrest, and all evidence that came from them.

in short, the sooner you act, the better chance i will have in providing the best dwi defense.

2. not hiring an experienced and local dwi attorney.

my practice focuses on ithaca and tompkins county dwi cases. the majority of my retained clients are tompkins county new york dwi cases. new york dwi laws are complicated, and techniques in defending dwi are constantly changing. that is why it is important to find a lawyer who stays on top of the current dwi laws, trends, and what occurs in tompkins county courts everyday. i am that lawyer.

furthermore, i concentrate my continuing legal education on dwi specific seminars, rather than general criminal law issues. this assures i always have the most current, up-to-date information to benefit my clients.

3. not taking the matter seriously.

new york state has no expungement law so if you are convicted, this is a charge that will follow you for the rest of your life. in fact, a conviction will stay on your record even after your death. the additional insurance charges alone could cost you thousands of dollars. also, a ny dwi or dwai charge will be used as a predicate offense if you receive another within a 10 year time period. for this second dwi, you will most likely be indicted as a felony dwi, class e which could mean a real possibility for prison time.

4. continuing to drive after your license has been taken away.

no need to tempt fate. if your license has been taken, suspended, or revoked, you are only hurting yourself if you continue to drive. "driving while license invalid" is a misdemeanor in new york state, and punishable by up to a year in jail. not to mention the complications it will pose in your dwi case.

5. not taking full advantage of your constitutional rights.

this usually happens when you try to handle the case on your own, or hire an attorney not well versed in dwi laws. there may be numerous areas of your stop and arrest that were unconstitutional. defense pre-trial motions
must be filed to:

contest the constitutionality of the stop 
contest the constitutionality of the probable cause to arrest 
contest the constitutionality of the miranda rights 
contest the manner in which roadside tests were given 
contest the use of a portable breath tester 
contest the constitutionality of any search and seizure 
contest the constitutionality of the refusal

6. failing to appear in court.

if you do not show up for a court appearance, the court will issue a bench warrant for your arrest and revoke any bond. the next time you are stopped for a traffic infraction, you will be spending some time in jail and posting a bond for your future appearances.

7. talking to anyone but an attorney about your case.

anything you say to them can be used against you. talking to friends, family, etc. may be nice and comforting, but every case is different. just because something happened in your friend's case, doesn't mean it will happen in yours. different counties, different judges, different facts mean different results.

8.thinking that by talking to numerous attorneys you will then be able to handle it on your own.

you need to have an attorney go to court with you. there is no way around it. it has been said that "an attorney who represents themselves in court, has a fool for a client." even attorneys charged with dwi will hire a dwi attorney to represent them in court. what does that tell you?

you need an experienced dwi attorney to explain not only the law but options specific to your case and, most importantly, how your decisions can impact your future.

9. just pleading "guilty" to the dwi to get it over.

if i plead "guilty" do i really even need a lawyer?

i have many clients give me a call and say something along the lines of . . .

"i am guilty. i just want to plea guilty and get this over."

my answer is always a very strong "yes!" my job isn't simply to get
innocent people found not guilty, or to get guilty people "off."

my job is to make sure that you are treated fairly and receive fair treatment throughout the process. i also think it is of the utmost importance to understand all of your options and how the decisions you may make today can affect your future.

in new york state, dwi has a very large punishment range. these can range from license suspensions to revocations of 90 days or up to a year. the court surcharges can range from $260.00 (for a dwai) and many hundreds more for a dwi. the fines can range from the hundreds of dollars to the thousands as well. punishments can include years of probation where you cannot drink alcohol or be around anyplace serving it for years. the conditions of your probation can be as wide as you can imagine. if your plea bargain is not properly negotiated, you could end up with some overly harsh conditions.

good negotiations may help you avoid having a deep lung device (ignition interlock device) attached to your car. this is an apparatus that requires you to blow into it to start your car, and periodically while driving. if you have friends or business associates in your car, it can be quite embarrassing. not to mention, it costs about $70 per month to monitor... a price paid by you. over the years, it can cost you thousands of dollars.

other conditions on your probation could be large amounts of community service, costing you money when you are not working.

another, and most important consideration is that if you plead guilty, you have 100% chance of being found guilty and having a dwi conviction on your record. new york state has no expungement law so your dwi record will stay with you for life.

sometimes, you have the opportunity to be found not guilty at trial, which is not necessarily the same thing as being found innocent. if your rights were violated, etc., a trial is usually the only chance for you to keep this off your record. you could even have the chance of being found guilty to the reduced charge of dwai, which is a traffic infraction.

what it boils down to is that even if you are guilty, you still need a good dwi lawyer to make sure that you understand your options and are treated fairly.

lawrence a. newman, ithaca, new york dwi lawyer

http://www.ithacadwi.com

http://ithacadwi.blogspot.comlabels: dwi, tips




		permalink: nine biggest mistakes people make after a dwi arrest
0 comments










the possible consequences of a dui offense and getting help



      dui offenses seem to be ever growing and law enforcement authorities are eager to reduce this by punishing drivers who choose to get behind the wheel intoxicated. dui offenses are not light handles and the penalties can be hefty for those who are found guilty of the offenses. there are so many serious consequences of driving while under the influence of alcohol or any other illegal substance and the offense consequences are just as serious.

driver's license suspension

one of the outcomes you will face immediately you are caught driving under the influence of alcohol is to have your license taken away. the arresting officer has the right to do this on the spot and provide you with a temporary permit that will make it possible for you to continue driving for at least 30 days more before the license is suspended or revoked. the suspension can be for at least six months or can go up to a year in case you have refused to take a blood test or a breathalyzer test. in case you have been convicted of dui previously, the license can be suspended for as long as ten years.

sr22 insurance and alcohol awareness classes

if you are able to challenge driver's license suspension and you are allowed to keep it, you may end up being required to attain an sr22 insurance that is designed with high risk drivers in mind and therefore costs so much more than the standard once. the costs to you may not end up on the insurance, but could also extend to alcohol and drug awareness classes that you may be required to attend and for which you pay as well. the classes can take up to 9 months and this means footing all the costs throughout the period.

fines and prison time

apart from having your license revoked and paying penalties for the dui offense, there is a very high possibility that you could end up in jail. this is usually very possible in situations where you caused injuries or worst still death to people as you drove under the influence. the prison time can be anything from 6 months and over depending on the circumstances. dui fines can be hefty too sometimes hitting the $2000 mark. it all depends on the severity of the offense; those with previous convictions of the same face more severe fines and suspensions in most cases.

reputation effects

criminal records always have an impact on your personal reputation and history and this is something that can affect your career or job. a bad reputation does not appear too good, even among family members and it can affect how people treat you.

getting help

even with all the consequences that come with driving under the influence, a skillful dui lawyer can help you go through the cases and choose the best strategy to use to turn the case around to your favor. the professional help can reduce the sentence or penalties or even have the case dismissed.

seattle dui lawyers can argue unlawful arrest, lack of evidence and wrongful testing procedure as strategies to get your dui case turn to your favor. get the best to get the best representation.labels: criminal law, dui, tips




		permalink: the possible consequences of a dui offense and getting help
0 comments










hire a dog bite lawyer for help



      hiring a dog bite lawyer is the right choice if you or someone you know has been injured from a dog bite. this is a type of incident that can cause serious damage to a person s body. if it is very severe, it can even cause death. this type of attorney is also commonly known as a personal injury attorney. these professionals deal with all types of injuries, and they help people every day. when something like this occurs, it is generally because someone has not kept their pet in their own yard. the pet somehow got out and loose, and it went and attacked an innocent person. unfortunately a lot of times, the injured victims are children. this is a serious problem, and it happens more than you think.



some of the medical problems that can result from this are disfigurement of the face, broken bones in the body, and lacerations. there are many other problems that can also occur, including a person contracting rabies. people can become mentally traumatized by an event like this, and the owner of the dog should be held liable for all of these injuries. there is really nothing a person can do on their own if this happens. this is why a person may want to hire a dog bite lawyer, who has a lot of experience handling cases like this. they have successfully handled these cases, and have helped many people receive compensation for their injuries.

when you hire a dog bite lawyer, there are several things they will do. first, they will investigate the incident. this may require talking to witnesses and doing research. one thing the attorney will have to prove is that the injured person did not provoke the dog in any way. in many states, this is something that must be proven by the attorney. if the injured party did provoke the dog, the person may not be entitled to compensation for these injuries.

they will then calculate a total amount of money to ask for from the defendant. there are many different things that will be included in this amount. it will include the amount of money the person has spent so far on medical care and the amount the person will most likely have to spend in the future. it will also include lost wages and an amount for emotional distress and suffering. in many cases, the owner of the dog will turn this claim over to their insurance company. an insurance company will usually cover the costs associated with something like this. if you win the case, you will most likely be able to receive the compensation you deserve.

if you're looking for a philadelphia dog bite lawyer to represent you, consider the trusted, experienced professionals at http://thepearcelawfirm.com.labels: dog bite, lawyers, tips




		permalink: hire a dog bite lawyer for help
0 comments










what situations can lead to dui charges?




dui, driving under the influence is one of the most common offense most drivers face. driving while drunk is the image that immediately pops into mind when dui is mentioned. even though the charges associated are for drivers who choose to drive while intoxicated with alcohol, it is not always about the alcohol. there are so many other substances that can leave a driver in a state of intoxication and they also fall under dui and can amount to the charges.

drug intoxication

apart from the alcohol, there are a number of illegal substances that can amount to the charges. there is a wide classification of drugs and their legality varies from one state to another or from one country to another. the fact is that sometimes even prescription drugs that induce intoxication can cause trouble for you. whereas alcohol seems to be the major culprit with the charges, you risk additional charges if you are found under the influence of other types of drugs. drug tests

possession of drugs

what you should remember is that even being in possession of substances in your car when an officer suspects you are driving under the influence can also land you in trouble. upon pulling you over with suspicion, the officer has the right to search your car. on finding any illegal substances in your car and your driving was suspicious enough to suggest that you are under the influence, you can be faced with dui charges and be arrested.

risky or suspicious driving behavior

dui offenses can also arise even for drivers whose blood alcohol content is not over 0.8 in some cases. a law enforcement officer can slap you with a dui arrest after making some driving observations with you that could suggest that you are intoxicated. some of the behaviors that can amount to the dui charges include making or trying to make very narrow or very wide turns, slow driving that is too alert, dangerous driving sometimes nearly crashing into things or people, and drifting on the road recklessly. sudden breaking that seems too frequent, neglecting marked lanes and driving on center lines can also be observations that can lead to charges under dui.

responsible driving is very important and to keep off legal issues, it is best that you stick to the rules and regulations. but in case you find yourself faced with a dui charge, you can always seek legal assistance from a dui lawyer. a professional dui attorney can help in dismissing the case if you were wrongfully arrested or can also help in reducing the penalties in case you were actually intoxicated when driving. because of how severe the consequences of the offense can be, it is best that you choose a lawyer who has what it takes to handle the case in the most professional way possible. there are so many defenses your dui lawyer can use to try and turn things in your favor and probably even save you from prison time.

an experienced dui attorney can make a huge difference for your dui case whether you are guilty as charged or not.labels: criminal charges, dui, tips




		permalink: what situations can lead to dui charges?
0 comments










a bankruptcy attorney is priceless



      to some, it would seem like a silly idea for someone going through financial struggles, to hire a bankruptcy attorney. in their eyes, this course of action is only taking more money out of a person's pockets. this may be true at the onset, but the benefits that these professionals provide, far outweigh any amount of money they may charge.



for instance, a bankruptcy attorney can help their clients sift through the mountain of confusing paperwork that comes along with their case. the average person needs at least some assistance just filling out job applications. it isn't because they are illiterate, but some applications include verbiage that is just downright confusing. so, with that being said, imagine the trouble someone would have filling out legal financial documents. this is why lawyers are so essential. they can go through the documents with their client and ensure that everything is done correctly and completely.

making the decision to complete this task alone could end up being a costly mistake. that's because if someone turns in their paperwork incomplete or with incorrect answers, their bankruptcy case could be dismissed; which would cause them further financial strain for an extended period of time.

paperwork isn't the only thing that a bankruptcy attorney can help with. there are also times when creditors need to be contacted. this is to notify them of the impending case. this will also help to ensure that the client isn't penalized while the case is processing.

along with the aforementioned examples, a bankruptcy attorney is able to help ease their clients' minds. that's because they wouldn't have to concern themselves with handling the difficult parts of their cases. it's bad enough that they must deal with their obvious financial issues, which definitely help to increase stress levels.

lastly, a bankruptcy attorney has the necessary skills to handle the case. the average lawyer is in school for anywhere from 6 to 10 years. this helps to ensure that they are as knowledgeable about their field as possible. this example alone is reason enough to hire one of these professionals. to put it plainly, they have the proper skills and expertise.

so, if you ever find yourself in a serious financial bind, don't try to handle the situation on your own. there is more to a bankruptcy case than some people are aware of. a professional lawyer has the ability to make the case go as smoothly as possible, while giving you the best chance to see a desirable outcome. don't allow yourself to get caught up in the cost of a lawyer. besides, they are aware of your financial state. therefore, it probably won't be difficult to find someone who will be willing to work out a feasible payment plan with you.

underestimating the worth of a modesto bankruptcy attorney can be a fatal mistake. that's why [http://www.bankruptcycenterhelp.com] is here to help.labels: attorney, bankruptcy




		permalink: a bankruptcy attorney is priceless
0 comments










links






recommended articles

how to find a good divorce attorney
how to find a lawyer?
a quick guide to lawyers





blogroll

license plate custom photo charms
lrc-orbit: legal research center news
cleveland law library
cocky law blawg
baltimore law library weblog
the volokh conspiracy
international phone cards
from feral to domestic
evidenceprof blog
cincinnati law library blog
law dawg blawg
ohio legal research blog
vancouver law librarian blog 
home tests test kits
love lyrics & toe rings






previous posts

look for prisoners through the inmate searchcalling ecstasy "cheeseburgers" doesn't make it legalarrested in new york city, now what do i do?fighting the dui/dwi ticketsdui, reckless driving and their differencessimple criminal barrister selection tipshow to clear my dui charges? beat dui arrest now!nine biggest mistakes people make after a dwi arrestthe possible consequences of a dui offense and get...hire a dog bite lawyer for help
license plate custom italian charms





archives

june 2006august 2006october 2006november 2006december 2006january 2007march 2007april 2007may 2007june 2007july 2007april 2008june 2008july 2008april 2010november 2013march 2015april 2015january 2017february 2017march 2017april 2017



contributors

unknown
unknown











 



