






hdda | welcome to downtown hickory




























































home
events

annual events
event calendar


oktoberfest

entertainment
kidsfest
castle of cans
directions / festival map
vendors
volunteers
sponsors
photo gallery


news
discover downtown

shopping
dining
leisure
entertainment
services
professional
downtown selfie walk


about us
parking
donate
 


select page


  
 
 















shop. dine. enjoy downtown hickory.

what's happening?









shop. dine. enjoy downtown hickory.

what's happening?









shop. dine. enjoy downtown hickory.

what's happening?









shop. dine. enjoy downtown hickory.

what's happening?











above photos credits:  ©chad austin and  ©revival creatives










downtown hickory has it all!
a variety of unique retail shops, restaurants, professional offices, and entertainment venues are located in a park-like setting in the heart of hickory. outdoor dining enables you to experience the seasons in north carolina’s foothills while consuming the cuisine of award-winning chefs. the community theatre and downtown cinema are a short walk from downtown’s free parking.







shop | dine








































things to do








































upcoming events












































shopping
everything you need in one place. shop for unique clothing, shoes, accessories, and jewelry as you take a relaxing walk through historic downtown hickory. want to spruce up your home? browse through our furniture and art shops. get away from the malls and check out our eclectic boutiques offering everything from olive oil to soap.
see directory



entertainment
find out about everything that’s going on in downtown hickory. spend time at our farmers market or relax with a concert or spend the weekend at octoberfest. there’s always something to do. downtown hickory has several annual events throughout the year from music to art to children’s treasure hunts!
annual events



dining
downtown hickory has something for every taste. feel like traditional fare? enjoy a hotdog, burger or some famous nc bbq. in the mood for fine dining? try the creations of local chefs in one of several restaurants located in historic buildings. just in the mood for a drink? there are plenty of options for spirits, wine, and beer.
see directory



leisure
downtown hickory has something for everyone. whether it’s a long walk on the city walk throughout downtown and on to lenoir rhyne university campus. maybe you’d like to check out what the public library has to offer. get outside and take your kids to the new lowes foods park by union square.
more info







stay in touch
we have a texting platform! want to receive text reminders and news about downtown hickory events? if so, subscribe today!
with your mobile device, text news to 855-780-0784. you’ll receive up to 4 messages a month. you can cancel at any time by replying stop. msg. & data rates may apply.











downtown resources


















































































































the city of hickory is a north carolina main street community, designated by the n.c. department of commerce main street & rural planning center.  hickory downtown development association is charged with administering the program at the local level and building public-private partnerships to spur economic development that achieves measurable results such as investment, business growth, and job creation. 







as a main street america™ accredited program, hickory downtown development association is a recognized leading program among the national network of more than 1,200 neighborhoods and communities that share both a commitment to creating high-quality places and to building stronger communities through preservation-based economic development. all main street america™ accredited programs meet a set of national accreditation standards of performance as outlined by main street america.













homeeventsnewsdiscover downtownabout usparking & mapsdonate



hickory downtowndevelopment association24 first avenue nep.o. box 9086hickory, nc 28603828-322-1121info@downtownhickory.com



follow us

followfollow

newsletter signup











©2024 hickory downtown development association



 










facebook




x




rss


designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress 
































