





















college of continuing education at sacramento state






































 






skip to main content
skip to site navigation










college of continuing education at sacramento state

transforming lives by providing innovative learning opportunities regionally and globally.


















more options



 
 









header link december 17, 2015 



sac state home





read more
 








header link june 8, 2020 



make a gift





read more
 








header link november 10, 2015 



contact us





read more
 




 
 





home slider
home tiles



programs & servicesadministration of justicecrime and intelligence analysis certificate program
cultural competency certificate program
bachelor of science in criminal justice


business and managementcontract management certificate program
human resources management certificate program
nonprofit administration certificate program


communicationamerican sign language
second bachelor of science in communication sciences and disorders
modern greek language


degree completionadn to bsn collaborative
bachelor of arts in arts & letters
bachelor of arts in child and adolescent development
bachelor of science in psychology
bachelor of science in career and technical studies
bachelor of science in criminal justice


educationadult learning disabilities certificate program
advanced placement summer institute
career technical education (cte) credential
computer science supplementary authorization
dropout prevention specialist certificate program
single subject science/math credentials
ma in curriculum & instruction
ma in workforce development
pps credential in school social work
school nurse credential program
play therapy graduate certificate
school mental wellness certificate


environment and sustainabilitywastewater treatment plant operation specialist certificate program
water treatment plant operations specialist certificate program


governmentleadership for the government executive
leadership for the government manager
leadership for the government supervisor


health and emergency servicesadn to bsn collaborative
emergency medical technician courses
paramedic program
paramedic program — hybrid option


master’s and graduate levelcommunity college faculty preparation certificate
master of arts in education (curriculum and instruction)
master of arts in workforce development leadership
master of public health
master of science in accountancy
master of science in business analytics
master of science in finance
mba for executives
online imba
pupil personnel services credential in school social work
school nurse credential program + masters in nursing
play therapy graduate certificate


open universityopen university


summer and winter programssummer session
summer youth academies
winter intersession


travel studyfaculty-led domestic travel study
faculty-led study abroad
independent travel study


workforce and community solutionsconferences
course credit service (ceus)
customized training
government workforce




registration & enrollmentacademic credit information
non-credit information
pay for classesfinancial aid


students with disabilities


about ccecontact us
locations and hours
college news and stories
online learning and services
cce leadership
instructor directory
strategic plan
hornetattain!
campus resourcesinstructional resources


university policies




 















carousel march 1, 2016 


 


strategies for success





read more
 








carousel june 14, 2023 


 


are you ready for online learning?





read more
 








carousel november 16, 2015 


 


support for adult learners




  at the college of continuing education, we recognize that adult
  learners bring a wealth of experiences and perspectives into the
  classroom, and are well-poised for academic success. we know that
  you, as an adult learner, are highly motivated to learn, grow and
  continue your education – and we are thrilled to be part of your
  journey.  we also know that this journey can be stressful,
  and that you are juggling many responsibilities and competing
  demands while you pursue your education.  


we are here for you.
 

read more
college news and stories
 




 
 
jump to contact info



home  








overview october 14, 2015 



it’s your time.




 


  our innovative programs can help you grow in a new direction,
  advance your skills and redefine the possible. enjoy flexible
  schedules and small class sizes with our expert instructors, or
  take online classes that fit your busy lifestyle.
  welcome to a world of possibilities.




choose path



administration of
        justice


business and
        management


communication


degree completion


education


environment and
        sustainability


government


health and
        emergency services


master’s and graduate
        level


summer and winter
        programs



 

read more
 




 
 









student success story may 16, 2024 



cindy echavarria

human resources management certificate program



 


  “during my career i have worked in leadership roles that allowed
  me to perform many of the human resources responsibilities. what
  i realized was my lack of having the educational certification to
  partner with my experiences was preventing me from landing a
  position within a hr department. i chose to pursue the schooling
  needed to give me the educational information to tie in with my
  experiences.”
 

cindy's story
 








student success story february 14, 2024 



juan marquez-lua

emergency medical technician courses



 


  “i found out about cce when i was doing research on which emt
  course i should attend,” juan marquez-lua says. “i chose to
  attend cce’s emt program because everyone i asked said it was one
  of the best in the area.”
 

juan's story
 








student success story august 4, 2023 



rebecca losasso

contract management certificate program



 


  “i chose the contract management certificate program at the
  college of continuing education because of the reputation of
  sacramento state as well as the reasonable cost.”
 

rebecca's story
 








student success story september 11, 2017 



wendy la

second bachelor of science in communication sciences and disorders



 


  wendy la was the first in her family to go to college. she earned
  a degree in psychology but later realized her passion was
  working in speech pathology with children. she found a degree
  program tailored to her needs at sacramento state.
 

wendy's story
 








student success story september 7, 2016 



jullanar williams

criminal justice



 


  jullanar williams is a single parent, full-time paralegal
  and caregiver for her mother, who lives three hours
  away from sacramento state. she only has to look into her son’s
  eye for confirmation she’s on the right path. jullanar earned her
  criminal justice degree and credits our online program for
  making it possible. 
 

jullanar's story
 




 
 









post october 14, 2015 



how to register



 


  you have many convenient options when registering for classes.


  select your preferred course(s) and register by phone, fax or
  through our website.


  if you are admitted to the university, you may also register
  online through my sac state.


  to learn more, visit our registration & enrollment page.


   
 

register
 








post october 14, 2015 



explore courses



 


  we offer a variety of programs to a wide array of audiences,
  including high school and college students, working adults and
  international groups.


  choose from individual courses
  to full certificate and degree programs — we have flexible
  options to fit your lifestyle and learning needs.
 

programs & services
 








post october 14, 2015 



locations and hours



 


  napa hall is the home of the college of continuing education.
  many classes are held in napa hall, in addition to other
  locations on campus.


  our front counter is a great resource where you can ask
  questions, submit registration forms or connect with our
  qualified staff.
 

locations and hours
 








post october 14, 2015 



contact us



 


  we’re here to help you in your educational journey. we look
  forward to answering your questions and providing the information
  you need to make an informed decision.


  our team of experienced staff is available by phone or email.
 

send us a message
 




 
 
 




instagram




 

facebook

 



sacramento state – college of continuing education



 















footer contact october 14, 2015 



california state university, sacramento



 


  college of continuing education
  3000 state university drive
  sacramento, ca 95819
  phone: (916) 278-4433
  toll-free: (800) 858-7743
  fax: (916) 278-4865
  email: cceinfo@csus.edu
 

read more
 




 
 









social link october 14, 2015 



facebook





read more
 








social link october 14, 2015 



linkedin





read more
 








social link october 14, 2015 



instagram





read more
 




 
 









column 1 december 17, 2015 



sac state home





read more
 








column 1 july 15, 2019 



california state university





read more
 








column 1 july 15, 2019 



compliance





read more
 








column 1 july 15, 2019 



campus safety





read more
 








column 1 july 15, 2019 



accessibility statement





read more
 








column 1 july 15, 2019 



title ix





read more
 




 
 










log in



e-mail or username: *



password: *



 remember me


request new password




 

commands

support portallog in 
 




