







quantum laser displays



































































































              home
            

            equipment
          

            featured work
          

            clients
          

            team
          

            contact
          






















































homeequipmentfeatured workclientsteamcontact


















scroll








peachtree laser is now quantum laser displays, inc. same great people, fancy new name.welcome to quantum laser displaysmake your next event something special with a complete laser light show packagecustom-designed just for you.




    check out our work →
  









 











we realize covid-19 has caused the cancellation of most events, however quantum laser displays is still available for socially distanced music videos and outdoor events such as drive-in concerts, christmas lighting displays and advertising on billboards and buildings. contact us to find out more about what we can do for you!

 






our clientswe have partnered with clients including delta air lines, the atlanta hawks, control data, at&t, and many other fortune 500 companies to deliver stunning, memorable results for corporate parties, sporting events, and other special occasions.




    learn more  →
  









 

state-of-the-art equipmentpeachtree laser utilizes the most up-to-date equipment to provide a complete, professional, and safe presentation. our equipment includes the latest and most advanced graphics generation and show control systems.




    learn more →
  

 







 

expertise in the industrywith more than 60 years of combined experience in the laser show industry, our staff is more than capable of translating your vision into a colorful and powerful presentation.




    meet our pros →
  

 









welcome



qld intro



laser shows



state-of-the-art equipment



expertise in the industry












404-352-2565
ptlaser@bellsouth.net


hours






© 2022 quantum laser displays. all rights reserved.



contact us  |  policies  |  web credits








