


custom bowie knives, damascus knives, skinning knives, knife sheaths, handcrafted knives
































































ab401bowie knivesbuckskinnercontact uscustom knivesgallery 3gallery 1gallery 2handleshistoryhomepagehunters knivesknives availablepic hostingpurchaserh-1rh-2rh-3scrimshawscrimshaw iisheathsskinner knivessmall hunting knivessouthwest








homepage





i live and work in the beautiful ozark region of missouri, which has been my home for many years. actually i grew up here but left in 1965 when i joined the marine corps. i didn't move back to this same place until 1973 and it has been our home since that time. i attended college at tulsa and o.u. in norman, ok. for about three years. i also have studied oil painting, woodcarving and jewelry making before entering into the world of knife making which seems to be my choice of all the arts. i worked as a welder for 23 years prior to my knife-making career. 


when i first began i was making metal letters than i started making knives i attended the american bladesmith school in 1991 which is sponsored by the american bladesmith society in conjunction with texarkana college and is located in old washington arkansas, which is a very historic town. it is where james black's blacksmith & silversmith shop is located, the man who is credited by some with having made the original bowie knife for jim bowie. my more history

 


ramsey custom knives 8525 trout farm rd. neosho, mo 64850


home

history

contact us

order / cart

 

e-mail

 

available knives

 

small hunting

knives

 

gallery 1

gallery 2

gallery 3

 

 

 

tomahawks & axe

links:

ozark trading post (being revised)

mo hunters

 

 

 


knives available i hunting knives  i skinning knives i bowie knives i folding knives l outdoor products


knives available damascus knives  knife sheaths i scrimshaw











orders: (800) 451-1494





you are visitor
			350571





' semper fi '

























you are visitor
			350571






® 


® 




one avilable


questions: 417- 451-1493











at this time i am not taking any orders with delivery dates. the best i can do is place your order in my order book and notify you when i am ready to start making it. thank you...!













gallery 4


purchase


to all my friends and loyal customers:

due to a very large backlog of custom orders i am trying to complete, i am unable to take additional custom orders at this time. my former dorm room roommate who owns a dumpster rental springfield il company still makes knives on the side. so give him a call. perhaps in the near future i can resume taking your orders once again. i am going to try and and place knives that i have already made on my 'knives available' web page. these will be for immediate delivery. if you would like for me to notify you of new listings as i post them, then drop me an email and i will be glad to let you know. 

 

 

 











'notice'



'please see note at the bottom of this page'


rams@hughes.net


richard a. ramsey


8525 trout farm rd. neosho, mo


richard a. ramsey

 
 

