






martial arts history museum - fun things to do in los angeles
























































home
events

events
apache knife class
expert class
all things martial arts


dragonfest expo
about

about the museum
hall of fame
board members
president michael matsuda


donate

appreciation gift
membership
make a donation


store

the museum store
the amazon store


info

info
humanitarian efforts
photo gallery
video gallery
news
martial business and workforce development


 





select page


  
 



 



 
















shop our museum store



make a donation



visit our youtube channel



visit our facebook page

 


the new museum is now open!!!
the doors to the new and 4x larger martial arts history museum is now open. museum hours are wednesday thru sunday, 11 am to 6 pm. cost is $12 for adults, $5 for kids. it will take close to an hour to go through the larger facility. we are starting to book events so in time, check our events page.
new address: 201 n. brand blvd., b100, glendale, ca 91203(note: best to use the entrance around the block at 111 w. wilson ave)
parking enter 4-story tower at 222 n. orange st. (first 90 min are free)signs are not up yet, but look for the a-frames on the street to show you where to go.

 


join our mailing list



become a member



become a patron



official hall of fame

 
 
 



 
 



museum closure dates: the museum will be closed for superbowl sunday, feb. 9, 2025why? no one has ever come on that day in our entire history. have fun!!!!!!

 
 
 






booth rentals are now available for the biggest expo of the year, dragonfest will be held saturday, aug. 2, 2025 in glendale, ca. it’s the most exciting asian and martial arts convention ever!!! 6 seminars, stage performances and more. dragonfest.com

 
 




the museum channel
it’s been years in the making but we are on the very edge of officially launching “the museum channel.” we’ve got one video up and working on the rest. this will be a fun way to watch all our great biographies and enjoy our special interviews. 

 
 




the museum store
looking for ways to support the museum and you don’t know how? well, we have a solution. the museum store has plenty of great things you can wear to tell others about the museum. just click here

 
 
 




 
 


 
 





field trip for the kids
the new museum can now accommodate over 150 kids or more at a time. the nearly 8,000 square foot facility provides a great opportunity for visitors to learn about art, history, culture and tradition. the museum is designed as a self-guided tour.

 
 




museum monthly events!
every month, we hold at least two (2) events at the museum. from movie screenings to honor days to book signings to comedy nights to game nights to even wine tasting. we hold seminars, workshops, and classes. we hold craft fairs, artists’ displays and sometimes we just have a fun party night. check out our events page.

 
 
 


 
 






as a museum, we feel we are an essential part of this community. over the years we have continued to provide different branches of humanitarian work for the city. please visit the following to make a donation: click here

 
 




learn from the greatest martial artists in the world as they share their techniques, movements and their personal method of fighting in our free expert class.

 
 




the martial arts school owners group is available free-of-charge on facebook. created by school owner fariborz azhakh, this is a terrific way for school owners to keep in touch and share information.

 
 




it’s important that we do all we can to help the martial arts community grow. through this page, we will provide workforce development and special tips that will help you and your business grow.

 
 
 




 
 


 
 






get “behind the scenes”& more with patreon

 

learn more about the museum, get the behind the scenes, keep updated on things that are happening and get special videos, then patreon.com is for you. click here for more info.

 
 




museum launcheschildren’s book

 

enjoy the release of the museum’s first children’s book, “the adventures of ichi & his friend”. with characters created and represent the martial arts history museum, it is now available on amazon. click here

 
 




watch the museumyoutube channel

 

want to learn more about the museum, martial arts history, fun events, biographies, and everything you always wanted to know about the martial arts? well, look no further, subscribe free to our youtube page. click here to enjoy.

 
 
 


 
 




 


learn about culture and history
the martial arts history museum is an exciting place for the entire family to enjoy. even if you’ve never done martial arts in your life, you will have a great time exploring how asian history became part of american history through film, tv, animation and more. artifacts include several japanese samurai, a unique look as the artistry of the ninja or trans the roots of anime through our animation timeline.
if you enjoy movies and television, you will love our flim/tv timeline tracing roots to anna may wong and akira kurasawa’s epic film, the seven samurai. it takes close to an hour to visit the museum and scheduled tours are available.

 
 
 


 
 




supporting organizations:the museum would like to extend its gratitude for the following foundations, organizations and larger contributors:

 
 
 








 





 





 





 
 


 
 



enjoy martial arts movies & biographies

 
 
 




 
 



the martial arts history and martial arts history museum are registered trademarks.the martial arts museum is a registered trademark.the martial arts history museum logo is a registered trademark.the characters of the museum are official trademarks of the museum.

 
 
 




 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 



 
  membership
join our mailing list!
contact
about us
  hall of fame
news
events
press
   martial arts history museum
201 n. brand blvd., b100
glendale, ca 91203
(use entrance at 111 wilson ave.)
(818) 245-6051
info@mamuseum.com
parking
park at the 4-story tower on orange blvd.
between california and wilson.
first 90 minutes are free.
or
park at the glendale galleria
mall. parking is free all day.
hours
wednesday, 11am – 6pm
thursday, 11am – 6pm
friday, 11am- 6pm
saturday, 11am – 6pm
sunday, 11am – 6pm
admission
$12 – adults
$5 – kids 6 – 17
$10 – adults 65+
free – “active” military
free – “active” police
special events
$20 adults
$5 – kids 6 – 17
the museum is a non-profit
501(c)(3) organization

    
 





facebook




twitter




google




rss



© 2025 martial arts history museum. all rights reserved.
 

 
 
 






