



	software fx - data visualization for any need, any platform.













software fx: data visualization for every need, every platform.






















development technologies change...
we've got your back!
in a world of constant change, learning to choose the right tool vendor is critical.

“for more than 2 decades, software fx has been the leading provider of data visualization and business intelligence tools for developers creating desktop and server based applications in any platform. our award winning components provide developers the most advanced data visualization and business intelligence features with minimal integration efforts, the versatility of cross-platform availability and the reliability you've come to expect from our brand.”
learn more

chart fx
grid fx
jchartfx
stockdio
powergadgets
chart fx for sharepoint 







our products provide the most advanced features for developers focused on business intelligence.

























 
easy to code and integrate
software fx products provide developers advanced data visualization and analysis features with minimal integration effort. helpful tools like the wizards, tutorial and samples resource and a programmer's guide will assist you in creating visually impressive data visualization
                solutions with little time invested.



 
enhanced user interface
our products provide end-user tool customization through intuitive menus, dialogs and toolbars. through their enhanced interface, users can export the charts to a variety of formats, as well as store changes to a particular chart for future
                sessions, maximizing the usability and readability of your application's charts at the end-user level.



 
customer service & support
we strive to provide the best possible service and product support for our customers. our support site offers online access to our extensive library of knowledgebase articles, samples and product documentation: all free of charge and available 24/7. and with a studio fx premium subscription you get personalized support whenever you need it.





 
visual attributes
with over 20 different chart types, customizable legends, ready-to-use color palettes, multiple and customizable axes, per-marker attributes, gridlines, background images, border objects and a myriad of gadget types, our products allow you to create some of the most
                visually appealing dashboards in just minutes.



 
data analysis
our components place an impressive array of data analysis tools at your disposal, providing tools such as olap, highlighting, statistical analysis, axis sections, conditional attributes and more.



 
data population
our products support a vast variety of data population methods, including, passing data directly through the api, resultset binding, xml files, collections, arrays, arrays of arrays, text files and crosstab.





 learn more about our products 






stockdio is the fastest visual tool for web and mobile to create, embed and track worldwide market exchange data from the cloud.

get started with a free account





follow software fx and subscribe to the latest news and additions.





stockdio. visual market exchange data as a service! 
 
forget about complex software installations, server deployments and tedious coding, with stockdio you can integrate powerful financial charts and stock market analytics in your web and mobile applications in a matter of minutes. read more





software fx recognized as industry leader
 
software fx has been awarded again with the top 50 publisher award and studio fx premium subscription with the top 100 product award at the componentsource awards 2016-2017. read more





softwarefx awarded by the reader's choice awards
 
software fx has been recognized by visual studio magazine. chart fx and grid fx have been prized at the 22nd annual reader’s choice awards 2015 in the categories of chart, gauge, graph and flow 
and grid and spreadsheet respectively. read more





welcome chart fx 8 maps to the chart fx family!
 
the new version of chart fx maps is not only capable of displaying colors associated with data in your maps but allows geo-positioning of tags, additional visual layers as well as a powerful rendering engine for greater versatility. read more





jchartfx plus introduces pictographs with version 7.4
 
the latest version of jchartfx plus introduces pictograph and pictobar controls, enhanced tooltip capabilities, new tooltip designs and improved automatic handling of large datasets in line, curve and area charts. read more





jchartfx plus introduces interactive ui with version 7.3
 
among the great new features packed into the new jchartfx plus version 7.3 is an interactive ui that allows end users to customize their chart to their preferred data visualization settings. read more 





powergadgets 2.0 - dashboard and monitoring tool for it administrators who don't write code.new
 
create beautiful dashboards and visualize data in just a few clicks with the new powergadgets 2.0. no coding involved! now available for both mobile and desktop environments. read more 





chart fx 7 for com is now available.
 
chart fx 7 for com brings the latest data visualization and analysis features to asp developers, allowing them to present complex data sets in the form of beautiful, professional and easy to read charts and graphs. read more 





announcing chart fx 8 for java server.
 
the latest version of our award-winning data visualization and business intelligence component is now available for java. with chart fx 8 for java server you'll gain all the power of chart fx in both netbeans and all eclipse-based ides. read more 





a completely redesigned maps marketplace.
 
the new version of chart fx maps is not only capable of displaying colors associated with data in your maps but allows geo-positioning of tags, additional visual layers as well as a powerful rendering engine for greater versatility. read more 





jchartfx plus fully packed and released.
 
jchartfx plus includes all the free features of jchartfx and additional gallery types, advanced business intelligence features and dashboarding capabilities for your web or mobile apps. it includes advanced charts, trends and gauges. read more 





the chart fx 8 service pack is here!
 
the optional chart fx 8 mvc library contains a few methods that when called at the right place will include all the styles, scripts and routes necessary. all automatically and with minimal input from the developer. read more 





chart fx for sharepoint. a new star is born!
 
chart fx for sharepoint is an exciting new family of data web parts for sharepoint that allows users to integrate advanced data visualization and analysis functionality within their sharepoint sites, easily customizable and configured in minutes. read more 





chart fx 8 – the new chart fx better than ever.
 
the new generation of chart fx 8 products are smarter than ever! with emphasis on data analytics, chart fx 8 brings your web and desktop applications to a whole new level. read more 





truly native! chart fx for ios is now available.
 
chart fx for ios is the newest addition to the award-winning chart fx family of products. it provides the familiar set of features and powerful functionality you’ve come to expect from chart fx, completely optimized for ios development. read more 










  

the complete chart fx collection within your reach.
the studio fx subscription offers unprecedented access to our entire line of data visualization products for developers, including .net, java, com, sharepoint and mobility for one low price.
 learn more 





awards and accolades




   
   
   




   
   
   




   
   
   






these fortune 500 already use and trust software fx



american airlines
allstate
america online
boeing
cisco
citi
exxon mobile
gm
ge capital
hp
ibm
microsoft
motorola
oracle
panasonic
pepsi
prudential
rockwell automation
samsung
td ameritrade
toyota
united states postal service
ups
united states air force
volvo
volskwagen
xerox











    



contact us today sales@softwarefx.com 















products





 
development
 
visual studio
 
java
 
html5 | javascript
 
com
 
wpf 
 
powershell
 
sql server
 
 
mobile
 
ios
 
android
 
windows mobile
 
citrix
 
 
sharepoint
 
chart fx for sharepoint

saas

 
stockdio





the complete chart fx collection 
                            within your reach.
subscribe today! 
  



developmentmobile sharepoint 



downloads




resources


 online demos
virtual trials
online gallery 



order



price list
promotions
buy online
how to order
offices and resellers




support



support site
community
personalized support




contact

















products
downloads
resources
order
support
corporate 





privacy statement
terms of use
sitemap
site feedback
contact us 





  

  
  
   


  

the complete chart fx collection within your reach.


 chart fx grid fx
jchartfx
powergadgets
chart fx for sharepoint









©2017 software fx, inc. all rights reserved.
chart fx, grid fx & powergadgets are registered trademarks of software fx, inc.
citrix® and citrix xenapp™ are trademarks and registered trademarks of citrix systems, inc.
all other names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners. java and all java-based marks are trademarks or registered trademarks of sun microsystems, inc. in the u.s. and other countries.










