



















tcu mary couts burnett library





























skip to main content




skip header navigation







hours: 11am - 12am 
reserve a study room





library home page






frogscholar
catalog
advanced search
databases
research guides
libanswers / faq





your library, from a single starting point.












search


find journal articles, books, video, music and more.
more information.




















search









find articles and other information.



browse databases by title:
a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z
0-9



browse by subject/topic:


-- choose a subject/topic --
accounting & financeanesthesiaanthropologyart & designart educationart historybiologybusiness information systemschemistry & biochemistrycitation toolscommunication sciences & disorderscommunication studiescompany & industrycomparative race and ethnic studiescomputer sciencecountriescriminal justicedancedo-it-yourselfeconomicseducationengineeringenglish literature and compositionenvironmental sciencefashion merchandisingfilm, tv & digital mediagenealogygeneral researchgeographygeologygovernment informationgraphic & design studiesgraphic designhealth & wellnesshealth scienceshistoryhistory, africahistory, asiahistory, europehistory, latin americahistory, middle easthistory, north americahuman-animal relationshipsinterior designjournalismjust for funkinesiologylatin american studieslaw / legal informationlibrary basicsmanagementmarketing & advertisingmathematicsmedicinemilitary sciencemodern language studiesmultidisciplinarymusicnursingnutritional sciencesphilosophyphysics & astronomypolitical sciencepsychologyranch managementreferencereligionscholarly communicationsocial worksociologyspanish & hispanic studiesstrategic communicationstudio artsupply chain managementtheatrewomen and gender studies


go






browse by type:


-- choose a type --
articles - full textaudiobiographiescitation toolsdata / statisticsdirectoriese-booksencyclopedias / dictionariesgovernment informationimagesindex / abstractnewspapersopen accessprimary sourcespro / conreferencetest preparationvideo


go





search database titles and descriptions:






browse or search librarian-created guides.



browse research guides by subject/topic:





search research guides:






research assistance, subject guides and useful resources compiled by your friendly librarians at tcu


got a question about the library?






this search box finds answers to common questions about the library.if you don't find your answer here, you can browse all the library faqs or ask a librarian.
		  








quick links

library website index
group study room reservations
renew books / my account
ejournals and ebooks
citation tools
building maps, locations and directions
course reserves
computers available in the library labs





services

about the library
students
faculty / staff
alumni, visitors, and texshare
friends of the tcu library
clark society
interlibrary loan and document delivery
research assistance





facilities

fab lab
giga lab
group study room faqs
information commons computer lab
media editing rooms
screening room
how to access the training room





ask a librarian


via email
by phone or with a text
via our faq
find your subject librarian
















burnett school of medicine library
digital repository
government information
music/media library
special collections








library news and events






tcu library 101
learn what the tcu library can do for you.
watch the video on youtube



tcu library transitions to new system: what you need to know

on wednesday, june 26, 2024, the tcu library is transitioning to a new integrated library system – a one-stop, more efficient system, allowing you to access all library materials in one place. the most notable enhancement will be to frogscholar which will now feature an all-inclusive search function, in lieu of the separate discovery and library catalog functions we’ve utilized previously. this new system is more streamlined and easier to navigate.
how does this work?
frogscholar provides simple, one-stop searching for books and e-books, videos, articles, digital media and more. frogscholar also helps you manage your research. simply sign-in to:
renew books and videos
						create favorites lists
						export citations to refworks and endnote web
						view full search results (some databases only show results when you're signed in)
					
if you have any questions or issues with the new system, contact the reference desk by phone at 817-257-7117 or chat with a librarian
we’re excited about this change as it will benefit all library users.





you’re invited to an unforgettable evening
join us for a cocktail reception, delicious dinner and repartee with remarkable women who contribute to education, culture and business in north texas and beyond as we celebrate 100 years of the mary couts burnett library at tcu. through your participation, you help us further improve the academic success of our students and meet the needs of our frog family for another 100 years!
please join us. it’s the one time you don’t have to be quiet in the library!







tcu authors can make their journal articles freely available to the world
the tcu library is excited to announce it has signed several innovative transformative agreements with scholarly publishers: wiley, institute of physics and company of biologists.
these agreements expand the reach and influence of our research and creative scholarship, and increases equity by reducing barriers for readers worldwide to access tcu's scholarship. they allow our tcu authors to make their journal articles freely available to the world.
the transformative agreements are year-to-year and could change for 2024.
for the specifics of which journals are included and other details of the agreements with these publishers, visit https://libguides.tcu.edu/transformative-agreements



tcu library building update

on august 19, the first day of fall classes, the west  side of the library, facing university drive, will reopen after being closed this summer for extensive electrical and heating, ventilation and air conditioning (hvac) system renovation.
the majority of the west side will look the same, but hopefully our users will experience better temperatures in the building. the one area to receive significant upgrades is the  third floor, which  looks very polished with brand new flooring, ceiling tile and lighting. the third floor was in much need of a facelift from the aftermath of winter storm uri 2021. dean hull is pleased with the third-floor updates noting that “it makes the floor brighter and more cheerful. it’s a place i’d want to seek out to study.”
with the fall semester beginning, we are excited to have students back in the library.















upcoming events







research experts
not sure where to start? need a little help digging up that citation? can't find what you're looking for?ask one of our research librarians for help!








 john  humphrey
head of reference & instruction
								phone: 5430
								email: john.humphrey@tcu.edu

research librarian for: 












 ammie e. harrison
humanities and theatre research librarian
								phone: 5338
								email: a.harrison@tcu.edu

research librarian for: 
english literature and composition, film, television, and digital media, modern language studies, spanish & hispanic studies, theatre, women and gender studies












 laura  ruede
dance research librarian /  van cliburn archivist
								phone: 7774
								email: l.ruede@tcu.edu

research librarian for: 
dance







find your research librarian




mission statement
our mission is organizing and providing access to quality information resources that inspire curiosity, creativity, and innovation throughout the tcu community, while offering exceptional service and surroundings that nurture our students.
tcu library's core values and strategies.



mary couts burnett library
					texas christian university
					tcu box 298400
					fort worth, tx 76129
					phone: +1 817.257.7117


 facebook
 instagram
 twitter
 youtube


make a gift
accessibility
staff directory
privacy




all content © texas christian university. all rights reserved.










