





cathy o'dowd: mountain climber, motivational speaker, author





















































skip to content
















  


search for:








homespeakingthink like an explorerreaching new heightsclient testimonialsspeaking videosfor meeting plannersnewsadventureseverestmountaineeringski touringrock climbingbookaboutcontacthomespeakingthink like an explorerreaching new heightsclient testimonialsspeaking videosfor meeting plannersnewsadventureseverestmountaineeringski touringrock climbingbookaboutcontact 









search for:

















loading...




















homepär lindholm2024-12-20t11:45:40+01:00 
think like an explorerleading teams in unpredictable times
cathy’s most popular presentationclimber • speaker • authorthe first woman in the world to climb mount everest from both sidesthink like an explorerleading teams in unpredictable times
cathy’s most popular presentationclimber • speaker
authorthe first woman in the world to climb mount everest from both sidesclimber • speaker
authorthe first woman in the world to climb mount everest from both sidesthink like an explorerleading teams in unpredictable times
cathy’s most popular presentationwhat is coming up for 2025? 
being close to home in the pyrenees means ski touring. looking forward, i have a trip  to new zealand south island, a wonderful adventure mix of sea kayaking, caving and canyoning. spring will bring ski touring in the alps, sea kayaking in turkey and canyoning in the balkans. towards the end of the year i have a private trip down the grand canyon.
there is still plenty of space on the calendar for the serendipitous adventure, planned at short notice. and to accept speaking engagements, virtual and in-person. my first talk of 2025 – a new country to add to the 47 where i have already given paid speeches. heading to mauritius!
– cathy
exploring the canyons of the world! 
i’m just back from a brilliant trip to utah, exploring the canyons of zion national park, escalante and capitol reef. definitely a place to go back to!
now i’m busy with the final planning for two weeks canyoning in ticino in switzerland, the most famous concentration of canyons in europe. from there i will be heading north with my car and my sea kayak, for a week paddling along the west coast of sweden, followed by several weeks exploring the fjords of southern norway.
– cathy
latest postcathy o'dowd2023-06-13t19:15:48+02:00ski mountaineering in kyrgyzstan from 16 march to 6 april 2022 i joined two friends in exploring the terskey ala-too, a mountain range in the tian shan mountains in kyrgyzstan. it stretches south and southeast of lake issyk-kul, with the highest peak being pic karakol (5,216 m). what we found was very different from what we had planned. and included some of the riskiest avalanche terrain i have ever skied! but it also included some breathtaking powder descents. [...]recent & upcoming medialatest postcathy o'dowd2023-06-13t19:15:48+02:00ski mountaineering in kyrgyzstan from 16 march to 6 april 2022 i joined two friends in exploring the terskey ala-too, a mountain range in the tian shan mountains in kyrgyzstan. it stretches south and [...]recent & upcoming media





harwoods hole and stralight cave, in south island 


 





the last tour of our mini-trip to the ecrins. beau


 





avalanche level 4 above 2400m in the ecrins but it


 





we’ve headed over to the ecrins to find some sno


 





come and do a dry canyon, i said. oops. 😅
that 


 





appreciating the fog in catalonia, lovely to look 


 





skimo at arcalis. the snow is dreadful so going up






roca narieda via ferrata.



 





 follow cathy on instagram for daily news










 
 





let’s work together

mobile: +376 351 871
email: cathy@cathyodowd.com

 

follow the adventure









 


latest news and views


ski mountaineering in kyrgyzstan


access all areas


circumnavigating menora in sea kayaks


 

 
 
 





		this site uses recaptcha v3, which is subject to the google privacy policy and terms of use.  
copyright 2000 - 2020 cathy o'dowd | all rights reserved	

 
 
 
 


 
 



page load link





















go to top






