








south carolina native plant society


































































who we areour missionour chaptersgrand strandlowcountrymidlandspiedmontsavannah riversouth coastupstateour boardwhat we doprotectrestorekingsburg baylisa matthews memorial baythe rocky shoals spider lily preserve at parks millinvasive plant controlplant saleseducatefield tripslecturessymposiumscertificate in native plant studiescullowhee native plant conferencewhat is a native plant?sc plant directorysc native plant listrare, threatened and endangered plant speciesnative plants nearbywhy native plants at homeresourcesarticlesbook recommendationsfinding inspirationgetting startedhabitat lossinvasive plant speciespartner organizationspast scnps newslettersplant propagationsc ecoregionssc native plant nurseriesthe upstate native nurserynewsshopcalendarsubscribedonatemembershiplogin 





skip to content




news
shop
calendar
subscribe
donate
membership

renew your membership


login
 


search for:








who we are

our mission
our chapters

grand strand
lowcountry
midlands
piedmont
savannah river
south coast
upstate


our board


what we do

protect
restore

kingsburg bay
lisa matthews memorial bay
the rocky shoals spider lily preserve at parks mill
invasive plant control
plant sales


educate

field trips
lectures
symposiums
cullowhee native plant conference
certificate in native plant studies




what is a native plant?

sc plant directory
sc native plant list
rare, threatened and endangered plant species
native plants nearby
why native plants at home


resources

articles
book recommendations
finding inspiration
getting started
habitat loss
invasive plant species
partner organizations
past scnps newsletters
plant propagation
sc ecoregions
sc native plant nurseries
the upstate native nursery


 







find your local chapter






become a member






support our work







working to protect and restore native plants, and educate communities across south carolina

membership
donate
receive email updates



the south carolina native plant society (scnps) is a community of nature lovers, hikers, gardeners, environmental advocates, students, educators, photographers, land managers, botanists, naturalists, and others representing many different talents, interests and backgrounds.
we have banded together to protect native plant communities that are threatened, restore those that have been decimated or destroyed, and educate ourselves and others about…

the importance of native plants
where to find them in nature
how to add them to our gardens
and how to fully appreciate the essential role native plants play in sustaining our ecosystems, and, by extension, us.













protection
news
upstate
environmental leaders celebrate ordinance success








restoration
home invasion - the war that begins in your yard








education
yards as habitats







how you can help





monarch butterfly feeds on a native purple coneflower (echinacea purpurea). credit: david wagner





protect

advocate for native and pollinator plantings in public spaces such as parks, near public buildings, and even in roadway medians.
support local preservation efforts and organizations such as land trusts that help keep plant and animal communities intact.
advocate for protection of sensitive lands and habitats in your community, your state, and the nation.
press for legislation and financial support for native plants and eradication of invasives
report infestations of invasives on public land to the appropriate authority, such as a park ranger or preserve manager, or document them through the wild spotter app.
donate to scnps advocacy efforts. donations can be recurring, one-time, legacy, or endowments.








canby's dropwort (oxypolis canbyi). credit: lisa lord





restore

convert your home landscape to include more native plants and eradicate invasives.
participate in plant rescue efforts or invasive species removal projects
avoiding buying plants that are rare, threatened, or endangered as it is very difficult to ensure that they have been cultivated and not poached.
volunteer at your local scnps native plant sale, to help bring more native plants to your community.
do not collect plants from the wild, public parks, or preserves unless you are sure they are abundant and you are sure you have permission.
do not dispose of exotic potted plants or aquarium waste in your backyard or local waterways, where they can find a way to spread.
clean clothes, boots, equipment, and especially boats before traveling away from an infested area to prevent the spread of invasives to new areas.








oconee bell (shortia galacifolia). credit: visitoconeesc.com





educate

if you see non-native plants being planted or sold in a commercial nursery or big box store, explain the damage invasive plants can do.
participate in scnps field trips to learn more about the native and invasive plants in your area
attend scnps chapter meetings and lectures to hear about topics like gardening for wildlife, sustainable landscaping, academic research, and much more.
join scnps symposiums to meet other members, enjoy top-notch speakers, attend workshops, and explore regional special places.
share what you’ve learned about native plants with your friends and family.











contact
subscribe
membership
donate

©2025 south carolina native plant society
the south carolina native plant society is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization working to preserve and restore native plants and educate our communities. your contributions are tax deductible.
web design by sandlapper





























