

pressing the flesh
























monday, april 27, 2009

politico 44 president's calendar



	posted by fleshpresser at 2:41 pm / 

	
	 






wednesday, april 15, 2009

methinks i smell a hypocrite!
governor rick perry is talking about texas seceding from the union, because he doesn't like the ways things are going in "his" country.there was a time not too long ago, when the roles were reversed - democrats who voiced opposition to the bush administration were labeled as traitors, and were told to "love it or leave it."and while i won't stoop to the same level, i will say this - your.  party.  lost.  of course, there are going to be things that happen in this country that you don't agree with - and that's ok.  but you don't get to change the rules all of a sudden and say that the current administration is suddenly "unconstitutional" after watching the travesty of constitutional treatment over the last eight years.so, if you don't like being in the minority... well, get used to it.  and if you can't get used to it, maybe you'd prefer to take an "extended vacation" to another location until things are more to your liking.that'll just leave more of austin for me to enjoy.


	posted by fleshpresser at 9:44 pm / 

	
	 






wednesday, march 25, 2009

my first iphone posting!
boo!in an effort to once again rekindle the flame of my love affair with ptf, and with all of you, i've decided to try posting via my new passion, my iphone!this is really just a test posting, but if it works, expect a lot more where this came from!fleshpresser


	posted by fleshpresser at 10:56 pm / 

	
	 






tuesday, november 04, 2008

history in the making
regardless of your affiliation, history will be made today! get out and vote!!!labels: 2008, blog the vote, democrat, election, election results, history, mccain, nbc, obama, white house


	posted by fleshpresser at 8:52 am / 

	
	 






thursday, october 02, 2008

don't vote...
... but if you're hell bent on it, and you're not registered, you better do it fast.  there's only another couple of days left to register, and there are a million different ways to do it.or... just don't vote.


	posted by fleshpresser at 12:23 pm / 

	
	 







after you register, it's time to invest...
no time like the present for advice on a new investment firm... right?


	posted by fleshpresser at 9:50 am / 

	
	 






thursday, september 04, 2008

a slice of hypocrisy...
this is just a small sampling of the type of hypocrisy i was commenting about earlier, deliciously served up by jon stewart:couldn't have said it better!labels: 2008, blog the vote, election, gop, karl rove, mccain, palin


	posted by fleshpresser at 12:45 pm / 

	
	 






monday, september 01, 2008

baby bump in the road...
whoops!over the last week, rumors resurfaced about gop vice presidential candidate sarah palin and her fifth child, trig.  the essential story is that sarah palin claimed the child as her own to protect her daughter, bristol, who actually had the child.while various blogs have been flurrying about trying to get to the bottom of the story, yet another story was actually substantiated today by the palin family - that 17-year-old bristol is actually five months pregnant going into the gop convention.according to the family statement, sarah palin asked the media to respect her family's privacy during this difficult time.there's one tiny problem in this... barring a hurricane battering the gulf coast right now, the eyes of just about every media outlet in america is focused, at least in part, on st. paul and the republican convention.  not exactly a convenient time to ask for the media to respect one's privacy.which leads me to several questions... maybe you have some answers for me?* who was the brain trust in the mccain campaign that thought, during the vetting process, that this was going to be ok?  sarah palin is already under investigation in her home state, there are rumors that had been flying around alaska for quite a while now about sarah palin actually being a grandmother rather than a mother to her fifth child, and her daughter, bristol, is five months pregnant.  now let's forget all of the moral high ground that republicans love to stand on and just look at this pragmatically.  anyone who believes, given the current political climate with the bush administration, that the mccain campaign was going to be an easy one needs to simply put down the pipe.  this was never going to be an easy campaign for mccain.  so, in vetting potential candidates, why on earth would anyone suggest to mccain that choosing palin was a good idea?i'm mature enough to understand political realities - though i thought john edwards was a dream veep for obama (and whether you agree or not is a different story), i knew that as soon as the story came out about him cheating on his wife, that dream was gone... regardless of how wonderful a candidate he might have been.  and this is not to say that i agree with that particular political reality, but i'm astute enough to recognize it.so, how could people who are paid to do this for a living think for a moment that this would just be water under the bridge that no one would care about?and while we're talking about people not caring...* in how many ways can one call people like james dobson, tony perkins, and other christian conservative leaders hypocrites???  look, i know that sarah palin isn't the one who is pregnant out of wedlock.  i know that these types of things happen to liberal families and conservative families and strong families and trainwreck families - mistakes are made all the time across this country.  but when the religious right holds up this family as an example and thinks it'll actually humanize the candidate... well, again i'll simply say "put. down. the. pipe."my outrage (right now, anyway) isn't with bristol palin.  and it isn't with sarah palin as her parent.  it's with the republicans who suddently forget that they were the firm advocates of such failed policies as abstinence-only sex education, and yet jump up and down, voicing praise for the palin family because they can make lemonade out of a bad decision?  does anyone remember what people like perkins and dobson have said about children having sex out of wedlock in this country?!?between these stories and the hurricane upstaging the convention, the republicans have got to be thinking twice about the adage that kharma is a bitch.labels: 2008, blog the vote, election, gop, mcbush, mccain, palin, white house


	posted by fleshpresser at 9:09 pm / 

	
	 




















 




 

 

fleshpresser
allentown, pennsylvania, united states

view my complete profile.
pressingtheflesh@aol.com





 
blog advertising is good for you






politico 44 president's calendar
methinks i smell a hypocrite!
my first iphone posting!
history in the making
don't vote...
after you register, it's time to invest...
a slice of hypocrisy...
baby bump in the road...
eight is enough
mcbush





crooks and liars
impeach bush coalition
americablog
radio allegro
american moderate party
today's front pages
wonkette
blue gal
media matters
the smirking cynic
talking points memo
politics tv






conservatives for american values
colbert nation
landover baptist church
mrs. betty bowers






sponsor fleshpresser's 2006 running season
funkopolis
philly future
rocketboom
queering the apparatus
pyreflies over zanarkand
gaping void
attytood
modern fabulosity






town called dobson
brad's brain
olio
the left end of the dial

willing to join the coalition?
















february 2005

march 2005

april 2005

may 2005

july 2005

august 2005

september 2005

december 2005

january 2006

february 2006

march 2006

april 2006

may 2006

june 2006

july 2006

august 2006

september 2006

october 2006

november 2006

december 2006

january 2007

february 2007

march 2007

april 2007

may 2007

june 2007

july 2007

august 2007

october 2007

december 2007

january 2008

february 2008

march 2008

april 2008

june 2008

july 2008

august 2008

september 2008

october 2008

november 2008

march 2009

april 2009





















please vote for pressing the flesh! click on the top 100 icon above!  please?!?

this work is licensed under a creative commons license.

subscribe to pressing the flesh
















  
template by:lunastone
powered by: blogger
imgs hosted by: photobucket




