










home - bossier chamber of commerce





















































 
 














 




skip to content























menu 
what we do advocacy business and workforce development community sustainability cdi central in louisiana military relations about military community champions military community champions & discountsmembership membership benefits membership application member directory marketing opportunities member news and blog member loginevents calendar annual eventswho we are the chamber board of directors diplomats staff bossier innovates foundation bossier city / parishjob board










































 

























welcome to the 






 bossier chamber of commerce






an investment in the bossier chamber of commerce is an investment in strengthening the business community and climate of bossier and northwest louisiana.









member login











join now!





















connecting businesses in bossier-shreveport and northwest louisiana through education, opportunity, advocacy and partnerships.

















what we do
since 1947, the bossier chamber of commerce has proudly served as an integral part of what makes our community a great place to live, work and play.
what does a chamber do? the bossier chamber of commerce is a private, non-profit organization whose purpose is to promote growth and development within the communities of bossier and caddo parish. the chamber promotes growth and development by utilizing its most valuable resource, its membership.
we are a business network and membership organization comprised of over 800 members, across seven states in 30 cities, and represent 60,000 employees throughout the region.












					directory				








					events				








					news				








					join				

















upcoming events 
 






























 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 




















staff


























lisa johnson
president/ceo
email



















jessica hemingway
pced, vice president
email


















jana morgan
director of programs & fundraising
email


















maxey mcswain
director of marketing and communications
email


















engage with your 






















 
annual meetingjoin us for the largest networking event in northwest louisiana on february 11, 2025.


register today!


 


 
women's conferencebloom where you are planted! we're hosting our first ever women's leadership conference.


see more here


 












 












© 2025 bossier chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone




































connect













710 benton road bossier city, la 71111 














(318) 746-0252 














info@bossierchamber.com 










facebook





twitter





linkedin





youtube





instagram











resources






www.bebossier.com
 www.movetobossier.com
 www.nwlamilitarysupport.org







member login


















 © 2025 bossier chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top

















