

 





welcome to congregation netivot shalom in berkeley








































































search



































about

mission and history
rabbi chai levy
staff
board of directors
committee chairs
past rabbis
shul bylaws


calendar
learning

learning at cns
mishpacha program (families with children 0-5)
preschool
amitim (b’mitzvah)
teens

teen social justice program


midrasha
adult ed
audio guide for davening
how to have an aliyah video
torah trope for yamin nora’im


resources

cns community resources
shabbat mornings
kashrut policy
preparing kiddush
kosher caterers / bakeries
drashot
guide to objects


lifecycle

jewish life events
brit and naming
marriage
converting to judaism
death and mourning
memorial book
yizkor book 5781


get involved

becoming a member
renew your membership
ongoing programs and events
committees & initiatives
social action


donate
blog
my account


















							click here for upcoming events						












					children / youth programming				








					get involved				








members: click here to renew your membership.
non-members: click here to join netivot shalom.
click here to make your yom kippur pledge.
 


welcome to our shul
netivot shalom invites you to engage in a cross-generational discovery of jewish inspiration and purpose.
our participatory egalitarian community is defined by the values of:

belonging – we nurture connectedness with each other, with the broader community, and with israel.
learning – we provide introductory and continuing encounters with jewish wisdom.
ritual – we strive to deepen personal engagement with the sacred.
justice – we embrace judaism’s call to repair the world through deeds of loving kindness and social action.



if you are interested in joining netivot shalom, click here. if you are currently a member and would like to renew your membership, click here.
if you have any questions about membership, please email ken schnur, executive director, at ken@netivotshalom.org.
netivot shalom began in 1989 and grew out of our founding members’ collective commitment to creating an egalitarian spiritual home for conservative/masorti jews. we are based in berkeley, california, and allied with the world of jewish community. we are members who are jewish and not, jews-by-choice, interfaith families, multiracial, multicultural, married, single, families and individuals, lgbtq, straight, old, and young. we explicitly recognize and cherish each other as teachers and students.







netivot shalom


congregation  netivot shalom


						1316 university ave, 
berkeley, ca 94702					



 

services morning minyan (zoom)
wednesday 7:15 am
shabbat mornings (hybrid in-person/zoom) saturday 10:00 am
click here for service info.

stay updated 
read our current covid protocols here
check out our calendar for upcoming events
email mia@netivotshalom.org to join our mailing list
come join our ongoing events and services


recent drashot


shabbat va’eira


january 25, 2025










shabbat vayigash


january 4, 2025










shabbat vayeshev


december 21, 2024










shabbat vayetze


december 7, 2024










shabbat chayei sarah


november 23, 2024








if you’ve suffered a death members who have experienced a death, please click here to reach the rabbi by e-mail or call (510) 992-3892 for assistance.

green certified 
netivot shalom is proud to be green certified.
 

shulcloudlogin to shulcloudreader’s choice favorite voted by j readers as a favorite provider of innovative programming in the east bay!

















 



 1316 university ave, berkeley, ca 94702
 (510) 549-9447


							copyright © 2025 congregation netivot shalom.						

















