





wedding car hire - chauffeur-driven wedding vehicles.




























































charismatic carsa fine collection of wedding carshome
about

links


cars

1937 rolls-royce 25/30 – albert
1939 rolls-royce wraith – victoria
1962 rolls-royce silver cloud ii – humphrey
1964 rolls-royce silver cloud iii – charles
1951 bentley saloon – leonard
1952 bentley mark vi – beatrice
1996 london fairway taxi – roy
photographer’s gallery

moritz schmittat photography
annabel farley photography


fees


reviews
advice
wedding fairs
film&tv
contact

enquiry form
fees
book your car
find us
terms & conditions
cookie policy


visit our facebook and twitter
facebooktwitter

wedding car hire
welcome to our new website
charismatic cars was established in 1982 and we currently have seven classic chauffeur-driven weddings cars available for hire. we believe we have one of the finest collections of wedding cars available in the area and we hope we can meet all your wedding transport needs. our rates start from £395 with no vat to pay. we cover large parts of berkshire, buckinghamshire, surrey, middlesex, oxfordshire, hampshire and west london.
​if you want to go straight to the cars please click here.
a selection of our cars are shown below – click on the above link to see all the wedding transport we have on offer.
            1952 bentley mark vi - winifred   1951 bentley saloon - leonard   1962 rolls-royce silver cloud ii - humphrey   1939 rolls-royce wraith – victoria   1964 rolls-royce silver cloud iii – charles   1952 bentley mark vi - walter       
this is our new website – launched on 18th december 2017. we hope that you enjoy browsing our site and find the perfect car for your wedding day. we like to think of this website as a good starting point – ultimately we strongly recommend that you come and see our vehicles – there is no substitute for seeing our wedding cars in the flesh. if you wish to book an appointment to view our cars please click on the following link: our contact page. alternatively you could come and meet us at a wedding fair – we attend a number of these throughout the year – for full details please visit our wedding fairs page. we would be delighted to see you at a wedding fair but please remember that we only take a few cars (usually 1 or 2) to these events.
the areas we covered vary for car to car, the older vehicles (1930s) are limited to around 25-mile radius and the “newer” cars (post wwii) to around 40 miles. with some vehicles we can travel further. also we can extend our range using transporters, etc. but this become very expensive!
charismatic cars © 2018copyright © 2021 · elegance theme on genesis framework · wordpress · log in



































this site uses cookies:  find out more.okay, thank you
