



massachusetts bay constables association - find a constable













































  







     






 menu    


 home 
 find a constable 
 member directory 
 about mbca

about us
membership application
resources


 contact us 
 member login  







close× call us +1 (781) 944-1191


close×


     


















								welcome
							

								to the
							


massachusetts bay constables association



								"dependable process serving in the new millennium"
							
 learn more 

 



constables offer


			  a range of services
			

many constables in massachusetts also serve as auctioneers, justices of the peace, notaries public, and offer 24-hour subpoena service.


			  read more
			
















								do you need a constable?
							



print the official constables directory. or quickly locate an active constable in massachusetts, using our search function. browse our current member directory, learn more about mbca, contact us, or visit our resources page.
							

								the massachusetts bay constables association (mbca) is a non-profit, educational, and civic-service organization.
							

								this web site is dedicated to providing information to the general public and legal communities in the greater massachusetts bay area and beyond.
							

								we strongly encourage you to review our organization's historical background, membership directory, and online resources. these and other topical sections include vast resources awaiting your visit.
							

								the massachusetts bay constables association, inc., (mbca) is a voluntary organization and offers its member directory solely as an aid in locating constables in massachusetts. mbca makes no representations, express or implied, as to the status, reliability, or performance of any individual constable listed in its member directory.
							






 find a constable 




										   quickly locate an active constable in massachusetts, using our search function






 member directory 




											browse our current member directory 





 about the mbca 




											learn more about mbca






 resources 




											visit our resources page









								services
							







								auctioneer
							

								do you need help with bankruptcies, foreclosures, repossessions, and auctions?
							









								notary
							

								a notary public acts as an impartial third-party witness to not only the signature of a document, but also that all parties who signed a document did so willingly and under their own free will.
							









								justice of the peace
							

								justices of the peace in the commonwealth of massachusetts are often called on to perform marriages.
							



















							services
						



find a constable
find by city
find by offered services
find by county






							members
						



 member login  member directory
member application (pdf)






							about
						



about us
mbca officers
history of mbca
constables in ma






							information
						



origins of police in ma
identification & badge format
special process server appointment
other resources











					copyright © 2018 massachusetts bay constables association 
				


  

call us: +1 (781) 944-1191 
				


         

					massachusetts bay constables association, inc.
					p.o. box 531 reading, ma 01867-0531 
				

  
































































