







broward county real estate, broward county homes, broward mls



















.





thinking
      of buying a home in broward county?

if you're considering buying a home in broward county
        and would like us to help you, simply fill out the broward county home search form. 
        using the information you provide, we'll search the mls
      and let you know which properties meet your preferences.  once we've set
      up your home search, we'll alert you whenever a new listing comes on the
      market.

whether you're relocating from outside of
      broward county, searching for your first home, buying a vacation condo,
      looking for a luxury waterfront home or simply need to find a pet-friendly
      condominium to buy, we can assist you.  if you have not yet taken the
      first important step of getting pre-qualified or pre-approved for a home
      loan, we can help with that, too.  be sure to check out the buyer's
      guide for resources to school information, mortgage payment
      calculators, home inspectors, etc.

of course, you can also search the broward
        county mls for listings of condos and homes for sale on your own and
      if you find one that suits your needs, let us know so we can set up a
      showing.  as our customer, when you find
        a property you're interested in, we can assist you
        throughout the transaction process, from finding just the right home to
      placing the offer and negotiating the sale price, to all of the details
      involved prior to closing day.

if you're looking to buy a broward
        county short sale home or a foreclosure property we can help you! 
      many good deals can be found if you are willing to be patient when buying
      a short sale. simply let us know
        your preferences in what you're looking for by completing our home
        wish list form and we'll search the mls for listings of homes, townhouses, condos throughout broward
        county that match your criteria.  our team stays up-to-date on
      broward county real estate market conditions and can help you find the
      best property for your money.






www.browardhomesforsale.com
your best source for broward
        county real estate

broward county. .
        .  
a great place to live!

location:   broward county is
        located in the heart of south florida and boasts the city of fort
        lauderdale, often referred to as the "venice of america," as
        its crown jewel.

employment: 
    several major employers have called broward county home for many years and we
        continue to attract more and new businesses every year.  among the
    county's largest employers are the school board of broward county, the
        fort lauderdale / hollywood international airport and the north broward
        hospital district.  the greater fort lauderdale area is also fast emerging 
        as a center for international commerce.

education: 
    broward county's public schools are fully accredited
        and we have the nation's fifth largest school district.  those interested in furthering
        their education past high school can pick
        from nova southeastern university, florida
        atlantic university and broward college among other colleges,
    universities and vocational schools.

quality
        of life:  broward county residents
    enjoy 23
        sun-drenched miles of coastline.  divers can even explore a living
        coral reef accessible from shore. outdoor enthusiasts can pick from the
        many parks & golf courses or go boating on the seemingly endless miles
        of waterways. there are many attractions and cultural places to pick
    from. 

shopping & dining:
        
from the chic shopping areas in downtown fort
        lauderdale to the large shopping malls, there's something for everyone. eateries of all types also
        abound and you’re likely to find one or more that fulfills what you're
        craving here in broward county.

things to see & do:
new to the area?  check out our comprehensive list of
        things
    to do in south florida including area attractions, museums, shopping and
        more.





are you
        considering selling your home?  to find out what your
      broward county condo, loft, villa, townhouse or home is
        worth in today's market please fill out our broward
      county property value form.  we'll do the research and present
        you with a free cma (comparative market analysis) based on how much
        properties similar to yours have been selling for in recent months.when
        you're ready to put your broward county home on the market, we utilize
        many methods to ensure maximum market exposure for
        your home so that it may sell in the least amount of time and for the
        best price possible.
as experienced broward
        county realtors, we know how to market homes in a professional
        manner so that your home is presented the best way possible on the mls
        and everywhere else.  take a look at our comprehensive home marketing
        plan and you'll see how we can make a difference when it comes time
        to list your condo, villa, townhouse or home for sale.
do you need to sell your house in order
        to move but find yourself upside down on your mortgage?  we take broward
        county short sale listings to help you avoid foreclosure.
want your home marketed professionally?  we know how to market your home to a global audience!  let
      us show you how we can make a difference when you're ready to sell.
newsletter: whether
        you're getting ready to buy or sell a property, subscribe to our complimentary real estate
        e-newsletter.  it's filled with useful and timely
      information for both homebuyers and property owners.






home  
  |   broward county mls  
  |   home wish list  
  |   broward county
  homes and condos   |   broward
  county property values   |   buyer
  guide   |   contact us

leanne
  paynter •
(954) 846-1600 •
united realty group, inc.




 broker-associate
  • e-pro certified realtor®
  • 
  graduate realtor institute 
member national
association of realtors (n.a.r.) •

member florida realtors •

member realtor association of greater fort lauderdale



copyright© 2002-2012 leanne paynter.  all rights reserved.  no portion of this web site, including graphics or text, may be reproduced
  in any manner without the prior written consent of the copyright holder. by using this site you agree to its terms of use 
  and privacy policy.
site disclaimer: all
  information contained herein is deemed reliable but cannot be guaranteed. to be certain, you should 
  independently verify. if in doubt, consult with an appropriate professional.



 coconut creek :: cooper city :: coral springs :: dania :: deerfield beach :: hallandale :: hillsboro beach :: hollywood florida :: lauderdale-by-the-sea :: lauderdale lakes :: lauderhill ::
 lighthouse point :: margate :: miramar :: north lauderdale :: oakland park :: parkland :: pembroke pines :: sunrise :: sea ranch lakes :: southwest ranches :: tamarac :: wilton manors






broward county property values :
plantation fl real estate :
weston florida real estate :
davie fl real estate :
 cooper city homes  :
fort lauderdale condos
pompano beach condos :
florida mls listings :
florida home values :
broward county property management :
south florida commercial real estate
northwest florida real estate  :
st. augustine real estate  :
jacksonville fl real estate  :
marco island real estate  :
vero beach real estate  :
melbourne fl real estate

  search the mls for parkland florida homes for sale in heron bay, cypress head, pine tree estates and parkland isles.
  want to experience "old florida"? a cedar key vacation is your answer!
  tips on how to prepare for a hurricane, find hurricane kit checklist.


this site includes broward county homes for sale as well as 
  broward county real estate including the communities of 
  plantation acres, sunshine ranches, heron bay, silverlakes, 
 chapel trail, pembroke falls, riviera isles, walnut creek, monarch lakes, embassy lakes, rock creek, forest ridge, shenandoah, residences of sawgrass mills and woodmont.




 



