ï»¿





.:welcome to chicagoultra.org















chicagoultra.org






spring and fall ultra marathons on chicago's lakefront








home 
race results
photo links
testimonials
contact
























chicago lakefront ultrasultramarathon races with a multi-decades rich history run semiannually every spring and fall along chicago's scenic lakefront!



current


the next in our series of semiannual races is scheduled for saturday march 29th, 2025 at our southside location. please join us for this sure to be epic ultra adventure!  review "race detail" and "registration" options by clicking into chicago lakefront ultras on runrace.net/clu.




returning for spring 2025

too early in the year for an ultramarathon? no problem, because in spring we offer additional distances of a half marathon, and a 20.7-mile buildup run. these two event distances provide an opportunity for all runners to build up early-season endurance, take in the lakefront scenery, and bask in the ultra-excitement of chicago lakefront ultras!




locations

for a variety in racing experiences, chicago lakefront ultras maintains two racecourse locations.
				northside location - foster avenue beach.start/finish area is near the foster avenue beach house, on the east side of lake shore drive:5200 n lake shore drivechicago, il  60640gps: 41.97716, -87.64757
southside location - jackson park.start/finish area is east side of lake shore drive, at southeast corner of the 63rd street beachhouse:6300e east hayes drivechicago, il  60649gps: 41.78156, -87.57374map: chicago lakefront ultras 50k - southside racecourse





spring start time

50 kilometer: 8:30 am (9-hour time limit)20.7-mile buildup run: 8:30 amhalf marathon: 9:00 am




fall start times

50 mile: 7:00 am (11-hour time limit)50 kilometer: 8:00 am (9-hour time limit)




early start option
by request only... early starts may be granted to those who are in need of extra time to finish their chosen event distance, prior to event cutoff limitations 
				
(does not apply to half marathon).
if you're in need of an early start you must contact us by wednesday, three days prior to race day at info@chicagoultra.org.
				be advised that early starters and runners that finish after 
				race time limitations may be recognized as finishers in race results, but 
				might not qualify for overall nor age group awards.



recognition for individual and course record 
				performances


if your intentions include attempting an official 
				usa track and field record, please contact us prior to registration. we request your pre-race notification 
				to ensure that all requirements are met, and you have every opportunity for success!




awards



buckles with race-dated lanyards for all 50-mile finishers.
medals with race-dated lanyards for all 50-kilometer finishers.
medals with race-dated lanyards for all half marathon finishers (spring only).
pint-glass awards in 10-year divisions for top male and female age group finishers (50m, 50k, half marathon).
very special recognition awards to top overall male and female finishers (50m, 50k, half marathon).





official race shirt

choice of size, gender-cut, fabric, sleeve-length guaranteed to all participants, who register prior to ten days in advance of race day!



aid stations



aid stations will be manned with volunteers and fully stocked with water, energy drinks, soda, and a variety of food items.
there will be a drop bag area at the start/finish 
					location for runners to access their own hydration, nutrition, and clothing needs.
runners are strongly encouraged to carry their own 
					bottles or hydration vest in order to eliminate one-use cup waste.





registration

online 
				race detail, registration, and who's registered at runrace.




				 

				 

				 

				 



packet pickup


				all packet pickup and runner check-in will take place onsite at our start/finish area. there is no option for packet pickup prior to race day.



more information

e-mail: 
				info@chicagoultra.org
				web: runrace.net/clu



volunteer information

please  sign up at chicago lakefront ultras on runrace.net/clu under the registration tab. thank you!







home |
		race results | 
		photo links 
		| testimonials 
		|contact






