


san diego area hash house harriers, california. a drinking club with a running problem





































home    
            hash contacts    
            links    
            haring guidelines    
            next hash    
            history    
            songs    
            mobile










kennels




san diego 
every other friday andevery other sunday


california larrikins 
every monday


iron rule 
every other friday


la jolla 
every monday


north county 
every saturdayat 10am sharp
             nch3 haring checklist

humpin 
every sunday, humpin time


the originalfull moon h3 
once, sometimes twice, a month






volleyball 



half-assed 
once a month



pub hash 
second tuesdayof the month


mission harriettes 
wednesday, once a month


family hash 
every other sundayopposite san diego hash



tijuana hashhouse harriers 
once a month, on saturdays


 







   



hashing in san diego









paying hash cash
                                many of the san diego kennels prefer run fees be paid via mobile apps; most accept the "cash app" or "paypal/venmo".
                                for details click  here.
                            



enter a run start
                                an "edit run" link should appear next to events one authored when viewing runstarts
                                from the same browser/device used to define one's run.  emails containing a link to edit run's are still sent out - but many people have reported
                                not receiving them, so it is suggested you copy the edit link after clicking the "add hash" button.
                                
                                apparently only a few people know how to create google map links for their runstarts.  if you need
                                to know how to generate the link for your runstart, click here




there is a listing of the basic hash songs available.






 
next 10 run starts  
            
              
            )
            --->
            
            



last updated: friday, 14-feb-2025  22:22:09 (pacifictime)
hashes today



 view map

san diego family hash 
            
                  sunday, february 16, 2025 10:00am

80% off valentines candy r*n!
hare(s): strawberry sprinkles forever, just kendra, just jeremy
                address: 7943 lincoln st lemon grove, ca 91945
            map link: https://maps.app.goo.gl/2szliy2nscni4fxe...run fee: adults $10, kids 5 and up $5, 4 and under freetrail type: a to adog friendly: nonotes:what says love better than deeep discounted chocolate?! save the date more details to come!
                








 view map

san diego family hash 
            
                  sunday, february 16, 2025 10:00am

80% off valentines candy r*n!
hare(s): strawberry sprinkles forever, just kendra, just jeremy
                address: 7943 lincoln st lemon grove, ca 91945
            map link: https://maps.app.goo.gl/2szliy2nscni4fxe...run fee: adults $10, kids 5 and up $5, 4 and under freetrail type: a to adog friendly: nonotes:what says love better than deeep discounted chocolate?! save the date more details to come!
                








 view map

volleyball hash 
            
                
                  sunday, february 16, 2025 11:00am

            1st of 2025!
hare(s): rump ranger & 99
                address: 2750 dewey rdsan diego, ca 92106united states
            directions: 11am-sunsetmap link: https://maps.app.goo.gl/tqcfinyq56fe2wro...run fee: $3trail type: a to adog friendly: yesnotes:volleyball at liberty station. we play across the street from the old soda and swine by the bathrooms. it's byob and chair.
                








 view map


humpin hash 
            
                
                  sunday, february 16, 2025 2:00pm

            won't you be my galentine?
hare(s): scar tissue, whore ratio
                address: sunset park5540 lake park way la mesa ca
            map link: https://maps.app.goo.gl/r8iigbz2i4elk6pd...run fee: 10trail type: a to adog friendly: yesnotes:pull out... your nicest dress, get your hair did, and cum celebrate this beautiful valentines weekend sunday (it's supposed to be 72-74â°)! there will be beer, there will be food, and maybe there will even be some deflowering on trail as well (who loves virgins? we do!). bring valentines to share after the trail, because nothing says 'i love you' like paw patrol stickers and heart shaped dicks... i mean suckers... whatever, both will be available for your mouths. just cum prepared to have fun!! trail's between 4 and 5 miles. dog friendly.
                








 view map

san diego family hash 
            
                  sunday, february 16, 2025 6:30pm

80% off valentines candy r*n!
hare(s): strawberry sprinkles forever, just kendra, just jeremy
                address: 7943 lincoln st lemon grove, ca 91945
            map link: https://maps.app.goo.gl/2szliy2nscni4fxe...run fee: adults $10, kids 5 and up $5, 4 and under freetrail type: a to adog friendly: nonotes:what says love better than deeep discounted chocolate?! save the date more details to come!
                





hashes tomorrow



 view map


la jolla hash 
            
                
                  monday, february 17, 2025 6:00pm

"rumpus on the campus run"  presidents day
hare(s): comes more often (linda) and just jeff
                address: 9600 n. torrey pines road, 92037
            directions: exit freeway 5 at la jolla village drive going west. drive 1.6 miles and turn right (east) onto exploration drive into ucsd. drive 1 block and turn left onto n. scholars drive. then take the first left turn into parking lot #303. park in the visitor (v) parking spots.map link: https://maps.app.goo.gl/3wys84o2o1slydnr...run fee: $8 or membershiptrail type: other (explain in notes)dog friendly: trail onlynotes:please note that parking rules in ucsd are not enforced on major holidays, including presidents day.this is an a to a, walk to b run. "b" is across n. torrey pines road in the blackhorse farms community. at the run start linda will hand out the pedestrian gate code to enter the complex. our house address 9747 claiborne square. arrows will be marked from "a" into the community and to our house. do not park in the community as you might get a ticket or towed. also, b vans are available to take your bags into  blackhorse.
                








 view map


larrikins hash 
            
                
                  monday, february 17, 2025 6:30pm

            bear crawl
hare(s): bear cosby
                address: little miss brewing 3514 adams avesan diego, ca  92116united states
            directions: little miss brewing in normal heights. pack should be obvious but check the back patio.map link: https://maps.app.goo.gl/sqgfx1v2a5o9z41l...thomas bros:
meow
run fee: $5trail type: a to adog friendly: yesnotes:bear crawlten years ago this day, a clueless muggle came to his first california larrikins hash. he'd been to a half-ass hash, he'd been to a pub hash. he had no idea what he was in for. with worn-flat shoes and too many extra pounds, this poor fool set out on a night he'd never forget, with a kennel that has yet to release him. he still carries the scars. now he'll do his best to recreate that trail. cheers! trail shoes and headlamps are highly recommended for this trail. there may or may not be a tunnel. dog friendly bar and trail.
                





hashes later this week



 view map


mission harriettes hash 
            
                  wednesday, february 19, 2025 6:30pm

            cuc is back in town!
hare(s): cuc up her
                address: 743 beacon dr san diego ca 922114
            directions: follow your gps and there is plenty of street parking up and down the hill.map link: https://www.google.com/maps/place/743+be...run fee: $10trail type: a to adog friendly: yesnotes:what's up lovely ladies and wanks?! i'm back in town for one month...so of course i volunteered to hare for mh3 one more time! we'll do a classic trail out of casa de cuc-aids in san diego (near lemon grove). tbd length (under 4), but will probably have a turkey/eagle split at some point and there will be food. bring your cranium lamps, good shoes and a love of pickles! if feb stays chilly, i will have chili ..or something like that haha guess you will have to come find out!  on-on <3 cuc!
                








 view map


full moon hash 
            
                
                  thursday, february 20, 2025 6:30pm

            traffic light party!
hare(s): octopussy
                address: aero club, 3365 india st, san diego, ca 92103https://aeroclubbar.com/
            map link: https://maps.app.goo.gl/ozw69ngvlijk1gzb...run fee: 5trail type: a to adog friendly: yesnotes:join us under the full'ish moon on thurs 2/20 for a "stop light party"! single & ready to mingle? wear green! in a closed relationship? wear red! in a situationship or "just browsing? you guessed it, ambiguous yellow! aero club has happy hour till 7pm, we've confirmed that there will be a food truck out back (outside food is welcome) and well behaved doggos are a-okay! your hare has some fun surprises for trail (maybe a specialty drink check?) so swing on thru! (swingers wear yellow, btw...)$5 run feebring a friend - hash virgins run for free!some shiggy3ish milesbring a headlamp***note event date changed due to rain on 2/12***
                








 view map


san diego hash 
            
                
                  sunday, february 23, 2025 10:00am

            44th anniversary agm
hare(s): prior gms
                address: 4831 sorrento valley blvd, san diego, 92121
            directions: los penasquitos canyon trailhead parking lot.map link: https://maps.app.goo.gl/kq5yqrz1cryfrnzx...run fee: $10 (cheap!)trail type: a to adog friendly: yesnotes:the prior gms have a great trail for you.  followed by circle with skits and the changing of the guard. cum welcome the new mis-management.check in for a cool giveaway!bring cash for the lowest prices of the year on haberdashery!
                






            the filter that you applied has hidden all events.
            
show all events




view last week's runs   
                    	view all runstarts

                     





   



events








hash business





            first timer'sbriefing


            san diegohash songs


            hareraiser'sentrance


            get a hareraiserpassword


            up cumminghare calendar




links




hash contacts
haring guidelines
sdh3 history
sdh3 hardcopy
hash cookbook
sd hash pubs
hash geneology

more details



travel links




socal hash links
world hash links
hash rego

half mind catalog
harrier central: web, 
                ios, or 
android






administration





get your hash a page on this server









hash contact information
    |
    links
    |
    change log
    |
    to-do list
    |
    privacy policy
    |
    suggestions
    |
    site map










