



barker central school district / home page




























































































skip to main content










district home



sign in
register


search our site















translate





user options






search

submit search














                                barker central school district
                            












district
"
welcome
school spirit days
spark incentive
student registration
summer recreation & summer band lessons
bcs 100th birthday celebration
headlines & features - stories to feel good about


superintendent
curriculum & professional learning/assistant principal
instructional services
the banner
barker alumni association
board of education
business office
policies
community education
district photo galleries
employment
facilities fee schedule
school resource officers (sro)
contact us
connect with us
title ix information
chain of communication



jr.-sr. high school
"
class of 2020
2020 barker sr. high school student art show virtual exhibit
grading process & credit during pandemic
mr. carter's page
steam
academy of finance
homecoming
course study plans
teacher pages
trail camera


welcome
jr.-sr. hs notifications
dr. love's page
headlines & features
bell schedule
daily announcements
clubs & activities
students of the month
washington, d.c. trip
working papers information
yearbook - latrator
student handbooks & codes of conduct
chain of communication



elementary school
"
parental input for student placement
dance class performance
earth day 2020 - 4th grade earth day video
may day 2020 - kindergarten may day video
3rd quarter grading process, 2020 coronavirus
mr. carter's page
kidwatch registration form
pratt elementary musical
bucket fillers of the month
raider report
teacher pages
3rd grade - mrs. dissek


welcome
elementary notifications
dr. love's page
headlines & features
hot off the pratt press
students of the month
school counselor
yearbook - latrator
student handbooks & codes of conduct
chain of communication



departments
"
health and wellness
school psychologist


welcome
cafeteria
guidance
health office
home school
music
special education
speech-language therapy
technology
transportation
music (instrumental) - mr. rappold
music (vocal/general) - mr. burke
music (instrumental) - mrs. johnson
chain of communication



athletics
"
2010 2011 sports stories
2009 2010 sports stories and stats
2008 2009 sports stories and stats
2007 2008 sports stories and stats


welcome
arbiter/family id
alumni athletes
athlete of the week
athletics announcements
archive
calendar
awards, records & champions
facilities fee schedule
headlines & features
rosters
schedules
sports stories
teams
chain of communication



capital project
"



capital project



strategic plan
"



strategic plan



class pages
"
instructional support specialist - mrs. thibault
2nd grade - mrs. zablocki
4th grade - mrs. evans
5th grade - mrs. donovan
5th & 6th grade - mrs. dabill
6th grade - mrs. costello
art - mrs. phillips
english - mr. scofill
foreign language - mrs. broderick
foreign language - mrs. stockwell
home & careers - mrs. schian
information technology - mr. costello
kindergarten - mrs. voutour
kindergarten - mrs. weller
library pratt elementary - mrs. morrow
library jr.-sr. high - mrs. morrow
math - mr. pyskaty
math - mrs. menz
prek - mrs. luckman
science - mrs. martell
science - ms. mcintyre
social studies - mr. daley
social studies - mr. o'sullivan
technology ed - mr. mallon
mr. gerstung
mrs. hambruch
mrs. luthart


class pages homepage
1st grade - mrs. nobles
2nd grade - mrs. nestoros
5th grade - mrs. mocarski
4th grade - mr. norris
art - miss feltz
english - mrs. dudek
math - mr. dersarkissian
science - mr. mucha
social studies - mr. jurewicz
chain of communication



resources
"
school safety resources
old parent resources - covid 19 channel


faq
parent & student resources
teacher/staff resources
bcs intranet
chain of communication



























important:  the capital project construction has begun in the old middle school loop. the doors to the building in front of the old middle school will be inaccessible. everyone should enter and exit the building using alternative entry doors. temporary walls have been put up to block all of the construction work zone and separate it from students, staff, and community members for their safety.  thank you for your patience as we continue to improve the school for all.




please note:  the new athletic turf is now open for use.   please note that community access to the facility is restricted to outside of regular school days (7:45 am-3:30pm) and also when the field is not being used for district athletics/events or other scheduled uses by registered entities. for more information on how to reserve the facility for team or other structured needs, please reach out to the district office at 716-795-3110.  please follow all field rules that are posted on signs near various gates throughout the facility.  we are proud of our new field and we hope everyone will enjoy it respectfully.


















































bcs announcements



expand all




barker bulldogs athletics broadcasts


barker bulldogs home athletic events are available on the nfhs network at the link provided. to view live-streamed events in the hs gym and on the stadium field, click the link.
 
we also have archived some of our sporting events on the barker csd broadcast network.





care closet update

please click on the link for 2024-2025 care closet information.





school building notices


keep up with notifications for both pratt elementary school & barker jr.-sr. high school by clicking on the link for the desired school.





district reopening plan

the barker central school district reopening plan documents are available at the following links:
reopening plan
translated copy of reopening plan























headlines & features











powerschool cybersecurity letter

read the letter for the latest information.

comments (-1)












jr.-sr. high school honor roll and merit roll recognition

barker jr.-sr. high school is pleased to announce students who received high honor, honor or merit roll recognition for the 2nd quarter of the 2024-2025 school year.

comments (-1)












jr.-sr. high school students of the month announced

high school students of the month for january posted.

comments (-1)












pratt elementary students of the month announced

view the latest students of the month recognition.

comments (-1)












connect life blood drive a huge success

next blood drive is wednesday, march 26th.

comments (-1)












donations a plenty

several food collections benefit many.

comments (-1)












barker central school tax bill information

tax bill information is available online through systems east, inc. please click on the headline title above for access and payment information.

comments (-1)







subscribe to rss feed - headlines & features 















upcoming events





today

mid-winter recess - no school





tomorrow

mid-winter recess - no school





wednesday

mid-winter recess - no school





thursday

mid-winter recess - no school





friday

mid-winter recess - no school





february 24, 2025

7:00 pm
budget advisory meeting





february 25, 2025

7:00 pm
varsity boys basketball @ section vi class c first round at higher seed





february 26, 2025

7:00 pm
varsity girls basketball @ section vi class c pre-quarterfinals at higher seed





february 27, 2025

9:30 am
varsity girls wrestling @ nysphsaa championships (mvp arena, albany)






7:00 pm
varsity boys basketball @ section vi class c pre-quarterfinals at higher seed





february 28, 2025

ncmea festival iii - elem. band, jr. hs chorus, sr. hs vocal jazz






9:00 am
varsity wrestling @ nysphsaa championships (mvp arena, albany)






7:00 pm
barker alumni basketball game






7:00 pm
varsity girls basketball @ section vi class c quarterfinals at higher seed





march 1, 2025

ncmea festival iii - elem. band, jr. hs chorus, sr. hs vocal jazz






varsity wrestling @ nysphsaa championships (mvp arena, albany)






12:00 pm
varsity boys basketball @ section vi class c quarterfinals at higher seed





march 2, 2025

1:00 pm - 4:00 pm
afs carnival





march 3, 2025

washington, d.c. trip - final payment due





march 4, 2025

varsity boys basketball @ section vi class c semifinals at jcc




view calendar














strategic plan



if you are having trouble viewing the document, you may  download the document.















faq website navigation



expand all




what letter day is it?

letter day calendars are available on the "what letter day is it?" page under the parent & student resources section.





how do i get to classlink?

you can access classlink by clicking on the link.





where are the cafeteria menus posted?

elementary and high school breakfast and lunch menus can be found on the cafeteria (menus) page under departments. click on the link to see what is currently available for school meals.





how do i login to my email?

students and instruction staff can access email by clicking on the classlink global icon on the homepage. you'll be prompted to login to the single sign on for the apps you have access to. office 365 will be what you'll select to get into your email.
everyone can use the bcs email/o365 portal link under the site shortcuts area on the homepage. scroll down from the top and look for site shortcuts along the left side of the page.





how do i login to frontline?

use classlink to login to frontline. once logged into classlink, click on the frontline icon to access the applications available to you, including absence management (formerly aesop) and professional growth.





how do i enter work orders and schedule events?

use servicenow to "report an issue" and "create incident" (work order) for technology.
use qware to "create a work order" for the cleaning and the maintenance service areas.
use qware to "create an event." remember to check the appropriate boxes in the additional information section if you have special requests for technology equipment, buildings & grounds equipment, and/or cafeteria services. if checking any of those boxes, please fill in the corresponding field for what is being requested. unlocking and locking of doors must also be entered in the additional information section.





how do i login to powerschool as teacher?

click on the teacher link to login to powerschool.





how do i login to powerschool as clerical?

click on the clerical link to login to powerschool.





how do i login to powerschool as substitute?

click on the substitute link to login to powerschool.





















site shortcuts


faq - website navigation

2024-2025 district safety plan

american rescue plan 

bcs district notices and policies

bcs email/o365 portal

cafeteria menus

chain of communication

community education

crisis links and support resources

facilities fee schedule

qware (cleaning & maintenance work order system/facility resource scheduler)

report child abuse and neglect/abuso y negligencia de ninos y jovenes:  call 1-800-342-3720 -or- click here/haga clic aqui

servicenow (technology work orders)

strategic plan/board goals

tax information search

the banner

















bcs news network













































students of the month







jr.-sr. high school






























pratt elementary





















visit us
1628 quaker road
barker, ny 14012

view map



get in touch
phone: 716-795-3832
fax: 

email us



important links


site map




stay connected








mission: we will provide a school environment that fosters respect, compassion, tolerance, and nurtures life-long learners who make meaningful contributions to society.



















questions or feedback? | 
web community manager privacy policy (updated) | 



copyright © 2025 finalsite - all rights reserved.































close






close





















