





 

board certified eye surgeons in south florida | eye institute







































































skip to content




850 s pine island road
suite a100
plantation, fl 33324
call 954-741-5555 


search for:









go to page ...about usour missionmeet the doctorsgil epstein, m.d., f.a.c.s.in the newsstuart k. burgess, m.d., f.a.c.s., f.a.s.r.s.keith a. skolnick, m.d.tirso mark lara, m.d.natalia villate, m.d., f.a.s.r.s.ilan j. epstein, m.d.luis e. fernández de castro, m.d.aliza epstein, m.d.lisa b. galluzzo, o.d.patricia diaz nagel, a.r.n.p.noel pereda, clinical research managercontact uslocationsmain office: contact usmain office:  appointment requestmain office:  physician referral formeast office: contact useast office: appointment requesteast office: physician referral forminside flei: photo galleryinternational patientsgood faith estimatejoin our teamcareersnotice of privacy practicesreviewsleave a reviewgoogle reviewsblog & videosophthalmology blogeducational videossurgery faq’s & infoeyelid surgery instructionsrequest appointmentgo to pagecataract lens implantsmonofocal lens implantspremium lens optionsmonovision with monofocal lens implantstoric lens implantsmultifocal lens implantscataract causes & symptomseye diseasesglaucomaopen–angle glaucomaclosed–angle glaucomaglaucoma treatmentdry eyedry eye symptomsdry eye treatmentoculoplasticswhat is oculofacial plastic surgery?cosmetic surgeryfunctional eyelid surgeryreconstructive surgeryorbital and lacrimalbefore and after: oculoplastic surgery resultsretina & researchclinical trialsretinal diseasesmacular degenerationdry amdmacular degeneration symptomsdiabetic retinopathystages of diabetic retinopathyflashes and floatersflashes & floaters symptomsretinal detachmentretinal detachment treatmentchorioretinitisvitaminsvision correctionconditionsastigmatism surgeryrefractive errorsproceduresadvanced surface ablationclear lens extractionlasik surgerysmall gauge vitrectomyforms & paymentpatient pre registrationreferring doctors formmedical records formsclinical trial information formmake a paymentwe accept carecreditupload your photos here
 







 








 




gil epstein, md, facs 
							dr. gil epstein was one of the founding partners of fort lauderdale eye institute in 1980.

he specializes in oculoplastics cosmetic and functional, orbit, lacrimal, and botox, with extensive experience in cosmetic laser eyelid and facial plastic surgery he is board-certified by the american board of ophthalmology and is a member of asorps, aao, fma, broward county medical association, and broward county ophthalmological society. 
							

learn more 
							 




stuart k. burgess, md, facs, fasrs 
							dr. stuart burgess is the director of clinical research, specializing in the medical and surgical treatment of retinal diseases, including age-related macular degeneration, diabetic retinopathy, retinal tears and detachments, macular holes, uveitis, ocular tumors, and ocular trauma. 

he is board–certified by the american board of ophthalmology and is a member of aao, asrs, and the american college of surgeons.


learn more 
							 



keith a. skolnick, md 
							dr. keith skolnick specializes in cataracts and has performed over 22,000 cataract and lens replacement procedures since 1997. 

he is board-certified by the american board of ophthalmology and was ranked in the top 100 ophthalmologists in the united states by newsweek in 2021 and 2022. he is compassionate and dedicated to his patient’s well-being.



learn more 
							 



tirso mark lara, md 
							dr. tirso lara specializes in diseases of the retina, macula, and vitreous, including macular degeneration, diabetic retinopathy, uveitis, and ocular trauma. 

he is board-certified by the american board of ophthalmology and is a member of aao, asrs, and the american society of ocular trauma. he is fluent in spanish and english. 
							

learn more 
							
 



natalia villate, md, fasrs 
							dr. natalia villate specializes in the diagnosis, treatment, and care of patients with retinal diseases, including macular degermation, diabetic retinopathy, uveitis, and cataract complications.

she is board certified by the american board of ophthalmology and is a member of the aao, asrs, and the palm beach county ophthalmology society. she is fluent in spanish, french, and english. 
							

learn more 
							
 



ilan j. epstein, md 
							dr. ilan epstein specializes in cataract, cornea, glaucoma, and lasik treatment.  he has extensive experience in premium laser refractive cataract surgery, laser vision correction, ocular surface disease, and corneal surgery. 

he is board-certified by the american board of ophthalmology and is a member of aao and ascrs. 
							

learn more 
							
 



luis e. fernández de castro, md 
							dr. luis fernandez de castro specializes in the treatment of cataracts and other ocular morbidities like corneal infections, inflammation, allergies, dry eye, and glaucoma. 

he has extensive experience in endothelial keratoplasty and iol lens replacement. he is a member of the aao, isrs, ascrs. he is fluent in spanish and english. 
							
learn more 
							

 



aliza epstein, md 
							dr. aliza epstein specializes in oculofacial plastic surgery, with experience performing cosmetic and functional eyelid and facial surgery along with lacrimal and orbital disease and management. 

she is board-certified by the american board of ophthalmology, and is a member of  aao, abo, asoprs, aacs, abfcs,  fma, women in ophthalmology, and the american medical association. 
							
learn more 
							

 



lisa b. galluzzo, od 
							dr. lisa galluzzo is an optometric physician, specializing in eye care for patients of all ages. she is a contact lens specialist with advanced training in lens fittings of all types. 

she is a member of the aoa, foa, and is an adjunct professor at nova southeastern school of optometry. 
							
learn more 
							

 




patricia diaz nagel, arnp 
							patricia diaz nagel is one of south florida's few ophthalmic nurse practitioners. she specializes in diagnosing and treating eye conditions and diseases. she is a foreign graduated doctor in medicine with a specialization in ophthalmology from the central university of venezuela.

patricia diaz nagel works alongside our team of ophthalmologists and other healthcare providers to provide comprehensive eye care services to our patients. 
							

learn more 
							 




noel pereda
clinical research manager 
							noel pereda is the clinical research manager at fort lauderdale eye institute. he has extensive experience as a site coordinator, conducting retina research in south florida.

he is a foreign graduated doctor in medicine with a specialization in ophthalmology from the central university of venezuela. he supervises a team of research coordinators and is the main liaison between cro, sponsors, and the principal investigator. 
							

learn more 
							 






fort lauderdale eye institute
board certified eye surgeons in south floridawelcome to the fort lauderdale eye institute, where excellence in eye care is our tradition. for over 50 years, we have been a trusted destination for patients across south florida, the southeastern united states, and the caribbean seeking top-tier ophthalmic services. our mission is simple yet profound: to provide the most advanced eye health services in a caring environment to all patients in need.
at fort lauderdale eye institute, our team is composed of board-certified ophthalmologists, a certified optometrist, an ophthalmic nurse practitioner, and a dedicated clinical research manager, all committed to providing cutting-edge medical technology and advanced surgical techniques. our physicians and research staff are not only skilled practitioners but also pioneers in their fields, contributing to clinical studies and authoring influential papers in leading medical journals.
we offer a comprehensive range of advanced ophthalmological services to diagnose, treat, and surgically correct complex eye and retinal diseases, including glaucoma, macular degeneration, cataracts, diabetic retinopathy, and more. our specialties encompass cosmetic eyelid surgery, reconstructive eye surgery, and the latest in treatments for retinal and vitreous diseases.
with a team of over 50 dedicated professionals, including eight highly specialized eye surgeons, we are committed to providing top-tier care to all our patients, utilizing the most modern medical technology and surgical techniques available.
meet our doctors:

dr. gil epstein, a board certified ophthalmologist and accomplished oculoplastic surgeon specializing in cosmetic and reconstructive procedures.
dr. stuart k. burgess, a board certified ophthalmologist, retinal specialist and director of clinical research with a focus on age-related macular degeneration and diabetic retinopathy.
dr. keith a. skolnick, a board certified phthalmologist and renowned for his expertise in cataract surgery and laser eye surgery, ranked among america’s best eye doctors by newsweek.
dr. tirso mark lara, a board-certified retina and vitreoretinal surgeon, highly regarded for his expertise in the surgical treatment of retinal diseases, and an active researcher and educator.
dr. natalia villate, a board certified ophthalomologist, and expert in retinal surgery that has performed more than 1,000 complex vitreo-retinal surgeries since she established herself in private practice in the united states in 2008 and is dedicated to providing the latest treatments for complex retinal conditions.
dr. ilan j. epstein, a board certified ophthalmologist specializing in cataract, cornea, glaucoma, and lasik treatments, with extensive experience in premium laser and refractive cataract surgery, laser vision correction, and corneal surgery.
dr. luis e. fernández de castro, member of the american society of cataract and refractive surgery and specialist in corneal diseases and cataract surgery, known for his compassionate care and patient-centered approach.
dr. aliza epstein, a board certified ophthalmologist, and skilled oculofacial plastic surgeon committed to delivering quality cosmetic and functional results.
dr. lisa b. galluzzo, an optometric physician specializing in advanced contact lens fittings with advanced training in lens fittings of all types..
patricia diaz nagel, a.r.n.p., a dedicated ophthalmic nurse practitioner with extensive experience in ocular disease management.
noel pereda, clinical research manager, who brings a wealth of experience in regulatory documentation, clinical trial management, and ophthalmic research coordination. noel has been instrumental in more than 30 clinical trials at fort lauderdale eye institute and continues to play a pivotal role in advancing ophthalmic research.

choosing the right ophthalmic care is a crucial decision that impacts your quality of life. at fort lauderdale eye institute, we are committed to providing you with the highest level of care, backed by decades of experience and a deep commitment to patient well-being. we look forward to welcoming you and helping you achieve and maintain optimal eye health.
whether you’re seeking treatment for complex eye conditions and diseases, oculoplastic surgery, comprehensive eye care, or specialized treatments, our ophthalmologists and staff are here to assist you. request an appointment today by calling 954-741-5555 and let us help you achieve and maintain optimal vision health.
conveniently located at 850 s pine island road, plantation, fl 33324, our main office is situated within the royal palm complex on pine island road, just north of peters road. additionally, we have a satellite office at 1930 ne 47th street, suite 101, fort lauderdale, fl 33308 – click here for directions: fort lauderdale eye institute




vision correction surgery
corrective eye surgery
we specialize in vision correction surgery, refractive surgery, corrective eye surgery, and many other specialties related to comprehensive eye care.
learn more

oculoplastics
oculoplastic surgeon
oculoplastic surgery is a subspecialty in the field of ophthalmology, focusing primarily on the eyelids, orbit, tear ducts and other tissues surrounding the eyes.
learn more

cataracts & lens implants
cataract surgery
at fort lauderdale eye institute, we specialize in advanced technology laser cataract surgery, cataract lens implants, and lens replacement surgery procedures.
learn more

retinal diseases
retina specialist
a retina specialist diagnoses and treats those potentially sight threatening conditions, diseases, and irregularities that affect the retina and the vitreous.
learn more

eye diseases
glaucoma surgery and aging eyes
according to the national eye institute, the leading causes of vision impairment and blindness in the u.s. are primarily age-related eye diseases like glaucoma.
learn more

retina & research
clinical trials
clinical trials are designed to find safe treatments that work in people and new ways to improve health. a patient could benefit from his participation
learn more




 
 
our doctors
gil epstein, m.d., f.a.c.s.
stuart k. burgess, m.d., f.a.c.s., f.a.s.r.s
keith a. skolnick, m.d.
tirso mark lara, m.d.
natalia villate, m.d., f.a.s.r.s.
ilan j. epstein, m.d.
luis fernandez de castro, m.d.
aliza epstein, m.d.
patricia diaz nagel, a.r.n.p.
lisa b. galluzzo, o.d.
we are members of
locations & directions
main office
850 s. pine island road, suite a100
plantation, fl 33324
phone: 954-741-5555
8:30 a.m. — 5:00 p.m., monday — friday
on call 24/7

east office
1930 ne 47th street, suite 101
fort lauderdale, fl 33308
phone: 954-772-3337
8:30 a.m. — 5:00 p.m., monday — friday
on call 24/7

© copyright 2009 – 2025 | fort lauderdale eye institute all rights reserved


 
 
page load link



translate »






















go to top




