










travelscope – just another wordpress site












































top








 


episodes

season 1
season 2
season 3
season 4
season 5
season 6
season 7
season 8
season 9
season 10
season 11
season 12
all episodes


store
about

meet the crew
press release
awards
images
contact us


travel partners

series sponsors


blog
podcast
magazine
 












search for:





 
 








watch the emmy® award-winning series on your local pbs station.









 




watch joseph rosendo's travelscope in your local area.  search tv schedule



























recent blog posts


cruising france’s lot river
            i have long been a francophile – a lover of all things french – and in particular the country herself and more specifically the southwest. of course, it’s impossible not to be dazzled by paris, but i’ve always felt the...            read more


the hotel arts barcelona — picture perfect on spain’s costa brava
            during my recent travels in europe to shoot my latest joseph rosendo’s travelscope show on the lot river in france and to scout for future shoots in spain, i had the pleasure of experiencing the hotel arts barcelona. part of...            read more


sanibel island: escape to island vibes closer to home
            as my husband and i breakfasted overlooking the pool and ocean beyond, i reminded myself that i was in florida at the sundial beach resort & spa. who knew a tropical paradise could be this accessible? palm trees fluttering in...            read more


blog 








purchase dvds
all episodes of joseph rosendo’s travelscope are available in our store.




















more dvds 









joseph's best travel content. delivered straight to your inbox.









thank you! your submission has been received!


oops! something went wrong while submitting the form


















joseph at tedx topanga. in his 14 minute talk, joseph shares his love for traveling and cultural highlights. he explains a tradition that has healed the community in rwanda called umaganda.  watch joseph's talk 













      i just wanted to let you know that i really love watching your show. i like how you not only highlight the different cultures of the places that you visit, but also immerse yourself in it as well, (my personal favorite was when you visited switzerland). thank you for producing content that is not only educational, but also entertaining. looking forward to seeing more of your travels!
      
-  travelscope viewer
















sponsors











episode
store
about
travel partners
blog
podcast
magazine
contact us

travel is fatal to prejudice, bigotry and narrow-mindedness — mark twain




































