







jake johannsen













































        
          
            jake johannsen
          
        
      








































cart
















0






sign in
my account




















              about us
            









































sign in
my account






















































cart
















0











about us





                
                  
                    jake johannsen
                  
                
              
“the difference between watching standup comedy on tv and seeing it live, is like the difference between watching a porno and actually having sex with a real person. you might enjoy them both, but one is a lot better."  











scroll




























“the difference between watching standup comedy on tv and seeing it live, is like the difference between watching cooking show and eating the amazing meal they are preparing. you might enjoy them both, but one is a lot better."






  

let’s keep in touch! 

 

upcoming dates














upcoming:minneapolis: acme comedy april 16-19 2025san francisco: punchline may 8-10 2025  

people are talking. here’s what they’re saying…




“100 greatest moments in television - tv guide - #36 - jake johannsen comedy special, “this will take about an hour””

— tv guide




“jake johannsen grabs you by the brain. he gently removes it from your cranium, massages it, flips it around and with your perspective now refreshingly askew, he plops it back in and you are a better person for it.”

— theater jones arts news




“... but his construction, timing and inflection are impeccable. he’s a man who fully grasps the craftsmanship of comedy, and this show still makes me laugh after multiple viewings.”

— martin t




“this guy is a kind of nervous visual version of what you’d imagine gary larson to be like. but his subtle, offbeat, often sotto voce humor really tickles my funnybone. it’s almost like it’s accidentally funny, but you know he’s a real professional and that it takes lots of practice and hard work. if you can find this tv special (hbo doesn’t seem to have it any more) you’ll enjoy it. tv guide listed this as one of the 100 funniest things tv has ever done, and they’re right.”

— rick k.




“it’s hard to think how it could be any funnier. simply brilliant material & delivery prepared by someone who really knows what he’s doing. it’s a shame about the state of comedy otherwise - this guy makes it all work.”

— janhus - imdb











 
















about jakejake johannsen made his comedic debut at san francisco’s cobbs comedy club during an open mike night. in 1986, he won the 11th annual san francisco stand up comedian competition. jake has appeared on “the late show with david letterman" 45 times. he has appeared in the “hbo young comedian’s special” and pbs’s “comedy tonight” series, and was the host of comedy central’s series, “two drink minimum”. he has also been nominated as “best male stand-up comedian” for the american comedy awards.with a subtle and intelligent comedic style, with his ability to give the most common element new meaning. jake quickly became one of the most respected comedians in the country. not many comedians will devote six minutes to a single subject, especially one as seemingly mundane as a toaster or as strange as his conviction that extraterrestrials are working among us. jake  his bizarre take on life has prompted critics to observe that he “conjures up some of the strangest imagery this side of gary larsen’s comic strip, the far side.”













in 1992, he starred in his own hbo comedy special titled “this’ll take about an hour,” which premiered to rave reviews, and was named #36 in tv guide's "the 100 greatest moments in television" for that year. jake also received an ace award nomination for best writing in an entertainment special for his work on that special.other television credits include comedy specials on hbo, showtime, and netflix, with a new one set to launch in december of 2014.man vs. machine, extraterrestrials and relationships are just some of the eclectic themes that jake reflects upon. if anything is his trademark, according to johannsen it is his longer, convoluted stories. “i’m talking about things that everybody can relate to and i think i have my own idea of where the problem is. i don’t feel i make them deliberately bizarre.”johannsen has established himself as one of the country’s most prominent comedians and continues to headline across the country.








about intro



press



bio








 







powered by squarespace









