     gurnee hyundai | new and used auto dealership in gurnee, il                            

                                                  gurnee hyundai                                  sales 847-693-7089    service 224-637-1674    parts 224-637-1691   6251 grand ave. , gurnee, il 60031                      gurnee hyundai            call 847-693-7089   directions                 new   new hyundai   retired new car service loaners   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   payment calculator   hyundai santa fe    hyundai elantra   hyundai palisade   hyundai venue   hyundai tucson   hyundai kona     used   all pre-owned vehicles   certified pre-owned vehicles for sale   vehicles under 15k   certified pre-owned overview   trade appraisal   schedule test drive     electric   electric   electric vehicle information     schedule service   sell/trade   specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   manufacturer rebates   military program   college grad rebate   first responders program   boost up   mobility program	   service & parts specials     pre-approval   service/parts   schedule service   service department   order parts   accessories   oil change   brakes   batteries   buy tires online   service now, pay over time   service & parts specials     about   about   our dealership   meet our staff   careers   hours & directions   contact us   our blog   dealer serving chicagoland   finance   finance department     hyundai programs   hyundai warranty   hyundai assurance	   complimentary maintenance   hyundai shopper assurance                     new   new hyundai   retired new car service loaners   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   payment calculator   hyundai santa fe    hyundai elantra   hyundai palisade   hyundai venue   hyundai tucson   hyundai kona     used   all pre-owned vehicles   certified pre-owned vehicles for sale   vehicles under 15k   certified pre-owned overview   trade appraisal   schedule test drive     electric   electric   electric vehicle information     schedule service   sell/trade   specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   manufacturer rebates   military program   college grad rebate   first responders program   boost up   mobility program	   service & parts specials     pre-approval   service/parts   schedule service   service department   order parts   accessories   oil change   brakes   batteries   buy tires online   service now, pay over time   service & parts specials     about   about   our dealership   meet our staff   careers   hours & directions   contact us   our blog   dealer serving chicagoland   finance   finance department     hyundai programs   hyundai warranty   hyundai assurance	   complimentary maintenance   hyundai shopper assurance           
    
                                                   disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                                                   


            find your vehicle      keyword search              type  all new used certified    year  any year    make  any make     model  any model    price  any price       less filters   reset search   search reset         search        buy   finance   lease             minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         

      search new inventory     search used inventory        







gurnee hyundai
we have a strong and committed sales staff with many years of experience satisfying our customers' needs. feel free to browse our inventory online, request more information about vehicles, set up a test drive or inquire about financing!




























            



learn more 



address
6251 grand ave. gurnee, il 60031

phone


 sales 847-693-7089


 service 224-637-1674


 parts 224-637-1691


schedule service





          explore hyundai inventory —  electrified suvs sedans          kona electric      tucson hybrid      tucson plug-in hybrid      santa fe hybrid      ioniq 5      ioniq 5 n      nexo fuel cell      elantra hybrid      sonata gas & hybrid      ioniq 6          venue      kona      kona electric      santa cruz      tucson      tucson hybrid      tucson plug-in hybrid      santa fe      santa fe hybrid      palisade      ioniq 5      ioniq 5 n      nexo fuel cell          elantra      elantra hybrid      elantra n      sonata gas & hybrid      ioniq 6             




new
inventory

view vehicles 







get
pre-approved

apply for credit 







schedule
test drive

make an appointment 



             










find your ideal hyundai
the perfect car or suv is waiting for you at gurnee hyundai.
search
inventory












service department
we utilize service technicians who are certified with the expertise to care for your vehicle.

schedule
appointment




     
     






shop our great selection of new and used hyundai models


are you looking for a hyundai dealership that offers customized care, a huge inventory, and the support teams you need to take you from finding to enjoying your next vehicle? visit us at gurnee hyundai. our dedicated staff is ready to be your ally in your vehicle journey. with an enormous selection of new and used hyundai models, spanning the full lineup and multiple model years, we make it easy to find the vehicle that fits your lifestyle and your budget. our friendly sales team consists of hyundai experts who know the unique features of every single hyundai model, new and used.


if you aren’t quite sure what model is best for your daily drives, speak to our sales experts. they can help you understand what hyundai is perfect for you. because we have so many new and used options, all you need to do is explain to one of our team members what matters most to you and what you’re looking to experience in a vehicle. they’ll be able to instantly pick out one of the many hyundai models on our lot that can meet your needs. we have hyundai sedans, like the sonata and elantra, trucks like the santa cruz, suvs of various sizes, from the palisade to the santa fe, and more! we have the type of comprehensive and competitively priced hyundai inventory you’re after and all the support teams you need!


finance your hyundai with us


we’re excited to help drivers find the best way to pay for their hyundai. you’ll be surprised at the options our finance team presents to you. our finance professionals will assess your unique financial situation and goals, craft payment packages that fit your budget, and keep you on track with your financial aspirations. don’t hesitate to meet with a member of our finance team, no matter what your credit history might be or how specific your payment package requirements are. our finance experts will work with you, adjusting the numbers, until you land on something that fits your needs.


you can even get pre-approved on our website! simply provide us with a few details, and you’ll receive an instant finance offer. that way, you’ll know your buying power and be able to browse our massive inventory with confidence. we understand that part of enjoying your hyundai is getting a payment plan that fits your budget so that you can continue to enjoy your lifestyle and work towards monetary goals stress-free. that’s why we’re so committed to working with you on a lease or loan tailored to your needs.


bring your hyundai back to us for your maintenance and parts needs


when it’s time to service your hyundai, we’re here for you with an incredible service department. our technicians are experienced in caring for every hyundai model from every generation. they’ll understand the unique needs of your model, what issues to look for, and what maintenance schedule is best. you’ll love how friendly and transparent our technicians are. they’re always happy to answer your questions about vehicle care and give you a detailed breakdown of the work that needs to be done and what it will cost you.


our comprehensive service department has a tire shop, accessories to customize your ride, routine services, professional repairs, and so much more. plus, we have our popular service now, pay over time option, which allows you to break up the cost of service into manageable monthly payments. it’s important to us that you can afford quality care. come to us whether you need a tune-up or a fix-up. we’re here to help you get the most mileage and top performance out of your hyundai.




     
    







gurnee hyundai






















address
6251 grand ave. gurnee, il 60031

phone



sales 847-693-7089



service 224-637-1674



parts 224-637-1691



            



    sales hours         monday 9:00am - 8:00pm    tuesday 9:00am - 8:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 8:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 8:00pm    friday 9:00am - 8:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 6:00pm     sunday closed         service hours         monday 7:00am - 7:00pm    tuesday 7:00am - 7:00pm    wednesday 7:00am - 7:00pm    thursday 7:00am - 7:00pm    friday 7:00am - 7:00pm    saturday 8:00am - 5:00pm     sunday closed         parts hours         monday 7:00am - 6:00pm    tuesday 7:00am - 6:00pm    wednesday 7:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 7:00am - 6:00pm    friday 7:00am - 5:00pm    saturday 8:00am - 5:00pm     sunday closed        









             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | gurnee hyundai | 6251 grand ave. , gurnee, il 60031 | sales: 847-693-7089            

























                     