



















veterinarian in new orleans, la | southern animal foundation































































 











 (504) 671-8235 |  1823 magazine st, new orleans, la 70130  

  rate us:        















menu

adopt a pet

adoptions


about us

our team
frances mcdonough memorial clinic
blog


appointments
new clients

new client form


services

dental care
surgery
advanced digital x-rays
spay and neuter
microchipping
vaccinations
wellness exams
nutritional counseling
behavior management
flea & tick control products
parasite prevention & heartworm testing
ultrasound
grooming
onsite diagnostics


donate to saf!
online store
contact

directions


 










we welcome new clients
 we invite you to contact us today to discuss your pet's care. please don't hesitate to call us at (504) 671-8235. 

 read more 





request an appointment
 

 request appointment 





we welcome new clients
 we invite you to contact us today to discuss your pet's care. please don't hesitate to call us at (504) 671-8235. 

 read more 







 welcome to southern animal foundation 



 our services  




call us: (504) 671-8235
get directions
request an appointment

  rate us:        









southern animal foundation is pleased to serve new orleans, la and the surrounding areas. our goal is to provide you and your pets with the best veterinary experience possible.
at southern animal foundation, everyone is considered a leader and an integral member of the health care delivery team. every day at southern animal foundation, it is our friendly team’s responsibility to help make your veterinary experience a positive one to ensure that both you and your pet are at ease. in addition to mandatory veterinary knowledge and training, our team is selected for kindness, compassion, patience, professionalism, integrity, and agility.
we are here for you, we are here for your pet, and we are your neighborhood’s favorite vet. please don’t hesitate to contact us today at (504) 671-8235 to request your pet’s appointment!










 about us 







 our services 







 appointments 







 get in touch 















			request an appointment today
		




testimonials











my dog actually loves going to the vet. y’all are the best.

l.












i love this place ! everybody is amazing with excellent customer service they treat my puppy like he’s family

jalissa c.












i have had pets my entire life and saf/dr lamarsh are hands down the best vet i’ve ever had the pleasure of using. they are super thorough yet unbelievably reasonably priced. every time i go to check out i think “that price can’t be right” but in the best way. everyone who works there is so nice and my dogs love them. thank you saf!!

sheila s.













 follow us on 






 southern animal foundation 
 phone:  (504) 671-8235   address: 	 1823 magazine st, new orleans, la 70130  

sitemap | accessibility | website by doctor multimedia 










			×			



  call us 
  text us 








skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset







