














country lakes party center - broadview heights best-kept secret






















































































  







(440) 526-0216 




facebook




instagram


  





facebook




instagram



schedule a tour
events
special events
curbside orders
blog
employment
  
 
 










home
services
venues
pool
gallery
reviews
contact
 


select page


  
 



 



 


























welcome to
country lakes event venue





we provide full-service event needs within our variety of spaces to perfectly fit your occasion. located in beautiful broadview heights, our property offers an elegant atmosphere in an enchanting wooded setting with picturesque landscaping overlooking a glistening lake. our team aims to provide exceptional assistance along the planning process for your gathering at our venue. from set-up, decor, timeline of event, catering and bar services, our goal is to make your event a memorable one.
request pricing schedule a tour















valentines day dinner & dancing
join us for a romantic evening of delicious food, dancing, and love at our valentines day dinner & dancing event!
friday, february 14 · 6:30 – 9:30pm
per person – $85couples – $150table of 10 – $700

tickets & more info







join country lakes event venue for our spring bridal open house on saturday march 1, 2025 from 12 pm-3 pm. food tasting from 12:30 pm – 2 pm.
this is a wonderful opportunity to see the venue set up and how your wedding would be, meet our staff, taste our delicious catering and talk about our packages!
simply viewing the venue is free. please register for the tour the venue only option.
for those participating in sampling the food, tickets are $15 (+conv fee) if paid by credit card. we recommend payment in advance to ensure your reservation. please register for tour the venue and food tasting option.

tickets & more info







services






our venue welcomes weddings, showers, reunions, fundraisers, picnics and more. we offer complete catering and bar services, tableware, linen and select decor for your event. our team will provide assistance planning your gathering at our venue ensuring it’s a picture-perfect day.

view services





whether you desire an intimate gathering, large affair, peaceful ceremony or outdoor gathering, our venue has a setting to suit your needs.

view venues



venues




whether you desire an intimate gathering, large affair, peaceful ceremony or outdoor gathering, our venue has a setting to suit your needs.

view venues

























































country lakes
located in beautiful broadview heights, ohio, country lakes has been planning social and corporate gatherings since 1981. we provide complete catering and bar service, plus tableware, glassware and fine selection of linen. menus range from the more informal bbq’s to four-course, plated dinners, plus customized menus for those out of the ordinary events.
our party coordinators will give you personal assistance in every phase of planning, from selecting menu items to coordinating your dj’s services, photographic opportunities and room decorations. our professional staff will ensure that your reception runs smoothly and effortlessly, so you won’t have to worry about a thing!
check availability







country lakes event venue
8626 broadview roadbroadview heights, oh 44147(440) 526-0216


office hours
monday - friday  10:00am - 4:00pm


have a question?
contact us








follow us.










followfollowfollow







 







				country lakes event venue
© 2025 • all rights reserved

					 

 
 
 




x




                                        want a call back?                                     

call me










valentines day dinner & dancing

friday, february 14 · 6:30 – 9:30pm
per person – $85
couples – $150
table of 10 – $700

for more info call: (440) 526-0216
more info


			close			






















