



rustic furniture / glass top tables


















untitled page








natural & elegant rustic furniture & glass top tables



glass top tables



stump  tables



coffee  tables

u.s.a. 
not a live tree falls
for our burnishments.



benches

contact us


email

mikejust3022@gmail.com





slab tables
in progress









untitled page













rustic furniture

what's new !

contact us

home page

request a quote

for custom sizes



rustic benches

log bench

tree bench



large tables

unique conference

wooden top tables



    glass top tables

shipping



    stump tables

    slab tables

small tables

rustic end tables



    rustic coffee tables

carved furniture

log beds

tree table gallery

seating

benches, more >

rustic chairs

rustic oak stool



cabinets

furniture art

sculpture

photo overview

site map

shipping information



clients comment

seating chart

about me

contact us

baby pictures

creating a burl table












untitled page







  email      mikejust3022@gmail.com
rustic furniture from the log - glass top tables - tree table sculpture p.o. box 143,  wilson, kansas, 67490, us
copyright 1996 - 2019 - mike just - rustic, natural, organic. elegant root furniture - glass top stump tables - art furniture - sculpture all images, rustic furniture design elements and other content represented on this web site are protected under united states and international copyright laws and are the sole property of michael w. just, unless otherwise noted. all use and/or publication rights are reserved, worldwide. all represented images and content are not in the public domain. no images, or furnishing designs represented on this web site may be copied, stored, manipulated, published, sold or reproduced in whole or in part without the express permission of an authorized representative of rustic oak, mike w. just, treetables.com. simply ask.

               home       architects designers    stump tables   glass top tables   natural conference tables



natural furniture & glass top tables

elegant natural furniture art & glass top tables 

we create unique natural log & root coffee tables, glass top root dining and coffee tables rustic log tables, log beds, and unique glass top tables, + natural conference tables.
my name is mike just. i have created the natural furniture designs you will see on this web site over a period of years. each, was designed and created for a client. some designs are in the "elegant rustic furniture" class. others are classed as, "furniture art". i work with decorators, architects, institutional buyers and, individuals. 







stump and root tables  - stumps turn into magnificent tables with glass, stone or wooden tops! the intent; to bring the peace & grace of nature into your home. you may view dining, conference, cocktail or, occasional tables by clicking onto small photo's (right) or menu (left) . 







more unique furniture, includes, carved theme & sculpted art tables. bronze animal statues, glass and stone sculpting. the work of chet cale . sculptor needed ? chet cale is excellant! contact us. 



"it is our great pleasure to bring forth the beauty of nature, for your admirations."


"what's new" : the latest work of mike just.
natural furniture designs.
this year focus is on our tangled root table designs for foyer, dining, and coffee tables. 

my passion is natural elegance, smooth flowing natural line and always strive for an affect of " oohh ahhh ",  when complete. 
glass table tops add to the elegance by adding the "looking glass" through which one may view the peace & grace of nature. it's mezmurizing! 

recently we are now creating glass tops whose perimeter undulates and matches the flowing shape of the tangles root tables base below. just as the foliage or the crown of a tree flows.  in addition to undulating edges, we have added the " chipped or arctic edged " look for a special  natural decor. 

we still have the more traditional thick glass top with it's rounded or oge edgings for that elegant location.

my kindest regards ,
mike just

several tangled tables are in progress, dining and coffee. email me if you are considering a tangled table.
mikejust3022@gmail.com  

glass top stump tables 

tangled root
cocktail table

stump table
dining

root base
onyx stone top
fine dining

round glass 
top tables

unique  coffee 
tables

carved theme
tables


for more about this work & other tangled tables.  ,click here.



benches

end tables





 a tangled root table w/ amorphic shaped arctic edged glass top.
"hope you enjoy your visit to my web site "
best regards
mike just

bring the peace & grace of nature, indoors. 

mike's natural designs are unique, elegant, and eclectic. they enhance the decor of upscale homes and, the foyers of hotels across the u.s.a. and abroad. 

shown below, his favorite design, tangled root tables: for cocktail tables, dining or your conference room.


more  photo's here.



the amorphic cut glass top edging of this table, matches the organic shape of the tangled root base accentuating the natural flowing contour of nature. 



the sister to this tangled root table ( created from the same tree ) is now nearing completion. glass top size 48 to 60 inches. 
email mike at 

mikejust3022@gmail.com





