








build a bush fire resistant concrete dome house












































































skip to content










call us today! +61 0456 722 956|contact@domeshells.com.au 

 










 homeproducts&services bush fire resistant housedome plansinflatable air formsdesign servicesbuilding codes for domesbasalt fibre productsshopmanuals&courses become a dome builderdome faqprojectsaboutcontactshopblogmember login 


search for:








 









search for:


















dome construction & dome house designcbrown2024-09-26t15:12:01+10:00








build a dome house 



 







build a home that stands out architecturally and provides a unique living experience with innovative designs that offer both functionality and visual appeal.create a home that minimizes environmental impact, utilizes renewable resources, and promotes sustainability.a home that fosters a sense of autonomy and resilience.live a lifestyle that aligns with eco-conscious values and reduces carbon footprint. 







be at the forefront of sustainable living and alternative construction.for those who take pride in using cutting-edge techniques and designs in their homebuilding projects.are you passionate about creating and maintaining eco-friendly and self-sufficient living environments?do you embrace the do-it-yourself approach to building and maintaining your homes, preferring hands-on involvement in the construction process?  



















1. superior strength and durability: feel safe in domeshells’ basalt fiber reinforced concrete dome that offers unmatched strength and durability. they are resistant to all extreme forces making them suitable for storm shelters and earth-covered applications.2. infinite design possibilities: choose one of our standard geometry designs for the best economy.  domeshells system offers infinite design possibilities, allowing the creation of unique and personalized structures tailored to your specific needs and preferences.3. lower energy costs: a domeshell contains high levels of internal thermal mass that is covered by a layer of lightweight insulating concrete over the structural shell keeping warm in winter and cool in summer. 4. a heightened living experience: unique acoustics, spaciousness, stillness.5. value! more protection & longevity for your dollar. 







6. design services: we provide architectural design services (or use your own designer) in addition to structural design and certification required by your council.domeshells complies with the australian building code and satisfies requirements in all states.7. training, learning, and courses: we provide on-site training for builders and owner-builders. we offer a range of e-manuals, and online video courses. at the domeacademy websiteour training material is constantly being upgraded and expanded. 8. materials: only a few materials are needed to build a domeshell that are easy to source locally. domeshells provides basalt fiber reinforcing, air forms, hand-held sprayers, and blower fans to our dome builders.9. plant and equipment: includes rigid fiberglass molds and mini-shotcrete spraying machines. 















“the most bushfire resistant house construction in australia”designed from the ground up to resist extreme forces.survive any weather event in a domeshell 















dome house design services get in touch. talk to us about what you have in mind. find out about our process. we will help you achieve the best design solution for you and your budget.   








 

















































 

 



















the new way to liveultimate comfort and protection against:bush-firecyclone, hurricaneearthquakehailtermitescorrosionflood damagecabinsmulti dome homessheltersunderground/above-ground 




 








special qualities of domesthe most common response from people who live in dome homes is that they do not want to go back to living in a rectangular house.a natural calming feelingwith no corners – energy flowsunique pure sound no distortions.sacred geometry is inherent in the circle 35% less external surface area – less materialswhen you combine all of the above you get a naturally comfortable space that feels strong, safe, and secure that will outperform any other form of structure. 



 















education and traininge-manuals and online video courseslearn our simple methods:the no-mould method or the mouldless method or bothhow to use bamboo to construct a strong, resilient concrete shellhow to use basalt fibre rebar to build an engineered dome that complies with the australian building code. 















projects image galleryview a range of projects we have completed from 3.0m diameter up to 9.5m diameter. 








 




















the 3.0m diameter relocatable dome studioextra space – studio – day room – officemanufactured in murwillumbah nsw. the 3.0m diameter dome can be delivered anywhere 








 












basalt reinforcing productsdomeshells pioneered the use of “basalt fibre” concrete reinforcing products in australia.basalt fibre is extruded from molten basalt rock mine tailings. it produces a fibre twice the tensile strength of steel and only a quarter of the weight. it does not rust or corrode. 








 
























more about dome housesperfect solution for climate changethe dome shape combined with the right materials makes an almost indestructible building. domeshells simple construction method combined with our unique material system offers the most cost effective, sustainable buildings that will withstand the worst that climate change can throw.if you want a future proof house, a house that will withstand category 5 cyclones, earthquakes, fire, flood, insect attack and more –  then domeshells is the answer.purest sound inside a domesound is reflected from the dome shape back to the center of the structure at the diameter. the sound is pure in contrast to rectangular buildings.behavior of sound in a dome shape illustrates how all the energy flows inside a dome – no stagnant energy stuck in corners.ventilation in domesa common comment made by people who live in dome houses is that they do not have a mold problem. this is due to the superior ventilation inherent when a dome is ventilated through an opening in the apex which causes the most efficient and thorough ventilation of the space below. in contrast to a conventional building, a dome draws air from around its circumference expelling through the apex.compound curves of the dome shapedomeshells designs use mostly hemispherical geometry with smooth round surfacescompound curves mean that the surface curves in all direction. it is not just a mono curve. creating compound curved elements requires a mold system.domeshells does not design or build geodesic domes which are created with triangular elements to form a dome shape with facets.the domeshells building system is ideally suitable for:cabinshousesyoga & meditation studiostourist accommodationmining accommodationstorage silossurvival sheltersstorm sheltersemergency shelterdisaster reconstructionextreme conditions shelterstorm shelters, survival shelters and fire bunkersthere is so much happening in our world today causing many people to think of preparing for the worst. civil unrest and war causing massive migrations of people into refugee situations and climate change, seismic activity and natural disasters of all kinds are affecting millions of people all over the world.more and more people are moving away from the cities back to rural towns and ares. forming communities, getting back to nature and living off-grid  is becoming more popular and desirable.our domes are specifically designed for the survival of the worst possible scenario in mind.  they are strong and solid. they are also capable of being underground and/or earth-covered.for more information please fill out our contact form or give us a call on tel: 02 6677 0216 (international: +61 2 6677 0216). 






share this:facebooktwitterpinterestredditwhatsapplinkedintelegramlike this:like loading... 



subscribe subscribe to news & updates
email address: 
		



first name




leave this field empty if you're human: 

recent posts


dome home rural victoria
november 30, 2024


dome designs by sergio lissone
september 15, 2023


new client dome house designs
august 29, 2022


composites and architecture feature article
august 28, 2022


 
 
 





 
 
domeshells vision is to develop simple, cost-effective methods of building dome-shaped thin concrete shell structures for extreme operating conditions for professional builders, owner builders and diy.

 

our termsprivacy policy
terms & conditions
gdpr-userrequestform
 

navigate hereblog
about domeshells vision
dome faq
contact
 


recent posts


dome home rural victoria
november 30, 2024


dome designs by sergio lissone
september 15, 2023


new client dome house designs
august 29, 2022


composites and architecture feature article
august 28, 2022


bamboo ferro cement dome in bali
august 28, 2022


 

 
 
 





		copyright 2015 | all rights reserved | domeshells.com.au 



 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link






%d



go to top




