









motorsports dealer in madison, wi | engelhart motorsports company











































































®
















































skip to main content














check out the engelhart motorsports youtube channel! (opens in new
							window)





follow engelhart motorsports on instagram! (opens in new window)





like engelhart motorsports on facebook! (opens in new window)









1589 greenway cross
madison, wi
							53713






608-274-2366





toggle navigation







home

brands


hot deals
can-am®
cfmoto
honda®

indian motorcycle®
kayo
lynx®
polaris slingshot®
polaris®
								off road
polaris® snowmobiles

promotions


royal enfield
ski-doo


yamaha



vehicles & equipment

new powersports inventory

pre-owned powersports
								inventory
atv
side-by-sides
motorcycles &
								scooters
three wheel
								motorcycles

slingshot
snowmobiles


trailers
research oem
								lineups
request a quote



trade & sell

appraise your trade



financing

purchasing your vehicle
credit
								application



parts







parts & accessories


all
bodyworks
brakes
casual wear
chemicals
bars levers
sprockets chains
electrical
engine parts
exhausts
eyewear
footwear
fuel & air filters
graphics
helmets
luggage
manuals
plows
rider protection
riding apparel
seats
security & covers
snowmobile skis
snow accessories
moto stands
suspension parts
tires & wheels
tools
kids toys
track systems
trailers & ramps
winches
windshields





oem parts
parts request

ebay



service

servicing your vehicle
service request



about us

about engelhart




blog

share the love


map
								& hours
milwaukee, wi
rockford, il
planning
								your visit
events

dealer reviews
engelhart on facebook
engelhart on instagram
engelhart on youtube
employment

links

contact us



 





engelhart motorsports

1589 greenway cross
 madison, wi 53713
us

phone: 608-274-2366
email: sales@engelhart.com

fax:
				608-274-6736









engelhart motorsports - madison, wi - offering new &amp; used atvs, utvs, motorcycles, snowmobiles, parts, service, and moreengelhart motorsports - madison, wi - offering new &amp; used atvs, utvs, motorcycles, snowmobiles, parts, service, and more
engelhart motorsports - madison, wi - offering new &amp; used atvs, utvs, motorcycles, snowmobiles, parts, service, and moreengelhart motorsports - madison, wi - offering new &amp; used atvs, utvs, motorcycles, snowmobiles, parts, service, and more
engelhart motorsports - madison, wi - offering new &amp; used atvs, utvs, motorcycles, snowmobiles, parts, service, and moreengelhart motorsports - madison, wi - offering new &amp; used atvs, utvs, motorcycles, snowmobiles, parts, service, and more
engelhart motorsports - madison, wi - offering new &amp; used atvs, utvs, motorcycles, snowmobiles, parts, service, and moreengelhart motorsports - madison, wi - offering new &amp; used atvs, utvs, motorcycles, snowmobiles, parts, service, and more
engelhart motorsports - madison, wi - offering new &amp; used atvs, utvs, motorcycles, snowmobiles, parts, service, and moreengelhart motorsports - madison, wi - offering new &amp; used atvs, utvs, motorcycles, snowmobiles, parts, service, and more
engelhart motorsports - madison, wi - offering new &amp; used atvs, utvs, motorcycles, snowmobiles, parts, service, and moreengelhart motorsports - madison, wi - offering new &amp; used atvs, utvs, motorcycles, snowmobiles, parts, service, and more
new year's revolutions sales event 2025 start the year off right with a new utv in the garagenew year's revolutions sales event 2025 start the year off right with a new utv in the garage
engelhart motorsports - madison, wi - offering new &amp; used atvs, utvs, motorcycles, snowmobiles, parts, service, and moreengelhart motorsports - madison, wi - offering new &amp; used atvs, utvs, motorcycles, snowmobiles, parts, service, and more
engelhart motorsports - madison, wi - offering new &amp; used atvs, utvs, motorcycles, snowmobiles, parts, service, and moreengelhart motorsports - madison, wi - offering new &amp; used atvs, utvs, motorcycles, snowmobiles, parts, service, and more








previous



pause



next









































































shop our
atvs









shop our
side x sides










shop our
motorcycles









shop our
three-wheel









shop our
slingshots®









shop our
snowmobiles









shop our
scooters











shop our
trailers









shop
aftermarket parts









shop
oem parts














sit back and relax, this is going to be easy

search
accessorize
buy
ride




search





	your adventure starts here! with over 500 new and pre-owned vehicles in-stock, discovering your new ride has never been easier:



browse our entire inventory from comfort of your device.  detailed photos and manufacturer specifications are right at your fingertips and it's easy to see pricing and calculate monthly payments.  our inventory is updated daily.
	

		not sure what ride is right for you?  our knowledgeable staff are enthusiasts just like you.  whether you call, text, or email, we're thrilled to answer your questions and offer you helpful advice and tips for finding your new ride.
	

visit our campus! spanning multiple showrooms, our inventory is on display for you to see, sit on, and ride!  that's right, not sure if you're going to like?  take a test drive and ride-it-before you buy it.
	

whether you search online, chat with us, or browse in-store, you’re bound to find your perfect new ride at engelhart motorsports.





accessorize




found your next ride? make it yours with a visit to our accessories, apparel & parts showroom. we stock a huge assortment of powersports apparel and safety gear, the latest communications equipment, and tons of perfectly-tailored accessories for your vehicle.
our parts & accessories staff can guide you in choosing the right vehicle accessories for both work and play, checking for proper fit and operation before you buy to make sure you're up and running 100% when you're ready to ride.





ready to pull the trigger? purchasing your new ride is simple and easy!
  

	we work with local lending partners to find great finance options for varying budgets and credit types. through our established lending channels, we can often work directly with your credit union, saving you time and a trip to the bank.	


	when it's time to sign on the line, we'll walk you through the purchase process with honesty and integrity, completing all necessary purchase documents so that you can concentrate on the important stuff  – your first adventure on your new ride! want to get started? simply fill out our  secure online finance application  and we'll take it from there.






ready for the fun part?  it's time to ride!
  
 first, we'll help you really get-to-know your new vehicle. we'll show you all of the controls and features, service and maintenance points, and how to perform pre-ride systems checks.  we'll give you helpful tips and advice for safe and fun operation, plus we'll go over the details about when it's time for service what your warranty covers.
wondering where to go? our enthusiast staff are happy to share great places to rides, information about local clubs and scenes, and cool new destinations to check out.
need your ride delivery to your home? local delivery is available for a nominal fee.
when it's time for service, you'll be able to drop your vehicle off out of the elements in our climate controlled service drive-through.  our factory trained technicians will care for your vehicle as if it were their own.  we're committed to doing the right work and getting back out and enjoying your vehicle as quickly as possible.









madison, wisconsin
engelhart motorsports
we are madison wisconsins headquarters for motorsports and power equipment.  just like you we ride motorcycles, atv, utv, and are snowmobile fanatics.  we first decided to share our passion for powersports with the madison area in 1968.  since then, we’ve expanded from doing business in a barn to a three showroom campus spanning over 70,000 square feet.  whether you’re here to find a new ride, get geared up for a new adventure, or to keep your current vehicle running tip-top, we’re glad you found us and we can’t wait to share our 50+ years of experience with you!  engelhart motorsports located in madison, wisconsin - near milwaukee. engelhart motorsports is the highest google rated motorsports dealer for motorcycles, atvs, utvs, snowmobiles, and scooters, serving madison wisconsin and  milwaukee.  we are near milwaukee, sun prairie, middleton, mcfarland, fitchburg, waunakee, verona, stoughton, watertown, janesville, beloit, dodgeville, mt. horeb, baraboo, reedsburg, portage, wisconsin dells, beaver dam, monroe, platteville, rockford, il, freeport, lake geneva, waukesha, racine, kenosha, oak creek, west bend, fond du lac, oshkosh, mauston, tomah, richland center, and lancaster.  we offer our lowest prices on everything for sale.  

parts department
service
						department

















contact info

1589 greenway cross
madison, wi 53713
phone: 608-274-2366
fax: 608-274-6736



quick links

new inventory
pre-owned inventory
financing
parts & accessories
service
contact us
map & hours




hours

monday closed
tuesday-friday 9am - 6pm

saturday 9am - 3pm
sunday closed












instagram
follow engelhart motorsports on instagram! (opens in new window)





facebook
like engelhart motorsports on facebook! (opens in new window)





youtube
check out the engelhart motorsports youtube channel! (opens in new window)










© 2025 dealer spike 
all rights reserved.



policy
privacy
accessibility
terms
site map




opens in new window











search

search inventory 







engelhart motorsports - madison, wi - offering new &amp; used atvs, utvs, motorcycles, snowmobiles, parts, service, and moreengelhart motorsports - madison, wi - offering new &amp; used atvs, utvs, motorcycles, snowmobiles, parts, service, and more
engelhart motorsports - madison, wi - offering new &amp; used atvs, utvs, motorcycles, snowmobiles, parts, service, and moreengelhart motorsports - madison, wi - offering new &amp; used atvs, utvs, motorcycles, snowmobiles, parts, service, and more
engelhart motorsports - madison, wi - offering new &amp; used atvs, utvs, motorcycles, snowmobiles, parts, service, and moreengelhart motorsports - madison, wi - offering new &amp; used atvs, utvs, motorcycles, snowmobiles, parts, service, and more
introducing the new powerplus family. distinctive american style. the power to roam. reserve yoursintroducing the new powerplus family. distinctive american style. the power to roam. reserve yours
honda. up to $1,500 bonus bucks on select 2024 and prior model year talons. see offer terms.honda. up to $1,500 bonus bucks on select 2024 and prior model year talons. see offer terms.
promotion of $2,000 customer cash or financing as low as 1.99% for 36 months and $0 down on select 2024 slingshot models.promotion of $2,000 customer cash or financing as low as 1.99% for 36 months and $0 down on select 2024 slingshot models.
cf moto. february sales event. financing as low as 1.99% apr* on select off-road models. cf moto. february sales event. financing as low as 1.99% apr* on select off-road models. 








previous



pause



next












































  








