





home | cahep









































































































		skip to content










 





home
who we are
what we do
programs
contact
 

contributecontribute 







 







 







main menu

 









home
who we are
what we do
programs
contact
 









 










 


facebook
 



instagram
 






enriching lives through arts and heritage education since 2005 



 







cahep 






learn more















  








 
"art is a place for children to learn to trust their ideas, themselves, and to explore what is possible."



- maryann f. kohl
















what we've been up to... 















 



community art programour community art program provides multidisciplinary and interdisciplinary arts programming to children, youth, adults, and elders/elders/seniors in partnership with under-resourced neighbourhood organizations, community groups, institutional establishments, and cultural groups in thunder bay.  







 
learn more











 



in-school programscahep’s in-school program is its signature arts education work.  for 15+ years, cahep has brought professional artists and cultural experts into classrooms across the city of thunder bay. the projects we do in our in-school program are deeply impactful and remembered fondly for years to come.  







 
learn more











 



professional development (pd)cahep supports artists financially and by providing training sessions, public lectures, and artists’ gatherings.  







 
learn more




















showing love of cahep 











 what our supporters have to say 




“as an artist, finding a job that incorporates my passion for art is difficult. working with cahep has been wonderful! they have supported me and allowed me to work as an artist. giving opportunities for artists to collaborate has been instrumental in spreading the joy of art in the city.” 



 

nate
artist












 
view letters of suport, testimonials & comments















2022-23 impact by the numbers 















participants reached15,455 







projects delivered155 







artists engaged28 







sessions601 







volunteer hours2160 







pd opportunities
291 















our impact 


















see our impact       











 



 







 



 











land acknowledgement 











the land on which cahep does its work and wherein it resides is located on the traditional territory of the ojibway people of fort william first nation, signatory to the robinson superior treaty of 1850.we acknowledge all of the first nation, métis, inuit, and non-status indigenous people who reside in this territory. cahep is committed to learning, in a spirit of reconciliation, from the many indigenous people who have a social, cultural, legal, and historical presence in northwestern ontario.we will move forward in the spirit of reconciliation and with great respect for all who live in the region. 















diversity & inclusion 











cahep supports and promotes diversity, equity, inclusion, and anti-discrimination as a part of its ongoing programming and day-to-day operations and as part of the work it does in creating and sustaining partnerships in its many community collaborations. cahep will make every effort to identify and remove barriers to inclusion, to promote diversity and equity, and, to uphold anti-discrimination, wherever and whenever possible, with its staff, contracted artists, volunteers, community partners, participants, and audience members. the latter will include the protected grounds as specified in canada and ontario’s human rights codes, i.e., age, ancestry, colour, race, citizenship, ethnic origin, place of origin, creed, disability, family status, marital status, gender identity, gender expression, sex (including pregnancy and breast feeding), sexual orientation, sexual identity, receipt of public assistance, and record of offences (unless otherwise warranted). cahep is committed to employment diversity with respect to all aspects of employment. all decisions regarding recruitment, hiring, promotion, compensation, employee development decisions, and all other terms and conditions of employment, will be made without regard to race, religious beliefs, colour, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, physical and mental disability, age, ancestry or place of origin. cahep will make every effort to make its volunteer pool, staff, and the contracted artists hired representative and reflective of the communities in which its services are provided. cahep aims to ensure that the workplace and its practices are free of deliberate or unintentional (systemic) barriers so as to increase diversity, inclusion, and equity and so as to engage in anti-discrimination practices and protocols. 










 







registered charity: 835591744rr0001
 




8a  cumberland street north, office #205, thunder bay, ontario, canada  p7a4l1   cahep.director@gmail.com
 

 

 



copyright © 2025 cahep
 












error: content is protected !!







































