


home - buccaneer 18 class association 





























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








add me to mailing listshare this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twittermember loginmenuhome new member signupbnac bnac home bnac 2025 bnac 2024 bnac 2023 bnac 2022 bnac champions racing racing home results event calendar travel check list photo albumsthe boat about the boat buccaneer 18 registry  parts (nickels) sailboatdata one-design class profile wikipedia wikiwand one-design class why i prefer the buccaneer history of production  buying a used buccaneer understanding hull ids championship of champions harken deck layout tuning guide north sails tuning guide tips and tricks classifieds  repairs & upgrades  suppliers faq  boats and sail numbers spinnaker flyingthe class blogs benefits bnac champions  social media ebuccs fleets hall of fame commodores constitution buccaneer racing rules awards national committee  fleets classified ads benefits contact us






welcome to the buccaneer 18 class association
                                     
bnac 2025 is heading to alaska!
hosted by alaska sailing club 
big lake, ak 99654  
july 8– 13, 2025


join us for the buccaneer north american championship 2025 in stunning big lake, alaska, from july 8th to 13th! whether you’re a seasoned sailor or a novice, this is your chance to experience thrilling racing and breathtaking views, including the majestic denali!


we need your details to help us plan this amazing event! boats will be provided, and family-friendly activities await! don’t miss out—send your information to bruce lee today!

 

bnac 2025 home page
make your deposit now
 why i prefer the buccaneer

of all the boats i’ve sailed, the buccaneer represents the best and most sensible design which is suitable for both day sailing and racing. while not a beginner’s boat, it is forgiving enough so that one quickly becomes comfortable with it. at the same time, it is a good enough performer so one doesn’t tire of it. 
harry sindle

the buccaneer is fun and fast. this simple sloop is a blast to sail and easy to maintain. the buccaneer class is friendly and family oriented.

key features

great class for daysailing or competitive racing
fast planing hull design
sloop rig, roller furling jib
integral spinnaker launch tube
designed in 1966 by rod macalpine-downie and dick gibbs, the buccaneer incorporates classic elements that have made this racing dinghy a consistent performer for more than 50 years.
  recent articlesrecent articles follow the buccaneer class on social media 


                                                                         

                                                                             

                                  upcoming eventsupcoming events





add me to mailing listshare this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twitterthe information available on this website, including text, part suppliers, graphics, images, and information, contained on or available through this website, is general in nature; it is not intended as naval engineering advice or a substitute for obtaining advice from a naval engineer. buccaneer class association makes no representation and assumes no responsibility for the accuracy of information contained on, or available through, this website, or its suitability for any purpose, and such information is subject to change without notice. you are encouraged to confirm any information obtained from or through this website with other sources, and review all information regarding any upgrade or repair with a certified shipwright or naval engineer.



home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









