



math 110 fall syllabus
  






















home
math 110 fall syllabus
basic algebra course description
description of mathematics
quadratic functions
worksheet 4: inverse functions
math connections: a secondary core curriculum
math 0950 practice problems for test 3
mathematical induction
course outline for math 99 abc
intermediate algebra course syllabus
negatives,mixed numbers and improper fractions
multiplying and dividing fractions and mixed numbers
learning outcomes for precalculus
quadratic equations
college algebra
solving systems of linear equations
linear equations in one variable
course syllabus for intermediate algebra
practice questions for the math algebra section
fractions and decimals
review of fundamentals
elementary algebra and geometry
contemporary mathematics
factoring
abstract algebra i exam #3
factors of a product
homework on matrices
linear algebra
rational expressions
rational expressions and rational equations
mathematics for elementary teaching ii
business math syllabus
intermediate algebra and trigonometry
linear algebra homework 1
polynomials in several variables
mathematical structures and concepts for elementar
precalculus chapter 1 quiz part i
linear inequalities in two variables
precalculus mathematics


 





math 110 fall syllabus
1. text: no formal textbook will be used but rather a software program 
called aleks
2. course description: definition of function; linear and non-linear 
functions and graphs including logarithmic and exponential functions; systems of 
linear equations; theory of polynomial equations and some optional topics. for 
details see attached topic list.
3. objectives:
 •graph a variety of basic equations using intercepts and symmetry where 
appropriate.
 •complete the square for graphing circles and parabolas.
 •graph polynomial and rational functions.
 •use function transformations.
 •use function arithmetic and composition.
 •understand functions and inverse function evaluation.
 •use the factor theorem for polynomials, and the fundamental theorem of 
algebra.
 •apply the properties of logarithms.
 •solve logarithmic and exponential equations.
 •solve systems of linear equations.
grading scale: the tentative grading scale for course 
grades is as follows:solve applied problems.
for more details see tentative schedule. a grade of c in 
this course will satisfy the core requirement for the associate degree.
4. prerequisites: a grade of c or better in mat 105 
or placement based on placement test score.
5. grading policy: your grade in math 110 will be 
determined by four factors: (a) the number of topics mastered per class or 
progress check, (b) the number of topics mastered on each of the exams four 
exams, (c) the number of passed homework quizzes, (d) # of passed attendance 
quizzes. each components % worth is below


item
percentage
variable


exam/assessment 1
3
x



		exam/assessment 2
10
y


exam/assessment 3
15
z


final exam/assessment
35
w


14 homework quizzes
14
q


progress check
14
p


attendance quizzes
9
t


total
100
 


 •grading scale: the tentative grading scale 
for course grades is as follows:


grade
%
grade
%
grade
%
grade
%


a
?93
b
83 – 85
c
73 – 75
d
63 – 65


a-
90 – 92
b-
80 – 82
c-
70 – 72
d-
60 – 62


b+
86 - 89
c+
76 - 79
d+
66 – 69
f
?59


to compute your grade, i will plug into the following 
formula: 
total % = .03(x) + .10(y) + .15 (z) +.35 (w) +.14 (q) + .14 (p) + .09 (t), 
where x = exam 1 %, y= exam 2 %, z= exam 3, w= final 
exam %, q = % of quizzes passed, t = % attendance quizzes, p 
= % progress check.
example: a student earns 150%, 105%, 75%, 83% on 
the exams, passes 10 of the 14 quizzes, or 71% of the quizzes, earned 22 out of 
25 on the attendance quizzes, and earned a 10% on the progress check. the 
student’s overall percentage is given by: 
0.03*150+0.10*105+0.15*75+0.35*83+0.14*71+0.09*88 + 10 = 83.16 %, which would 
result in grade of a b for the course.
 •exams/ assessments: students will take 
in-class exams (aleks calls them assessments) about every three to four weeks 
along with a final exam.
 o percentage of each of your exam/assessment will be 
determined by the number of topics you retain after an exam divided by the 
target number of topics for that exam. these exams will count for the above 
mentioned % of your grade. see tentative schedule for the target number of 
topics for each exam.
 o bonus %: you can score more than 100% on 
each of the three in-class assessments or exams. that means if you go ahead 
(which is easier to do in the beginning than later) you can create a little 
cushion of extra points which can be used at a later time in the semester.
 o all in-class assessments are cumulative 
(essentially you will take a final exam every time and just retain what you have 
learned up until that point which may be different for every student), but only 
the final exam is “equivalent” for all students.
 o depending on how you answer the first question on 
an exam determines what question you will get next. this is one reason you 
cannot go back to a previous question you already answered.
 o cumulative nature of assessments means every exam 
is a final exam. answer only questions you recognize. if you make mistakes on a 
particular question, you will loose the topic that the question came from and 
anything related or connected to it. exams may cause you to sometimes loose pie 
pieces (especially if you have not reviewed past materials). on the other hand 
sometimes students gain pie pieces by taking exams if they know material from 
class but have not yet mastered it on aleks.
o if you loose pie pieces on an exam the easiest way to 
gain most of what you lost (other than working on each pie piece all over again) 
is to request a practice test from your instructor, use notes and get help, and 
then answer the questions on the practice test.
 •quizzes:
 o a homework-quiz will be assigned almost weekly during the semester. 
these quizzes are directly linked to the content covered in each class. a score 
of 80% or more on a quiz constitutes passing that quiz. quizzes are worth 14% of 
your grade which will roughly be 1% per quiz.
 o the number of questions on each quiz will vary.
 o all quizzes are open notes and you can get help on it from your 
instructor.
 o you have until midnight of the due date to pass the quiz.
 o you can take a quiz unlimited number of times before it expires as 
you want to get a passing score.
 o attending class lectures will help you in passing the quizzes with 
little or no trouble.
 •attendance quizzes: on 
randomly chosen days, a 1 to 3 question quiz (time allocated about 3-5 minutes) 
will be given to you during the regular class time. each quiz will be worth 
either 1 or 0 depending on whether you can answer the questions correct or not. 
no make up attendance quizzes will be given. at the end of the semester total 
number of points you earned divided by the number of quizzes given in the 
semester is your score and will count for 9% of your grade. some classes could 
have more than one attendance quizzes.
 •progress check: on every 
friday starting the first week and ending second last week you can earn 1% for a 
specified % of mastery of the target pie pieces up to that day (see schedule 
below). for example after the first week of classes you should have mastered 6 
pie pieces and therefore on the friday of the first week if you mastered greater 
than or equal to 6 pie pieces or more, you will receive a 1% for that progress 
check. you can earn another 1% if you attain 13 pie pieces by the friday of the 
second week and so on. remember the total number of % you can earn in this 
manner by simply doing your homework is 14%. that means if you earned all of 
these % points it will raise your grade by a whole one and half letter grade. 
see the chart below to see the minimum target # of pie pieces for each progress 
check.


progress check
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14


target # of pie
6
13
20
29
35
44
52
59
61
66
71
77
80
84


minimum # of pie pieces
6
13
20
29
31
40
46
53
54
59
62
66
68
73


 •early finish: after the second 
exam, students who are finishing the course early can see the instructor for 
more details.
 •special notes:
 o i encourage everyone to try to master more than the recommended 
topics per week, especially in the first three to four weeks in which the 
material may be a little easier for most students.
 o to accomplish the recommended target rate, i anticipate that the 
average student will need to spend about 2 hours per 50 minutes of class period 
on aleks if not more (not counting assessment time). however, you are required 
to spend as much time as needed to master the required number of topics/class.
 •makeup exam policy
under extenuating circumstances a makeup exam will be considered only if
o you are passing 90% of the homework quizzes and the attendance quizzes at 
the time of the request
and
o you have contacted the instructor prior to, the day of, or the day after 
the exam.
the instructor will reserve the rights to decide which circumstances are 
extenuating case by case.
6. record keeping:
 •since there is no text book it is 
important to write down all problems that you answer along with your work in a 
separate notebook. this written work will: (a) allow you to review for in-class 
assessments (you can also use the built in review mode of aleks for additional 
review); (b) allow you to ask me informed questions about the problems; and (c) 
allow me to assess whether how you solved a problem is correct even if the 
solution provided by aleks is different than the answer you come up with.
 •it might help if you keep the 
“practice” problems and at-home assessment problems separate, as this will allow 
you to turn in the practice assessment problems to be graded without loosing 
access to your notes.
 •in all work (especially for practice 
problems and at-home assessments), the handwriting should be legible to me, and 
the steps should be easy to follow (i also recommend using a #2 pencil and an 
eraser) – the general format should conform to sample problems done in class or 
in aleks. following such guidelines will help your math writing and thinking 
abilities.
 •on the turn in work, multiple pages 
to be turned in should be stapled, or at least have your name on each page.
7. calculator policy: no graphing calculator is allowed on any 
in-class assessment or the final exam. no calculator of any kind is needed as 
there is a calculator available to you on aleks for problems that need it. 
however, if you really want to use your own calculator a scientific calculator 
would be allowed.
8. important dates:
• tue, september 2: first day of classes
• mon, nov 10: last day to drop
• thur, nov 27 – fir, nov 28 : thanksgiving recess
• mon, dec 15: last day of classes
• fri, dec 19 : final exam 1:00-3:00pm
9. office hours: remember you can come and get help 
anytime during my stated office hours. some of the times if students from my 
aleks mat courses come for help, my office hours will be held in n220 or some 
computer lab where i do not have access to telephone. i do have access to e-mail 
in these rooms. if the hours stated above are not convenient for you, please use 
e-mail, telephone or make an appointment as other options for getting hold of 
me. however, i have open door policy for office hours. that means if you are in 
school and come to my office even though it is not one of my stated office hours 
and my office door is open, you are welcome to stop by. you do not have to worry 
if you are bothering me or if i have time. the only times my office door will be 
shut if i am busy, in a meeting, in a class, or out of office.
10. uw colleges assessment
a uw colleges-wide assessment program has been put into place to enhance the 
quality and effectiveness of the curriculum, programs, and services of the 
institution. the following areas of proficiency will be assessed because they 
are of primary importance in the education of our students: analytical skills, 
quantitative skills, communication skills, and aesthetic engagement. during the 
2008-2009 school year, we will focus on the quantitative skills proficiency. the 
mathematics department has also determined a number of core proficiencies for 
students enrolled in mathematics classes, including solving equations, setting 
up and solving applied problems, simplifying and evaluating expressions, and 
graphing-related questions. some or all of these skill areas may be incorporated 
into the department assessment exercises this year.
11. final notes:
 •know the material is sometimes 
difficult and some students have trouble following what i'm doing at the board 
at times. please let me know when this occurs so that i can address it. please 
do not get vocally upset about it during class time. pouting or venting is 
usually a healthy reaction to stress, but it is not appropriate in class and can 
be disruptive to other student's learning.
 •if you are a student with a disability 
or special needs, feel free to come and talk to me.
 •if you need help on anything, i am 
readily available. do not hesitate to get help.
 •this is a relatively new program and 
it is frequently updated. the updates can make new features available to you and 
the instructor in the middle of the semester. delivering classes using this 
product is relatively new at uw-waukesha. largely for this reason, keep the 
following in mind: (a) changes to the topic list and grading policy (and other 
aspects of this course related to aleks) may occur; and (b) in-class or at-home 
work may not always go smoothly – please be patient with me and the software and 
try to be flexible as the school, you, and i all adjust to aleks
you have the option of finishing the course early. you 
would need to demonstrate mastery of all 84 topics on two consecutive in-class 
assessments. ask me for details.
12. final warnings:
 •regarding the “cumulative” nature of 
assessments, please keep in mind that you may master a topic in one assessment 
and fail it in the next, so that it then counts as “not mastered” and affects 
the second assessment score. thus, regular reviewing will be necessary
 •please take special note of the third 
in-class assessment which will test you on 76 topics (which is about 91% of the 
course). this assessment is almost the same size as the final exam and may 
require extra preparation time.
aleks information
general information regarding aleks in mat 110:
 •the software is not intended to 
take the place of classroom instruction or office help: there will be regular 
class meetings and office hours. regular class attendance is mandatory. in 
class, i will answer questions and provide explanations of some topics, and you 
will take daily homework quizzes in aleks for points.
 •aleks essentially provides two modes: 
“learning” and “assessment.”
 •in the learning mode you choose a 
topic that you are ready to learn and must correctly answer four or five 
problems to demonstrate mastery of that topic. that topic is then included in an 
aleks pie chart that shows your current knowledge state with regard to the 
course topics. aleks then makes subsequent topics available for you to work on 
in this mode.
 •assessment mode provides feedback to 
you and me regarding accumulated knowledge/skills. “assessments” are exams of 
15-25 open-ended questions (not multiple choice). assessments are scheduled 
about every three weeks and are cumulative and individualized to determine which 
of the 68 topics in the syllabus you have mastery of at that time. your may gain 
or lose topics from your aleks pie chart during an assessment. in addition to 
scheduled assessments, aleks will automatically give you practice assessments 
after spending a certain amount of time or earning a certain number of pie 
pieces in the learning mode.
 •as an instructor, i have access to all 
of your activity on aleks including the number of hours spent on aleks, the 
number of topics you have mastered, your assessment results and more.
 •there are a total of 84 topics/items 
in the aleks college algebra curriculum.
the pre-test (or initial assessment):
 •in the first class and after the 
tutorial on using aleks, you will be given an initial assessment that will 
determine your current state of knowledge in college algebra. please take this 
assessment seriously; that is, try your best to answer each question correctly 
and by yourself, in order to accurately determine for aleks where your new 
learning should begin.
 •if you are completely unfamiliar with 
a question, then click on the “i don't know” button and aleks will continue 
asking questions on other topics. if you pass on problems that are solvable with 
some effort, then aleks will conclude that you know less than you actually do 
and make you study topics you already know. this will leave you less time for 
later course material. alternatively, if you get help from a text or others, 
aleks will conclude that you know more than you actually do and will give you 
problems that are too difficult. this can be frustrating and may actually cost 
you more time when the next in-class assessment sends you back to repeat topics.
 •once you complete the initial-test, 
you will begin work in the learning mode on your course material for college 
algebra.
classroom etiquettes
 •most students do not need this 
section. however, there have been some exceptions over the years that have 
disrupted class and students' understanding of the material. so please follow 
the following guidelines:
 •all cellular phones, beepers, and 
electronic gadgets that could disrupt class should be in sleep mode or off while 
class is in session. if one is accidentally turned on or must be kept on for 
emergencies, please leave the classroom to respond or turn it off immediately.
 •do not talk to a classmate during 
class while i am trying to explain something. this is mainly for non-math talk, 
but even math talk should not occur while i am talking. other students who have 
paid to learn in the course may be distracted by your conversation, and at times 
i also can become distracted. i am also concerned that you yourself might be 
missing some important information at the board. at any point if you do not 
understand the material or have questions, don't hesitate to ask questions. 
raise your hand and i can address your question.
 •i know the material is sometimes 
difficult and some students have trouble following what i'm doing at the board 
at times. please let me know when this occurs so that i can address it. please 
do not get vocally upset about it during class time. pouting or venting is 
usually a healthy reaction to stress, but it is not appropriate in class and can 
be disruptive to other student's learning.
 •please recycle all the plastic 
bottles, aluminum cans, and paper. i respectfully ask that you do not throw 
these items in the classroom garbage. there are several places on campus where 
the recycle bins are located. if you do not have the time to find such a bin, i 
will recycle it for you. this is something we can do to try to help the 
environment we live in.
tentative schedule
the coverage of topics in the course will be in the order 
below for the most part unless the average class progress requires us to make 
changes. after each aleks assessment, you may have to go back and re-earn 
earlier topics (in the learning mode) that you might lose in order to access the 
topics as scheduled below. if we run out of time the boldfaced items will be 
treated as optional.


week
 
topics to be covered in each week


1
q1 (topics 1 – 7), due sep 10 
		yellow pie pieces
1. set builder and 
		interval notation 
		2. union and intersection of sets 
		3. introduction to functions: notation and graphs 
		4. domain and range: problem type 1 
		5. domain and range: problem type 2 
		6. the vertical line test


2
assign a practice assessment q2 
		(topics 8-13), due sep 17 yellow pie pieces
7. even and odd 
		functions 
		8. sum, difference, and product of two functions 
		9. quotient of two functions 
		10. vertical translation of a graph of a function 
		11. vertical and horizontal translations of the graph of a function 
		12. piecewise-defined functions 
		13. composition of two functions: domain and range


3
q3 (topics 12-16) due sep 24 q4 
		(topics 17-22) due oct 1 yellow and blue pie pieces
repeat #13 
		14. composition of two functions: basic 
		15. composition of two functions: advanced 
		16. horizontal line test 
		17. finding the inverse of a linear function 
		18. finding the inverse of a rational function 
		19. finding the roots of a quadratic equation with leading coefficient 1
		
		20. finding the roots of a quadratic equation with leading coefficient 
		greater than 1


4
in-class test i based on ~ 25 
		topics (or 30% of the course). q5 (topics 23-30) due oct 8 blue pie 
		pieces
21. completing the 
		squares 
		22. solving a quadratic equation using the quadratic formula 
		23. discriminant of a quadratic equation 
		24. word problems on quadratic equations with rational roots 
		25. word problem on quadratic equations with irrational roots 
		26. solving a quadratic equation needing simplification 
		27. graphing a parabola: problem type 1 
		28. graphing a parabola: problem type 2 
		29. graphing a parabola: problem type 3


5
q6 (topics 31-36) due oct 15 blue 
		pie pieces
30. solving a quadratic 
		inequality 
		31. graphing a quadratic inequality 
		32. polynomial long division: linear divisor 
		33. polynomial long division: quadratic divisor 
		34. synthetic division 
		35. remainder theorem


6
q7 (topics 37-41) due oct 22 blue 
		pie pieces
36. solving equations 
		written in factored form 
		37. finding a polynomial of a given degree with given zeros 
		38. using a given zero to write a polynomial as a product of linear 
		terms 
		39. finding all potential zeros of a polynomial given by the rational 
		zeros theorem 
		40. using the rational zeros theorem to find zeros of a polynomial 
		41. solving a word problem involving a polynomial of degree 3 
		42. addition and subtraction of complex numbers 
		43. multiplication of complex numbers 
		44. division of complex numbers


7
assign practice assessment for 
		in-class exam ii. 
		q8 (topics 42-49) due oct 29 blue pie pieces
45. powers of i 
		46. complex solutions of a quadratic equation 
		47. n-zeros theorem and conjugate zeros theorem 
		48. using the conjugate zeros theorem to find all zeros of a polynomial
		
		49. solving a word problem by finding a local extrema of a polynomial 
		function 
		50. inferring properties of a polynomial function from its graph 
		51. sketching a rational function: problem type 1 
		52. sketching the graph of a rational function: problem type 2


8
in-class assessment ii based on 
		~55 goal topics (or 67% of the course in non-readiness items).. q9 
		(topics 50-55) due nov 5 blue and purple pie pieces
53. choosing the form of 
		a rational function given its graph 
		54. exponential and logarithmic equations 
		55. evaluating a logarithmic expression 
		56. basic properties of logarithms 
		57. change of base for logarithms 
		58. solving a logarithmic equation: problem type 1 
		59. solving a logarithmic equation: problem type 2


9
q10 (topics 56-60) due nov 12 
		purple pie pieces
review for exam 
		60. solving an exponential equation: problem type 1 
		61. solving an exponential equation: problem type 2


10
q11(topics 61-65) due nov 19 
		purple pie pieces
62. solving a word 
		problem with exponential equation: problem type 1
		63. solving a word problem with exponential equation: problem type 2
		64. solving a word problem using an exponential equation: problem type 3
		65. sketching the graph of an exponential function: basic
		66. sketching the graph of an exponential function: advanced


11
q12(topics 66-72) due nov 26 
		assign practice assessment for in-class exam iii and review for this 
		assessment
purple and red pie pieces
67. sketching the graph 
		of a logarithmic function 
		68. translating the graph of a logarithmic or exponential function 
		69. graph of a parabola 
		70. finding focus of a parabola 
		71. writing equation of parabola given vertex and focus.


12
q13 (topics 73-79) due dec 3 red 
		pie pieces in-class assessment iii based on ~76 goal topics (or 91% of 
		the course in non-readiness items).
72. graphing a circle 
		given its equation in standard form 
		73. graph of a circle 
		74. writing the equation of a circle given the center and an arbitrary 
		point 
		75. writing the equation of a circle given the endpoints of a diameter
 76. graph of an ellipse written in standard form 
		77. graph of an ellipse with an arbitrary center


13
q14 (topics 80-84) due dec 9 red 
		and orange pie pieces
78. graph of a hyperbola 
		written in standard form 
		79. graph of a hyperbola with an arbitrary center 
		80. classifying conics given their equations


14
 
81. classifying a system 
		of linear equations 
		82. solving a system of linear equations 
		83. consistency and independence of a system of linear equations 
		84. solving system of non-linear equations


15
first attempt on final exam
review for final


16
final exam
 



math help at excel high school online.











 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 32 33 34 35 36 37 38  
 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43  
