





pangaea project





































































 







































passionate about nature


home
projects

archive

black forest young explorers
bergerleben – hiking for integration
brazil tree planting

blogs


shark protection in south africa
serbia ecocamp

blogs


recycled mississippi
plastic bottle kayak | new zealand
know to protect | peru
serbia act project
south africa school project

blogs


geberit project south africa
baltica project




blog
about us

team
publications
faq


become a member
contact us
 
















become part of the pangaea family
join a group of enthusiastic young people with a passion for the outdoors and nature protection
read more 









black forest camps
together with 'abenteuerschwarzwald' we organize a unique nature camp in the black forest! blogs, photos and videos can be found here.
read more 









agroforestry project bahia
we went to breathtaking bahia to plant trees in the native rainforest and raise awareness for sustainable agriculture
read more 









pangaea ecocamps in serbia
the pangaea project travelled to tara national park where we took teenagers into the outdoors
read more 













young explorers blog










the whirlwind of working with refugees in bekaa valley

blogg, project
by shaya laughlin from bekaa valley, lebanon walking through a refugee tent settlement in lebanon’s bekaa valley brings mixed feelings. on one side, there is the misery and the despair. families living in severe poverty, crammed in rudimentary tents made of canvas and plastic. the outrage that the syrian civil war continues after eight years. […]

read more 









the young explorers program in the black forest

allgemein
the young explorers program in the black forest is a project which was inspired by mike horn’s pangaea project over four years ago. over the past years, we have set up a network of over 60 young and likeminded people who share a passion for nature and the environment.     our idea was to […]

read more 









a baby in the backpack

allgemein
if you find yourself in the strange age right after your whole education has ended, you have worked for several years and have a trusted partner (or maybe not entirely) and a large family that will be soon expecting from you to grant them with a heir… well, it is basically what happens to everyone […]

read more 









the man europe doesn’t want

allgemein
nothing could have prepared me for my first food distribution at the largest refugees and migrants camp in serbia. one by one, hundreds of men lined up for a plate of hot food which we had cooked that morning. it was march and the cold was just as bitter inside the lunch room as outside. […]

read more 









living on earth and building with earth

allgemein
human beings live on the planet since several millions of years and have learnt to adapt to the environment, to live on earth and to create shelters for protection, intimacy, family. in all regions of the world, humans have created typical and local architectures called vernacular, responding to the direct environment and to the elements […]

read more 









about us we are passionate about protecting the natural environment, adventure, the outdoors, and social inclusion! 


 













services

contact
disclaimer
privacy statement








get connected 
 












							copyright 2020 pangaea project						



designed by wplook
























