






a totally cool travelling blog - my blog about travelling












































skip to content



a totally cool travelling blog
my blog about travelling








moving abroad 

why you should
move abroad at least once in your life 
whether it’s for an exchange semester or you got a thrilling job
offer abroad, there’s no reason why you shouldn’t make the move and get out of
your little comfortable bubble. moving abroad changes you forever. it might not
always be the perfect experience you were looking for, but it’ll definitely teach
you a valuable life lesson or two. so what are you waiting for? 
the first time i moved abroad, i was going to the us for one whole
year to be an au pair. i was terrified. one year was a really long time back
then and i was regretting it as soon as i stepped on the plane. what have i
done? i thought multiple times. what if this happens, what if that happens,
etc. i was already destroying it for myself before i had even given it a
chance. so when i finally landed in san francisco and i allowed myself to just
be excited about it, things quickly changed for the better. it’s not too shabby
to live in one of the most amazing cities in the world. 
it’s also good to note that i have lived in way less popular and
smaller cities such as cluj-napoca in romania and it was just as exciting as
san francisco. so it really doesn’t matter where you move, it’s about you
taking the risk and allowing yourself to have fun with it. moving abroad made
me much more independent because i didn’t have my family or closest friends to
rely on anymore. i had to do it all by myself. it was challenging and
frustrating at times, but boy did i learn a lot. when we are faced with a
situation where we just have to do it, we will do it. moving abroad also helped
me put things into perspective. you appreciate the things you have at home so
much more, which is a really good thing. 
even though you’re far away from everyone you know, you’ll get to
meet so many new people that’ll become your family. you might even befriend a
few people you wouldn’t normally hang out with at home (let’s be honest here).
some of my best friends, i met while studying or working abroad. but don’t get
me wrong – there were many moments when i felt lonely. especially in the
beginning. but i learned how to deal with it, i even started to enjoy it and it
wasn’t as bad as i imagined it to be. it was just all part of the process. 
so besides getting the chance to see something outside of your hometown, you also gain valuable lessons, friends for life, a new home, and you become more independent. you might even want to permanently move abroad.

we would like to thank our friends at meriden carpet cleaning. they helped to  make this post possible.  if you want a commercial carpet cleaner to do your job with the best possible outcome, then we are the company to call.
 

author  adminposted on december 11, 2019january 6, 2021 



travelling while underfunded 

what to do when
you have no money but want to travel 
we’ve all been in this horrible situation where we feel like we don’t
have any money to travel for but we desperately want to. we look at everyone
else’s instagram photos and we long to be where they are too. but did you know
that you can actually travel with very little money? it is possible! although
your trip won’t consist of 5 star hotels perhaps, you’ll still be able to
fulfill your dream and travel. and in the end, that’s what you’ll remember, not
where you rested your head for the night, but all the sights you’ve seen and
all the people you’ve met are what’s going to make your trip worthwhile. so
let’s take a look at how you can travel with little money (because let’s be
honest, there’s no way that your bank account is at zero). 
couchsurfing 
the first step is to sign up on couchsurfing. it’s a popular website
where you can host travelers and also be hosted. let’s say you’re going to new
york and don’t want to pay accommodation – then you go on couchsurfing to find
a host! do remember that most people who are on this site doesn’t just see it
as a way to get free stays. it’s a community that brings together travelers and
it’s a way to give back to people. your hosts will most likely want to get to
know you as well and maybe even spend the day with you and show you around. so
be respectful, kind and thankful to your host who invites you into their home
for free. 
grab all the
free food you can! 
if you’re staying at hostels, you’ll most likely see a bin that says
“free food”. it’s usually leftover food that other travelers has left because
they can’t bring it with them or for some other reasons (do check the expiry
date!). but what’s good about it is that you can grab whatever is there, cook a
meal and voila! you’ve saved money. even if you can’t find free food, try to
cook as much yourself and avoid eating out! that’ll most definitely make your
wallet slimmer (that is, if you’re not in southeast asia because sometimes it’s
even cheaper to eat out). 
walk, walk and
walk! 
get your energy going by walking! don’t rely on public transportation
too much. you can save a lot of money by walking instead of always catching the
bus or subway for example. besides, it’s so much nicer to walk around when
you’re somewhere new. this way, you’ll get to discover neighborhoods you’d just
pass by with the bus. perhaps you’ll even find your new favorite cafe along the
way! so walk, burn some calories and sightsee at the same time. 
don’t party so
much 
i know, this one’s hard for all you party people, but drinking alcohol and partying tons won’t exactly make you richer. imagine if you skip one night of going out, you’d have saved at least 10-50$, depending on where you are (and how hard you party!). so if you’re on a really tight budget, try to skip the parties or just have a beer and then go home. you can party at home as well.

microblading nyc sponsored this post.  the best microblading salon in new york city.
 

author  adminposted on september 9, 2019january 6, 2021 



staying healthy while you travel. 

why you’re
gaining weight while traveling 
it’s not uncommon to come home from a trip and feel like you’ve
gained a bit of extra weight. almost everyone does it, if you’re not very
careful with what you eat and you try to exercise daily. but to be honest- who
has the time to do so when all you want is to eat that pizza, down a few
cocktails and lay on the pool all day long? 
but still, if it bothers you that you always seem to be gaining
weight when you’re traveling, here’s a few reasons why. 
you overeat 
“treat yourself” is something you constantly think when you’re on
vacation, so you order that extra side dish, you eat ice cream every evening
and you love trying all the new snacks. but before you know it, you’ve gained
those extra vacation kilos that you were trying to avoid. it’s easy to overeat
when you’re on vacation, but if you want to avoid gaining weight, you have to
start thinking about what you’re ordering. you should definitely treat
yourself, but perhaps not do it every day. instead, make a plan and decide to
perhaps order whatever you want to once or twice per week instead of every day.
just that small change will make a big difference. 
you’re stressed

stress is a huge factor to why you gain weight and most people who
are traveling has felt stress at some point when they’re on the road. stress
wreaks havoc in your metabolism. stress may cause your body to burn less of the
fat you’re eating, so aim to include some healthy fat in your meal. try to 
you don’t drink
enough of water 
when you’re on vacation, it’s easy to forget to drink enough water.
this might result in you overeating. there’s many times when we feel hungry,
but what we’re missing is water. hunger can mask dehydration. so make sure that
you hydrate, always bring a bottle of water with you and remember to drink,
drink and drink! especially if you’re in a tropical country where you’re always
exposed to the sun. 
you drink a lot
of alcohol 
who doesn’t love to party when we’re abroad? especially when the alcohol is so much cheaper than at home and you can buy as much cocktails and beers as you want to without breaking the bank. but alcohol contains a lot of sugar, so you’ll definitely gain weight if you keep drinking every day. if you’re going to keep drinking a lot, make sure that you at least try to exercise, or give your body a few breaks from alcohol from time to time. you don’t always have to drink alcohol just because it’s cheap. there are other ways to have fun as well! 

jacksonville roofing company made this post happen.  a big thank you to them.  https://www.jax-roofing.com
 

author  adminposted on july 24, 2019january 6, 2021 



what to see in berlin 

 

the most
touristy things to see in berlin 
most people are trying to get away from doing the most tourist things
in place. people want “authenticity”, they want to find the hidden gems and
they want to be the people who’ve found the places where there are no tourists.
but people also forget that the places that are frequently visited by tourists
usually are important landmarks that has made the place to what it is. so when
i visited berlin, i knew i wanted to go to the most touristy spots in the city
because i was genuinely interested in seeing all the main attractions. and i’m
so happy i did! because it showed me that berlin is quite a beauty. here are
the three most touristy places you must visit when you’re in berlin. 
brandenburger
tor
perhaps the most iconic spot in berlin, the brandenburg tor (or
brandenburg gate in english) is a military monument that symbolizes peace and
unity. it is here where berliners gathered to celebrate the fall of the wall.
the gate stands for reunification of east and west germany in 1990. although it
got heavily damaged during the second world war, it withstood it and is still
standing strong. close to the brandenburger tor is the memorial for the jewish
who were killed during the war. 
berliner dom 
the berliner dom is located in the heart of the city in mitte,
surrounded by other iconic monuments. it’s an evangelical church that dates
back to the middle of the 14th century, but was only completed in 1905. the
church got damaged during the second world war but reopened again in 1993. the
berliner dom nowadays also serves as a venue for concerts and readings – yes,
that’s right! it’s never been a traditional church in any sense, and perhaps
that’s what makes it such a fascinating place to visit. besides, it’s an icon
for berlin and one that’s pretty hard to avoid seeing. it’s massive! and
there’s a park just in front of the church where both locals and foreigners
alike sit and relax after a day of walking around berlin. 
east side
gallery wall 
the east side gallery wall is located a bit outside of the first two sights, but you could walk it if you feel like you’re up for the challenge (it’s about a 40 min walk) or you could take the metro or bus. it’s the world’s longest open air airt gallery and is a remaining piece of the berlin wall. what’s now filled with colorful graffiti used to be grey. it was the most visible symbol of germany’s partition into two separate states. but when the wall fell, artists from 21 different countries went to berlin to turn a section of the wall into a celebration of art and freedom. nowadays, travelers love to walk around the wall and look at all the art that’s displayed here for free. it’s a beautiful reminder of what has happened in the past and how the berliners has moved forward from it. even if you’re not a big fan of art, it’s still an incredibly important place to visit. it’s touristy – that’s for sure – and it’s great. 



 

author  adminposted on july 13, 2019january 6, 2021 







search for:


search

  recent posts 

moving abroad


travelling while underfunded


staying healthy while you travel.


what to see in berlin


archives 
december 2019
september 2019
july 2019

categories 
travel


meta 
log in
entries rss
comments rss
wordpress.org 
 



a totally cool travelling blog
privacy policy 
					proudly powered by wordpress				












