



 



 























































rss
twitter
facebook
instagram










homego to homepage
city council

agendas & minutes
contact city council
municipal elections


city departments

administrative services department
community development department

kemmerer comprehensive plan


police department
public works department
recreation and events department
south lincoln training & events center


calendar
residents

citizen notification system
city code
pay bills online
permits
public notices


visitors

fossil butte national monument
fossil island golf course
wyoming tourism


jobs & bids

employment, bids/rfps, and volunteers
public information request










 




 welcome to the city of kemmerer 

 
welcome to the city of kemmerer wyoming website! kemmerer is located in southwest wyoming and is the county seat for lincoln county.
kemmerer has over a 100-year history that is steeped in rich stories and journeys including coal mining, railroads, bootlegging and the historic trails. the city of kemmerer was a town that was organized in 1897, incorporated in 1899, by patrick quealy. patrick quealy and his partner and investor, mahlon kemmerer began their partnership in the development of coal mines in frontier, a company town, and in kemmerer, an independent town, both co-located in uinta county, one of the five original counties in wyoming.   these two towns had a multitude of underground coalmines. from the late 1890’s until the 1960’s, there were active mines throughout the region.
mines in this area stretched from cumberland south near the carter cutoff (sh412) and north to sublet and west to cokeville. this coal mining boom produced coal towns such as cumberland south, cumberland no. 1, cumberland no. 2, blazon, glencoe, hams fork, sublet, gomer, suzie, frontier, diamondville, elkol, and, of course, kemmerer. most of these towns no longer exist. however, a number of cemeteries still remain. this entire south lincoln county area was active in coal mining due to the construction of the oregon short line railroad that still runs from the union pacific mainline along i-80 to the oregon shores. if the railroad did not exist or was not built, the coal could not have been moved efficiently throughout the west and limited its worth.
in 1911, kemmerer and frontier were incorporated into lincoln county. the kemmerer and quealy partnership brought to this region the kemmerer coal company (the mine properties are still in operation today by westmoreland kemmerer) as well as the towns of frontier and kemmerer. mr. quealy, who lived in the area full-time, owned frontier supply company and uinta improvement company, became president of the first national bank of kemmerer, quealy sheep and live stock company and wyoming timber company along with various other companies in the area. prior to mr. quealy’s work in kemmerer coal company, he was employed by the union pacific coal company and worked to find, mine and ship coal for the union pacific railroad. he actively worked in coalmines since 1884. he became very familiar with this area and began his ambitious plan to mine coal within the region.
around the unique herschler triangle park are located the remaining 100 plus year old buildings from kemmerer’s heyday. included is the 2nd jc penney store (when mr. penney was in business with partners) and called the store the golden rule store, the “mother” store for jc penney that has been in operation since 1929 as well as the j. c. penney house where mr. penney lived with his wife and children and it remains open for tours to the public during the warmer months of the year.
 

upcoming public meetings
city council meeting – monday, september 9, 2024 – based on public input and direction from the kemmerer city council and staff, the following revisions are being proposed for the snow policy.  these changes will be reviewed at the sept 9th, 2024 (and possibly sept 23rd) city council meetings and your suggestions are encouraged.snow policy revisions august 26 2024
zoning board meeting, tuesday, september 17, 2024 – 
city council meeting – monday, september 23, 2024 – 
attention!
kemmerer-diamondville water and wastewater joint powers board (kdwwjpb) is moving to a new location!!new physical address: 1004 elk streetkemmerer, wy 83101mailing address: p o box 1020kemmerer, wy 83101phone number: 307-877-2261
the kdwwjpb will have a drop box for payments outside of their new physical address. kdwwjpb will not be able to accept payments for the city of kemmerer as of 9/27/2024.
the city of kemmerer will keep their drop box for payments on ridley’s sidewalk. the city of kemmerer will not be able to accept payments to the kdwwjpb as of 9/27/2024.
what does this mean for kemmerer residents?

you will now get a bill from the kdwwjpb for your monthly water and sewer billing. you will need to make payment for your water and sewer services to kdwwjpb.
your city of kemmerer bill will be for your sanitation billing only. you will need to make payment for your sanitation services to the city of kemmerer.
you will no longer pay the city of kemmerer for your water and wastewater services. payment for water and wastewater services will need to be made to the kdwwjpb. the city of kemmerer will no longer be able to accept payment for water and wastewater services.
if you have an autopayment set up through the city of kemmerer website, only your sanitation services will pull through the autopayment system.
to set up autopayment through the kdwwjpb for your water and wastewater payments please visit xpressbillpay.com to set up a new account.

what does this mean for diamondville residents?

you will now get a bill from the kdwwjpb for your monthly water and sewer billing. you will need to make payment for your water and sewer services to kdwwjpb.
you will no longer pay the city of kemmerer for your water and wastewater services. payment for water and wastewater services will need to be made to the kdwwjpb. the city of kemmerer will no longer be able to accept payment for water and wastewater services.
if you have an autopayment set up through the city of kemmerer website, you will need to logon to your account and deactivate your account.
to set up autopayment through the kdwwjpb for your water and wastewater payments please visit xpressbillpay.com to set up a new account.



 




 



                     copyright © city of kemmerer. all rights reserved                    
                

top 
home
administrator’s corner


























