






get started with your telecommunications service provider!


































































the maynard group



home



products
unified communications and phone
contact center
sms texting solution for business
conferencing and collaboration solutions
phones, headsets, and overhead paging
door intercoms and access control solutions
internet
networking, sd-wan, firewall, wifi
cybersecurity
analytics and accountability
cabling and fiber
e911
mass communication system



services
service, support and repair
monitoring
telecom auditing



industries
hospitality
restaurant
delivery, takeout, pizza
retail
healthcare
transportation
auto
law firm



about 
blog
mission
customers
community
associations and accolades
the advantages of working with us
privacy policy
terms and conditions


contact















home/
products/unified communications and phonecontact centersms texting solution for businessconferencing and collaboration solutionsphones, headsets, and overhead pagingdoor intercoms and access control solutionsinternetnetworking, sd-wan, firewall, wificybersecurityanalytics and accountabilitycabling and fibere911mass communication system
services/service, support and repairmonitoringtelecom auditing
industries/hospitalityrestaurantdelivery, takeout, pizzaretailhealthcaretransportationautolaw firm
about /blogmissioncustomerscommunityassociations and accoladesthe advantages of working with usprivacy policyterms and conditions
contact/















the latest communications technology—delivered with a personal touch.




custom telecom solutions for reaching your best outcomes
call us today to find out how to make your business better with the latest communications technology—delivered with a personal touch.











home/
products/unified communications and phonecontact centersms texting solution for businessconferencing and collaboration solutionsphones, headsets, and overhead pagingdoor intercoms and access control solutionsinternetnetworking, sd-wan, firewall, wificybersecurityanalytics and accountabilitycabling and fibere911mass communication system
services/service, support and repairmonitoringtelecom auditing
industries/hospitalityrestaurantdelivery, takeout, pizzaretailhealthcaretransportationautolaw firm
about /blogmissioncustomerscommunityassociations and accoladesthe advantages of working with usprivacy policyterms and conditions
contact/













over 30 years of helping you communicate.  better.





 

thanks for landing here! we’d love to begin a conversation with you and show you a better approach to meeting your it and communications needs. we’ll bring you an array of unified technologies to help drive your business to greater success⁠—all backed by professional, caring support—and surprisingly aligned with your budget.as your single point of contact we work every day to win your appreciation and trust. we end the hassles of managing multiple vendors and the confusion in selecting the right products. reducing technology management to one phone call saves you time and money. we started in northern california over 30 years ago and now support customers nationwide. our portfolio of the best network and telephony providers in the industry includes at&t, avaya, cisco, meraki, mitel, nec, poly, and zoom. our experienced staff delivers excellence in the design, engineering and maintenance of internet, wifi, cloud technologies, voip, contact centers, telephone systems, unified communications, cybersecurity, surveillance, multi factor authentication, remote monitoring, and much more. when was the last time your business had a complete technology review?  contact us today to discover how unified technologies can tie everything together for you, improve the experience for your customers and your team as well, and reduce costs at the same time.

 

phone and communications















help your team work smarter, anywhere on any device, with the best unified communications tools designed around the needs of your organization.  we offer telecom solutions to boost productivity, reduce costs and simplify system management, including:cloud and premises-based optionschoice of endpoints including desk phones, wireless and mobile phones and byodcentralized voice mail, instant messaging, sms text and faxcollaboration and presencevideo conferencinglearn more ›



internet and mobility















support your business growth and improve efficiency with reliable, fast internet connections.  we offer internet products from several major providers, such as at&t and comcast, to meet the demanding needs of today’s fast paced and changing environments.  contact us today for information on how high speed internet can help your business move faster.  we will provide competitive options from multiple providers and possibly uncover ways to reduce costs.  our solutions include:internet speeds up to 10gbfiber, wireless, coax, and copper connectivity optionsenterprise and small business internet productsat&t, comcast, etheric, level 3, x/o, plus others, all from one sourcelearn more ›



networking, wifi, infrastructure















ensure a top-performing computer network with robust infrastructure.  we offer design, implementation, service, and support for local and wide area networking, from small business networks to complex multi-site wide area networks.  our experts can handle all of the system details to make sure that you have fast, high-capacity ip connectivity for all your systems, fully optimized for your needs.  we can combine multiple functions, such as voice, internet, video, and computer applications onto a single network, while ensuring optimal performance of all systems and eliminating worry and hassle for you.  our solutions include:routersfirewall and securityswitchingwififiber opticvoice and data cablingserver room racks and support hardwarelearn more › 



technology partners























































 


 






 





