




















dentist in sacramento, ca | east sac dental






























































 
















east sac dental




 (916) 452-7874
  1273 32nd street sacramento, ca 95816  








menu

home
about
new patients

insurance
scheduling
child’s first visit


payment

fees and payments
pay online


services
eco-friendly office
contact
schedule appointment

new patients
existing patients


 












experienced family and cosmetic dentistry  in the heart of east sac  

schedule your appointment
 new patients 
 existing patients 




call us: (916) 452-7874
get directions

new patient appointment
existing patient appointment














welcome to east sac dental

/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/east-sac-dental-final.mp4.m4v
when you visit east sac dental, your smile is our top priority. our entire team is dedicated to providing you with the personalized, gentle care that you deserve.
at east sac dental you will experience all that modern dentistry has to offer, including a comprehensive list of general, restorative and cosmetic dental services to meet the needs of the whole family. our goal is to assist each patient in achieving and maintaining long term dental health and a beautiful smile.
if you are looking to brighten and enhance your smile, please don’t hesitate to contact us today at (916) 452-7874!






new patient
when you are new to our office, we put in the effort to provide you with a positive and comforting experience. once you have been with us for a while, you can continue to expect the highest level of service. we focus on providing quality dental care, excellent customer service, and a relaxing environment to maintain a lasting patient relationship.
 request an appointment 









 teeth whitening 

a common request we receive is how to make a smile whiter and brighter. this is a relatively simple and quick treatment option that can be performed periodically. certain foods and beverages, such as wine and coffee, stain the teeth and contribute to discoloration. the teeth whitening process provides a solution that lightens the shade of the teeth. additionally, the process actually rids the teeth of plaque and tartar that tend to lead to dental problems.

 read more 









 cleanings & exams 

having a dental practice perform a checkup and regular cleaning gives a preventive approach to dental care. these general dentistry treatments help prevent problems with your teeth, gums and jaw bones, or they catch and manage problems before they worsen.  during your visit, our doctors will take a picture of the current standing of your dental health and what would be needed to keep your oral hygiene in its best state.

 read more 









 dental crowns 

dental crowns are permanent prosthetics that cover a damaged tooth. a dentist might use them in place of a large filling or when a tooth is weak or fractured. 
we might recommend crowns if your teeth are weak, damaged or cracked to the point that they cannot be fixed with alternative treatments. while you might have pain and difficulty eating with a current tooth problem, a crown provides a strong new tooth that will diminish your discomfort.
during your appointment, we will determine the crown options that’s best for you. 

 read more 








get in touch
our team is devoted to providing you with an enchanting smile that will leave you with a lifetime of beautiful, radiant smiles. please contact us today to see what magical treatment we have that best suits your dental needs.
 contact us 








							our doctors						






							new patients						





what our patients say




my first dentist growing up, traumatized for life. he was absolutely awful. as an adult i have found some
of the best dentist offices. east sac dental has by far been the best dental office ever!!!! everyone is amazing! i have recommended multiple friends to them and will always recommend them!! they are absolutely fabulous!!
tracey hawkins


i have been going to east sacramento dental for 22 years! when i started going, my sons were little boys and now they are adults. anytime, i go in for my cleaning the hygienist and dentist both ask how the boys are doing. they are professional, courteous, caring and make you feel like you are a part of the family. i am so grateful for all the years 22 to be exact...of teaching my sons about their dental care that has carried on with them. for caring for my mom who needed care last year and who has been such a wonderful part of our families healthcare journey! forever grateful!
julie thompson


dr. dunn & the staff of east sac dental are simply outstanding!  i've been going here for a few years now & i recommend their practice to others all the time. professional, thoughtful yet expedient & an exceptionally clean & calming facility.
danielle c


another great experience at east sac dental. kelly was my hygienist, and dr. said was the dentist who consulted. first time that i met her, and she was so knowledgeable about a medical condition that i have that it was actually amazing. very professional and great advice.
don morath


love east sac dental ! dr. dunn is very personable and definitely cares about his patients. leslie and alice are super great as well, and remember all the small details from your last visits. i would highly recommend east sac dental to everyone ! they do such a great job, and treat you like family
taylor gonzales










 



 east sac dental 
 phone:  (916) 452-7874   address: 	 1273 32nd street sacramento, ca 95816  

sitemap | accessibility | website by doctor multimedia 











			close		



		close
	






accessibility by wah







about
accessibility
child’s first visit
clear aligners
contact
dental anxiety
eco-friendly office
fees and payments
freedom day usa
home
insurance
new patient appointments
new patient referral program
new patients
scheduling
services
sitemap
solea laser
thank you



  call us   text us  email us











