








tigh bhisa self-catering cottage, a beautifully renovated historic blackhouse in scotland's outer hebrides

























skip to main content

login

get your free website from spanglefish


tigh bhisa blackhouse


spanglefish gold status expired 22/01/2025.





welcome

facilities

getting here

faq

booking








welcome to tigh bhisa
tigh bhisa is a beautifully renovated blackhouse cottage in the outer hebrides providing luxury self-catering accommodation for two people. cosy, romantic, traditional, atmospheric and stunningly located. it has been described as "a true gem!"
tigh bhisa is pronounced "tie-veesa" and means the house of "bisa" macdonald, the nickname of the macdonald family who have been tenants for over 250 years on this one croft in the village of tolstachaolais.
the blackhouse has been renovated to the highest standards and is complete with all amenities including underfloor heating and solid-fuel stove. it is warm, dry and cosy at any time of year.
tolstachaolais (or "tol-sta-ker-lish") is a quiet village on the west of the isle of lewis, one of the stunningly beautiful string of islands off the west coast of scotland. tolstachaolais is considered one of the most beautiful villages on the island, away from the mainroad and settled around the village loch, with its outflow to the sea. there is no through-traffic and the cottage is on the side road down to the slip-way so there is peace and quiet at all times. the cottage overlooks the sea-loch loch roag and is a central and convenient base for exploring the islands.
tigh bhisa is one of two restored blackhouses on the macdonald croft, nestled side by side at the foot of the hill. they are sheltered from the winds but south-facing. the other blackhouse serves as a boatshed, recognising the ideal sailing and kayaking in the sheltered waters of loch roag, as well as the superb fishing on freshwater- and sea-lochs. or if dry land is more your interest the cottage is ideally located for walking, exploring the islands' rich history and archaeology, or taking in the culture.
"welcomed, stimulated, refreshed, and revived - we leave in better heart than when we arrived." at any time of year this is a beautiful place to visit. in the summer with the almost endless daylight there is time to travel far and wide, or perhaps just to sit outside and take in the view. the banner photo at the foot of the page (by local photographer james smith) shows the village of tolstachaolais, with loch roag behind and looking south to the distant hills of harris and uig. "we've made the most of every moment here on this fabulous island, and haven't even scratched its surface."
in the winter the sunshine is replaced by glorious night skies and northern lights. and if the weather is foul, retreat indoors behind those four-foot thick stone walls and warm yourself by the fire. enjoy tigh bhisa with all it has to offer, whether it's a central base for exploring the islands during those long summer days, or a cosy hideaway in the winter, curled up in front of a warm fire. escape the hustle and bustle for a weekend, or stay for a week or even longer. tigh bhisa will welcome you at any time of year. "what a joy it has been to come back to your cosy wee blackhouse every evening."
 
 
 
 



site search 

part of spanglefish.com - web sites. for anyone. for free. sign up now!




sitemap | 
cookie policy | 
privacy policy | 
accessibility statement




