


art glass productions custom art glass art chandeliers

















 

 

  

 







 

  
 

	
	art glass productions, cast or blown hot glass
 
		pick and click                   

	
			  why 
				use us?	
			 art 
			glass dictionary, terms & phrases	
			 available 
			options for gallery owners	
			 featured 
			glass artist of the week	
			 are 
			you an interested glass artist?	
			 use 
			a "glass master" on your project	
			 laser 
			images inside of solid crystal

		
	your vision. our talent.®		
	creating the impossible.		
	tom gottlesben's vision. our glass.		
	we personally hand-make everything you see.		
	welcome to the world's finest accredited organization of glassworkers for 
	creating custom hand made high-end art glass, cast hot glass art, and laser 
	crystal art glass! exactly "how, when, and where" you want it. worldwide!  
	since 1977. finally, 
	you have a plausible alternative for custom art glass production, cast hot 
	glass art, and art crystal glass laser holograms with custom images 
	inscribed inside of a solid block of crystal glass.  we support all 
	ranges of consumers and now we're directly available for your exclusive 
	custom hot art glass needs whether it's blown, fused, slumped, cast, free 
	hand-formed, as well as any laser inscribed or engraved crystal needs.  
	whether for retail, wholesale, or just for your exclusive personal use.  we 
	are offering you custom original glass art gallery quality works, virtual 
	production replications, all the way to traditional hot glass fabrications.  
	our leading edge experience and innovative talents have fortuned us working 
	with several of the world's most popular art glass glassmasters, and now we 
	are available directly to you.	
	we can customize each art glass piece to meet your individual particular or 
	precise needs.  your conceptual requirements will be only limited to 
	your imagination, needs, or desires.  we can create your custom project 
	in endless varieties of shapes, colors, textures, patterns, designs and 
	glass types of every size, scale or scope...		
	we have provided consumers world-wide with custom original museum quality 
	art glass pieces, art glass productions, and sub-surface laser inscribed 
	crystal art projects.  our superior glassblowing artists, hot glass 
	castings artists, our hot glass art sculpture’s talents, all the way to our 
	highly complex cad computerized and laser guided crystal art sub-surface 
	inscribing technicians are all here for you to utilize...  		
	every art piece project or crystal art product that we make is made within 
	the united states of america.






		 blown glass
»         		
cast glass »        
		vases & bowls 		
»        		
sculptures »          		
architectural »        		
laser crystal »       		
replications »   
 		
	   		
	home page  |   		
	email us  
	|   		
	top of page  |  		
	add site to favorites  |  		
	print this page  		
	|   		
	invite others to our site  
	©  art glass production, custom hot glass art & art crystal glass laser 
	holograms™.  
	all rights reserved.   
  
	kirkland wa 98083  .. shop address on request   |    		
	(206) 650-4265 hot shops   |    		
	(425) 750-0003 office       