



home | mars hill academy

























































aboutmission & distinctives
our story
our teamfaculty and staff
join our team
school board

how we teach
how we shape lives
contact us

academicspre-kindergarten
kindergarten
grammar: grades prek-6
logic: grades 7-8
rhetoric: grades 9-12
school profile
summer teacher training 2025

admissionsvisit
apply
tuition

athleticsteams
registration
our fans
athletics calendar
spirit wear

highlander lifehello, dolly!
arts & theatervisual arts
performing arts
art collection

ministry
travelbeyond the classroom
the grand tour
worldview summit

highlander clans
summer camps
stories
blog
school calendar

supportways to give
annual vision fund
make a gift
mars hill scholarship granting organization (sgo)


highlander hub




search...













search























                                                   learn truth.
                                                   love beauty.
                                                   live goodness.
                                               





come visit
meet our teachers













                                                   hello, dolly!
                                                   feb. 27-march 1 






buy tickets













                                                   learn truth.
                                                   love beauty.
                                                   live goodness.
                                               





come visit
meet our teachers













                                                   learn truth.
                                                   love beauty.
                                                   live goodness.
                                               





come visit
meet our teachers













                                                   learn truth.
                                                   love beauty.
                                                   live goodness.
                                               





come visit
meet our teachers
































a life-changing, classical and christian education







discover more





 
  




truth
god’s word is the foundation of our school—and his truth is woven into everything we do. we cultivate the hearts of our students through a christ-centered community that delights in exploring god's created world and his revelation to us. 










discover more





 
  




beauty
teachers engage the hearts, souls, and minds of our students as they learn to appreciate and love beauty in the world around us. we celebrate this beauty by reading quality literature, creating in the fine arts, and gathering to worship and play. 










discover more





 
  




goodness
we are a vibrant community, compassionate and steadfast, committed to serving each other in love inside and outside the walls of the school.














we engage minds, lift hearts,  and honor our creator.








how we stand out



from the first morning of prek to graduation day, mars hill students build a firm foundation that stands the test of time. they learn god's truth, develop a love for the beautiful, and are equipped to live lives of goodness for the lord. 









loving, serving, thinking children pk-12 






+


bible verses memorized









books read









churches represented



 
 






class of 2024 gpa









years first in the nation on classic learning test









college acceptances






%


upper school staff with advanced degrees













what people say





from our first open house visit, our family has witnessed how beautiful education can be when you have a faculty and staff that are filled with the wisdom and love of the lord. it is a blessing to see our children come home smiling, singing, and sharing the wonderful truths they’ve learned each day. we are grateful that mha is committed to being a place where minds and hearts can be guided in a loving community that is helping us nurture and educate our children. 




mha parents












we came to mha looking for an excellent christ-centered education and found much more —outstanding teachers who serve god with joy and love our boys with the love of god; and a caring community that celebrates successes and comes alongside you in times of struggles. the integrated biblical worldview encourages us as a family to walk closely with the lord and to seek his truth and beauty in all we do. 




mha parents












i am very grateful for my mars hill academy education because my classes, teachers, and fellow students played an instrumental role in shaping my christian worldview. also, the academic curriculum prepared me very well with the skills that i needed to succeed in college and beyond.




mha alumna


















latest news






























4230 aero drive, mason, ohio 45040
            phone: 513.770.3223  |  fax: 513.548.0080  |  email: info@marshill.edu
            office hours: 8:00 a.m. - 3:30 p.m. m-f | school hours: 8:20 a.m. - 3 p.m.
         

©  all rights reserved.










































































