


home - southern federation of syrian lebanese american clubs, inc.






























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








share this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twitter
add me to your mailing list










member login
my shopping cart


 


shopping cart
cancel




































member login






menu


homeabout about us from the president from the chairman the official bulletinevents mid-winter conference summer conventionmembership join a local club direct membership start a local clubfoundation about foundation charity culture cedar seeds scholarships guardian angels
















 countdown to the mid-winter conference in atlantaclick here for more informationcountdowncountdown to the mid-winter conference in atlantalocal membershipdirect membership











find a club near you
we are a network of syrian and lebanese clubs and people across the southern united states from florida to california, west virginia to colorado, that share values and heritage.
each club meets for its own gatherings and participates in the yearly summer and mid-winter conventions and conferences to celebrate our heritage. click the map to find a club near you.











become a member
about




the southern federation of syrian lebanese american clubs has several membership classes. in addition to attending the conventions and connecting with your local syrian and lebanese clubs, see the benefits here:
click here for more information


the southern federation of syrian lebanese american clubs is an organization of heritage established in 1931 by first-generation americans of syrian lebanese descent. their mission was to give to the united states a pure americanism with their fullest loyalty and undying allegiance, because america provided them and their posterity a new life of hope --- a hope founded upon principles of freedom, equality and opportunity.





having login issues?

send an email to info@sfslac.org requesting login assistance.


not a member?

get updates on all things sfslac! click subscribe below to join our email list.

subscribe



















an organization of heritage since 1931


southern federation of syrian lebanese american clubs, inc.
southern federation foundation, inc.
309 east morehead street, apartment 925
charlotte, north carolina 28202

general interest: sfslac@sfslac.org
membership: sfslacvp@sfslac.org
conventions/conferences: sfslacconventions@sfslac.org
foundation: sffoundation@sfslac.org
website help: support@sfslac.org











home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 










