



"one man, one mouth, one thousand voices"



 


































 







home
biography
impressionist
videos
testimonials
upcoming events
products
blog
contact
february 16, 2025"one man, one mouth, one thousand voices"singer impressionist and entertainer


 



mark ralston is a singer impressionist, disc jockey, emcee, and voice-over artist, who has been entertaining for more than 20 years. mark has performed his various shows at venues across the country including: disney, busch gardens, opryland, billboard live, the matrix, and coconuts comedy club.
along with entertaining audiences, mark has been a featured voiceover artist in numerous t.v. and radio commercials. he also performs national radio spots for clear channel radio. in 2004 and 2005, mark was contracted as a featured entertainer for the hard rock hotel and casino. he was the headliner of a las vegas style show, complete with showgirls, dancers, and of course his multitude of impressions.
mark performs over 55 speaking and singing celebrity impressions in his 60 min show. his show includes: past greats like, the rat pack’s frank sinatra, dean martin, and sammy davis jr., all the way to today’s animated characters spongebob and the donkey from shrek. this one-man show is great for any event and entertaining for all ages. audiences will enjoy country, pop, easy listening, r&b, and even rock and roll.
mark’s unique style and amazing celebrity impressions will astound you. audiences forget they are watching only one man, with one mouth, because they experience so many voices. he has been entertaining for more than 18 years. he has performed for exclusive resorts like: solivita, cypress lakes, kings point, citrus springs, lazy days, timber pines, sunrise lakes, shipwatch, rock crusher canyon and many others. a few of mark’s corporate clients include: arthur rutenburg homes, bb&t, state farm, mosaic, paychex, lockheed martin, and many more.

 
please follow & like us :)


 



copyright © 2015 · delorenzo designs
www.johndelorenzo.com 
























please take a minute and "like" mark on facebook, "follow" him on twitter, and join the mailing list today to keep current on shows & merchandise!  
























