

















mathematics | grinnell college

























      skip to main content
    




top nav - audience nav


students


current students


academic resources


living on campus


social connections


financial services


health, wellness, & safety


career exploration and preparation






families


academics


campus life


financial services


health, wellness, & safety


news, events, and communications


travel and transportation




faculty and staff


grinnellshare


academic catalog


dean's office




alumni


alumni community


giving to grinnell


volunteering


news and awards


events


college resources








top bar - utility links - left


visit


apply


give




top bar - utility links - right


news


calendar


careers


people














search button 











expand/collapse menu





about grinnell
expand




grinnell at a glance


land acknowledgement


leadership and administration


social innovator in residence


grinnell college national poll






admission and aid
expand




why grinnell


financial aid and cost of attendance


visit grinnell


apply to grinnell






academics
expand




majors and concentrations


the academic experience


global learning


centers, programs, and resources


libraries






life at grinnell
expand




distinctly grinnellian


student life


athletics


arts & culture


beyond campus


health, wellness, & recreation


transportation


civic engagement


student organizations






after grinnell
expand




center for careers, life, and service


graduate outcomes


grinnellians around the globe


alumni outcomes stories


alumni

































mathematics











expand
                in this section            




mathematics


faculty


major and requirements


mathematics course sequence


math lab


opportunities


resources


research















home
academics
majors and concentrations
mathematics













        
            think logically, globally, analytically.
      
  
    



mathematics is ubiquitous. the ability to think deeply about mathematical ideas is integral to understanding the natural world and to solving problems across the spectrum of human experience. as a student member of the grinnell mathematics community, you will be part of a dynamic group which includes faculty mentors who collaborate with colleagues around the world. an intensive curriculum in pure and applied mathematics will open doors to internships that demand critical thought across disciplines, as well as to deep research opportunities. confidently put your future on a path toward advanced graduate studies, or on a trajectory aimed at meeting the demands of a globally valued career in finance, actuarial science, operations research, software engineering, statistics, teaching, or law.



























faculty mentors and a supportive student community

learn and study as part of a dynamic community of mathematicians.


as a student member of the grinnell mathematics community, you’ll discover that the ability to think deeply about mathematical ideas is integral to understanding the natural world and to solving problems across the spectrum of human experience. you’ll explore the field as part of a dynamic group, which includes faculty mentors who conduct research with colleagues around the world and who will offer you guidance and support during your academic journey. you will join a group of dedicated undergraduate students who work collaboratively and encourage each other through every step of the major.











career preparation

prepare for postgraduate success.


you’ll study an intensive curriculum focused on pure mathematics, applied mathematics, and statistics that will open doors to research opportunities and internships demanding critical thought across disciplines. you’ll confidently put your future on a path toward advanced graduate studies, or on a trajectory to meet the demands of a wide variety of careers. some careers that recent graduates have pursued include finance, actuarial science, operations research, software engineering, statistical consulting, teaching, and law.











academic options

set your own path while improving your skills.


you’ll further develop your logical thinking, quantitative reasoning, and creative problem-solving skills. you will enhance your ability to write clearly and persuasively. you’ll gain knowledge through the study of fundamental theory and practical application. you’ll have the opportunities to participate in mathematics competitions, research, national and regional conferences, and local student seminars.












student spotlight










knowledge gained, knowledge shared

martin pollack ’22 shares with other students interested in data-related careers skills he acquired during internships.
meet martin










thinking laterally and working cross-functionally

raghav malik ’13, a native of delhi, india, wanted to attend a small liberal arts college after spending his secondary school years at a small, international baccalaureate boarding school. his multiple passions and ability to communicate well with people across disciplines have helped him discuss strategy and market needs as well as technology.
meet raghav











featured projects










bringing virtual reality to the classroom


this innovative mentored advanced project (map) offers a new way to learn vector fields.












making math videos rock


four students and a prof geek out over math and how to communicate it via short youtube videos.












        
            department news
      
  
    







academic excellence

four grinnellians win acm grants


        
            four grinnell faculty and staff recently received faculty career enhancement (face) awards from the associated colleges of the midwest.
      
  
    







academic excellence

department of mathematics and statistics honors five outstanding students


        
            over commencement weekend, mathematics and statistics faculty announced the winners of their annual departmental prizes:
isidora bailly-hall ’24, kate bartz ’25, samantha hall '24, hyeyun jung ’25, and lilli lewis ’25.
      
  
    







academic excellence

new science division members enthrall during “lightning talks”


        
            grinnellians got a taste of their colleagues’ research during the first in a series of new faculty/staff lightning talks on tuesday.
      
  
    





more news




 


mathematics
 career outcomes

first destinations





49%

employment


42%

graduate school


1%

post-graduate service


0%

fellowships


2%

continuing education


7%

other




employment


97%

positions related to career goals

click to view positions related to career goals info




close

positions related to career goals
this graph illustrates the extent to which our graduates' first job is aligned with their career goals. it's one thing to find a job; it's an entirely different thing to land the job you want!
close


employer

analytical iq
ballast research
deloitte
indianapolis indians
phoenix learning center
united states national park service
university of cambridge



graduate schools


81%


                    81% accepted to 1st- or 2nd- choice programs                

click to view acceptance info




close

graduate school acceptance info
of those who applied to and were accepted to at least one program, this chart illustrates the percentage of admitted students who were accepted to either their first or second choice program and institution.
close


institutions

colorado school of mines
dartmouth college
georgia institute of technology
northwestern university
university of chicago
university of maryland
washington university in st. louis
yale university



explore more graduate outcomes









department chair marc a chamberlandchamberl@grinnell.edu


contact information

phone
641-269-3169


fax
  
            641-269-4984
      
  
    

noyce science center
1116 eighth ave
grinnell, ia 50112
united states
















request info
visit
apply














1115 8th avenue
grinnell, ia 50112

641-269-4000


directions and map






museum of art
athletics
bookstore
careers



policies
privacy statement
consumer information
sexual respect
web accessibility statement







facebook


youtube


linkedin















we use cookies to enable essential services and functionality on our site, enhance your user experience, provide better service through personalized content, collect data on how visitors interact with our site, and enable advertising services.
to accept the use of cookies and continue on to the site, click "i agree." for more information about our use of cookies and how to opt out, please refer to our website privacy policy.



        i agree
      

        privacy policy
      
































