






bridging the gap | bridging the gap












































home
about

prayer


leadership resources

leadership resources
lund leadership award
btg leadership conference
leadership sessions (thrive)


podcast
events

single moms retreat
thrive
garden coffee
btg leadership conference


missions

1000 sisters & life warehouse
garden coffee
give global
go global


the bridge shop
give
 





select page


  
 



 



 




























who we are
we believe life with jesus is a journey and bridging the gap wants to come alongside you through all the twists and turns. every woman is intentionally designed by god with the capacity to know him and live out the unique and powerful purpose he has for our lives.



we’re driven by three core principles that make up our mission:

encourage every woman to know jesus christ and his great love for her and the world. we do this through cultivating opportunities for authentic connections with women–across cultures, generations, and denominations.
equip every woman with the tools to serve faithfully wherever god has them. we do this through offering opportunities for networking, leadership development, sharing relevant ideas, and healthy vision casting.
empower every woman to fulfill the god-given purpose and abundant life she was designed to live! we do this through providing opportunities to serve, learn, mentor and lead by example.
learn more →





upcoming events





























connectwe work to enhance the holistic well-being of women—across cultures, generations, and denominations.
along with attending events, you’re invited to connect with us through:

volunteer
exhibitor booths
sponsor an event or podcast 
submit a devotional for the thrive devotional book
apply to join us on a future missions trip

 









connect with us



learn more about btg



2024 devo book 







latest podcasts










episode 88 – win the wait w/ kristen ostrem

feb 13, 2025 | podcastepisode 88: a conversation with kristen ostrem--author, pastor, and bridging the gap event coordinator--and our podcast host, mykelti blum. kristen and her friend rachel hastings co-authored the 21-day...
read more



episode 87 – being raised to stay w/ natalie runion

jan 23, 2025 | podcastepisode 87: a conversation with author, speaker, and worship leader natalie runion and our podcast host, mykelti blum. natalie is the founder of raised of stay and was a featured guest at thrive 2024. in this...
read more



episode 86 – confrontation isn’t a negative w/ pastor carolyn haas

jan 9, 2025 | podcastepisode 86: a conversation with author, speaker, and pastor carolyn haas and btg podcast host, mykelti blum. pastor carolyn was a featured speaker at thrive 2024 (watch workshop one and main session four),...
read more





listen to all podcasts

















don't miss out!
join us to stay in the loop and catch the buzz as we unveil fantastic events and uplifting podcasts. sign up now! 





success!



email





subscribe








































 

 





 
1315 portland avenue south
mpls, mn 55404
612-332-2400  
info@mnbtg.org

key areas  prayer 
 leadership 
 missions 
 podcasts 
 the bridge shop 

resources 
leadership resources 
donate 
become a sponsor 
prayer request 
sub project 

events btg leadership conference 
single moms retreat 
garden coffee 
thrive conference 

missions  life warehouse 
1000 sisters 
give global
go global 

 






facebook




instagram




rss


mn district assemblies of god 

























