






international cost engineering council | international cost engineering council




































home
about icec

what is icec?
icec executive officeholders
icec region directors
icec region deputy directors
icec region assistant secretaries
icec ambassadors
icec policies & guidelines


membership
accreditation
awards
congresses & meetings
contact us
 





select page


  
 



 



 


















what is the international cost engineering council (icec)?

the international cost engineering council (icec) is a non-political and non-profit organization that was founded in 1976 with the object of promoting cooperation between national and multinational cost engineering, quantity surveying and project management organizations worldwide for their mutual wellbeing and that of their individual members.
icec member societies are located in more than 40 countries and have chapters or sections in many additional countries. through these chapters and sections, icec has access to more than 300,000 cost engineers and project managers in over 120 different nations. regular icec meetings are attended by delegates of the member societies where subjects of common interests are exchanged and discussed. each member society has one vote on the council.

read more about icec





the 2024 icec world congress was held in accra, ghana from 19-23 october 2024. details of the congress can be found here.







!

upcoming congresses & events – the icec calendar

a calendar of cost engineering, quantity surveying, and project management conferences and meetings around the world.

6-10 april 2025 – international federation of surveyors (fig) world working week, brisbane, australia
15-17 june 2025 – aace international 2025 conference & expo, anaheim, california, usa
22-26 august 2025 – pacific association of quantity surveyors (paqs) congress, jakarta, indonesia













 

 






© 2025 international cost engineering council - a ngo in roster consultative status with the economic and social council of the united nations. 















