

  








the inca empire for kids and teachers - the inca empire for kids










privacy and cookie policy
ancient history
our free lesson plans and classroom activities
archaeology
early humans
mesopotamia
egypt
greece
rome
china
india
celts
myths
gods
games
quizzes
7 wonders
free use clipart
american history
our free lesson plans and classroom activities
native americans 
new world explorers
13 colonies
revolutionary war
creating a new nation and us constitution
western expansion
the civil war
industrial revolution
wwi
roaring 20s
great depression
wwii
more
geography
government
new economics

	   ancient roots modern holidays
religions
world history
incas
mayas
aztecs
african kingdoms
vikings
middle ages
renaissance reformation and more
age of exploration
world wars
main index
quizzes, with answers
faq, about us, contact

show moreshow less






kids
teachers
quiz
games
aztecs
mayas
privacy
home
explore



 










the incredible inca indians for kids and teachers





				
				come meet the incredible inca indians, the children of the sun. explore inca religion, dreams, and 
				omens. meet the sapa inca. find out why other tribes decided to 
				join the inca empire rather than fight the inca warriors. learn 
				how the inca nobles trained their heads to grow to a point. discover why most people were not allowed to travel on 
				the well built inca roads that spread all over the empire. 
				find machu picchu. play interactive games! discover why people 
				in each village were assigned certain clothing designs. for a quick look at this amazing culture, 
			   scroll down. or see the menu below to find just what you need.

welcome to the inca empire!




for kids
geography
quick history
early tribes
daily life in the inca empire
homes
clothing
food
hair styles
jewelry
weddings
kids & school
the sapa inca
the royals
trade and economy
the common people

terrace 
					 farming
domesticated animals
professions
government
the inca army
cuzco, capital city
crime & punishment
			 


religion, dreams and omens
myths and legends
manco capac
llama legends
tall tale lords
buildings and architecture
expansion
inca roads & bridges
roadrunners
the hero pachacuti
spanish arrival
inventions
machu picchu
timeline

interactive online games (about the incas)
take the quiz, interactive (with answers)
for teachers
the incas for teachers 
			- free use lesson plans and classroom activities
free 
			use ready made presentations about the inca

free use inca clipart 
 




a  
			quick look
the inca indians created an empire high in the rugged andes mountains of south 
				america. they built thousands of miles of roads and connected 
				mountain peaks with bridges. everyone in the empire was well fed 
				and no one was homeless. yet, the inca indians never invented 
				the wheel. they never invented a system of writing. but they did 
invent quite a few other things. 

the quipa:  
the inca 
			   counted everything a conquered tribe owned, everything, down to 
			   the smallest thing. they needed a way to remember everything they had counted. to 
			   do so, they invented the quipu. the quipu had colored strings tied to a main string. the color of the strings and the distance between the knots tied in each string told a story - how many of this, and what was going on. you had to have special training to be a quipu reader.

calendar: the inca invented a calendar they called time makers or time watchers. time was important to the inca for religious purposes.

much more!  
they also invented a flute, a drum, the famous inca panpipe (a collection of hollow tubes of various lengths stuck together), terrace farming, 
			   aquaducts, hanging bridges, marvelous stonework, dried foods, strange and scary art, a central government, 
			   strict laws, a unified language, woven colorful textiles, gold and silver jewelry and statues, 
			   wonderful ceramics, specialized professions, a system of communication (the roadrunners) and much more. they were very clever people.

although 
				their empire only lasted about 100 years, the inca indians 
				also created a system of government, a history, trade and economy, 
				tall tales and legends, stories about their many gods and 
				goddesses, all kinds of very strange customs, and paved their 
				cities with gold. 
all that 
			   glitters: the incas loved anything that glittered. all inca people, from the sapa inca to the lowliest 
			   of peasant wore jewelry. the royals and nobility had jewelry made of gold and gems. the common people wore jewelry made of 
			   mud, copper, silver, and even occasionally gold. they all wore lots of jewelry - rings and necklaces and bracelets and pins. the use of jewelry was encouraged. it made people happy.
dangling 
			   earlobes: the most interesting jewelry was the earring. earrings were the same for all noblemen. men had their ears pierced when they were about 12-14 years old. the men all wore really heavy earrings, designed to change the shape of their earlobes. by the time they were 20 years old or so, their earlobes had been pulled so out of shape that they rested on their shoulders. this was high fashion. dangling earlobes never went out of style.
pointed 
			   heads: when a noble was just a small child, a board would be strapped to his or her head. this would force the top of their head to grow almost to a point. this was the symbol of nobility and royalty. 
			   each noble family had a distinctive hairstyle for the men. the inca people could easily recognize who was a commoner and who was a nobleman 
			   or woman simply by the way their head was shaped, their hairstyle or the way their head was shaped.
the incas were wonderful builders. they designed their cities to blend with the landscape around them. they built to last. the cities were safe. rather than build walls around their cities, each city had a fortress built beside it. in times of trouble, people ran to the fortress for protection. the rest of the time, the fortress housed the military. 
the military kept an eye on the people, and on anyone entering or leaving the city. 
it was illegal for people to leave a city. you lived where you were put. people 
could not move from one city to another. since it was illegal for most people to 
use the inca roads, they would have no way of going anywhere else anyway. the 
inca civilization was built high in the andes mountain tops. if you were caught 
on an inca road without permission, there was no trial. you were simply tossed 
off the mountain and died.
to 
learn more about the incredible inca indians, see the menu above.



all rights reservedwritten by lin donn
have a great year.






