


molokai condo rentals, vacation rentals, beach house rentals, accommodations and hotels, sometimes misspelled as molaki






















directory | 
visitor information | 
frequently answered questions |
molokai virtual tour








molokai condos, hotels & vacation rentals guide

this is a directory of websites about molokai condo rentals, vacation houses, beach homes & cottages on the friendly island.


when visiting molokai you have a variety of available accommodation options. most visitors choose vacation rental condos,
however; there are several beautiful beach homes and hotel molokai, the island's only hotel. all offer different benefits to please almost any visitor. to better choose what is right for you, the available
accommodations can be easily divided geographically. 







west molokai condos include kaluakoi villas  (kepuhi beach resort), ke nani kai, & paniolo hale. many of these choices offer fabulous views of the ocean, tropical landscaping and easy access to secluded beaches. all offer pools and family bbq areas. 
	



central molokai accommodations include hotel molokai and molokai shores condos, conveniently located near kauanakakai town. they offer great oceanfront views of lanai and the kalohi channel. on the east side of the island, wavecrest resort  provides beautiful oceanfront condos, lush landscaping and spectacular views. 

	



molokai beach houses & cottages are also popular while visiting molokai. there are many to choose from and they can be found all around the island. molokai has beachfront homes, bed and breakfasts, and other unique housing options available depending on your individual needs.  
	







	all these accommodations have been pre-screened by the editors to meet the highest standards.  we have and will continue to recommend these choices to family and friends. we have also included entries for air & ground transportation, shopping, attractions, activities, events and services on the island.  enjoy your visit. 


if you have questions about molokai like  "where do i eat on molokai?" or "where can i snorkel?" you'll find answers to these and many more questions on the visitmolokai.com page













visitor accommodations & vacation rentals






west molokai condos 


1184 - kaluakoi villas 
- a comfortable studio unit with a great view.  one of the most reasonably priced units in the resort.

1161 - kaluakoi villas
 - one bedroom condominium with expansive ocean and sunset views, delightfully furnished and right on the kaluakoi golf course.

1181 kaluakoi studio
 - kaluakoi studio with great views.  delightfully furnished in tropical motif with a fully equipped compact kitchen. possibly the best rates for a studio.

2251 - kaluakoi villas
 - a very comfortable, second floor, ocean front unit overlooking the golf course and kepuhi beach.  spectacular view.

2233 - kaluakoi studio with loft
 - sparkling, second floor studio overlooks the kaluakoi golf course 9th tee and kepuhi beach. great sunset watching from the lanai.

beach condos kaluakoi villas
 - four 2nd floor choices.  a trio of studios with lofted bedrooms and 2nd bath, plus a unique 2 bedroom escape.

beachfront lofted studio - kaluakoi
 - beautifully furnished second floor studio with lofted bedroom.  close to the beach and oceanside pool with beautiful sunset views.





hale kamaluhia 
- richly furnished in the classic hawaiian style, this delightful one bedroom, one bath condo offers perfect vacation comfort.





paniolo hale - t2
 - a spacious open-air condo, in a quiet, beautifully landscaped, tropical setting. a two story unit with one bedroom, two baths and a screened lanai.







molokai hotels 
hotel molokai
 - the only hotel on the island, hotel molokai is 2 miles east of kaunakakai. this beachfront hotel in the old polynesian style is a great choice for those seeking a central molokai accommodation.


central molokai condos 


molokai shores 215
 - tropically furnished 1 bedroom condo with excellent views across the channel to lanai.  ka hale kealoha is one of the nicest units at the resort.


east molokai condos


wavecrest oceanfront a-211 - 
captivating views from the 2nd floor lanai, tradewind-cooled comfort, tropical furnishings, completely upgraded kitchen and attractive rental rates.

wavecrest condo c-314 - outstanding view of the ocean between maui and molokai.  overlooks the tropical center gardens and sparkling oceanfront pool.








beach house & cottage rentals 
dunbar beachfront cottages
- east end vacation homes with their own secluded beaches. 

molokai resorts - 
a collection of condominiums and vacation homes that is sure to contain a perfect choice for your molokai escape.



	
 
molokai vacation rental 
- condominiums, luxury vacation homes and secluded beachfront cottages are available from these friendly folks.

bed & breakfast - ka hale mala 
- a lovely garden house bed and breakfast, five miles east of kaunakakai on molokai's south shore 

molokai beach front  - an oceanfront guest home, on the beach in east molokai with a lovely yard and beautiful vistas of maui and lanai.





















airlines, car rentals & taxis
				
getting to molokai can be a challenge, but well worth the effort.  there are no direct flights from anywhere outside hawaii, so you'll have to connect in either honolulu or maui.



hele mai taxi - provides reliable, island-wide service with plenty of aloha.  they also offer exclusive, private island tours.


attractions, activities & events
molokai snorkel adventures    
 - certified padi dive masters lead you to spectacular sites that are filled with colorful  fish,  sea turtles and other exciting critters.

scuba diving molokai
 - molokai's only padi dive center offers excursions to more than 40 of hawaii's best sites for divers of all skill levels.  

molokai whale watching tours
 - they offer outstanding whale watching adventures aboard one of their 2 coast guard certified vessels.  humpback whales spend december through april in the warm hawaiian waters and these folks guarantee you'll see whales on their tours. 

molokai outdoor activities - they specialize in car, moped and ocean sports equipment rentals, plus cultural or eco tours.

alyce c sport fishing
 - 	captain joe can take you on a hawaiian fishing experience with alyce c sportfishing. he specializes in deep-sea fishing charters near south molokai, lanai, and the penguin banks.

molokai ocean tours
 - board the manu ele'ele (black bird), a 40' foot power catamaran and tour the  fringing reefs of molokai's south coast. join them for whale watching, snorkeling, hookah max for 2 people simultaneously down to 30 feet, on-board weddings or a private ocean adventure.

moloka'i fish and dive
- tons of molokai activities, including ocean kayaks, snorkel and scuba adventures, deep sea fishing and whale watching.

purdy's natural macadamia nut farm
 - tour a macadamia nut farm and learn a little hawaiian history.




travelogues, photo tours & e-zines
about molokai
 - everything you ever wanted to know about molokai.  several spectacular photo tours, kalaupapa and father damien information, events, activities, faqs, maps and local insights.  a great resource.

molokai from space
 - nasa aerial photographs.

molokai photolog
 - photographs and map of the island, plus a space shuttle view.


shopping
molokai made in hawaii
 - 	a compendium of made on molokai products and services.  featuring food, flowers, fine art, hand crafts, apparel, books, music, photographers, weddings and web sites.

molokai art from the heart
 - conveniently located in downtown kaunakakai, this gallery of local creations features over 100 of molokai's most talented artists and craftsmen.

coffees of hawai'i
- pure hawaiian coffee, molokai gourmet coffee direct from the plantation.

pacifica hawaii salt 
- molokai salt master nancy gove has taken sea salt production to a new dimension.  she creates  traditional and blush gourmet sea salt to enhance any food and delightful, soothing bathing salts. 

molokai plumerias

whether it's a 1,000 plumeria blossoms you seek or a single plumeria lei, they can get them to you in a flash. 

molokai flowers

kalani pruet grows spectacular tropical flowers in the lush halawa valley and ships them to delighted clients everywhere.  over 30 varieties of tropicals including ginger, heliconia and calathea will make a special gift.


personal & business services
molokai lomi
-	licensed massage therapist and naturopathic physician allana noury has been providing health care and massage services on molokai for over 20 years.

the dispatch
-	catch up on the latest island news in the online version of a local newspaper.






molokai real estate brokers & agents
molokai hawaii real estate
-	 they specialize in the west end lands at kaluakoi and will help you find your dream property.

tropical island properties, llc.
 - dba sewnson real estate.   island estates, exceptional real estate values, beach front and ocean view  building sites, island homes and condominiums. 

real estate on molokai
	- let dayna share her love and knowledge of molokai while finding you the perfect place. she can also arrange a long or short-term rental.




et cetera
hui ho'olana - artistic and healing arts retreat center

- a non-profit organization dedicated to creativity, healing and education through workshops, residencies and educational programs.

climate information
- average minimum and maximum temperatures and rainfall for each month of the year.

molokai weather forecast
- current conditions and forecast from the national weather service.

more molokai condo directories
paniolo hale
kepuhi beach resort
ke nani kai
molokai shores
wavecrest

more molokai accommodations
beach houses
bed & breakfast and unique lodgings
rental companies





















copyright © web sights crafted, 2003-2011 - molokai, hawaii










