








costantini design:  custom furniture, fabrication, lighting and functional art































































home
shop
quick ship
ny sample sale
projects 
materials
studio kër
catalog
contact













home


shop


quick ship


ny sample sale


projects 


materials


studio kër


catalog


contact
















sofia










nebula 40










wcs 2106










francisco










benino










 



we make collectible design, one-of-a-kind artworks, and functional objects for everyday living.browse the collectionevery piece in our collection is customizable.  we also offer complete custom fabrication services.












bruno ovino





works in bronzewe love casting heavy metal. usually we leave traces of the casting process in the form of small pores or burns. available in any patina and in various degrees of polishing.










the foundry










lychorinda table










bellance cigarrette table










elia
















tavola 9










enzio table










benino table










wcs 2106 sconce










 












 

custom fabrication  with expertise across so many materials, we have offered custom fabrication services for interior designers and owners of hotels, restaurants, commercial projects as well as private label work for other furniture and lighting companies.  










goodman's at bergdorfs










the presidential suite at the hotel bel air










morimoto south beach










pony line at the four seasons buenos aires










william and henry steakhouse








skylark lounge








waterline square








nuestro secreto at the four seasons buenos aires










kimpton la peer 










lav austin










le meridien chicago










bench for halekulani hotel by champalimaud








custom tables for springlike










 
































about costantini 
costantini has been a trusted source for custom furniture, objects and lighting for a global client base since 2002. its founder and owner, william c stuart, is a designer and artist who began his career as a multimedia artist and sculptor, practices which continue to inform the work. with a studio showroom in new york and a team of artisans at their own workshop in buenos aires, the costantini team is able to connect artisans and artists with acclaimed clientele around the world.  its artisans work across many disparate materials such as bronze, solid wood, fiberglass, steel, plaster, goatskin, leather, rush, iron, marble, sheepskin and more. in 2019 costantini began representing other artists including the award winning mirei monticelli.visit our new york or buenos aires locations by appointment.  +1 212 858 0603






    follow us on instagram
  





























































































terms & conditions / shipping & returns















back to top


















































