








welcome - paradise vacations online






































vacationoptions paradise vacations in maui paradise vacations in orlando paradise vacations in cancun paradise vacations in las vegasfrequentlyasked questionsparadisevacations 


 




















take a vacation to maui
beautiful beaches - amazing sunsets







bring the family to orlando
some of the most amazing theme parks in the country







visit cancun mexico
incredible food - amazing resorts







take a trip to vegas
 internationally renowned american city






maui vacations
orlando vacations
cancun mexico vacations
las vegas vacations













save huge on your next vacation
picture yourself on the beaches of cancun, daytona, or atlantic city.
or take an 8 day 7 night paradise vacation in hawaii (maui, oahu), bahamas, the caribbean, mexico, cozumel, puerto vallarta, acapulco, and many more.

learn how below















                                    3 days 2 nights                
                
            

would you enjoy a 3 day - 2 night fun-filled vacation for two people at disney, palm springs or one of 38 other resort locations?








                                    8 days 7 nights                
                
            

how does 7 romantic nights in hawaii or 7 exotic nights in mexico sound?  or 8 days and 7 nights in 75 other locations?






if you said yes then keep reading!
we are offering personal vacation certificates for as low as $2.00... this price even includes shipping! the certificates themselves are only .75 cents and shipping comes out to $1.25. you can order up to 7 certificates and still only pay the $1.25 for shipping.
the 8 day 7 night resort getaway is valid for an 8 day 7 night condominium vacation in your choice of 75 resort destinations. travel must be completed within 12 months. reservations must be booked at least 60 days in advance.
dates the week of a major holiday are not available on this special offer.  costs include a $100 activation fee and government taxes and resort fees of $299 to $399. (if 2 people use this offer that would amount to $29 to $36 per person per night.  if 4 people share the same condominium it amounts to $15 to $18 per person per night). only 1 certificate can be used per family in any 12 month period. 





























these make wonderful gifts for yourself, relatives, friends, or even a business promotion for your employees.
order yours below


 
      
 


 



 
  











cash savers has distributed discount savings offers for over 20 years. all cash saver offers come with a 100% - 30 day money back guarantee. simply return any item from cash saver with a note requesting a refund. if it has been longer than 30 days, please call our office and get an approval code to return the item.
this is not time sharing - period!!!

still have more q & a?
then read our frequently asked questions
check out the faq




frequently asked questions

q: are your vacation certificates just "timeshare vacations" by another name?
a: absolutely not. no customer will ever be required to listen to any sales pitch, take a tour, or in any other way be required to consider buying anything to take advantage of the "free accommodations" offered on our vacation certificates.


q: how can the hotels at the resort locations listed on the vacation certificates afford to give away free hotel rooms. aren't they losing money?
a: there is one main reason the travel agencies and resort hotels participate in this "free hotel room" certificate program. they are willing to give the rooms away "free" to get people to come and see what they have to offer. they are expecting to make money "in the future" when people decide to come for a return visit. once people have a great experience at a vacation spot, they usually return many times. it's the same as a company sending you a "free sample" of their "new product" in the mail. they want you to try it for free, hoping you'll like it and buy it in the future.


q: what are the hotels like?
a: the hotels used for our vacation certificate program are all three and four star hotels such as double tree, holiday inn, ramada, marriott, and other well-known franchises. in las vegas we work with major casino hotels. we use many hotels at each destination so you will, in most cases, get the vacation on the dates you requested. you don't have to worry about sending someone on a less than superior vacation. on the average, if someone uses one of our vacation certificates, they will receive accommodations that normally sell for $200 to $300. the money they save on their accommodations will go a long way to pay for their transportation and meals.


q: are there any hidden charges to get what is offered on the vacation certificate?
a: no. you pay $12.00 to redeem your certificate. you will receive your reservation form in about a week from the travel agency that handles the vacation destination you have checked on the certificate. when you send in the reservation form with the requested dates of your vacation, send in the room tax of from $9.00 to $15.00 per night depending on location. that's it.


q: what if a customer wants to take their children on vacation with them or go with another couple or book their accommodations immediately can they do that?
a: yes. when a customer receives their reservation form in the mail they will have all of these options to choose from on the form. they can take advantage of any or all of them by paying a small surcharge.




don't forget the testimonials!















"our family enjoyed our stay at the tropicana very much and the staff was courtesy. check in and out was very easy and we will book future rooms through cash saver las vegas."


eric sorenson - fullerton, ca






"thank you for the most wonderful vacation in las vegas. our room at the imperial palace center strip was very nice and the casino was so large we kept getting lost. i highly recommend the poolside luau."


rose scott - new york, ny






"my wife and i recently returned from a travel saver vacation in las vegas at the key largo. we had an absolutely wonderful time. the service was great, the pool was cool, and the gambling was fun. the best part-the hotel reservations were free! we sincerely look forward to our return to the key largo casino. we wish your company the best."


mark and kaylyn regier - bakersfield, ca






"we just wanted to thank you for our beautiful suite at the rio in las vegas. it was beautiful and our honeymoon was perfect. thanks again, and here's a shirt from 99.1 real rock."


sean and kelly crain - baxter, mn






"we used your vacation certificate for our 39th wedding anniversary in lake tahoe. we couldn't have asked for a better time. our room faced the lake and the staff gave us free breakfast and lots of casino coupons."


marilyn luston - weaverville, ca






"this is to say that we had a wonderful time at the portofino inn at disneyland. it rained both days we were there and the folks at the hotel said it only rains 5 times a year. we will recommend your offers to our friends as we had a very nice accommodations. thanks for your services."


sharon williams - jackson, tn






"thank you so much for your generous offerings. the free stay and coupon books at the key largo was such a sweet, memorable experience at the tropical settings. together they have added to our las vegas vacation trip with pampers and money savings."


keith han - west covina, ca






"we were very impressed with our accommodations in las vegas. beautiful gardens w/ fountains were a beautiful sight when we opened our door. we will definitely be coming back in the future."


c. neukirch - seattle, wa






"my wife and i took advantage of your promotion and stayed at the key largo in las vegas. we were extremely pleased with hotel personnel and the attention given our requests. our stay was a memorable experience."


everet clifton - idaho falls, id






"we had a pleasant stay in anaheim in november. we were close to disneyland and it was very convenient for our family. thanks for the vacation."


pam davinson-harper - dallas, tx






"thanks for the free stay in myrtle beach, sc. we had wonderful rooms at the ocean sands and will return next year for some golfing. we went the wrong time of year as it was muggy and hot in july. dan will book us for april next year. we got your offer from coastal vacations and also have several more to use.


dan & marge deng - freehold, nj






"we were very pleased with our accommodations and services in lake tahoe. we also have a vacation certificate that we will be using in reno later this year."


robert martin - vale, oregon






"my husband and i just returned from the most wonderful vacation in branson. the staff at the victorian palace were wonderful and helped us get into several shows that were sold out. this was the first time we had ever tried one of these free vacation offers and i still can't get over the fact that it worked. i also want to thank eric edwards studio that gave us your vacation certificate with our portrait. thank you again for the offer."


belva francis - palmdale, ca











































































copyright © 2010-present paradise vacations online | arizona web design by - arizona web architects 



welcomeprivacyterms 





