







duplin country club - kenansville, nc












































reservations: 910.290.9029

book a tee timeemail club
 











golf coursepro shopamenitieseventsweddingscorporate eventsevents calendarmembershipsgallerycontact
























duplin country club
your next golf adventure

												book a tee time






 

scroll down













 









                                                    golf                        
                        
                    
in kenansville, nc
duplin country club is a beautiful 18 hole par 72 golf course with champion bermuda greens. centrally located less than one hour away from raleigh, wilmington, jacksonville, and fayetteville. we’re the place that brings together families, friends, and community members to create lasting memories, active lifestyles, and a sense of belonging. no matter what you enjoy – golf, tennis, swimming – you can do that here. we’re the perfect place for every pace. from avid golfers to families with young children, duplin country club offers activities everyone can enjoy.
course details



















 




                                            membership opportunities                    
                    
                
duplin country club offers diverse membership opportunities that were designed to fit the lifestyle and needs of individuals, families, and businesses. 
view
membership info





 




                                            weddings                    
                    
                
brides and grooms across eastern north carolina fall in love with duplin country club and many have chosen us to host their special day.
view our venue





 




                                            amenities                    
                    
                
visit duplin country club, where you’ll find members sipping and socializing during weekly events like sunday winedown, super ball or ladies night. this is a great way to meet other members and toast to new and lasting friendships.
learn more












receive exclusive deals
join our e-club






first name(*)


invalid input



last name(*)


invalid input



email(*)


invalid input





submit















book a tee time: 910.290.9029148 duplin country club rd, kenansville, nc 28349
 
© 2023 duplin country club | contact us | site mappowered by foreup marketing services





close 







home








tee times








gallery








contact







golf coursepro shopamenitieseventsweddingscorporate eventsevents calendarmembershipsgallerycontact


reservations: 910.290.9029 
book a tee timeemail club
 
 



