








welcome to galena's historic victorian mansion


























































 

facebookmailgive us a call: 815-777-0675 


welcome
about
rooms

the lincoln room
the julia suite
the jackson room
the estey suite
the grace suite
the primrose room
the roosevelt room
the general suite
the loft suite
the blackhawk suite


photos
videos
contact
check availability

search
 






introducing our newly redesigned loft suite
the estey suite
the julia suite
play billiards
relax
previousnext1234567

the galena inn ~ it’s about timea short distance to travel to feel worlds away
book your room

’victorian chic’ accommodations –  a blend of modern style with elegant hints from the past
planning a stay at the galena inn  (previously the victorian mansion) bed and breakfast not only opens the doors to a beautiful b&b, but also unique experiences in historic galena, illinois and jo daviess county.
accommodations include eight guest rooms, each with its own private bath and unique character. all of our rooms have egyptian cotton linens and deluxe pillow top mattresses. enjoy walking our of english gardens or relax  in the hot tub spa.
begin every morning with a full breakfast and head out to explore galena.





a little of our history
built in 1856 by augustus estey, a wealthy banker and lead smelter, this victorian era estate has been authentically furnished and restored.
the elegant italianate style mansion sits on over 2 acres where its doors were often opened for entertaining galena’s most prominent citizens, including america’s 18th president, ulysses s. grant. it was from our balcony, during his farewell party hosted by augustus estey that resident grant’s departing speech was delivered to the citizens of galena.




a warm welcome from the galena inn!we trust you will find a room that suits your needs and chose to stay with us.
if you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us.



take part in what’s going on in galena
things to do all year long
start the day with yoga in the park
enjoy an afternoon wine tasting and tour
take a ride down the “alpine slide” or ski the slopes at chestnut mountain
jump in a kayak or canoe and travel down the galena river
discover the unspoiled banks of the mississippi river
take part in the inviting nightlife on main street
catch a magic show on main street



enjoy a hot tub under the stars
































   

 

 301 south high street
galena illinois, 61036
send email
815-777-0675
privacy policy







©copyright2022 - galena inn - give us a call: 815-777-0675
facebookmailwelcome
about
rooms
photos
videos
contact
check availability



















scroll to top



