








b.e.t.t. - best estate through texas - a central place!
















































b.e.t.t. – best estate through texas

search


primary menu
skip to content
home
about
contact
privacy policy
terms of use
 





search for:



 









uncategorized

wedding planning priorities – will planning your wedding take two months or two years?

october 5, 2016 admin 



how long does it take to plan a wedding?
have you heard the expression that a task takes the time allotted to it? wedding planning is exactly like that. it can take weeks to years, depending on… well, that is what this article is about:
when is your wedding?
assuming you do not have a shotgun pointed at your head, you will take some time to plan your wedding – even if it is an elopement. once you set a date, you can calculate how much time there is between now and then; alternatively, you can do it the other way – which is to decide how long you need to plan the wedding and then set a date.
set your priorities
the closer the date, the fewer choices you get to control because fewer resources are available. pick the most important item(s) to you and your future spouse to lock in first. it could be the date, the ceremony location, the reception, the attendance of someone who lives far away, the time required to obtain a specific wedding gown, or perhaps the availability of your favorite vendor: the officiant, florist, photographer, videographer, caterer, a wedding singer, band or dj, or wedding coordinator.

what is your style?
planning a wedding is about creating several different events to happen in a short period of time.

are you a lone planner or do you work better as part of a team?
how much can you do in a day with or without getting stressed?
can you make many decisions on the spot, do you need to have someone with you or do you need to “sleep on it” so that you do not change your mind?
how much research do you want or need to do before you start planning?
will you rely on the experience of a family member or friend?
will you hire a wedding coordinator and use their experience to shorten your learning curve and use vendors with whom they have proven successes?

how close do you live to your wedding location?if you do not live near the location of your wedding, how many trips to your wedding location will you make before the wedding? are you depending on family members, friends, or local vendors and strangers to help make decisions? will you have other events and responsibilities when visiting this location, i.e.: how much time will you have for wedding planning when you are there?
enjoy the process
you want a put together event. hopefully, you only have to do this once. create and use a team to help you. if you can afford it, do not reinvent the wheel and use experienced wedding professionals. (they have already made their mistakes on someone else’s event.)
take a break and for some comedy and light entertainment [http://www.brideandgroomthankyougifts.com/romance-and-wedding-dvd-movies]. there is a nice list of wedding planning movies you can watch with your intended or planning team.
summary
wedding planning is about research, preferences, priorities, trade-offs, budget, compromise and decisions.

who is on the planning team, who is on the implementation team, and what are their assignments?
who controls the budget and who is the final decision maker?

you can focus on your wedding planning and get it done it a short time or you can take the same amount of time or longer and stretch it out over weeks or months. how long will it take to plan your wedding? it is up to you.


where to shop
go to [http://www.brideandgroomthankyougifts.com] for wedding presents, wedding gifts and wedding favors. we know what it takes to plan a wedding… look around our website to find most wedding day accessories, wedding thank you gifts, and traditional wedding day items associated with events of a wedding. find wedding bubbles, bridal party gifts or wedding thank you gifts for all your wedding day guests.
we have been in this business for more than 15 years! you will find what you are looking for here, and if by chance you don’t, please let us know so we may find it for you! we have more helpful information and additional articles which may assist you as you plan for your special wedding day. our expertise is providing you creative, tasteful and memorable gifts to thank everyone who is involved in your wedding. sign up today for our exclusive offers.
copyright 2007 – marketing good stuff, inc. all rights reserved worldwide. reprint rights: you may reprint this article as long as you leave all of the links active, do not edit the article.

article source: http://ezinearticles.com/expert/elizabeth_hamilton/108453





san antonio & boerne

shopping for ranches for sale in texas

october 1, 2016 admin 


shopping for ranches for sale in texas
the time had finally come to start living out our dreams. my family loved the cowboy way of life. we had a horse and several cows, but we were ready for more. it took us some time to get to the place financially where we wanted to be, but we were getting there and it was time to start turning our dreams into reality.
land for sale in texas
homes for sale in san antonio tx
homes for sale in boerne tx

my family was ready to start looking at ranches for sale in texas. it was going to be something that each and everyone of us enjoyed and a way for us to spend quality time together. we had other family members that were interested in helping us, too, and they were just about as excited as we were.
after shopping for several months, we finally made an offer on the perfect ranch. it wasn’t far from where we currently lived and it was large enough to have all of the animals that we wanted. it was lacking a couple things, but for the price, we could easily add them ourselves. it was going to take some getting used to, but i knew that once we moved onto our ranch, we would be much happier.





uncategorized

3 reasons why seo for real estate is recommended

september 1, 2016 admin 



real estate is one of the industries that benefited from the revolution brought by the internet. today, hundreds of different companies are competing against each other using the internet because it is easier to reach a wider range of audience without spending more resources. unfortunately, this revolution brought the competition to another level, and that is through the domination of search engine results.
seo for real estate is very important, especially if you want to harness the real power of the internet. the sad thing is that this market requires a more competitive seo approach compared to other industries. dozens of companies are willing to spend hundreds of thousands of dollars to optimize their website, hoping that this will bring tens of millions of dollars in revenue. before you start looking for seo services, let us discuss first the reasons why seo is very important.
increased visibility
as a real estate player, you already know that converting visitors to buying customers is a very hard work, unless of course they are visiting your website with the intention of buying a property. always remember that the secret of becoming a successful real estate industry player is to start generating more impressions and delivering more visitors to your website.
if you were able to dominate the search engine results using a complex approach on seo for real estate, you will be receiving immeasurable amounts of traffic, which can be converted into sales – with proper marketing of course. to make it simpler, let’s just say no visitor means no sale.
targeted audience
of course, visibility will increase your revenue, but it still depends on the “quality” of visitors that your website receives. how will you classify someone who uses search engines to search for “where to buy real estate properties for sale”? can you classify them as people who are interested in buying a property in a “blink of an eye”? or are they simply wasting their time looking for properties that they won’t buy?
of course, these people are the ones that you want to be on your website. they are the people who are willing to buy estate properties and are simply looking for the best place to get the best deal.

cheaper
advertising and promoting your business on the internet will literally burn a hole in your pocket. unless you know how to fully-utilize or play with advertising platforms, you’ll be spending thousands of dollars before you could even make a sale. the problem with advertising and promoting is that money comes out of your pocket whether you make money from advertising or not.
seo for real estate is more advisable because it is a process. all you have to do is to look for a credible seo service and they will be handling all the tasks of optimizing your website. you’ll take all the sales, and all you have to do is to pay the company a monthly service fee, which is a lot cheaper, compared to most advertising platforms, especially for this industry.


extreme seo philippines offers quality and reliable seo service for real estate that has proven ranking results.
we are one of those few seo service philippines that already helped alot of real estate clients get their site rank high in the search engines. visit us now!

article source: http://ezinearticles.com/expert/jomer_gregorio/341248
article source: http://ezinearticles.com/6252933













search for:



social media 

















