




















welcome - illinois poet laureate


























skip to main content





















                     agencies




                     services



































are you illinois’ next poet laureate? learn more and submit your application today! deadline for submission is march 5, 2025.


close button











 



about poet laureate


























































ms. jackson bio





'giving thanks' by ms. jackson





honorary poet laureate john prine





scheduling a visit





leslie jackson poetry contest





golden poets contest 2024





lawson prize





coming events





past features




adrian matejka


angela jackson


rebecca wee


richard jones


janice n. harrington


brigit pegeen kelly


michael van walleghen


john knoepfle


susan hahn


haki r. madhubuti


li-young lee


lisel mueller


edward hirsch


mark turcotte


stuart dybek


amy newman


christina pugh


joanne diaz


simone muench


jeffery renard allen


adam clay


martha vertreace-doody


john bradley


bruce guernsey





illinois poet's forum





past forums




michael van walleghen


john knoepfle


susan hahn


haki r. madhubuti


lisel mueller


christina pugh


joanne diaz


bruce guernsey


brigit pegeen kelly


simone muench





advice to youth





former laureates




howard austin


carl sandburg


gwendolyn brooks


kevin stein





poetry links








                                    more
                                    








about poet laureate

































 welcome






gov. pritzker and first lady pritzker announce open applications for next illinois poet laureate
new poet laureate will foster literary engagement and expand access to poetry across the state
 
chicago — today, governor jb pritzker and first lady mk pritzker announced an open call for poets statewide to apply to be considered as the next illinois poet laureate. the illinois poet laureate is an honorary state position appointed by the governor, tasked with promoting access to literary arts and raising awareness through statewide community engagement. the office of the governor is partnering with the illinois arts council, illinois humanities, and the poetry foundation to collaborate on the search process and in supporting the position.
“the selection of a poet laureate is a unique opportunity to bring awareness to our state’s rich history of literary arts and shine a spotlight on the amazing poets that call illinois home,” said governor jb pritzker and first lady mk pritzker. “we were proud to name angela jackson as illinois poet laureate in 2020 and are excited to review another group of amazingly talented candidates to select from.”
illinois has a long history of having acclaimed poets laureate including howard b. austin (1936-1962), carl sandburg (1962-1967), gwendolyn brooks (1968-2000), and kevin stein (2003-2017). in 2020, governor pritzker named angela jackson as the state’s fifth poet laureate and declared john prine posthumously as the first honorary poet laureate of illinois.
"this has been the experience of my life,” said illinois poet laureate angela jackson. “if you have been a well-regarded poet for years and find that you have more to give, then you should think about serving as illinois poet laureate. so step up and go for it."
“the illinois poet laureate serves as a vital bridge between the arts and our communities,” said joshua davis-ruperto, executive director of the illinois arts council. “we invite poets from all backgrounds to apply for this opportunity to celebrate our state’s diverse voices and stories. together, we can inspire a deeper appreciation for poetry among all illinoisans.”
“the position of illinois poet laureate has a storied legacy. as illinois' first black poet laureate, gwendolyn brooks transformed the honor into a promise - to encourage and support youth poets throughout the state,” said gabrielle lyon, executive director of illinois humanities. “poet laureate angela jackson has carried this legacy forward as an ambassador for poetry, creativity, and self-expression. we look forward to welcoming a new poet laureate who will continue this distinguished tradition.”
“the illinois poet laureate has the distinct privilege of elevating poetry and its ability to inspire us to tap into our creative voice,” said poetry foundation president and ceo, michelle t. boone. “on behalf of our entire board of trustees and staff, we thank outgoing poet laureate angela jackson for her service to illinois through poetry and look forward to welcoming the next poet who will fill this important role.”
a search committee made up of qualified individuals representing a diverse group of literary experts, writers, educators, and advocates from across the state will oversee the application and first round of selection. first lady mk pritzker serves as the honorary chair of the committee.
as a distinguished poet, the poet laureate represents and celebrates the diversity and history of illinois by promoting literacy and the art of poetry through making content available and presentations at a range of public, educational, private, and electronic venues – including, but not limited to, schools, libraries, universities, community colleges, local writing groups, online, and social media. as a champion of the state’s literary community, the poet laureate endeavors to promote the many cultural and artistic achievements of the state of illinois and demonstrates a commitment to promoting and celebrating the literature of illinois’ diverse cultures, ages, abilities, orientations, and rural and urban regions.
interested individuals can find details including eligibility requirements, application guidelines, and important deadlines at https://arts.illinois.gov/search-for-next-poet-laureate.html. eligible poets are encouraged to apply by march 5, 2025, and the next poet laureate will be announced by april 30, 2025. the individual selected will serve an at-will four-year term from july 1, 2025 – june 30, 2029. 




























                    
                    tracking love’s print across these pages
                

 
poet laureate angela jackson invites you to read her poem tracking love’s print across these pages in celebration of black history month.



        
        tracking love’s print across these pages poem
    















 a holiday message from illinois poet laureate angela jackson




 (11/27/2024)



dear fellow illinoisians, 
the holidays are upon us and america is in a mixed mood. perhaps we find ourselves in a time as described by w.b. yeats in 1919’s “second coming” “and what rough beast, its hour come round at last,/slouches toward bethlehem to be born?” who knows. 
some of us got more than we bargained for. some of us got more than we hoped for. some of us got nothing. more than ever we need poetry. poetry has the power to heal and seal wounds. poetry has power to speak in whispers that cross canyons of differences and touch hearts of the willing. poetry does not have all the answers, but it turns us to the truth of our shared humanity. as poet laureate gwendolyn brooks said in “infirm” “everybody here/is infirm.” 
i had a cousin named willie mae whom i loved dearly. she was pretty like a black dolly parton. she appeared in several of my poems because she made such an impression on me. i think you’ll recognize mrs. willie mae allen kyles as someone you know in this must need be season of good will toward all. now i’ll share a funny poem. 
 
the resolution
willie was drinking mist and mixing batter 
and mistook the mist for milk. 
didn’t intend to make so happy a cake 
but that was a pleasurable mistake 
of which we partook with sliding smiles. 
it was too late to turn back 
after one and one-half pounds of butter 
after a half-dozen eggs devoted to what 
was to come in coconut 
and chocolate pecan. 
this was our lesson for the new year: 
be devoted to delight, be bringer 
of good cheer, stir as right as you 
might, and turn away from no 
ingenious serendipity, discard no sleight 
of hand, and do the sweetest you can, 
angela jackson 
 
may the coming year find you healthy and happy.  
angela jackson 
poet laureate of illinois 




the restorative power of poetry article source










all may enter
all may enter the realm of the poem. poetry belongs to each of us, wealthy, super rich, middle class, working class, and poor. i think the shut out --- middle class, working class and poor have a storehouse of poems yet to be heard. we are each rich with the beauty and purpose of words, if written words are available to us and we let their potential in. literacy is a vital component of the power of poetry. it is a vital component of the people's power. but poetry may be oral as were the first poems. chants and ritual words sung as the tribe gathered. poetry is the language of the heart, brain, body and soul. it moves as the spirit moves us --- in rhythms, definite and distinct.
"poetry is life distilled," wrote legendary poet laureate gwendolyn brooks (il 1968 – 2000). in the realm of each poem, we find contained the nucleus of life itself, some truth that otherwise eluded us, but pulses in our daily lives, behind our eyes, on the edge of a smile or frown, laughter or weeping. sometimes there is a word-picture that catches our breath and inspires us, an image that makes us see a-new, a cunning turn of language that makes us want to speak in tongues.
poetry becomes more popular in times of turmoil and social upheaval, such as today. the motto of the civil rights movement was "transforming hearts and minds." what better way than through poetry? "we shall overcome" is a poem sung. people need poems to speak the powerful currents of ideas that impel us forward to push against the gray walls of the past. poet denise levertov in her poem "jacob's ladder" describes a man struggling up a ladder when "wings brush past him./ the poem ascends." when we speak as poets, we are truest to our humanity and we assume a sacred task. we ascend as angels ascend. we put on our wings. brown, white, asian, black we ascend as angels ascend.
haki madhubuti writes "poetry has a way of attaching itself to strangers." yes, for inside the poem we are not strangers long, for poems speak intimately and immediately, one heart to one heart even in a crowd listening to loud mesmerizing spoken word poetry. alan shapiro writes, "reading poetry is an act of love." we pour ourselves into the words and their meanings and music. they pour themselves into us as we read. we become lovers and healers as well. some poets shape poems from their dreams. poems come out of their dreams. and we give these dreams to a world that needs more " dreams and dreamers, songs and singers of songs," if i may borrow from langston hughes.
"poetry is life distilled," as brooks said, and we drink it and are revived and enabled to live our own lives with keener insights, more robust passion, and tender compassion and courage. wherever we live --- in city, town, countryside, rural area, we are revived by the power of poetry. all of us in illinois and beyond restored in the realm of the poem.
i am honored and excited to follow illinois esteemed poet laureates howard austin, carl sandburg, gwendolyn brooks, and kevin stein. illinois has a rich poetic history and promises more truth and beauty, brimming with life. in the realm of the poem, all are welcome. 










angela jackson to serve as fifth illinois poet laureate
acclaimed chicago southside native to fill position left vacant since 2017
first lady mk pritzker today announced the selection of angela jackson as the next poet laureate for the state of illinois. jackson is the fifth illinoisan to hold the title, an honorary position selected by a committee of experts and subsequently appointed by the governor.

jackson is an accomplished and award-winning poet, novelist, and playwright, who has published three chapbooks and four volumes of poetry. as illinois’ next poet laureate, jackson will work to promote poetry at the state and national level and had a poem published in today’s new york times to celebrate thanksgiving. she will join only four other esteemed poets who have previously held this coveted title. the first illinois poet laureate, howard b. austin, was named in 1936. the three other poets who have held the title are carl sandburg (1962-67), gwendolyn brooks (1968-2000), and kevin stein (2003-2017). in june, gov. pritzker posthumously named john prine an honorary poet laureate.

“illinois has a proud history of poets who have given us reason for hope in dark times, offered poignant insight into our own humanity and delivered profound social critiques, and as i considered the nominees to be our next poet laureate, all of these qualities were important in making the final choice,” said first lady mk pritzker, honorary chair and final judge of the 2020 illinois poet laureate search committee. “members of the committee nominated astounding talents from our state, and i’m grateful for their work. after spending countless hours reviewing all the nominees’ works, i’m confident that angela jackson will continue to be a bright shining light of wisdom, inspiration and connection as she promotes the power of poetry.”

“i am honored and excited to have been selected to serve as illinois poet laureate,” said angela jackson. “legendary poet laureate gwendolyn brooks said, ‘poetry is life distilled.’ i hope to bring to illinoisans poetry that they can relate to, be lifted by, and find their lives illuminated in. poems bring us to ourselves and poems bring us together.”

in june, the governor and first lady pritzker announced the formation of the 2020 illinois poet laureate search committee to fill the position that has been vacant since late 2017. the committee, comprised of poets, writers, and academics from across the state, reviewed nominations submitted by the public and recommended three finalists to be the state’s next poet laureate.

“illinois has a proud history of influential poets and i’m proud to continue this tradition by formally appointing our state’s next poet laureate,” said governor jb pritzker. “angela jackson is an acclaimed poet and writer and her expansive breadth of work has already inspired so many. i know her words will have a profound impact on the residents of our state as well as the next generation of aspiring poets.”

“angela jackson’s poems dwell in fervid topographies of family and myth, heart and tongue,” said previous illinois poet laureate kevin stein. “her lines bristle with the melody of conversation and soulful blues, her voice unwaveringly human.”

jackson was born in greenville, mississippi and raised on chicago’s southside and educated at northwestern university and the university of chicago. she was a 20-year member of the organization of black american culture (obac) writers workshop, succeeding the late hoyt w. fuller as its chair.

of angela’s volumes, dark legs and silk kisses: the beatitudes of the spinners was awarded the carl sandburg award and the chicago sun-times/friends of literature book of the year award. and all these roads be luminous: poems selected and new was nominated for the national book award. it seems like a mighty long time was nominated for the pulitzer prize, the pen/open book award, a finalist for the hurston/wright legacy award, and a finalist for the milt kessler poetry prize.

jackson has received the shelley memorial award of the poetry society of america, a pushcart prize, the illinois center for the book heritage award, the chicago literary hall of fame fuller award, and the literary hall of fame for writers of african descent from chicago state university. in additional to her poetry, jackson’s novels and plays have also been widely recognized and she has received two american book awards.
















footer









back to top







stay informed

emergencies & disasters
flag honors
road conditions
traffic alerts
get email updates



helpful links

illinois privacy info
kids privacy
contact us
foia contacts
state press contacts





































web accessibility


missing & exploited children


amber alerts


illinois privacy info



governor jb pritzker
© 2025
state of illinois






















