



swimming school for kids, babies & toddlers | swimkids







































 


 













enroll








swim programs 







swim programs 
science shows that swim lessons significantly reduce the risk of drowning. choose the swim program that works best for your child and start learning to swim today!
 
add an extra day and save $30!  swimbabies, swimtots and swimkids…swim a second day per week and you will receive a $30 discount.






 
                                    baby swim lessons (ages 2 to 36 mos.)                                

starting at only two-months old, babies benefit & love the mobility a weightless environment offers. parents will love this special time to bond with their baby in the water. studies show that swimbabies are smartbabies!


learn more






 
                                    tots swim lessons (ages 3-5 yrs.)                                

your preschooler will be given the chance to discover the joys of swimming at their own pace and thrive in a fun and nurturing environment without their caregiver.


learn more






 
                                    kids swim lessons (ages 6+)                                

children gain skills and confidence through our seamless and rewarding leveling program. learn the foundations of swimming: breathing, floating, kicking and then be able to play the game of swimming


learn more






 
                                    stealth® swim team (ages 6+)                                

stealth, swimkids year-round swim team, offer youth an opportunity for continued growth, technique refinement, endurance swimming and challenge in a fun and personal environment.


learn more






 
                                    adapted swim lessons                                

swimkids believes swim lessons and a love for the water are gifts everyone deserves to enjoy, no matter what challenges they may face.


learn more









swim camps & proclinics 


locations 







choose your location 
with 4 convenient locations near you, your child will be swimming before you know it.
 







                                    gainesville, virginia                                

indoor facility located at 13555 wellington center cir.
pool temperature ~88-91 degrees year around







                                    leesburg, virginia                                

indoor facility located at 681 potomac station dr.
pool temperature ~88-91 degrees year around







                                    woodbridge, virginia                                

indoor facility located at 14531 potomac mills rd.
pool temperature ~88-91 degrees year around









about 







about swimkids 
swimkids proven process customizes lessons to fit your swimmer’s learning style. you will be amazed at your swimmer’s progress. our super friendly and professional staff builds loving relationships that saves lives.







                                    our story                                

we started with a backyard pool and a passion for teaching. this is our story.







                                    our team                                

the people that have helped make us a top workplace for the past 5 years.







                                    philosophy                                

a gift of confidence and safety in and around the water.







                                    safety                                

dedicated to the highest safety standards for all students and their families.







                                    facilities                                

at the heart of every swimkids location are our pools. see the difference.







                                    testimonials                                









transfers & makeups 







welcome to swimkids online! 
skip the lines & phones by doing it online! convenient, fast, and at your fingertips.







                                    schedule a makeup                                

swimmers are given one free makeup per quarter. all makeups will be scheduled within seven days and confirmed with an email. click here to get started.


request a makeup







                                    request a transfer                                

need a new time, day or level? transfers can be scheduled up to three weeks in advance and will be confirmed with an email. click here to get started.


request a transfer









login 


enroll 



















your child’s love of swimming begins now 
view swim programs























































1,000,000+



                        lessons taught & counting                        


over 1 million lessons isn’t just good luck… experience our difference!











$100,000



                        raised for charity                        


swimkids & hope floats foundation teach underprivileged children to swim.

















1,000+



                        5 star reviews                        


kids love us, but parents love us even more!


















our mission
safe swimming for all children
swimkids was founded on two simple beliefs: every child deserves to learn the joy of swimming and develop a lifelong love of the water. our mission is to build loving relationships that save lives!
 we are proud to offer the highest standards for safety and instructors in the nation. whether your child is two months old, six years old, or sixteen, it is never too early — or too late — to begin their swimming journey with swimkids!
hope floats foundation
we are proud that our swimkids founder cindy tonnesen is also the founder of hope floats foundation.  cindy is hard at work to make sure all children have the opportunity to learn the lifesaving skill of swimming. when we say all children we mean all children. swimkids is committed to providing scholarships & swim lessons to underprivileged children through our partnership with hope floats foundation.















crystal clean
the swimkids safety difference
ten years ago, our founders had the foresight to build our swimming pools with cutting edge inline ultraviolet (uv) systems. they knew these precautions would keep the water cleaner and therefore safer. we use uv light to keep our water crystal clean. (uv light kills viruses and microorganisms that chlorine alone can’t handle, like coronavirus, and cryptosporidium.) we believe our primary responsibility is providing safer water and clean facilities for our member families and are constantly working towards achieving this goal.
 
more about safety







our programs swim classes for kids at every level 




baby swim lessons
starting at only two months old, babies benefit & love the mobility a weightless environment offers.  parents will love this special time to bond with their baby in the water. 
  enroll now
  baby swim lessons








tots swim lessons
your preschooler will thrive in a fun and nurturing self-paced environment. 
 
  enroll now
  preschool swim lessons








kids swim lessons
we group children together based on age and ability to foster a rewarding environment for growth. students develop the foundational skills of swimming needed to learn all four competitive strokes.
 
  enroll now
  kids swim lessons








competitive swim team
as your swimmer advances, they may seek out new challenges. the stealth kids swim team teaches sportsmanship in a flexible, friendly, yet competitive environment. 
  enroll now
  competitive swim team








adapted swim lessons
we proudly offer lessons designed for special abilities children, emphasizing positivity in the pool, tailored to each child’s strengths.
 
  enroll now
  special abilities lessons


























swimkids means locals serving locals
swimkids began with a backyard pool. we kept our business local ever since.






dave starts coaching and the journey begins! dave begins to spread his love of swimming to younger generations by coaching for the veterans park swim team during the summer of 87’! this is him pictured with his younger sister, krissy, who is now a part owner at swimkids and in charge of operations. 







                    1990                    +1








the ‘science project’ years dave and cindy built a backyard pool in 1997 so they could begin teaching lessons in the community during the warm summer months!  







                    1997                    +1








dream big the first several years were focused on finding the right system, the right coaches, and the right teaching methods that would ensure success for each and every swimmer! 







                    1999                    +1








cindy laid out plans cindy worked out the logistics for eagles nest, their home swimming pool. 




continued growth at eagles nest cindy and dave move to manassas, va in 2003 to a home with an indoor pool, to serve the excited swimmers and families who wanted the joy and benefits of swimming all year round. cindy had to get a little creative with parking spots so as to avoid upsetting neighbors!  




kid approved lessons cindy and dave continue to teach lessons at their home and further develop the curriculum and business. the smiles these lessons were bringing were pretty hard to ignore — they knew they were doing something right!  







                    2003                    +3








fredericksburg lessons now available! we worked with the regency sports park in fredericksburg, va to begin teaching our lessons at their facility in 2005. 







                    2005                    +1








our very first “personalized” pool! cindy and dave created their own facility for our families’ specific needs from scratch in gainesville, va. this location is still as stunning as it was on opening day!  




gainesville opens the doors to our very first custom made swimkids swim school open for the first time. 







                    2010                    +2








coming to a pool near you! we expand our business to leesburg, va. (and yes, we do have plenty of these highly fashionable goggles at all our locations!)  







                    2011                    +1








woodbridge opens in 2012 swimkids opened its flagship facility, 10,200 sq feet, in woodbridge, va. 




world’s largest swimming lesson each year in june swimkids participates with swim programs all around the world in the “world’s largest swim lesson.  the event focuses on necessary water safety skills. upon a 3-2-1 countdown, thousands of children all over the world participate in the same swim lesson to help fight high global rates of child drowning! 







one for the books! you can bet our swimmers get very excited about being in the guinness book of world records! 




                    2012                    +3








2018 special olympics swimkids knows that all children have the potential for greatness in the water. we are passionate about providing high quality and individualized training to people with various special abilities so that their swimming goals are achievable. here’s a few of our outstanding swimmers at the special olympic games in 2018! 




olympic gold one of our extremely talented swimmers took home a 2018 gold medal in one of his events at the special olympics usa games! we couldn’t have been more proud to have been a part of his training and swimming success. 







                    2018                    +2










locationsour expert instructors are ready to teach your future swimmer. find your convenient location and enroll today! 


gainesville, virginia
13555 wellington center cir.                        unit 109                        gainesville, va 20155                    
learn2swim@swimkids.us (571) 261-7946
view location



leesburg, virginia
681 potomac station dr.                                                leesburg, va 20176                    
learn2swim@swimkids.us (703) 962-7946
view location



woodbridge, virginia
14531 potomac mills rd.                                                woodbridge, va 22192                    
learn2swim@swimkids.us (703) 396-7946
view location
























facebook
twitter
linked in
instagram
 




us swim schools
usa swimming
hope floats foundation
 


swim programs
swimbabies
swimtots
swimkids
stealth swim team
adapted swim lessons
 


locations
gainesville, virginia
leesburg, virginia
woodbridge, virginia
 


swimkids
faqs
jobs
blog
schedule a makeup lesson
transfer to another class
contact us
privacy
 








						© 2025 copyright swimkids. 
						jackrabbit class by actioneer - powered by crump tech.
					












