


eitp | early intervention training program
























 





 





  


early intervention training program at the university of illinois


 menu

home
new to ei
training events
resources
credit requests
about
faq
newsletters
covid-19







  
  
  
  
  






mission and core values
the early intervention training program at the  university of illinois provides training opportunities for early intervention  professionals in illinois. funded by the illinois department of human services bureau of early intervention, our mission is to develop a system that is regionalized, responsive and reflective of best practice in the field of early intervention in illinois while promoting growth, service, and belonging.
 
more about eitp



principles of early intervention
the illinois interagency council on early intervention's "principles of   early intervention" guide the outcomes we hope to achieve through our   early intervention training model. all early interventionists in illinois should adhere to these principles   as they serve children and families, reflect on what each principle means to them and know what the principles look like in practice.
 
more about ei principles






upcoming training events


eitp sponsors numerous  training events each year that support the mission and vision of the illinois  early intervention system. our "non-eitp events" calendar also includes events from  other sponsoring entities that have been reviewed by eitp for early intervention credit. these events are shared as training resources to  the field. these reviewed events are posted to our training calendar as a  courtesy not as an endorsement.  please check the calendar for the amount of credit for each event. training events may be  face-to-face or online.
 
eitp events eitp online events non-eitp events 
 
eitp cancellation refund policy





announcements previous announcements








a program of the department of special education in the college of education at the university of illinois  at urbana-champaign funded by a grant from the illinois department of human services bureau of early intervention. disclaimer and  ui web policy ©early intervention training program at the university of illinois 



contact us





cookie settings














