



home












 


  
 


 listings
                  (current)

latest
showcase
featured
hotsales


 hot
                  sales 
 evaluation
                   
 financing
                   
 password
                   
 contact
                   








 




find your
                dream 
                practice...
  get started   latest listings  







spotlight
            listings...




  


showcase





  


hotsale





  


featured



 


latest listings...






  

corsicana, tx practice for sale: 
18 year successful cash practice
				collecting $887,202.00. net cash flow [after add backs] $577,092.00. 615 new
				patients / 18,315 total visits. exceptionally equipped & staffed. open 4 days
				weekly - closed friday for extended weekends. low stress / low overhead /
				enjoyable practice!! this is a quaint & growing rural community with 5 lakes
				nearby for a plethora of outdoor activities! just 1 hour from dallas.
				beautiful facility - perfect location. ideal for the next dc to step in this 'near
				perfect machine' and 'live the good life' while saving for early retirement!
				financing available oac.
										   id# ddjnx5 

confidential profile






  

boulder, co practice for sale: 
38 year 'successful'
chiropractic wellness practice collecting $529,853.00. net cash flow [after add
backs] $287,059.00. 272 new patients. open 4.5 days weekly. well equipped and
staffed. all management systems in place: 'total-turn key'. prime location -
established patient base - strong reputation - beautiful & inviting facility. ideal
for the next dc to step in and grow practice with little effort! this is a low stress -
low overhead - enjoyable practice!! financing available oac.
						   id# neddx5 

confidential profile






  

west linn, or  practice for sale: 
well established [generational] practice collecting
				$787,652.00. 468 new patients / 6,734 total visits. exceptionally staffed & staffed.
				gorgeous facility. this is an affluent health conscious community with expendable
				income. google ratings are 4.9/5 with 338 reviews & growing! credentialed with
				the much coveted care oregon, and nearly all insurance panels. some of the finest
				schools in the state of oregon. plethora of outdoor activities within this
				pristine region. current dc retiring, perfect for the next dc to step in and grow
				practice with little effort!! 'live long & well in paradise'!! financing available
				oac.
										   id# irehx5 

confidential profile






  

brentwood, tn  practice for sale: 
well established 'successful'
			practice collecting $1,117,268.00. 600 new patients / 17,676 total visits. exceptionally
			equipped & staffed. management systems in place - total 'turn-key'! ideal location - easy
			access. plenty of room for growth. this is a low overhead - low stress - enjoyable
			practice. this is an upscale 'health conscious' community with expendable income. this is
			a family community with great schools & plethora of amenities. perfect opportunity to
			'live well' while saving for early retirement! financing available oac.
									   id# yjgrx5 

confidential profile






  

north peoria, az practice for sale:
well established practice
collecting $422,573.00. 629 new patients / 7,012 total visits. practice located in
the affluent community of north peoria minutes from the 303 & 101 for easy
access from anywhere in the valley of the sun. close to powerhouse anchors
such as: sprouts, home depot, office max, in-n-out burger, chili's, petsmart &
much more! top ranked school district. high growth community with tsmc
arizona - taiwan semiconductor moving in. $40b investment with more than 20k
jobs to fill. current dc retiring - ideal for the next dc to jump in and continue to
'grow practice' in this perfect [beautiful] location. financing available oac.
									   id# sgmnx5 

confidential profile






  

flower mound, tx practice for sale: 
41 year successful
			[generational] practice collecting $502,953.00. net income [after add backs]
			$312,987.00. 237 new patients/10,533 total visits. exceptionally equipped & well
			staffed. management systems in place. total 'turn-key'! this is an upscale 'health
			conscience' community with 'expendable' income. great location.
			beautiful facility. plenty of room for continued growth. current dc retiring -
			perfect for the next dc to step in and 'enjoy a great life' of helping others while
			saving for early retirement. financing available oac.
									   id# rrbyx5 

confidential profile














 thinking
                  of selling
                  your
                  practice? 

list my
                  practice




 


you do not have to chase our leads. we
                    call, follow-up and close!




 


will not low-ball clinic for quick
                    sale. 100% cash in hand to seller.




 


no monthly fees - open listing - no binding and
                    exclusive contracts.




 


will match or beat any broker's full
                    commission.




 


will co-broke, creating one of the
                    largest database of buyers.




 


no commission on personal leads.




 


no clinic too small or too large to
                    sell.




 


100% financing for the buyer - on
                    approved credit.







the evaluation
            process...



fair market value
 the
                  practice evaluation will determine the fair market worth of
                  your clinic by utilizing two standard principles in practice
                  evaluating. namely; net income to the debt service ratio and
                  national listing/selling multiplier. together, these two
                  principles work objectively to counterbalance and create a
                  fair market value. 






no commitment to sell
                
 the
                  practice evaluation is not an automatic commitment to sell
                  your practice. it is an evaluation only. if and when you
                  choose to sell your practice, a separate commission agreement
                  will be signed between seller and broker. 






rebated at close of
                  sale
 in the
                  event you choose to list your practice with s. g. reader &
                  associates, inc. and your clinic is sold through our own
                  databank of buyers and/or leads, the $998.00 evaluation fee
                  will be rebated in full back to you at the close of sale! we
                  do not take a commission on personal leads. sell your
                  practice. 






2-5 day turn around
 once all
                  the necessary information is acquired our evaluations are
                  completed in a timely manner (approximately two to five days).
                






let's get
                started... download the appropriate practice profile,
                fill out and submit the form with the requested documents.


 download
                  practice profile submit
                  practice profile 






  


buyer
                  financing!
do you need money
                  to build your
                  existing practice, or buy an established
                  practice that is for sale? we can help.
                  most of our clients at one time or
                  another have needed financing
                  assistance. let us work with you to
                  make your dreams come true. 


                    more information  









putting
                  doctors and
                  practices
                  together!






doctor placement
 what's special about your services
                      or offerings? give your audience a reason to choose you
                      over your competition. cite it above, then flesh it out
                      here. 
 associate listings  



doctor for hire
 what's special about your services
                      or offerings? give your audience a reason to choose you
                      over your competition. cite it above, then flesh it out
                      here. 
 doctor for hire  








testimonials
what our
                clients have to say






sold
 you folks over there are wonderful! we've been looking at several practices through several brokers and sam reader, by far, has been the most diligent, professional and responsive. well done and thank you! 
dr. y




 

sold
 i am very pleased with sam's service. he helped me sell my business in just a few months, and he even found financing for my buyer. he is very knowledgeable about the ins and outs of the selling process. i felt comfortable that the contracts and legal issues were covered by a professional. the actual sale and transition was seamless. now i can enjoy my retirement! thank you sam and thanks to your team as well! 
dr. c, fnpboise, id




 

sold
 sam, thanks very much for all your help with the sale of my practice. everything worked out very well. it was great to have interested buyers within two weeks of putting an ad out and finalizing the deal eight months out overall. also it was especially nice to sell the practice for the asking price! 
dr. bsan diego, ca




 

sold
 hey sam, happy easter now to you and yours.  had a wonderful easter down in california actually had my first 2 week vacation. a lot of that was made possible by the work you and your team did and i just can't thank enough for not just what you did to represent your company but representing me and all the things we did together to get this deal done. i'm off on my new venture now and things are going very well. anyway, look forward to catching up. hope you have a great day. 
dr. mwest linn, or



                read more  
 







get caught 
                  up on 
                  our latest
                  articles...


                    article access  












 our team 



  
 principal 
 sam reader 




  
 director of marketing 
 desiree reader 




  
 consultant 
 brandon reader 




  
 team member 
 nicole reader 




  
emeritus
carole reader




 lets
				  connect  







  




 articles
                    (current) 
 coaching

 c.o.r.f.

 testimonials
                     
 sedona
                    retreat 
 contact
                     
























