





















reich college of education | appalachian state university


























skip to main content












search terms



search












reich college of education



toggle navigation















about
academics
students
faculty & staff
alumni & giving
community engagement
news
contact
























 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




















welcome to appalachian state university’s reich college of education!  
appalachian provides education students with a unique perspective – the physical location and community as well as the belief that education is something to be valued and nurtured.
preparing quality educators is a cornerstone of appalachian’s past, present and future. when it comes to teacher education, the state and region look first to appalachian for innovative instruction, faculty excellence and student success.
from watauga academy, founded in 1899, to appalachian state teachers college, established in 1929, and to the college of education, established in 1968, appalachian state university has a long history of preparing quality educators. the reich college of education, named for benefactor lois reich in 1987, continues this legacy today.
the reich college of education is comprised of five departments as well as appalachian's first doctoral program. 
the college enrolls approximately 2,400 students in its bachelor's, master's, education specialist and doctoral degree programs. 
appalachian offers one of the largest undergraduate teacher preparation programs in north carolina, graduating approximately 500 teachers a year. with so many teacher education graduates working in the state, there is at least one rcoe graduate teaching in almost every county in north carolina.











      latest news    







for the 9th straight year, app state alumni lead the nation in earning top teaching credential 

          feb 12, 2025        
as a nationally recognized leader in teacher education, appalachian state university remains the top alma mater for national board certified teachers ...




nc teacher of the year finalists announced 

          feb 12, 2025        
nine north carolina educators have been named regional teachers of the year in recognition of their outstanding leadership and excellence in teaching....




meet the regional principals of the year: ‘leaders in their local communities’ 

          feb 12, 2025        
nine principals from across north carolina have been chosen as regional principals of the year (poy). the 2025 wells fargo principal of the year ...






 read more
        
 subscribe













      join our news group    

join the rcoe news group
join the rcoe engage community 
engage instructions:
log in with your app state username and passwordnavigate to the reich college of education portalselect "join now"












      events    






















      schedule a visit    




the james center for student success & advising coordinates many college events as well as campus visits and tours for prospective undergraduate students. 
 

















      master your future    




the reich college of education offers 13 master's degree programs and 10+ graduate certificates. learn more at an upcoming information sessions! 
 













 






support the reich college of education







support the reich college of education
preparing quality educators is a cornerstone of appalachian’s past, present and future. when it comes to education, the state and region look first to appalachian for innovative instruction, faculty excellence and student success.
give now 





 


accreditation


all licensure programs are approved by the nc department of public instruction.

 
the programs in the reich college of education are accredited through the following:



learn more about assessment and accreditation for the reich college of education.

 


tk20 assessment tool


for students and faculty
log into tk20
help videos and faqs for students
questions? email tk20help@appstate.edu.

 

 







contact
reich college of education151 college streetappalachian state universityboone, nc 28608phone: 828-262-2232email us



hours of operation
monday - friday8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.
learn more about building access.

 



links
 home
 disclaimer
 eo policy
 accessibility
 privacy policy
 contact
 login



networking
 twitter
 facebook
 youtube
 instagram
 linkedin










website manager: saylorsrw
copyright 2025 appalachian state university. all rights reserved.







