







home - cvhc







































































skip to content






facebook
instagram
 








 

cvhc
coachella valley hiking club








home
join now
calendar
hike ratings
hike leaders
news
links & resources
contact
member login
 










search for:


search
























coachella valley hiking club
desert and mountain hiking in the palm springs area











discover the beauty of the coachella valley and beyond


view calendar











hikes for all skill levels
and other activities too










experienced hike leaders with local knowledge


join now











about us the coachella valley hiking club provides a community for outdoor enthusiasts. whether you’re a brief visitor to the valley or a year-long resident, a newbie on the hiking trails or a mountaineer, old or young, there’s a place in the coachella valley hiking club for all nature lovers. the club was established in 1992 as a hiking club but today offers a wide range of events to members, including hikes, bike rides, socials, movie screenings, and community events. we are active in the larger community and work with select organizations to maintain trails, promote personal health, local tribal initiatives, and preserve our beautiful wild spaces. our valued partners include:

city of hope cancer research center
oswit land trust
wildlands conservancy
agua caliente band of cahuilla indians

most club events are scheduled between october and april but we are working to offer some events through the summer months. we do monitor our website throughout the year and if you have questions or comments, we encourage you to reach out.
we look forward to seeing you at a club event.
“take nothing but pictures, leave nothing but footprints, kill nothing but time.”
— aliyyah eniath, the yard
join our club!
 

 
new members welcome!
check this website for all our exciting hikes and events!!



want to be part of the club?


join now





meet our hike leaders
our hike leaders are passionate for the great outdoors and are always eager to help others discover what coachella valley and surrounding areas have to offer.

leaders page






 
cvhc executive committee

 
shirl donahue
president
email officer

 
richard peregrin, vp
hike leader
coordinator
email officer

 
margaret sullivan
secretary
email officer

 
patti jones
treasurer
email officer

 
dan coleman
email officer

 
gary ward
trail maintenance coordinator
desert trails transition
email officer

 
barbara brown
hike leader
recruiting/training
email officer

 
philip ferranti
club founder
speakers bureau
email officer

 
andrew walls
website/it
email officer














 

 hiking trail etiquette

uphill hikers have right of way (unless catching their breath).
for safety reasons, hikers should step aside for bikers, runners and horses.
shortcuts cause trail erosion; stay on main trail.
leave no trace (wrappers and tissue on the trail a big no!).
as a courtesy to hikers coming up from behind, step aside
take dogs only on trails marked for them. restrain them when passing other hikers. clean up after them!


 

 hike difficulty definitions

easy: up to 500ft elevation and up to 6 miles
moderate: between 500 and 1800 ft elevation and 6 to 10 miles
strenuous: over 1800ft elevation and 8 to 15 miles or longer
these are basic definitions. things like rock scrambles and trail conditions might affect hike difficulty


 


hike group safety

to keep everyone safe, hikers must sign up for hikes. hikers will be asked to:


describe their recent hike activity
mention any medical conditions that might be problematic
cancel with the hike leader if they won't be attending


once on the trail, hikers will be expected to:


follow the hike leader's and sweep's instructions
apprise the leader if they are having difficulty
accept an escort to return to the trailhead if they can't keep up with the group

 








copyright © 2025 cvhc site designed by imagine it! media 









































