





home






























 





≡open menu 
home
ahsa

strategic plan
goals
mission
vision
policies and procedures
board



hssco

roles and responsibilities
purpose
strategic plan



programs

agency contact list
a-h

ar ade-dese-oec (ehsccp)
ael (ehs/ehsccp/hs)
brad (ehs/hs)
ccsd (ehs/hs)
capca (ehs/hs/mshs)
cso (ehs/ehsccp/hs)
eoa (ehs/hs)
fact (ehs/hs)
hscfs (ehs/hs)



i-z

lbces (hs)
mdcs (hs)
mcaeoc (ehs/hs)
ncssc (ehs)
nadc (ehs/hs)
nwa (ehs/hs)
ooi (ehs/hs)
scus (ehs/hs)
uams (ehs/hs)
uapb (ehsccp)



clickable program map

mobile clickable map






current news
institute

save the date 2025
call for papers
institute registration/exhibitor application



resources

forum
head start act
head start performance standards
cdels
family engagement



1, 2, 3...story time with jackie

1, 2, 3...story time with jackie
the letter people
dragons love tacos
reading is electric
meet me under the storytelling tree
the little red rabbit who wanted red wings



job postings

state-level jobs



meeting handouts

january 2023
march 2023
may 2023
june 2023
july 2023
september 2023
november 2023
january 2024
march 2024
april-may 2024
july 17, 2024
september 18, 2024
november 20, 2024
january 15, 2025



stepping up to racial equity in arkansas

equity brochure/order form
six degrees to racial equity



meetings and trainings

ehs-ccp meetings
mckinney vento/head start meetings
powerful conversations with fathers
trauma informed care training
program directors/executive directors retreat



 









                you are here:  
            
home 







arkansas head start and early head start programs
please click on the county you live in to find services for your community. click here for a cellphone friendly clickable map.
       





































 







 
message from the collaboration director
 



 













 




 


 

arkansas head start association/head start state collaboration office 
union station building
1400 west markham, ste 406
little rock, ar 72201
telephone: 501-371-0740/fax: 501-370-9109










jackie govan, ed.s., collaboration director
cell phone: 501-831-1153




e-mail: 






jacqualine govan, ed.s., has worked in the early childhood field for many years. for the past twelve years, she has served as the collaboration director for the arkansas head start state collaboration office working as a liaison between local head start grantees, state agencies, and other early childhood organizations in the state of arkansas. for two years, she served as the chairperson for the governor's arkansas early childhood commission, whereby, she continues to serve on the commission. she has worked with head start grantees as a mentor coach and a grantee performance support specialist, team leader with the federal training and technical assistance (tta) grant. she has served as the early learning reading first state coordinator and lead administrator for little rock school district at the chicot early childhood center for two years. mrs. govan has worked with several contractors as a generalist and specialist in the education and disability content area in providing training/technical assistance to early head start/head start programs in five states (region vi). she has worked in the public schools as a principal, assistant principal, director of an early childhood center, and taught in a variety of classrooms for several years. mrs. govan has several years of experience in working with racial equity and disparities. 
 
she received her specialist degree in educational leadership from the university of arkansas in little rock (ualr). however, her foundation for learning, understanding theory, and moving into the educational field began at arkansas state university, whereby she received a masters' degree (mse) in educational administration, and a bachelor's degree (bse) in elementary/special education. jackie also received the outstanding award in the teacher education program from asu in jonesboro in 2016! she has served on the asu alumni board and has held several positions on the executive committee for the asu/strong-turner alumni chapter, where she is currently still a member. she is also certified in early childhood education and english as a second language trainer. jackie graduated from the equity leaders action network (elan) program with the national build initiative in 2018.
 
jackie enjoys watching drama and suspense movies, cooking, dance aerobics, and most of all, spending quality time with her only son, mitchell, and her grandson reece.




 
 
 deana howell, administrative services manager

cell phone: 501-269-4438e-mail: 



deana howell, b.s., has worked for the arkansas head start association and head start state collaboration office for over 27 years. she provides support to the collaboration director and assists with fiscal management, website development, and meeting planning.
 
she received her associate of arts degree in administrative services from the university of central arkansas. after starting work with head start, she obtained her bachelor of science degree in organizational management from john brown university and later a graduate certificate in nonprofit management from the university of arkansas at little rock.
 
deana is an avid reader, loves traveling, enjoys music of all kinds, and loves spending time with her friends and family. she is especially proud of her daughter jaqui, who is a registered dietician. 
 































 

 

 




early head start (ehs) programs serve infants and toddlers under the age of 3, and pregnant women.  ehs programs provide intensive comprehensive child development and family support services to low-income infants and toddlers and their families, and to pregnant women and their families. arkansas serves 2,711 early head start children and families.


 


the ehs-cc partnerships program enhances and supports early learning settings to provide comprehensive and continuous services. it increases access to high-quality, full-day, full-year child care, including family child care, for low-income working families. the program also supports the development of infants and toddlers through strong relationship-based experiences and prepares them for the transition into head start and preschool. arkansas serves 520 early head start-child care partnership children and families.


 


head start programs support children's growth from ages 3 to 5 through services that support early learning and development, health, and family well-being. head start staff actively engage parents, recognizing family participation throughout the program as key to strong child outcomes.  all head start programs continually work toward our mission for eligible children and families to receive high-quality services in safe and healthy settings that prepare children for school and life. arkansas serves 3,949 head start children and families.


 


migrant-seasonal head start program means: (a) with respect to services for migrant farm workers, a program that serves families who are engaged in agricultural labor and who have changed their residence from one geographic location to another in the preceding two-year period; and, (b) with respect to services for seasonal farmworkers, a program that serves families who are engaged primarily in seasonal agricultural labor and who have not changed their residence to another geographic location in the preceding two-year period. arkansas serves 90 migrant and seasonal head start children and families.




services are available at no cost to children and eligible families.  programs deliver child development services in center-based, home-based, or family child care settings.











