     ford dealer in mooresville, nc | used cars mooresville | mooresville ford                                                             mooresville ford        sales 980-528-0004    service 980-528-0005  parts 980-528-0003  collision 704-235-0989   151 east plaza drivemooresville, nc 28115                 service        map        contact                       mooresville ford            call 980-528-0004   directions                  home   new   search inventory   model showroom   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   demo deals   kbb instant cash offer   ford protect     used   certified pre-owned overview   search inventory   vehicles under 20k   carfax 1 owner   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   kbb instant cash offer     specials   new specials   regional incentives   kbb instant cash offer   manufacturer service specials     service & parts   schedule service   service department   order parts   tire service   brake details	   oil details   tires   quick lane®   battery service advice   general service   fordpass   ford accessories   ford pickup & delivery   mobile service     finance   finance department   black book credit score estimator   ford credit application   kbb instant cash offer     collision   about us   our dealership   careers   our reviews     contact us   dealer information   hours & directions                     home   new   search inventory   model showroom   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   demo deals   kbb instant cash offer   ford protect     used   certified pre-owned overview   search inventory   vehicles under 20k   carfax 1 owner   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   kbb instant cash offer     specials   new specials   regional incentives   kbb instant cash offer   manufacturer service specials     service & parts   schedule service   service department   order parts   tire service   brake details	   oil details   tires   quick lane®   battery service advice   general service   fordpass   ford accessories   ford pickup & delivery   mobile service     finance   finance department   black book credit score estimator   ford credit application   kbb instant cash offer     collision   about us   our dealership   careers   our reviews     contact us   dealer information   hours & directions               



welcome to mooresville ford





new inventory

search new 









used inventory

search used 









custom order

click here 









schedule service

schedule now 











   inventory search    filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      new used certified    any year  any make  any model search     new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used      search       














financing








specials








service







                                                                                       disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                                    search new inventory     search used inventory           choose your vehicle     mustang        escape        explorer        bronco sport        expedition        f-150              f-150  it's not luck. and it isn't coincidence. since 1977, f-150 and super duty have been the best-selling trucks for some very real and hardcore reasons: rock-solid durability. view inventory           




pre-owned








vehicles under 20k





                hit the road  use our convenient online form to schedule your next test drive. receive a first-class experience from one of our exclusive test drive staff members. schedule test drive           meet our staff  we're confident in the quality of our service center, especially since our technicians are all certified with expertise in the ford brand. view staff                     join our team  are you an expert? whether it's sales or service, there might be a perfect fit for you on our team. fill out our quick form to be considered. apply now                  premier ford dealership serving mooresville, nc  welcome to mooresville ford, the best place for new and pre-owned ford vehicles in the charlotte, north carolina, metro area. our inventory consists of thousands of ford vehicles and affordable pre-owned models from other makes, so feel free to browse our site or visit us in person. from shopping for the right car to getting quick and timely service or accessories, you'll be happy to have chosen a dealership you can rely on. more about us                   sales hours     monday 9:00am - 8:00pm    tuesday 9:00am - 8:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 8:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 8:00pm    friday 9:00am - 8:00pm     saturday 9:00am - 6:00pm    sunday closed            welcome to mooresville ford thank you for visiting the mooresville ford website. we are happy to provide the right models, deals, and services to everyone in mooresville and in the greater charlotte metro area. feel free to call one of our departments, chat with a representative, or visit our dealership to discuss your needs.   a history of integrity since grady shoe founded mooresville ford in 1961 in a small brick building in the downtown area, our dealership has operated on the same basic, universal principles of treating customers like friends. you'll see it in the quality and attentiveness of service, the deals made and options offered to keep you happy, and the dedication toward a positive post-signing experience that earns your repeat service for years to come. integrity and treating people kindly and fairly: that's the way things are done here. reliable parts and service all vehicles need the occasional servicing to maintain top performance and ward off any potential problems. take the headache out of parts and service work for your vehicle by scheduling with our shops. we can order the exact parts you need if you're capable of handling the job, or our expert technicians can have the work done quickly and correctly the first time. mooresville ford also offers a unique collision center to repair and restore models damaged in an accident. we'll have any major issues resolved and smooth out the bodywork, getting you back to your ordinary routine as soon as possible.   high-quality and high-volume the family at mooresville ford is passionate about the latest innovations ford has brought to the market. visit our lot to browse and test drive class-leading models like the f-150 and super duty pickup trucks or the edge, escape, and explorer. let our family help you find the perfect new or pre-owned ford. but if you're looking to save money and want to consider the possibilities among other makes, you're welcome to explore our equally sprawling pre-owned inventory that features a mix of different makes and models. want to take a look online before calling or visiting? browse our easy-to-use inventory by all sorts of metrics, including model type, year, ford sync, color, price, and much more. you can even click to chat with a member of our sales staff about any specific vehicle. making mooresville even better the mooresville ford family has grown over the decades, and so has our involvement with our wonderful community. to that end, mooresville has supported various charities and organizations for local families, including soup kitchens, the mooresville graded school district, christian mission, and food for days.      although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.note: price does not include dealer installed equipment. price does not include $399 mooresville ford safety package on suvs and cars. price(s) include(s) all costs to be paid by a consumer, except for licensing costs, registration fees, $799 dealer document fees and taxes. all new car prices include all applicable rebates. vehicle inventory and promotional offers are updated frequently. please note that all vehicles are subject to prior sale and promotional offers may be canceled without notice. by filling out a form on this site, you authorize our dealership to call, text, or email you in the future. $1,000 certificate is included in pricing while supplies last.             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy | additional disclosures mooresville ford | 151 east plaza drive, mooresville, nc 28115 | sales: 980-528-0004 |                





















          
     