




  






home - greater dubois chamber of commerce, pa





















 









































go









pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events




































































join now









member login









contact us




















 toggle navigation   

















go









pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events




































































join now









member login









contact us














directory

events

events list
events calendar
weather



members

member application
levels of investment
member login



resources

business resources faq
elected officials
area development
education
healthcare
workforce
transportation
energy
realtors



visitors

stay
dine
play
shopping
recreation



about

community profile & directory
staff
board of directors
service area contact information for municipalities
arts & culture
history
contact us



what's new

chamber communicator
hot deals
job postings
chamber connections podcast










































welcome to the greater dubois chamber!
"business helping business" is what we are all about. the greater dubois chamber of commerce represents member companies and organizations throughout our service area of 14 municipalities and townships. the chamber helps businesses to succeed by providing programs and services designed to promote business retention and economic development. our primary goal is to improve the business climate, which in turn improves the broader community. we want to be your business resource!












directory







events







hot deals







jobs





























































mark your calendar



every day is beautiful in green valley
with a wide variety of events and opportunities, green valley has something to offer everyone. celebrate the fun of the minnesota state fair with us each summer. enjoy a scenic stroll through our many parks or play a round of golf at one of our three courses. have your picture taken with the world’s largest owl and marvel at all the beautiful outdoor murals throughout the town.

our community offers a thriving economy, superb schools, traditional values, faith and fellowship, helpful services, and many entertainment options. green valley is truly the ideal place for new ventures and new growth because every day is abeautiful day.








view all events »



































featured member of the month


















penn highlands dubois




at penn highlands, we believe there’s strength in numbers. we have 9 hospitals, and more than 150 patient care locations throughout pennsylvania. we’re more than 849 physicians … and nearly 6,200 employees strong … and we’re just getting started.
thank you to penn highlands for sponsoring this months monthly communicator. 














let's talk business


















dubois dermatology and cosmetics






 new let’s talk business podcast! 


this week, we’re celebrating excellence in our community as we welcome the greater dubois chamber’s annual award winner of the small business of the year! 


 small business of the year: dubois dermatology & cosmetics – recognized for their outstanding service and dedication to skincare and wellness.


listen now as we chat with representatives from the organization about their journey, their mission, and what this recognition means to them!
















community profile & membership directory






















our 2024/2025 community profile & membership directory gives an insight into our unique area spanning 14 municipalities and townships, as well as our chamber members who operate within them. inside you will find information on topics such as education, hospitality, transportation, healthcare, recreation, and much more.
click on the cover image to view the complete book.














member spotlight monday


















kim mcdonald state farm





 








































become a member



















new members



 




















dubois area map



click the image above to view an area map of dubois.































our affiliations

















































































our partners











































































































business helping business.








































 greater dubois chamber of commerce

  103 beaver drive, dubois, pa 15801

  814. 371.5010

  dacc@duboispachamber.com






































privacy policy




















© copyright 2025 greater dubois chamber of commerce. all rights reserved. site provided by growthzone - powered by chambermaster software.


















 


