




  






home - north port area chamber of commerce, fl






















 









































go









pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events















































member login









contact us




















 toggle navigation   

















go









pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events















































member login









contact us














home

about

about the chamber
board of directors
committees
staff
contact us



members

interested in joining?
join now
member benefits
training & tutorials
business of the year
business advocate of the year
member directory
member login


directory
chamber champions
diamond program
leadership
young professionals

community

tourism
about north port
2025 community guide
communicator newsletter
job postings
hot deals
news releases



calendars

events list
chamber calendar
community calendar



































                                                    find a business
                                                

                                                    search our member directory to find the best businesses in the area
                                                

find a member











                                                    chamber calendar
                                                

                                                    attend a chamber event
                                                

click here











                                                    job search
                                                

                                                    check on local job openings
                                                

find a job











                                                    join us
                                                

                                                    find out what over 650 members already know
                                                

click here

























welcome to the north port area!
the mission of the north port area chamber of commerce is to promote and encourage business prosperity and
to enhance economic development through advocacy, engagement and cooperation.
we are a family built on the foundation of relationships, integrity, innovation, collaboration, results and excellence.
remember, it's your business and we want to be your chamber!












directory







jobs







news







weather







hot deals












































mark your calendar



every day is beautiful in green valley
with a wide variety of events and opportunities, green valley has something to offer everyone. celebrate the fun of the minnesota state fair with us each summer. enjoy a scenic stroll through our many parks or play a round of golf at one of our three courses. have your picture taken with the world’s largest owl and marvel at all the beautiful outdoor murals throughout the town.

our community offers a thriving economy, superb schools, traditional values, faith and fellowship, helpful services, and many entertainment options. green valley is truly the ideal place for new ventures and new growth because every day is abeautiful day.














view chamber events »






































 






















chamber orientation - wednesday, march 26, 2025




the north port area chamber will be presenting a chamber orientation wednesday, march 26, 2025 8:30 am.  free - great event for new members and current members.  learn how to use the free chamber marketing tools. register here.  north port area chamber office.
















ribbon cutting - buck off coffee - wednesday, february 12, 2025




join the north port area chamber of commerce as we celebrate the grand opening and ribbon cutting for buck off coffee on wednesday, february 12, 2025 at 4:00 pm at the npacc chamber office  please register here.
 



















business after hours - suncoast one title & closings, inc. - tuesday, march 11, 2025




join north port area chamber of commerce for our business after hours hosted by suncoast one title & closings, inc. on tuesday, march 11, 2025 from 5:30-7:00 pm.   must register in advance.  register here




















networking @ noon - february 20, 2025 vfw post 8203




join the north port area chamber of commerce for networking@noon on thursday, february 20, 2025, from 11:30 am - 1:00 pm at vfw post 8203 4860 trott circle, north port.   must register in advance  special networking at 11:00 am. new members will be introduced.
















breakfast club networking - dubzbbq - wednesday, march 5, 2025




dubz bbq will be our host for the march breakfast club networking on march 5, 2025 from 7:30 am - 9:00 am . the breakfast club is a structured networking event, which simply means that everyone in the room will be allotted time to talk about their business, product, or service.
remember to bring a gift for the drawing to promote your business.
no walkups!

must register in advance here.



































join the diamond club




purpose of the diamond club: to accelerate the elimination of the north port area chamber of commerce’s mortgage and providing a home for its chamber members and the community.  find out how you may join the diamond club annual here or monthly here! 

















"welcome back! i think the chamber, by getting back to business so quickly and reaching out, sets a great example for the businesses and the residents as well.  our mentors are reaching out to their clients in the area offering support and encouragement too.  the small business community is tough and typically resilient in the face of setbacks.  the chamber offers that extra "let's get going again" attitude that is needed.  thank you."  
terry cramer, certified score mentor | chapter 318 chair

"my experience with the npacc has been a 10 all the way.  i am a firm believer that you get what you give and if you participate in the chamber you will get from the chamber.  so with that being said my rating is a 10."
sean burroughs, compass health consultants
 

"i want to give you my most sincere thanks for shooting the video introducing our company and services to your members. your billboard initiative is so "out of the box" and a great way for the members to get visibility. you did an amazing job putting this together. our team is very happy with the outcome and wants to thank you."
doris goodman, brightstar care


"your office has done an incredible job during these trying times.  you and your staff should be highly commended for your tireless work to help the business community and the residents of north port."
liz napoli

"because you are pro-active and looking for solutions, information and constantly going the extra mile, our chamber will come out of this stronger than ever thanks to you and your team.  great work bill!"
sharon matthews, allstate insurance/matthews insurance services

"can't thank the chamber enough for all that you are doing for our local businesses.  you are also doing an awesome job keeping us informed.  keep up the great work!"
caryn huff, wharton-smith, inc.
 
 



































welcome new members



















recently renewed members






















become a member today!












north port area chamber     2024 community guide

































































































it's your business and we want to be your chamber!










































 north port area chamber of commerce

  14140 tamiami trail, north port, fl 34287

  941. 564.3040

  info@northportareachamber.com






































© copyright 2025 north port area chamber of commerce. all rights reserved. site provided by growthzone - powered by chambermaster software.

















 


