 




tabletalk | join the conversation.






tabletalk – join the conversation.
































































































toggle navigation






who we are

our story
our initiatives


chapters

our chapters
start a chapter
tabletalk in the news


connect

social media
blog


store
contact

apply now

























start your chapter




connect your campus




share your story











mission
how
join
share

q&a 
follow











what is tabletalk℠?
at tabletalk,℠ we believe in celebrating every young adult’s unique voice. if every young adult’s unique voice is heard, shared, and valued, then we can unify the world. we aim to empower young adults to create new avenues for meaningful conversation and connection through intentional leadership development. tabletalk℠ hopes to break open today’s echo chambers through creative content, curriculum, and community.

read more



















how tabletalk℠ works


 





campuscouches
impromptu and unstructured conversation on couches









tabletalks
facilitated dialogue surrounding a specific, in depth topic









tabletalk[x]
creative programming contributing to the culture of conversation















join the movement	









tabletalk℠ emory









tabletalk℠ penn









tabletalk℠ indiana









tabletalk℠ harvard









tabletalk℠ episcopal









tabletalk℠ columbia









tabletalk℠ barnard









tabletalk℠ utexas at austin









tabletalk℠ duke









tabletalk℠ oregon state









tabletalk℠ nyu









tabletalk℠ michigan









tabletalk℠ berkeley









tabletalk℠ kansas









tabletalk℠ riverdale









tabletalk℠ nevada









tabletalk℠ jupiter high school









tabletalk℠ arizona state









tabletalk℠ barnard









tabletalk℠ stanford









tabletalk℠ tufts









tabletalk℠ william and mary









tabletalk℠ kansas









tabletalk℠ brandeis









tabletalk℠ nevada









tabletalk℠ gw









tabletalk℠ miami









tabletalk℠ ucsb









tabletalk℠ wisconsin









tabletalk℠ oregon state









tabletalk℠ vanderbilt









tabletalk℠ tulane









tabletalk℠ colgate









tabletalk℠ wichita state









tabletalk℠ rit









tabletalk℠ dickinson









tabletalk℠ convent hs & stuart hall









tabletalk℠ jupiter





start a chapter today


















why we #jointheconversation℠



what makes tabletalk℠ unique is how it is tailored to the needs of each school. while some chapters decide to focus on creating relationships within organizations on campus, other groups want to focus on individual students and create programs such as lookup, where students are encouraged to put their phones away and socialize face-to-face with their friends during a meal.
anna s., founder of tabletalk℠ brandeis




sitting on a campuscouch and having strangers walk up to me and start conversations is something i thought i would never experience at penn, yet tabletalk made it possible! even the busiest of people would stop for a minute, just for small talk, and would often be surprised by the amount that they had in common with someone they did not know.
vikram k., member of tabletalk℠ penn




tabletalk℠ gives my school the place to have open discussions covering topics of all kinds, as well as the opportunity to generate close friendships. i have been personally impacted by each event i have attended in getting to know more about more people in my community. through tabletalk℠, i have gained an expanded worldview and i know others have as well.
juliet f., vice president of tabletalk℠ ehs




tabletalk℠ took shape at other universities, hundreds of college students sought out leadership roles and committed themselves to this work, making it their mission to connect groups, communities, and people who wouldn’t otherwise interact. tabletalk℠ doesn’t look exactly like it did in 2013. it has adapted to the visions of individual campus leaders who seek to fill the voids they see on their own campuses. five years and thirty chapters later, we’re proud of the culture change tabletalk has made on college campuses across the united states.
ami and adam, founders of tabletalk℠ emory




tabletalk℠ was important for my personal development and communication skills. i still think that talking to people sometimes can be really hard! it can be really difficult even for someone, like me, who considers herself to be outgoing. i learned through tabletalk℠ that it isn’t actually all that hard to start up a conversation with a stranger because all you have to do is say hello!
kayla k., member of tabletalk℠ iu




share your story













tabletalk℠ helps us find commonalities with people who look, think, and appear completely different through an important and much-needed approach that lets students lead the way. tabletalk fosters a healthier, more inclusive environment for us all. 
- dr. amy gutmann
president, university of pennsylvania










	
/*						
		






















quick links
home
who we are
connect
chapters





resources
blog
share
contact
 



sign up for our newsletter











leave this field empty if you're human:  







© 2018 tabletalk℠ all rights reserved.














 


free download!


let us help you navigate the difficult conversations in your life. download part one of our eight part series today!












leave this field empty if you're human: 


































 

