



my head looks like a penis. — livejournal























































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































the_nic
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














the_nic







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement






my head looks like a penis.i wish it didn'tprevious 10 entriesrecent entriesarchivefriends' entriesprofilememoriesthe sando.com
 

 



profile


user: the_nic
name: nic sando
 
 

page summary
· bwoke
· the second part of education day is up
· first part of my fringe show, now live on thesando.com
· (no subject) [+1]
· family reunion [+2]
· get me a tie, and you'd better make damn sure that it's red.
· apparantly stephen fry is in town. [+2]
· whore whore whore [+2]
· oh fine, john key isn't the smiler.
· (no subject) [+9]
 
 

latest month


may 2009
12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031


 

links

i wish i could speak spanish... actually i don't.the sandothis is not a linkvic improvsushipie
 
 

search


search:


category:

site & user
faq
site
region
interest
username
email
gizmo/lj talk
aim
icq number
yahoo! id
msn
jabber




 
 

entry tags
awesome shit, cartoon, comic, film, i hate myself, i hate myself., interweb insanity, my stupid family, performing, politics, salient, webcomic, webcomics, website, wellington gaming, whanau
 
 


21st-may-2009 11:40 am - bwokethe_nicmy projector broke before the show started. which was sad and lame. rejigged the entire show, and it still works, which is something that i did not expect.

speaklinkshareflag
 

 


24th-feb-2009 08:46 am - the second part of education day is upthe_niccheck it out at http://thesando.com/

speaklinkshareflag
 

 



21st-feb-2009 03:29 pm - first part of my fringe show, now live on thesando.comthe_nicseriously, http://tinyurl.com/c3yayy the first part of education day is live. it stars alexander rodgers and myself, in a script by alexander rodgers, and myself. huzzah. many thanks to creative nz and the nz fringe for giving me money for a mic!

speaklinkshareflag
 

 


11th-jan-2009 11:50 pm(no subject)the_nicseriously though, what about the hannah montana fandom? actually, the hannah montana fandom is fairly interesting, but that's besides the point. i mean, is she miley or hannah? which is the real tween star?! (miley.)

1 commentspeaklinkshareflag
 

 



11th-jan-2009 11:13 pm - family reunionthe_nicso, this is the year of the paterson family reunion, which as a sando, i'm obliged to attend. w'ev's. anyway, part of the fun is getting to know the whanau through introductory games. oh, did i mention that no one in the extended family knows my partner tara, who i'm bringing along to meet for the first time? because of this, it's fallen on me to write the questions for the family to go around and rotely ask her. these are the ones that my mum has come up with for her and the kids.helen - i am studying at university, what am i studying?nic - i have been at university. what am i studying?christopher - i have been living overseas. where have i been living?lisa- i enjoy playing two winter sports. what are they?stephanie - two of my siblings are twins -which two?of all these, my favourite one is steph's as it isn't even about her. "you're too dull to have a question about you, so take one about your siblings."  i'm thinking of asking for a rewrite on that. after all, she recently did some amazing work in this youth drama school which she deserves to gloat about. or, if she wanted to play down her success, we could ask her about hannah montanna fandom. now that would be an interesting subject of conversation.so, these are what i've come up for tara. they need work, but will at garner a responce:tara: smells, but like what exactly?tara: one time she ate a small marsupial by mistake, guess which one?tara: is it true that your partners mother told everyone in paraparaumu that you were a stripper? (ed: supposedly this is true)tara: why do you keep drooling? are you hungry? you look hungry.tara: guess which new zealand politician i spied on last year!tara: what's for dinner, do you know? oh sorry, i thought you worked here.tara: are you drunk? tara: so, how many weeks along are you?tara: did you know that you have a piece of toilet paper caught in your undies?tara: i heard that your boyfriend is gay, why do you date a gay?tara: four years is a long time, why haven't you gotten married yet? tara: is that pudding on her chin?yeah, this is going to be the best reunion ever.tags:whanaulocation:home

2 commentsspeaklinkshareflag
 

 



10th-jan-2009 11:46 pm - get me a tie, and you'd better make damn sure that it's red.the_nici spent today teasing bex about going to a hen's party. it was awesome.i then saw the spirit. it was ridiculous. i'm not sure if it was ridiculous in  a good or bad way, but if you like frank millers comix, you'll get a kick out of it. if you like the frank miller movies 300 and sin city,  it may just kill your love for them in the same way that a shit baz luhrmann film may kill your love of his earlier work. i liked it, i'm not entirely sure why.

speaklinkshareflag
 

 



19th-dec-2008 07:25 pm - apparantly stephen fry is in town.the_nicof all the random celebs who wander around wellington i pray that i bump into him.

2 commentsspeaklinkshareflag
 

 


15th-dec-2008 09:54 am - whore whore whorethe_nici bought 19 1.5l  bottles of coke last night, because they were a dollar each. i am the face of black friday.

2 commentsspeaklinkshareflag
 

 



9th-nov-2008 10:21 am - oh fine, john key isn't the smiler.the_nicas much as i'd have liked to have been correct, we all know that the smiler would have to have to be evil obama. key is more like a smirker or some such. oh god roger douglas.

speaklinkshareflag
 

 


9th-nov-2008 12:28 am(no subject)the_nicdamn it. it was the most grand way to resign as a leader that can be effectively be done in our two horse country, but, god. i'm going to miss these last nine years. also, roger douglas is actually back. the roger douglas. i'm sad. oh god, i hope key isn't the smiler. oh god, key is the smiler. also; ha ha, john key's daughter is an emo.

9 commentsspeaklinkshareflag
 

 
previous 10 entriestop of page this page was loaded feb 19th 2025, 11:26 am gmt.  































