








transform your experiences with a custom av solution



































































(713) 688-0696
info@twistist.com















twist
integration
solutions
technology
 


select page


  
 
 















does your company need custom av solutions?are you trapped by your technology and looking for an elegant fix?
find out what makes twist integration solutions technology different










meeting room solutions that empower corporate successboost productivity. enhance collaboration. impress clients and grow your business.
let’s build a better meeting room together










elevate your worship technology & grow your reachexperience crystal-clear audio. create immersive worship in person. reach a broader audience via streaming.
let’s build a better broadcast together










streaming & video podcasting solutions from a broadcast perspectivelet us build a tailored solution. seamlessly integrated. we will turn your vision into reality.
let’s build your dream studio together













integration
seamless av integration for streamlined experiences.








solutions
empowering your av needs with tailored solutions and cutting-edge technology.








technology
transforming av needs with advanced technology.


















conquering yourav challenges


tell me if this sounds familiar…
you’ve been struggling to manage the chaos of multiple smaller av systems. it’s overwhelming, time-consuming, and leaves you frustrated. you need an integrated av solution that aligns and integrates seamlessly – a comprehensive ecosystem to transform your experiences. we understand the challenges you face and are here to move you towards a solution together.






elevate yourav experience


why choose twist ist?

harmonious integration of av systems streamline your workflow
experience unmatched expertise for flawless solutions
elevate your communication and engage your audience like never before

your journey with twist integration solutions technology: imagine experiencing smooth av operations, effortless collaboration, and awe-inspiring audio-visual setups. with twist ist, you’ll unleash the full potential of your company, church, or education system. gain the confidence to captivate your audience and elevate your brand.














take your businessto the next level!




get started











our work




explore our success stories: witness how our tailored av solutions have transformed businesses, churches, and education systems, delivering seamless experiences and captivating audiences.












government audio video city of stafford


new av system for council chambers. fully integrated cameras and video distribution for streaming and documentation of city business. 










house of worship the rock church


multi-camera broadcast solution, engineering stations, and distribution. 










corporate audio video the home depot, austin


we partnered with the it department of the home depot to deliver av equipment specific to their needs. 












customertestimonials


glowing words from our valued customers.
what can we build with you?








moffett productions
they constantly keep our best interest in mind.





the refreshing church
they completely considered all our ideas and developed an implementation strategy for our media project…on time and within budget.





wxin-tv fox
i have recommended (twist ist) to others…and within tribune as well.





ktbu-55 (mega tv)
(twist ist) attention to detail with the nas storage solution…presented not only encompassed our immediate budget and storage/retrieval needs, it allowed for future expansion as show assets accumulated.





blinds.com (a home depot company)
where (twist ist) really shines is in the deeper, more thought out (system’s integration) implementations





casablanca productions
i have been doing business with (twist ist) in houston for over 16 years and they have been an invaluable source of information and direction when it comes to purchasing video production equipment.





eagle communications
you have been my main resource to find solutions for system integrations for not only on air, but our streaming, and in house video department.





timeline productions, l.l.c,
helped me integrate a system for my business that has worked flawlessly













what does the process look like?


at twist ist, we understand that your needs are as distinct as your business. that’s why we take a personalized approach to every project, starting with a comprehensive consultation. our team of seasoned experts will work closely with you to uncover your specific goals and challenges.





step #1

schedule a consultation
discover your unique av requirements and share your goals with our experts.




step #2

tailored av solutions
get a customized plan, designed to cater precisely to your needs.




step #3

achieve av excellence
experience the transformative power of our integrated av solutions.















schedule your consultation today!  


act now to take your vision and make it a reality!




let's get started
















subscribe to our newsletter


let’s be honest, we hate spam just as much as anyone. we promise to never sell your contact info and only email you when we have something important to say.  










our technology partners








more technology partners













solutions

4k av over ipacquisitionarchivingboardroomcollaboration spaceconference roomdigital signagehuddle spacemulti-roommulti-floorpresentation spaceprojectionvideo wallwebcasting



services

audio visual consultantauthorized broadcast equipment dealercommercial installationcommercial integratorspecialty contractorsystem design

sectors

broadcastcorporateeducationgovernmenthotel & hospitalityhouse of worship



location & hours

2001 karbach street, suite vhouston, tx 77092(713) 688-0696

monday - friday9am - 5pm





copyright © 2025 twist ist (tapeworks texas, inc.) 



followfollowfollowfollowfollow





privacy policy



terms & conditions





 





























