




 




fishing charters in apalachicola & st. george island florida













































toggle navigation






book me a charter guide service - book now!


8503706626
https://maps.google.com/maps?q=apalachicola,+fl+32329




home
about
pricing
book your charter
photos
testimonials
faq
contact us
links
 




















 



 



 







best fishing charterin the apalachicola area


apalachicola fishing charters, florida
   book me a charter
st. george island, cape san blas, mexico beach, alligator point and anywhere in the apalachicola area!





we specialize in apalachicola fishing charters. we offer inshore fishing in the beautiful forgotten coast of st. george island on the apalachicola bay. book me a charter is a home grown, top-notch charter service. hop on our (22’ seafox 220 viper) and let us take it from there. everything from the boat to the tackle is of high quality and meticulously maintained. we welcome all anglers from experienced professionals or beginners as well as families and children!
heading inshore from apalachicola, i offer a wide range of trips to cater to each angler’s desires.  while inshore fishing we’ll be targeting redfish, trout, whiting, tripletail and spanish mackerel depending on the pelagic species in season during your desired charter dates. for the fishing trip of a lifetime. our specialties include artificial, dead or live bait fishing, daytime and evening fishing charters available. we are happy to customize your trip with special hours, target species or a combination.
depending on your preferences you can be fishing within minutes of departure while fishing inshore.

book me a charter we are a family friendly, fishing charter service in apalachicola, st. george island, and cape san blas area.
inshore bay fishing we target red fish, trout, triple tail, black drum, pompano, spanish mackerel, and flounder.
we personalize your trip to insure you have a great experience to make your next apalachicola fishing charter or sightseeing adventure a fun memorable trip for all to enjoy.

captain dwayne allen will hook you up with the best fishing in the st george island, cape san blas, and apalachicola area!!
i would love to take you fishing or touring in my backyard. feel free to contact me for more information or to book your charter. 
we offer full and half-day charters...
i look forward to being on the water with you soon! 
book a charter







inshore fishingif you're looking for a way to spend the morning or afternoon, how about some inshore fishing? we will target trout, redfish, flounder, tripletail,black drum, and more.
learn more
about us what sets captain dwayne apart from the many other guides is he is respectful and courteous to everyone from the deckhand to the vacation home owners. here at book me a charter we believe that being respectful and kind to every customer really makes a difference.
learn more
book your charterdon't wait to the last minute to book your charter. 
book your charter
captain's harborckeck out our apalachicola new rental. relax with the family at this peaceful, recently renovated home with original hardwood floors and comfortable front porch swing. it’s located on an acre of beautiful flowering plants and fruit trees. our cozy cottage is only two blocks from the apalachicola bay and two miles from downtown apalachicola for shopping and restaurants. we are centrally located between st. george island and cape san blas, just a short drive from fishing, hunting, and sightseeing 
captain's harbor















contact captain dwayne allen
phone:
(850) 370-6626
cell:
text now
address:
462 hwy 98
apalachicola, fl. 32320
email us






 




 

 


 © 2025 book me a charter-apalachicola fishing charters apalachicola, st. george island, cape san blas, port st. joe, mexico beach, eastpoint carrabelle, indian pass



book now













































