




kelaroo - kelaroo
































































homeproductsreagent managementsynthesis requestsequence recognitionservicesaboutcompany infoour clientscontactblog














the kelaroo reagent management system –  simplifying and streamlining your chemical reagent inventory










w
e are a software company that provides both custom and off the shelf solutions to the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries.  we are uniquely suited to serve companies in this segment.  when working with us, you get a company that really understands the challenges that you face.  we have over 30 years of experiences in life sciences.  this experience, along with developing a thorough understanding of your needs, ensure that we can provide a solution to your problems.
we can  integrate solutions that we offer with your existing business processes.  our goal is not to necessarily  “reinvent the wheel” – we can take what you are already doing, and make it easier, cheaper, and faster. above all else, we strive to understand your business.

our solutions include a range of proprietary software that has been developed through partnerships with companies such as yours.  we take real world experience solving their problems, and use it to offer a highly refined and streamlined experience.  products such as the kelaroo reagent management system or the kelaroo synthesis request system have undergone years of enhancements and upgrades. our products all have one theme in common – simple, yet powerful interfaces.  with kelaroo you get enhanced functionality without having to spend precious resources on product training.
ready to discuss how we can help you? click to contact us.contact!




reagent management
krms

kelaroo's comprehensive chemical inventory management system keeps essential chemical inventory and electronic material safety data sheets at your scientists' fingertips so researchers, stockroom, purchasing and eh&s personnel can easily request, receive and track reagents and chemicals throughout your organization and beyond.  read more >> 


synthesis request
ksrs

a  sophisticated web-based application that  manages every aspect of the chemistry synthesis outsourcing process.  our system integrates all areas of this process, with significant cost and time savings.  issue rfqs, receive quotes, issue an award, and track vendor progress.  read more >>


bioinformatics
seqr

enhance your bioinformatics discovery program with kelaroo's sequence recognition technology. seqr™ applies machine learning methods to public and proprietary sequence data, generating models with powerful sequence profiling abilities that are ideal for genome mining, sequence optimization and sar analysis.  read more >>











copyright © 2010 all rights reserved



















