


	aviation in malta > home






















 



  login 






web
site
 
  search



 




saturday, february 15, 2025


home
 












 






latest updates on 29 january 2025

to accidents (civil), km malta airlines, delivery (civ/mil), maintenance and naval pages.

scroll down to contents section for more details.

some pages may only contain minor updates, such as a new or corrected date/s.






        







 







introduction

having been a colony of great britain for 150 years (1814-1964), and serving as a base for britain's armed forces for a further 15, malta was introduced to the world of aviation from a very early start. 

from the construction of the first seaplane base at kalafrana in 1916 to the ravages of world war two, through four hi-jacks, and on to the malta international air show, malta has seen almost all the uses an aircraft can be put to. 

about this web site

the purpose of this site is to build up a record of aviation activity in malta, past and present. it is an ongoing project, and i welcome any information/corrections which you can offer.

data in the first column, (usually a date, registration or aircraft type) in bold red text indicates new information. bold text elsewhere indicates corrected or that additional information has been added since the last update.

any photographs which appear on this site are either from my collection, or are being reproduced by permission. your attention is drawn to the terms of use and privacy statement at the bottom of the page. 






        







 







malta

a wikipedia article about malta can be found here.






        















 







contents
 
below are the pages to be found on this site, with a brief description of the contents. red text indicates when that particular page was last updated. for your convenience, each page title is a link to the page itself.

it is regretted that some of the links below are not working properly. in the event of such an occurrence, it is recommended that you use the drop down menus at the top of this page. 





        







 







airfields & airlines 
 
airfields - history of malta’s airfields. 


air malta / km malta airlines - list of aircraft used/leased by the national airline. updated. 







        







 







general/commercial aviation
 
9h- register – all the aircraft that ever carried the 9h- prefix. 


accidents (civil) – a list of accidents that have taken place in/around malta or to malta-based aircraft. updated 2020 page. 


air rally – details about the international air rally of malta.  


deliveries – aircraft that are known to have used malta on their delivery flights.  updates to civil (d-h) page. 


dc-3 – dc-3s seen in malta for maintenance, just visiting, and celebrations.  updated.


dhc-4 caribou – history and details of aircraft seen in malta.    


malta-based – aircraft based in malta but never placed on the civil register here.  


aircraft maintenance - aircraft which came to malta for maintenance purposes. acm (airbus), ltm (319, 320, 321, 330, 340, 350), srt (a.319/320/321) and safi (props (a, dhc).


planes on film - film/adverts shot in malta, using aircraft that were maltese owned, or were brought specially for the duration of the shoot.  


training flights - aircraft that visited malta for the purposes of pilot training.  


yachts - helicopters seen on board super yachts. page created on 8th march 2009.  





        







 






military aviation
 
accidents (military) – accidents involving military aircraft.   


accidents – ww ii – loss of allied aircraft over/around malta as a result of combat operations.  


air wing – history of the air wing of the armed forces of malta.  


malta-based – details of air force and naval squadrons based in malta until march 1979.  


military deliveries military aircraft delivered via malta. wwii deliveries (bristol/hudson/hurricane/wellington) and casa pages. 


naval visits – visits by naval vessels capable of carrying aircraft and/or helicopters. us navy (jfk, misc.) france, italy.


raf luqa – details of raf squadrons based in malta, and exercises held in malta until march 1979. 


summer camps – details of summer camps held by both raf and rn reserve squadrons





        







 






air shows

armed forces of malta – details of the open day held by the a.f.m.  


air events – aviation events not covered by air shows or open days. 


displays (government) – air show/displays organized by the government of malta.  


displays (non-government) – air show/displays organized by private individuals/organizations.  


 malta int’l air show – details of aircraft that have attended listed by year. also included are tables listing the aircraft indexed by type, as well as participation by country.  


royal air force – air shows/displays or open days held by the british services until 1979.  


airshows abroad - description/details of airshows seen abroad.
  





        







 






misc. 
 
aviation museum – the exhibits at malta’s only aviation museum. 
 
fifty years ago – brief description of aviation and military events which took place fifty years ago.

quotes – a number of quotes from a number of sources, about a variety of subjects, not necessarily aviation. 






        












 


home airfields & airlines civil/general aviation military aviation air shows misc. guestbook contact us



copyright (c) 2025 aviation in malta
  terms of use  privacy statement





designed by mcs systems
powered by eshareport 










