









osmth















































sovereign military order of the temple of jerusalem (osmth)

ordo supremus militaris templi hierosolymitani (osmth)-swiss federal registry number ch-660.1.972.999-4




search ... 





osmthcontact usdisclaimer & legal noticesprivacy policyabout osmthosmth purpose & activitiesosmth structure & functionsosmth structure diagramsgrand prioriesosmth highlightswelcome statementstemplar legacymodern order historyideals of knighthoodrule of the templetemplarism & historycode of chivalry1841 paris declarationadvocacy and the unstatementsdelegationscongohuman traffickingcharity programswater projectjordan river projectoikocreditlutheran church baptismal sitegenerations for peacefriends of the holy landthe halo trustarmenian patriarchatepro terra sanctamaronite archdiocese of beirutmembershiposmth purpose & activitiesosmth structurevolunteersevents archive


about osmth
on behalf of our members in some 40 nations worldwide, we welcome you to the website of the best known international templar order in the world, and the only templar order recognized in special consultative status by the united nations economic and social council.  

 templar legacy
the medieval knights templar, best known to us today as the famed warriors of the crusades, were a devout military religious order that uniquely combined the roles of knight and monk in a way the western medieval world had never seen before.


membership
membership within the order is geographically-based, therefore applications of interest from the osmth international site are referred on to your closest or most pertinent national grand priory.






"non nobis, domine,non nobis,sed nomini tuo da gloriam..."
 
 




osmth




ecumenical prayer vigil for peace

on the 24th day of each month, many christians around the world keep a prayer vigil for peace in jerusalem, the holy land, and the middle east. osmth offers this prayer:  heavenly father we reach out to you with a plea for the peace of jerusalem, the center of our faith. may the city be a center of love and peace, where people of all nations can gather together in harmony and respect.  we pray also for all places where terrorism, violence, warfare, and acts of inhumanity are taking place. guard, protect, direct, and gather us all into one great family; that we may worship you in peace and live together in holy love, through jesus christ our lord. amen.


vision


“aiding humanity on the pilgrimage through life.”

christian ethos, spirituality and chivalric values.
domestic charity and international humanitarian aid
human rights and the respect for human diversity
interfaith dialogue and bridge-building







osmth in action







































the osmth medal of valor is awarded to individuals for extraordinary acts of heroism and bravery, in circumstances of personal danger and voluntary risk to their own lives and involving self-sacrifice so conspicuous as to clearly distinguish such individuals above their peers.  this award has been presented to honor the memory of the american unknown soldiers from world war i, world war ii, and the korean war, interred within the tomb of the unknown soldier in arlington national cemetery, arlington, virginia, usa, and in recognition of the ultimate sacrifice made by all the fallen members of the united states’ armed forces that these unknown soldiers represent.  the osmth medal of valor is the highest international award made by the sovereign military order of the temple of jerusalem – osmth, and this is the first ever occasion on which the medal has been awarded by the order.  after a solemn wreath-laying, the osmth medal of valor and the accompanying certificate and citation were presented by the grand master colonel dr david n appleby and the chancellor general brigadier general baron john t digilio, gcsg; in the presence of the royal patron of the order, hrh princess elisabeth zu ysenburg und buedingen.  the citation declares that: “these american unknown soldiers are a perpetual inspiration to our knightly order ….” since they “…. epitomize the virtues of a ‘true knight’…. by their selfless acts of chivalry, bravery, self-sacrifice, and dedication to the defence of the principle that government of, by, and for the people, shall not perish from the earth.”  on the evening prior to the wreath-laying ceremony the three living grand masters, admiral jim carey, brigadier general patrick rea, and current grand master colonel david appleby were present at a reception in washington, dc. this was an historic moment for osmth. after action information. 



 







registration & accreditation notice:osmth ordo supremus militaris templi hierosolymitani (sovereign military order temple of jerusalem) is a:

·non-profit & tax-exempt international association registered in geneva, switzerland, under swiss federal numbers: ch-660.1.972.999-4 & che-101.134.939; and a
·non-governmental organization (ngo) accredited in special consultative status to the united nations economic & social council (un ecosoc).


there are more then 1700 groups in the world calling themselves 'templars' or 'knights templar' which is a name they can freely use. osmth (sovereign military order of the temple of jerusalem) however is not associated with any one of them and our logos and coat of arms are protected by trademark registration.
at osmth we care about your privacy. in response to the european union’s general data protection regulation (gdpr), we have reviewed our policies and procedures to ensure that we conduct our operations in line with your fundamental right to have your personal data collected only when, and for as long as necessary and to keep it well protected.










vision

osmth’s raison d’etre is expressed through the brussels declaration: “aiding humanity on the pilgrimage through life.”  vision and commitment 

christian ethos, spirituality and chivalric values.
domestic charity and international humanitarian aid
human rights and the respect for human diversity
interfaith dialogue and bridge-building

member login






username











password							






remember me 



log in







 

if you do not have login credentials, send a request to your grand prior who will confirm membership and forward your request to the osmth webmaster: webmastergeneral@osmth.org.







©2025 osmth(smotj), inc., all rights reserved.




