




















































xev_1 — livejournal







































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































xev_1
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














xev_1







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement








xev_1
> recent entries
> archive
> friends
> profile


> previous 10 entries



december 12th, 200606:52 pmyour political profile:overall: 25% conservative, 75% liberalsocial issues: 0% conservative, 100% liberalpersonal responsibility: 0% conservative, 100% liberalfiscal issues: 25% conservative, 75% liberalethics: 0% conservative, 100% liberaldefense and crime: 100% conservative, 0% liberalhow liberal or conservative are you?current mood: lazycurrent music: steal my sunshine(leave a comment)november 15th, 200609:01 pm( thing jenny didcollapse )current location: the xi annexcurrent mood: lazycurrent music: house on dvd(leave a comment)september 30th, 200604:15 pm - owwwwwwwwwim sick and its sad.ashley and i bought halloween decorations.but im still sick.current mood: sickcurrent music: house season 1 dvd(leave a comment)july 16th, 200612:16 pm(click here to post your own answers for this meme.)




✓ i miss somebody right now.
✓ i don't watch much tv these days.  (but tv on dvd yes)
✓ i own lots of books.


✓ i wear glasses or contact lenses.
✓ i love to play video games.  (love)
 × i've tried marijuana.


✓ i've watched porn movies.  (softcore on hbo with folk to laugh at it with)
 × i have been the psycho-ex in a past relationship.
 × i believe honesty is usually the best policy.


✓ i curse sometimes.  (like a sailor)
 × i have changed a lot mentally over the last year.
 × i carry my knife/razor everywhere with me.

( it goes on...collapse )erg i have to do inventory at work at 6 tonight, which means working with the ex(1 comment | leave a comment)june 8th, 200611:35 pm - summertimeim moving over to phi taus tomorrow, and i dont know when ill have my computer sorted out and internet, so if you need to contact me, do so by phone.baby raccoons are messy!  and fiesty..and noisyim so happy finals are overyaycurrent music: weird stuff from jills computer(leave a comment)june 1st, 200610:15 amim back from cali and all that.  had fun, it was a great wedding lots of craziness.  started at 1230 (the ceremony) went into drinks and appitizers on the lawn, then moved inside for the reception, then that ended at 530, and there was changing then after party at the suit my aunts and uncles were in.  that was til 740, then to the beach for the beach party where there was more coffee, alcohol and s'mores.  my immediate fam went back to our room at 945 ish.  that was just the wedding.  the rehersal fiesta the day before/shopping in downtown was fun, and the drive both ways was ok.  i got a new swim suit.ill post some wedding pics when i have time.sam, like the swiss one i dated senior year, imed me last night.  weird!  but fun to talk to him.work and paws today.current mood: chippercurrent music: he's a tramp- lady and the tramp(leave a comment)may 21st, 200601:35 pm - never go to sketchy partiesyeahthought i'd be nice and go meet the boyfriends high school friends at this party one of them threw.  well, a lot of random people ended up comeing, and as a result, mine and abbies cell phones were stolen.  i feel violated.in my drunken state i got very emotional about it and almost ended up in a fist fight.my purse also magically ended up on the lawn instead of in the car but nothing (including cash) was missing.  it must have gotting kick out when we were getting out or something.i will never again attend a party where i might not know 95% of the people there, unless it is, of course, a frat party.screw people, they are assholes.also, you will all need to give me your cell numbers again.current mood: infuriated(8 comments | leave a comment)may 7th, 200606:16 pm - cinco de mayo and b-day happytimesso cinco de mayo...worked, went to the frats, phi taus sang happy birthday to me at midnight and then played shook me all night long.  then i went over to cameron and esmonds and randomly shantelle and kristin were outside their apartment, so they came up to cameron and esmonds to "meet the nieghboors".  people said happy birthday to me and quint, we played beer pong, but we were pretty drunk and shit, so that didnt work out too well.  stupid nick was doing pretty well at beer pong that night.woke up, went to work, got off, went to fox sports grill for my b-day dinner with gals from the house plus abbs, david and pat.  ate lots of good food, then abbie took me to the mix with pat and david and we got free ice cream.  then we went to davids and drank, joined by quint, jessie and nick.  we went through a pint of tequilla, a fifth of rum, and a fifth of everclear.  eek.  this morning i drove nick and quint to the staff meeting which was useless and stupid and they knew we were all hung over and such.  i wasnt really hung over though, just tired.  then i went downtown with pat and david, ate lunch, then we went to gasworks where david rolled down the giant hill.now im chillin.  like a villian.  yeahcurrent mood: tiredcurrent music: where does the good go- tegan and sara(leave a comment)may 1st, 200608:01 pmso this weekend was interesting.  after work on friday i hung out with quint, nick, david and esmond.  we played beer pong.  then sat was the day of the dance.  i drove quint home, sat about, ect.  got ready for the dance.  quint came over at 6 ish then he, me and hays walked to phi pools, met david and got some special stuff for my flask.  then we had a feast at dick's drive in, then drank and got on the boat.  the dance was pretty fun, but i wasn't intoxicated at all.  some people definitly were haha.  the djs kind of sucked, they barely played songs off our request list, they mostly had like hip-hop/frat party music.  after the dance we went over to esmonds and played more beer pong.  it was funtimes.  sarah played for the first time and she got tipsy. sunday, 5 hours of sleep later, sarah has accidently locked her phone so i agree to take her to the verizon store, drop quint off again, and get some starbucks and then pick up my damn xmas tree from israel's.  well, kady fixed her phone for her but we still went to do the other stuff.  after i dropped quint off some lady rear-ended me.  it sucked, but there was no real damage, just pain and stuff.  then we got coffee and braved israels.  i hadn't been to his new place, so when i thought i had passed the address i pulled to a side street, parked and called him.  i told him the streets i was on and then he was all "im on such and such street (not where i was) and i dont see you!" and of course i got irritated and just started walking with sarah along the main road til i found it.  then we go to his apartment, pick up my tree, and he hands me a bag of other stuff, including his x-box game i gave him for xmas.  well we had an argument about that, i said it was a gift and belonged to him and he went off on how i wasnt trying to be his friend and i was "giving up".  ok.  i just tried to leave and he was following us and we yelled at him, or rather i did.  finally we got away and when i was in the car i took a look at the contents of the bag.  in it was a christmas card my family gave him went he spent xmas with us, my valentines day card to him, the game, a calander i gave him becuase i had an extra, and a post it note i wrote in december.  what is wrong with him? normal people just throw this shit away, not give it back to people...sarah noted the situation was like a bad lifetime television movie and that he must "have a uterus".  it was pretty funny.  overall it was a day of random bad shit happening to me, but i wasnt that angry at any point.  that was the most unusual thing of all.  the israel situation was pathetic and the rear-ending was just some older women not paying attention and i felt sorry for her.  so yeah, hopefully this week will be good, not like sunday.current mood: lazycurrent music: golden years- david bowie(1 comment | leave a comment)april 18th, 200609:10 pm - sick!so i have something.  something bad and sad.  it means my throat is horribly swollen, i have a fever, my neck and shoulders hurt, and if im too active i get sick to my stomach.  i didnt make it through my whole lab section today, i had to ask to leave early.  luckly i looked very convincingly sick (as in like crap) and jeff is a nice ta.  i spent some time in bed, recoverd a little, and got my car towed to the rapair shop.  the tow truck driver was super nice to me.  im used to people in those kind of positions (service-often auto) being rude.  but he was courtious, and even gave me a ride home.  probably cause i was sick and almost cried.  and he took care of giving my keys to the car repair men.  the car folk got it looked at in fixed in less than 2 hours, impressive.  the initially said it wouldnt be done til tomorrow.  so laila dropped me back off, and they gave me a possible solution to my problem.  the were nice and cheap and quick, so i was happy.  then i bought soup and tried to eat some.  i wish i didnt hurt so much to swallow.  i have a midterm tomorrow so i hope i get over this fast.  i dont think its strep, i kind of did a self-throat exam and sarah looked too.  i feel better in patches, with the worse times being in the morning and evening.  i just took a 1.5 hour nap.  it felt good, but i think i drooled a little on my bear.  opps.  im sick, ill blame it on that.current mood: drainedcurrent music: the way you make me feel- m. jackson(leave a comment)





> previous 10 entries> go to top


livejournal.com





























