




flower depot store | fort worth, texas - dried flowers, wreaths, lavender, pods and berries.








































flower depot store | fort worth, texas
dried flowers, wreaths, lavender, pods and berries.



menu

						skip to content					



search for:



 








jebseo – 2023 consultant service reviews


27/05/2023english, services reviewsd8gsds24tgrwe 


are you a business owner who wants to take their profit margins to the next level but do not understand how to increase your sales without exhausting tons of marketing dollars to get your brand noticed by potential customers? perhaps you have heard of search engine optimization, digital marketing, pay-per-click advertisement, or other sources of online advertising? tons of questions come to mind whenever frustrated companies search for answers to their marketing dilemmas and few locate honest, authoritative, and relevant answers. a high return on investment with low overhead is generally expected of us folks who want to save a dime yet make a dollar…
the flower depot store in fort worth, tx wants to share with you someone who we believe will help boost your marketing strategies with organic, white-hat search engine optimization. forget the large advertising agencies or corporations who are simply out to get your dollars to provide only minimum results. we want to share with you an individual who has passed our rigorous test by exceeding our online organic traffic on google by nearly 280% within 12 months. yes, our website here at www.flowerdepotstore.com lost trust with the search engines but this man helped us gain attention within 6 months of working with him.
this blog post will center around information, services, and frequently asked questions regarding https://jebseo.com located in southwest fort worth, tx, 76132, a wee bit near hulen mall but close to crowley, tx. learn more here.
jebseo – 2023 consultant service reviews:

we here at your local flower depot store in fort worth, texas love to share information about flowers, gardening, and other agricultural necessities but it is necessary to contribute trustful, authoritative, and positive brands that help shape the world. this means we owe our gratitude towards jonathan bowers who helped frame our marketing model when we needed an expert the most. mr. bowers is an intelligent, caring, and strategic man who cares about his client’s success first and foremost. we learned after filling out his discovery form that he wanted to learn about our brand’s mission before working with us. without further ado let’s explore the information with jonathan elijah bowers search engine optimization.
services provided to local businesses:
search engine optimization:
jebseo.com provides organic seo for local small to medium sized businesses. what this entails is that jon obliges by set standards and rules set by google, duckduckgo, and amazon algorithms to help shape a better web.
for instance, you can learn about google’s rankbrain algorithm via the link: https://searchengineland.com/faq-all-about-the-new-google-rankbrain-algorithm-234440 this aspect of google’s company is set to help users locate relevant, natural, and popular content. computers such as spiders crawl the web, index resource locations, then rank out the most trustful content. rankbrain is an artificial intelligent source of resource it utilizes latent semantic indexing to determine importance on the world wide web.
mr. bowers works with his clients to create private, trustful content that helps attract attention from users on google yet does not pass a threshold of unnaturalness by utilizing clean, organic back-links. this method is known as white-hat search engine optimization.
website design:
although not his primary source of income jon does provide mobile-friendly website design for clients with outdated websites. for instance, according to the study set in place around 2018 at https://canonicalized.com/mobile-friendly-study/ nearly a quarter of the top million websites online are not mobile friendly. the importance for mobile-friendliness factors into two reasons of online success:

higher conversions as mobile becomes more relevant:

it is no surprise that you as a consumer desires to view a website that matches your screen on your iphone or android. jonathan helps businesses increase their website conversions by transforming their url’s into mobile-friendly websites. we believe everyone should have access to information that is easily accessible, viewable, and converting so we share with you jon’s service consultancy.

google looks for mobile friendly websites

google in 2015 rolled out with an update known to many as mobilegeddon that changed the way web designers did business. the old way of business no longer was what mattered with website congruence. this means that blogs, brands, and unique resource locations must match/fit within mobile users devices in order to remain on the top 3 pages of google. many old websites lost rankings and many claimed nothing was to write home about but we at flower depot store believe mobile-friendliness can only benefit your brand’s identity. jonathan bowers helped our business with this so we want to share his practices with you.
seo analysis:
jonathan shared with us exactly how many dollars we were losing out per month to our competition by not being on the top of the search engines for our desired keyword terms. after we filled out his discovery form jon shared with us a 6 minute video about our website health, current back-links, social signals, and how our competition out performed us with natural search engine optimization. the results of the video were outstanding. we could not believe how much money we could earn per year by working with him. to top it off, he provided an seo analysis to us as a complimentary form of attraction. how neat is that?
collaboration tool integration:
the issue many businesses have by working with an seo consultant is a matter of trust whether work is being done honestly. jonathan with jebseo helped us bridge our understanding by consistently communicating with us via a tool basecamp that can be located on the link above. this project management software allowed us the comfort to check the progress of his work with our search engine optimization 24/7, 7 days a week, at any time without the need to call or email him. this trust allowed us to better sleep at night knowing our hard-earned dollar went to someone who cared about providing quality work for us.
major directories assimilation:
big name directories such as yelp, facebook, and the better business bureau were created by jon to help shape our internet entity. he described the internet as a source of presences and entities. presences are to be understood as directories, social signals, and other trustworthy links on the web. entities are blobs of information compiled from presences. surprisingly, the importance of this assimilation is create parallel accuracy or synchronicity with all of our presences. to be frank, we are happy jebseo.com helped us discover this aspect of the internet.
conclusion:
we believe jebseo.com is a top-notch business because he has saved us tens of thousands of marketing dollars. happily, we are at the top of the web for high competitive keyword terms so we just wanted to just share this blog post with you to learn about jonathan bowers’ services so it may help you on the digital path to success. if you want to learn more about his services then visit his website at www.jebseo.com or call him at 817-559-3537.
thanks,
the flower depot store



leave a comment 





our beautiful blog has bloomed once again!


21/05/2023uncategorizedd8gsds24tgrwe 


you can depend on our team at flower depot store to supply you with excellent, beautiful, and low-cost supplies for your flower wreathes. it has been a few years since our blog was online but we have bloomed once again and want to help you discover our supplies, products, and information on how to develop your dried flower wreaths at low cost in fort worth, texas. you can learn about techniques on how to create the perfect set in regards to season, color palette, or scenario regardless of occasion. we want to provide you excellent quality products at affordable rates so you can show off nature’s bounty for your next event or holiday. this blog will be online so customer support will be online 24/7, 7 days a weeks, weekdays and weekends, so feel free to reach out to us via the comment section. in other words, if you want to learn more about decorative wreaths then visit the youtube video to build your own dried flowers, berries, or oiled-base set by clicking the video.

thank you,
the team.



leave a comment 








searchsearchrecent postsjebseo – 2023 consultant service reviews
our beautiful blog has bloomed once again!
recent commentsno comments to show. 



					proudly powered by wordpress				








