









forest hills cemetery - forest hills cemetery

















































































617 524 0128



facebook




x




instagram


 





facebook




x




instagram



home
contact us / request information
history
the educational trust

exhibitions & sculptures
self-guided scholar’s tour


 












home
services

at-need services
burial services
historical areas burial options
cremation services

about cremation
columbaria




pre-need planning

about pre-need planning


about us
fhc families
testimonials
events & news
resources

visiting
hours & directions
chapels
tours
horticulture
famous people
photo policies
careers


contact us
 





select page


  
 



 



 
































































*** please note ***
for the safety of our visitors, tower street gate will be closeduntil completion of the work near the gate entrance.
we apologize for the inconvenience.
 








burial

a number of different burial services are available on a pre-need as well as an at-need basis.








cremation

cremation services are conducted at our on-site facility, the first crematory established in new england.








pre-need planning

a full program of pre-need planning is available to you and your loved ones.









on facebook





events


see more events



news




owl notice – please stay clear of the great horned owls nesting near the contemporary burial area

please stay clear of the great horned owls nesting site located next to our contemporary burial area.
read more



susan wilson and team win first place in history of surgery poster contest

we are proud to announce that susan wilson, author of garden of memories, partnered with pat neishoff, megan catalano, and dr. jane petro to create a large poster about an intricate surgery performed by dr. susan dimock in 1873.
read more



forest hills cemetery honored with community service award

forest hills cemetery was honored to be the recipient of the community service award at the 11th annual african american ball, held at the yawkey boys and girls club of roxbury, on february 23, 2019.
read more

















a timeless place of history and natural beauty
forest hills cemetery is one of the finest examples of the garden cemetery in the united states. founded in 1848, it provides a magnificent park-like setting to bury and remember family and friends. in recognition of its unique qualities, forest hills cemetery was added to the national register of historic places in 2004 and was named one of the “1000 greatest places” in massachusetts.
the famous and lesser known are at rest here, including some of history’s and the community’s most outstanding citizens, honored for service to their country, for their success in politics, literature or the arts and sciences. it is also a resting place for every citizen, of any origin or accomplishment.
forest hills cemetery is still an active burial ground, and is also a historic site, an open-air museum, and a 275-acre greenspace and arboretum.

















affiliations








massachusetts cemetery assocation








international cemetery, cremation & funeral association








cremation association of north america





 








forest hills cemetery a gathering of generations.
95 forest hills ave
boston, ma 02130
t 617 524 0128

translate our site


 






facebook




x




instagram


 © 2025 forest hills cemetery | web site design and hosting by ashdown technologies, inc. & miele-fleury graphics
 

 
 
 





































