

emergency alert systems | emergency notification | emergency broadcast services with emergency response & disaster recovery phone dialers.











 

















                 emergency notification services

home  |  
             contact us  |  
             about us  |  
             sign up  |  
             faq







emergency notification systems  •  
      community alert applications  •  
      mobile friendly  •  
      site map



emergency warnings  •  
      emergency alert systems  •  
      emergency notification  •  
      emergency dispatch










related services



church calls
school calls
telephone reassurance
tischlerbise impact fees problems










emergency broadcast services and emergency alert systems



database systems corp. provides emergency notification services using voice broadcasting and ivr technology that can simultaneously dial hundreds to thousands of numbers to alert your community with prerecorded warning phone messages.

our service differs significantly from other community alert systems. we provide either systems and services plus we can provide both to your community if you require an overflow or backup service.
thousands of residents in your community can be called in just minutes compared to days using manual calling methods.  this process can take hours even with a typical 48 line automatic phone dialer.  

our 911 emergency alert service can deliver recorded messages to both "live" individuals and answering machines.  emergency messages can also be delivered to special tty / tdd phones for the deaf and hearing impaired.  our systems have the ability to re-dial a phone number multiple times whenever there is a busy signal or a no answering condition.  a "press through" feature lets the call recipient confirm the receipt of the call, leave a voice mail message, or even transfer to a member of your emergency team. 

contact dsc to learn more about our community alert services and systems.

register online for emergency alert services






online registration




dsc now provides an online signup for both non-profit and business organizations wishing to use our emergency voice broadcasting outsourcing services.  signup is easy and free!  our competitive rates are affordable, even for the smallest calling campaign.

use this form to obtain a quotation and pricing information with no obligation until you are ready to start calling and provide us with your payment information.

both emergency and non-emergency voice broadcasting services can be provided by dsc.

to register online, click on the the online registration image or button on the right.




managing emergency calls from your smartphone





droid app




dsc now lets you manage your emergency notification calling campaigns using your droid and iphone smartphones.  the following easy to use functions are available to smartphone users.



login to your account
select a list of phone numbers to call
select saved recordings to broadcast
record messages by calling our service
start and stop a voice broadcast
monitor the voice broadcast in progress


this smartphone application lets you manage any number of emergency broadcasts using simple phone commands.
contact dsc to learn more about this simple way to control your emergency broadcasting and to obtain a copy of this smartphone application.

customer profile - american red cross












"each year, the american red cross responds immediately to more than 70,000 disasters, including house or apartment fires (the majority of disaster responses), hurricanes, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, hazardous materials spills, transportation accidents, explosions, and other natural and man-made disasters." - www.redcross.org


the american red cross chose database systems corp. to provide our 911 broadcast phone system for emergency notification.  the red cross uses this system for employee alerts and notification to contact its key employees and emergency response personnel during a disaster.  using our inbound ivr included with this emergency broadcast system, red cross personnel can record messages over the phone and transmit these messages to selected groups.   











what is an emergency phone dialer?

the database systems corp. phone system is ideally suited for community alert dialing because it is capable of dialing numbers from a computer managed phone list.  our phone system automatically dials a phone number and plays a recorded message when it detects a person answers the call or when an answering machine message is detected.  our phone dialer can even transfer the call to a disaster response team if the call recipient needs help or further assistance.  

there are several types of emergency phone dialing including our automatic message dialer that simply broadcasts phone messages.  but our emergency notification dialer does much more including transferring calls to local and remote response team members.  
for a complete description of this emergency broadcast system, view our community alert web page.


emergency phone dialer and network phone systems

the pacer emergency phone dialer is a digital phone system that supports up to 480 phone lines in one system.  the pacer phone systems are unique in that they can be networked to form a powerful array of automatic dialing systems all under the control of our emergency notification software.
this network array can grow to be as large as your organization or community requires.  the dialers do not need to be located on the same physical network and calls can be routed over the internet to as many pacer phone systems as required.

for complete information about these emergency network dialers, please visit our emergency phone dialer webpage. 

database systems corp. also supports analog phone systems for community notifications that do not require large phone banks to accomplish this task.








emergency phone dialers









emergency broadcast system



database systems corp. offers an economical voice message broadcasting phone system that is ideally suited for small scale auto dialing. this message dialing system starts with 4 analog lines.  dsc provides phone dialers that can grow to up a thousand digital phone lines.  this autodialer includes our voice broadcast wizard software or comes optionally with our comprehensive software development toolkit. 
program your own system or we can provide you with a custom message broadcasting application. these applications can be easily ported to our digital t1 phone system (pacer) when your automatic notification call center requires a higher volume and faster response.  this system is ideally suited for first responders and community disaster relief personnel notification.

our entry level message dialing system can be expanded by adding additional analog phone lines or digital t1 lines.  likewise agent lines and software can be added to this system to support a small response center for processing inbound calls as well as normal outbound dialing.
dsc provides voice broadcast software including our vb wizard development tool for creating custom phone applications. this wizard guides you through each step when defining your vb applications. simply record your phone prompts and fill in the blanks to initiate message broadcasts. 











activating community broadcasts

when an disaster occurs in your community, our community notification system can be activated in many ways.  we provide an internet login, with the online ability to maintain your broadcast messages and call lists.  our purchased systems come with an administrative program to manage your phone blasts.  calls can also be initiated by phone using touchtone responses.  finally, automatic phone messages can be initiated and delivered from your own computer or website using our xml technology.

online emergency management



our 911 emergency broadcast service is easy to use and we provide several methods to activate a mass communications broadcast.  we help you organize community call lists and organize them in a fashion that best fits your message broadcasting requirements.  when a disaster arises, you simply record your phone message offline or use our toll free phone service to record your message.  

next identify your call recipients using a simple list manager or a graphical map display and send us your phone numbers via the internet.  

phone activated mass communication messages



you can also identify pre-defined lists to call using simple touchphone responses on our toll free service.  we do the rest.
if you need to embed our emergency broadcasting within your existing pc or web applications, we provide a complete program interface to accomplish this.

unlike some systems that are limited by the number of lines available to perform this emergency dialing, our service is provided to you using a network of phone dialers that can deliver your emergency messages much faster.  
our emergency notification system delivers messages to individuals or answering machines and can even allow the call recipient to make touchphone selections.  this may be critical if your disaster recovery center requires a positive acknowledgement from the call recipients such as first responders or your disaster response team.

computer activated phone messaging


our community notification network also supports computer and web connectivity using xml technology.  thus, community alerts can be initiated from your website or computer by automatically sending our call center phone system a message containing a list of one or more phone numbers and a message to be sent to these individuals.  the message can be text (which is automatically converted to voice) or a voice file.  
for further information, visit our emergency xml messaging web page.



should you contract our service or purchase a system?

every community should carefully consider this important question.  purchasing your own emergency notification system gives your community more control, but requires a considerable amount of phone resources, telecommunications equipment and technical competence to keep your system operational.  the larger your community, the greater capital expense is required to broadcast your phone messages in a timely fashion.  

if your organization can utilize this system for non-emergency voice broadcasting, it is easier to financially justify the purchase of a system over contracting with an outside service.  after all, emergency broadcasting is something you hope you never need to use.

contracting your automatic message notification service requires less up front capital and can provide a faster community broadcast if your provider has sufficient resources available.  other than a monthly subscription fee, you only pay for the emergency broadcast as it occurs.  system redundancy is available as well as centralized and experienced technical assistance.

inbound emergency response center






emergency broadcast reports




the pacer phone system is far more than just an emergency response dialer and outbound phone system.  the pacer 911 emergency phone dialers have complete inbound call distribution capability including an acd system and an optional ivr system.  callers can be prompted to enter the type of service required, etc. and the pacer autodialer will provide the requested information or transfer the caller to the appropriate emergency response team member.  the pacer emergency phone dialers can blend these tasks together including our inbound ivr service, making your emergency center a more complete and powerful response center.  reports from our phone dialers can be obtained quickly and easily, giving you an accurate and timely view of your center's operation.  plus all or selected inbound and outbound calls can be recorded for quality assurance and legal purposes.

911 emergency notification service applications

our 911 broadcast services and phone systems have a wide variety of applications within a community:



hurricane warnings and instructions
emergency dispatch service
severe weather warnings
forest fire warnings
emergency dialer systems
emergency alert system for tornados
emergency school closings/li>
whitefish mt politicians
call for volunteers
emergency response team notification
community alerts
chemical spills and biological alerts
emergency notification systems
health warnings and alerts
emergency broadcast system
utility or service outages
snow storm alerts and warnings
natural disaster recovery
criminal activity alerts

call us to learn more about our 911 emergency notification services and alert systems.











          
911broadcast and 911 broadcast are registered trademarks
          copyright   1998 - 2022 database systems corp. all rights reserved.







 