



nidus productions

















nidus 





  join the revolution, the revolutionary vape-pen™
based on proven and safe technology
              the vape-pen™ has transformed the concept of an electronic cigarette
              for the first time ever applying it to vaporizing healing herbs.
...
                more info coming soon



 


 new book and video !!  

 





originally conceived
                as a music marketing production company, nidus quickly branched
                into developing movies and musicals also. licensing music for
                film and television, sporting events, and theater productions,
                nidus has developed a steady clientele due to our very high standards
                of production, promotion and delivery. our professionalism, hard
                work and years of experience in the art and business of making
                music ensures a consistent level of talent and commercially viable
                product. please use this site to check on the many projects currently
                blossoming. always on the cutting edge... nidus is truly a place
                where things grow and develop.
robert
                  calkin and nidus productions are proud to present the new book: "everything you need to know to start your
                  own medical marijuana delivery service in the state of california." based
                on the original curriculum robert wrote for oaksterdam university,
                this book is the definitive guide on the subject and provides
                a complete overview of the industry, including a step-by-step
                method on how to begin your own delivery service. robert now
                teaches at oaksterdam university along with many other higher
                learning centers.
the video is a comprehensive
                adaptation 
                of the book.
 
 
 
click here to order! 

 
 
 



new releases 






the
                new long awaited release from rude awakening® 
          featuring thirteen lizzy classics -- buy now 


 



live shows!








rude awakening - 
none scheduled 
 






 



contact 


nidus productions
              4821 lankershim blvd suite f
              north hollywood ca 91601
              p 818-515-7600  
              - f 818-505-8291
              rockline [us] 213-994-rude (7833)
bob@nidusprod.com




 


 





  

 


