



	web application platform developer based in sioux falls, south dakota

























a progressive web application / platform developer based in sioux falls, sd. 





home
about
our projects
contact
















delivering interactive web applications since 1999
interactivethink has seen the ups and downs of the web industry. put that expertise to work for you when it comes to your next web project.

click for details








over $2 million and counting...
interactivethink has processed over 2 million in transactions for classified verticals and still going strong. rock solid e-commerce/customer management.

learn more















predictive nursing analytics
comprehensive platform designed to identify competency standards & training needs in the field of nursing.  awarded grant from philippines government for indepth study of nursing schools throughout the country.  over 1,000 concurrent users, multiple schools of nursing and thousands of assessment data points, provided real-results for the students and faculty! 

learn more









healthyclick.comenterprise employee wellness portal, currently serving small business to 3 fortune 500 clients.




















 platform development
from smaller web apps with singular purposes to more enterprise solutions involving thousands of users, interactivethink has you covered. we've developed, deployed, tested, coded, maintained and banged our head against millions of lines of codes and thousands of great end user experiences. 






development for web and mobile
from the desktop to mobile, interactivethink has developed it. our development efforts range from the creation of innovative, unique web experiences for end users, to the design &implementation of mobile web and app versions for today's popular smartphones. we're part of the apple developers program and love to create applications which span the entire gamut of a user's application experience. 




our satisfied clients


















interactivethink, inc.
sioux falls office
326 e. 8th st #101
                           sioux falls, sd 57103
                           tel  : 605.413.1617
                           fax : 605.413.1613













quick links

home
projects
about us
contact us









                	copyright © 2011 interactivethink, inc.
                    
back to top










test


