








six degrees records, home – everything is closer than you think.






























































news
catalog
artists
shop
tour dates
distribution
blog
playlists
traveler radio
about
contact
label services
 





select page


  
 



 



 














 

 
 




 

 
 




 

 
 




 

 
 




 

 
 




 

 
 




 

 
 




 

 
 




 

 
 




 

 
 




 

 
 
 
 






 

 
 




 

 
 




 

 
 




 

 
 




 

 
 




 

 
 




 

 
 




 

 
 




 

 
 




 

 
 




 

 
 
 
 






 

 
 




 

 
 




 

 
 




 

 
 




 

 
 




 

 
 




 

 
 




 

 
 




 

 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 




new releases
 
 
 






 





 





 





 
 
 




latest videos
 




 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 




featured distributed releases
 
 
 




 



 



 



 
 


see all distributed artists & labels >>
 
 
 
 




news
 




 
max zt releases new video for his track “in it”
dec 6, 2022stemming from max’s deep reflection on the healing and restorative powers of music during the darkest days of early covid lockdowns, the seven tracks on his daybreak album conjure exploratory, enveloping soundscapes that epitomize max’s inventive cross-cultural...
read more
 

 
punku four-star songlines review
aug 28, 2022punku was recently the recipient of a four-star album review in the leading global music publication songlines. from the review: "a speedy, bass-heavy reinterpretation of ‘el condor pasa’ (as ‘kuntur hina’) is a sprightly sensation, and the woozy huayno melody of...
read more
 

 
mamak khadem upcoming concerts
jul 21, 2022los angeles' skirball cultural center welcomes back iranian american singer mamak khadem to kick off their twenty-fifth sunset concerts season on july 21st. khadem’s blend of classical persian style and diverse contemporary influences traverses musical traditions from...
read more
 

 
new video from bob holroyd – “the day before”
jul 15, 2022electronic music artist bob holroyd recently premiered the new video to his track, "the day before." about the track, bob writes: "the day before - a dream or a nightmare of what’s to come, or what has been. hopeful yet dystopian, the realization that, with hindsight,...
read more
 


 

 


latest playlist 
 





 

 
 
 
 





 
 
  








never miss a beat! subscribe to our mailing list.











subscribe!






you have successfully subscribed!




  
 
 



 © 1996 six degrees records

        

     
 


 

 
 
 







subscribe to our newsletterjoin our mailing list to receive the latest news and updates from our team.











subscribe!






you have successfully subscribed!




 























