




home



  
        





 




                  since 1997, now operating on an onsite / free pickup +
                  delivery model,
                   
skunk-a-rific is the
                  computer sales + service that comes to you!






 









 
 
                       




 


 subscribe
                            to our e-mail alerts! 








 



















us
                                      vs others:







imagine
                                  you just bought a shiny new car. it drove off
                                  the lot fine, but late that night, on a dark,
                                  lonely road (are we overly melodramatic here
                                  or what?) you break down because the
                                  automobile manufacturer failed to provide you
                                  with the basic necessities, like brake lines.
                                  no big deal, you think, you will just call the
                                  roadside assistance that was promised free
                                  with your car! so you call, and you are
                                  greeted by someone named "abraham lincoln"
                                  (absolutely no joke, we have talked with him,
                                  but funny, he had an indian accent!?!). mr.
                                  lincoln asks you to go to the trunk and get
                                  out a 10 millimeter wrench and to raise the
                                  hood. you dutifully comply, seeing as he is
                                  nice and seems friendly, but a little hard to
                                  understand. then he asks you to remove the egr
                                  valve, or at least you think that's what he
                                  said. you ask if you can get the roadside
                                  assistance you got the with car, and he tells
                                  you that this is the assistance.












the world of computer "tech
                                support" is no different.you
                                see a shiny new computer on tv for only $399,
                                and you make the call. the salesman speaks
                                perfect english, is really nice, and tells you
                                that the $399 system won't really do what you
                                need it to do, that you need to spend ~$700.00
                                (at least he's not lying!). you give your credit
                                card number to the nice man, and in just a month
                                or two it arrives. you set it up, you notice the
                                anti-virus is a trial version, there is no
                                mention of anti-spyware, and that there are
                                loads of offers to take your money on the
                                desktop. in a month or so you find it comes from
                                the factory with with no anti-virus, no
                                anti-spyware, no support. you were certainly not
                                ready to get on the internet; and when you do,
                                you find the computer slows to a crawl, you get
                                pop-ups everywhere, and somehow the computer you
                                just bought for yourself and your ten year-old
                                daughter is littered with porn site offers. 





you
                                    call for tech support, and you get abraham
                                    lincoln, who tells you to remove parts from
                                    your computer that you aren't sure you would
                                    even understand in english, and as you are
                                    reassembling your new pride and joy, you see
                                    the sticker on the case side that says,
                                    "warranty void if opened." your heart sinks,
                                    and gets even lower when the problem is
                                    still there after the nice mr. lincoln's
                                    "fix." then he tells you to mail it to a
                                    foreign country (texas) for repair after you
                                    fail!  you have no choice, so you take
                                    half a day off work the next day to send it.
                                    it costs you forty dollars to send it, but
                                    again you have no choice. you are overjoyed
                                    when, only a week later, your computer is
                                    back. you've been jonesing for a good game
                                    of mah-johngg and your daughter
                                    is excited to get her homework stuck
                                    somewhere in the "my documents" folder. you
                                    hook it up, start it up, and reel in horror
                                    as you discover all your programs, data, and
                                    setting are gone. all your finances, your
                                    daughter's report, your e-mail, all gone.
                                    you call, thinking this is a mistake, and
                                    are curtly told that it is the company's
                                    policy to destroy your data when you mail it
                                    in. so you go on. in a month the popups are
                                    back, you've spent hundreds on programs to
                                    eliminate the problem, only to find more
                                    popups, and now your ten year-old knows more
                                    about bestiality than you do.









welcome
                                      to the world of skunk-a-rific






you call skunk-a-rific. you
                                  ask where in the hell they got that name, and
                                  you find out the company was named after a
                                  baby skunk they rescued... awwwww. then you
                                  tell them your tale of horror, and they tell
                                  you that fixing this is what they do. (they
                                  also manufacture computers that don't have
                                  these problems!) they ask you in-depth
                                  questions about what they can and can't do to
                                  fix your computer, are able to back up your
                                  data, and finally, present you with a computer
                                  pretty much immune to all the b.s.! they give
                                  you class on how to keep all the crap off the
                                  system, give you the software you need to keep
                                  it safe, and show you how to use it. and just
                                  to prove how serious they are, if it does
                                  happen again (even if you deliberately mess it
                                  up) they will fix it free. right away.



  







in
                                    a month you notice it is still faster than
                                    when you bought it, you still get no
                                    pop-ups, and you recommend "skunks" to your
                                    boss. they come out, fix everything, sell
                                    the company new computers, and you get
                                    promoted to vip status. your boss buys you a
                                    yacht and you take the skunk crew to the
                                    caribbean as a thank you.






take that first step
                                  (right now!) and call us - (513)
                                    942-9186.  
then mix down those
                                  fru-fru drinks!









 






