





downtown ellijay, georgia 2025 home page |







































































event listings
business directory
blog
attractions





















followfollowfollow



 











find events and attractions




















upcoming events in ellijay






sorry, no events were found.
				







attractions in ellijay







orchards





places to stay





dining





shopping





wineries & vineyards





things to do







things to do in downtown ellijay





enjoy

shopping & dining in downtown ellijay
downtown ellijay is right in the middle of all the action. when you first arrive the downtown district reminds you of a town from an earlier time. the people are friendly, the pace is slower and the fresh oxygen-filled mountain air flows freely through your system. as you walk through the historic downtown area you start to notice everything that is going on. ellijay is everything you want in a small town.

enjoy more



explore

the outdoors
you name it, we’ve got it. from hiking to camping and activities for the kids, we have it. did you know that gilmer county is the mountain biking capital of georgia? downtown boasts a full-service bike shop for all your needs. whitepath golf course is just a 10-minute drive up highway 515. fishing and all types of watersports are right at your fingertips.

explore more





experience

fresh & local
ellijay is home to no fewer than eleven apple orchards, so whether you like your apples sweet, tart, golden, or rosy, you’re sure to find the perfect locally-grown treat! apples are always in season from august through november, and ellijay is proud to host the georgia apple festival every year.
looking to plan your next wedding or event, ellijay is perfect for parties, events, and gatherings.

experience more



escape

to stay + play
accommodations – you can drive up for the day, stay for a long weekend or spend your vacation in ellijay. once you come to the mountains and settle into the slower pace of life, you may want to stay awhile or better yet, buy a home where the air is clean and the folks are friendly. ellijay has all the resources needed to make your dreams come true. for more detailed information about where to stay in ellijay please click here.

escape more

















upcoming annual events







ellijay welcomes food truck tuesdays
mark your calendars, and start a new family tradition. join us on select tuesdays at river park throughout the year.
live music:
every month we’ll feature new local (and some not as local) talent to share their live music while you enjoy the evening snacking!
what to bring:
bring your own lawn chairs to sit and enjoy the live music, and an appetite to enjoy the wonderful food truck vendors.
food truck tuesday info click here





ellijay farmers & artisans market
are you a fan of fresh produce, unique crafts, and a vibrant community atmosphere? look no further than the ellijay farmers and artisans market! this local gem is a must-visit destination for anyone seeking a taste of the best that ellijay has to offer. whether you’re a long-time resident or just passing through, the market is sure to leave you with a smile on your face and a bag full of goodies.
when:
every saturday, may through september, from 8:30 am to 12:30 pm
where:
gilmer county courthouse parking lot








a little history . . .
ellijay comes from the cherokee language and means “new ground”. that is fitting today because ellijay may not be well known to folks wanting to explore the mountains of north georgia.
the downtown area is becoming discovered by more and more people wanting to experience the small-town atmosphere.
downtown ellijay can take you back to a time when things were slower and at the same time offer exciting experiences for everyone in the family.













travelers per year




restaurants + bars




places to stay



%
relaxed + rejuvenated guarantee







follow us





subscribe to our newsletter for the latest deals




success!



first name



email





subscribe












 

 








accomodations




event & wedding venues
places to stay












explore




apple orchards
shopping
things to do












outdoor activities




biking
fishing
hiking












food & wine




dining
wineries & vineyards
















search for:











support request
register your business
privacy policy

claim your business



contact us: info@downtownellijay.com© 2022 all rights reserved dte








followfollowfollow



 











subscribe to our newsletterget the latest deals and specials right in your inbox!











subscribe!






you have successfully subscribed!






pin it on pinterest


 












