








home - victor manufacturing


































































skip to content








resource download




				0 items in quote			


no products in the quote basket.


 




search for:




 



 
 
 
 


















our products





shop by product
hot cupboards
heated drawers
banqueting carts
table top displays
modular counters
retail displays
synergy drop ins
modular micro markets
accessories
view all 


our ranges
hot cupboards
banquetline
maxiline
evolution
optimax
vista
caribbean
jamaican
flexiline
synergy
nexus
view all 
 


 

what we do





what we do

site surveysdesign consultationdedicated project teamvisual renderingequipment supplyinstallationaftercare 
view all 


projects

the dolphin restaurant, poole hospitalhermes head officewest lodge park hotelsandburn hallcatterick race coursest marys hospitalwoods quay, victoria embankment 
view all 
 

aboutnewscontactloginmy account# 






search for:




 

 




 











new maxiline multidecksshop products








design consultancyget in touch








latest projectsview our projects








uk made equipmentshop product ranges








our servicesmore information



scroll









welcome to victor
established in 1944 victor has steadily grown to become one of the uk’s top catering equipment manufacturers. over 80 years of experience in the design, manufacture, and continual product development has allowed victor to produce some of the best food service equipment available.  operating from a manufacturing plant in keighley, west yorkshire, victor specialises in designing products that effectively move, store, and display hot & cold food to the all sectors of the commercial catering and food retailing industry. with a speedy and efficient service product quality is paramount, producing to iso9001 since 2002 all products are ce marked and meet or exceed current legislation.
get in touch











our product ranges









hot cupboards
from the smallest tabletop plate warmer to the largest two-tier model, victor has a hot cupboard to suit every possible requirement. whether it’s a static unit or mobile unit on castors, we have a range of over 60 standard hot cupboards, ideal for holding and transporting food & plated meals.



explore range








banquetline
banqueting carts and trolleys are the ultimate solutions for holding, storing, and transporting, hot and chilled food in optimum condition. perfect for catering on a grand scale, user applications include banquets, conferences, hotels, sports stadiums, universities, colleges, and outside events.



explore range








synergy drop ins
synergy heated, chilled and ambient display units are designed to be dropped into a counter surface to form a food service run.
available in up to 6 different lengths, providing the flexibility to construct standalone serving stations or servery counters in a variety of shapes.



explore range








retail merchandisers
retail merchandiers perfectly suited for deli’s, coffee shops, convenience stores and food-to-go outlets.  
a variety of different styles and sizes in heated, ambient and refrigerated format, both self-service and assisted service. 



explore range








table top displays
our collection of heated and chilled display units, deli and buffet toppers put food at the forefront of customer’s attention to prompt impulse purchase.



explore range






view the full product range












						 what we do
					 




site surveys


design consultancy


visual rendering


equipment supply


dedicated project team


installation


after care










the clocktower cafe, sewerby hall & gardenssewerby hall and gardens is set in 50 acres of east yorkshire parkland. adjacent to the main house, in what was the courtyard stable block, the clock tower café building…read morethe dolphin restaurant, poole hospitalthe dolphin restaurant is at the heart of the hospital. victor was entrusted in transforming the existing space during the summer lockdown of 2021. working with builders and other contractors…read morewoods quay, victoria embankmentwoods quay is moored on the thames, situated directly in front of the savoy hotel on the victoria embankment. the space was to serve as an inviting space for guests…read more



our projects











customer led innovation




in-house design capabilities




state of the art technology




dedicated sales hq for excellent customer service




made in britain




built to last











featured products


bain marie hot cupboard - wet or dry heatthe heavy duty sceptre range of bain marie hot cupboards target busy kitchens and are particularly suited to hotels, restaurants, universities, schools and holiday parks.from: £3,770.00shop nowbm40msg general purpose bain marie hot cupboard with heated gantryideal for general purpose use in all catering establishments, residential care homes, pubs, hotels, cafes, schools & colleges. complete with heated gantry to form a portable servery counter. capacity: 4…from: £4,355.00shop nowser90e evolution enclosed front refrigerated retail displayvictor evolution includes a comprehensive range of hot, ambient and chilled displays, suitable for either assisted or self-service applications. perfectly suited for deli’s, coffee shops, convenience stores and all food-to-go…from: £9,745.00shop nowdhbm3 synergy drop in heated bain marie - 65mm deepdesigned to maintain the temperature of hot food using an energy regulator controlled dry heat bain marie well supplementing dimmer controlled quartz halogen heat lamps from above. choose either rear…from: £3,325.00shop nowbanquetline 100 heated banquet cartthe bl100h1 is a highly flexible unit, combining a large capacity with the ability to transport food from kitchen to dining area with ease.from: £7,275.00shop now 









our sectors






business & industry





retail





education





healthcare





leisure





hospitality












anything you can’t find? get in touch…
get in touch




download our catalogue
resources












privacy policy
sitemap
terms & conditions
 copyright © 2025 victor online. all rights reserved.
















copyright © 2025 victor online. all rights reserved.
site by: pure agency









































we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.okprivacy policy




