


maui oceanfront rental condos. owner direct beachfront vacation rental condos at the valley isle resort. maui vacation condos. 



















          going maui vacation rental condos 
        




          maui oceanfront condos
          at the valley isle resort























            directly on the beach...
         kahana, maui, hawaii
        








        enjoy spectacular unobstructed 180 degree views from our direct oceanfront studio and 
           one bedroom vacation rental condos at the valley isle resort, located in beautiful west maui.













           swim, snorkel, relax by the heated swimming pool or just enjoy 
           the great views of the islands of lanai and molokai, rainbows, windsurfers, 
           whales (in season), and tropical sunsets from the private lanai(balcony).
		   
       



        the resort complex includes a heated pool, gas barbeque grills,and friendly front desk 
           staff to help you enjoy your stay on maui.
      




 
                resort pool area 



 
                resort bbq area 





         golf, tennis, sight-seeing and shopping are 
           within minutes of the quiet, tropical surroundings.a variety of dining experiences 
           are within easy walking distance of the resort.
        both condos have a large, private lanai and feature free high speed wireless internet connection,
           cable tv, vcr, cd/audio player/ipod dock, private phone, and completely furnished kitchens with microwave. 
           all bed and bath linens are provided.




































		 (photo taken prior to sandbagging for beach erosion.)
      

















































           i am pleased to provide you with smoke-free accommodations.  in consideration of all my guests, 
           there is no smoking in the condo units or on the condo lanais.
           a designated smoking area has been provided on the resort property.







for vacation condo rental information and reservations contact:
         

         







meet your host








e-mail to going maui
        goingmaui@gmail.com

                       phone: (651) 431-8871 


















aloha! you are visitor number 

    
       to the going maui website.
    
links to other sites of interest to maui travelers

all contents of this website are the copyrighted© property of jim keithahn and cannot be reused without his permission.hi tax id: 065-732-4032-01
     




