





standing up for fairness and equal treatment of all people regardless of marital status since 1998. — unmarried equality — justice for unmarried and single americans























unmarried equalityjustice for unmarried and single americans standing up for fairness and equal treatment of all people regardless of marital status since 1998.

home
who we are

board of directors
mission statement

affirmation of family diversity

affirmation of family diversity signatories


privacy policy


annual reports
history


issues

health care

employment-based health insurance
hospital rights
universal health care
your stories about marriage and health care


housing
parents & children

unmarried parenting f.a.q.
unmarried parenting books & links
adoption

the experts speak on adoption


doin’ it for the kids


immigration

policy position: immigration and family diversity
immigration resources


lgbtq

same-sex marriage

same-sex marriage f.a.q.


domestic partnership

domestic partner benefits
domestic partner benefits f.a.q.
legal information and resources by state
joint statement in favor of maintaining domestic partner benefits


legal information and resources by state
lgbtq books & links


taxation

resources
writing letters about income taxes




ways to be unmarried

living solo

books
online resources


living together / cohabitation

living together: legal and financial issues

living together: legal & financial f.a.q.
legal & financial books & links




domestic partnership

domestic partner benefits
domestic partner benefits f.a.q.
legal information and resources by state
joint statement in favor of maintaining domestic partner benefits


commitment ceremonies

commitment ceremonies f.a.q.
commitment ceremony books & links
a celebration of love: one couple’s commitment ceremony


common law

common law marriage fact sheet
legal information and resources by state


polyamory

polyamory books & links




blog
resources

statistics
unmarried equality bookstore


contact us

general information
press room


donate

why you should donate


welcome
welcome to unmarried equality, home of the blog of singles rights expert and advocate bella depaulo! after 20 years of standing up for fairness and equal treatment of all people regardless of marital status, unmarried equality has transitioned away from being an active nonprofit organization. if you are looking for research or are a member of the press looking for an expert on unmarried people, please contact the council on contemporary families. for grassroots legal advocacy, contact the woodhull freedom foundation. in addition to bella’s blog, the pages of this site will remain as an information resource about unmarried issues, although not all pages will be actively updated. thanks for your many years of interest and support!




our blog
what we missed by ignoring marital status in the 2024 presidential electiondecember 6, 2024 in the avalanche of election takeaways, a group of ardent republican supporters has skated by unnoticed, and a group of stalwart democratic partisans has also been mostly ignored.
women who have never been married are some of the strongest supporters of democratsoctober 3, 2024 it is presidential election season in the us, and polling results are ubiquitous. many polls from many different polling companies are released every day, and articles about polling results are often among the most popular stories on media websites.
triggering an outpouring of support for single people: a wildly effective and unexpected strategyseptember 30, 2024 i value psychological studies and strategies that not only offer insights and understanding, but also tip the scales toward social justice. i’m particularly interested in justice for single people, who are systematically disadvantaged in laws, policies, the workplace, the marketplace, the health care system, and just about every other major domain of life.
unmarried equality gets some love from an unlikely placeaugust 31, 2024 in the decades that i have been writing about single people, single life, and singlism, i’ve had one rule: i don’t talk about dating or other attempts by single people to unsingle themselves. i don’t want to perpetuate the stereotype that what single people want more than anything else is not to be single any […]
challenging a marriage enthusiast on nprjune 29, 2024 when i was invited to participate in an hour-long debate, “married or single?”, i jumped at the chance. the show is open to debate, moderated by john donvan, who used to be abc’s white house correspondent and has won 4 emmys. the show will air on wnyc and many public radio stations around the country. […]

 join
donate


follow on facebook:
unmarried equality

our partners

morris foundation, inc.



 

 privacy policy
© 2018 unmarried equality
website development by rainworks

return to top of pagecopyright © 2025 · news child theme on genesis framework · wordpress · log in




