








arbitration attorney | nyc securities fraud attorney - conway & conway






















 
 
main menu

homethe firm
	attorneys
kevin p. conwaypractice areassecurities arbitration & litigationfutures arbitration & litigationcommodity merchant litigation / arbitrationstock broker disciplinary representationbusiness litigationcorporate lawexpungementrepresentative casesresourcesnotary servicescontact us

























 





 








 arbitration attorney | nyc securities fraud attorney - conway & conway 



												welcome to conway & conway									

					
	
	
		
								the new york law firm of conway & conway offers a team of committed securities, futures, and commodities arbitration attorneys dedicated to zealous representation of public customers and industry professionals located throughout the united states as well as internationally. our lawyers are constantly researching current and developing u.s. securities and futures laws, regulatory reforms and other issues of interest to investors and professionals. our firm is agile, responsive, and large enough to handle numerous cases while providing personalized service for your securities, futures, or commodities case.to learn more about our firm, please click here.
aggressive securities arbitration services
headquartered at 122 e 42nd street suite 1612, the new york city securities arbitration law firm of conway & conway has provided public investors with successful results in securities arbitration cases since 1989.
corporate law attorneys
conway & conway’s attorneys are experienced with business counseling and litigation, and have represented corporate clients at various stages of negotiation, and acquisition, as well as wrongful termination and other corporate matters.  the firm also represents commercial clients in all types of business and commercial litigation.
financial services industry investment fraud
conway & conway provides superior legal advice to the public concerning the financial services industry. the firm's investment fraud lawyers have a comprehensive and unique understanding of the laws that apply to the securities and futures industries (see kevin p. conway's profile).  they provide experienced legal counsel to investors in disputes between investors and broker dealers, registered representatives and associated persons.
international commodity merchant attorneys
the commodity merchant attorneys at conway & conway provide litigation and arbitration services for international commodity merchants related to trade disputes. their extensive trial experience, combined with a unique familiarity with the commodities industry foreign exchange and futures markets, enables conway & conway’s dedicated commodity arbitration attorneys to resolve serious commodity trade disputes in a timely and cost-effective manner.
broker / dealers representation
conway & conway also represents broker / dealers and registered representatives in regulatory and disciplinary matters, along with commercial and business litigation, and general corporate transactions.conway & conway's extensive experience includes representation of broker / dealers, associated persons, and registered reps before disciplinary tribunals and regulatory organizations such as the finrh, sec, cftc, nyse, nfa and all major futures exchanges.if you have a u-5 expungement issue or a question about your u-4 that is affecting your ability to gain full employment in the financial services industry, contact conway & conway's broker / dealer attorneys.
	
						 



 
 





home | the firm | attorneys | practice areas | representative cases | resources | contact us© conway & conway. all rights reserved.  attorney advertising. the material and information contained on these pages and on any pages linked from these pages is intended to provide general information only and not legal advice. you should consult with an attorney licensed to practice in your jurisdiction before relying upon any of the information presented here. | disclaimer | sitemap | law firm website design by law promo 












