


stafford design | portland, oregon web site and print graphic design services














































































 














































>>> 
					retired-ed <<<
i have officially and 
					finally retired in 2019. decided to hang up my mouse and go 
					have a little old age fun. i'll leave this site up for a 
					while, and still take care of my old customers when they need 
					something done, but my business is officially closed at this 
					time. 
					contact me if you need to. see you on the beach!













•  
              
web site design and development





the primary focus here at
              stafford design is the design and creation of new web sites for
              small to medium sized businesses. this includes anything from a
              simple showcase site to a full-blown online commerce enabled site.
              every site is custom made with original artwork to meet each
              client's specific requirements. additionally, pages are coded to
              assist with search engine optimization. as a private contractor, i
              am able work independently, with one of my partners, alongside my
              client's own in-house staff or with an outside agency to develop
              the web site quickly and inexpensively.






























































































•  
              
web site updating and continuing maintenance





site maintenance and update services have grown to become an important
      part of my business. many of my clients don't have the time, staff, or expertise
      to keep their web sites current. they have come to rely on me to make sure
      their site material is fresh and updated to the state of their business as
      well as technically current to the state of the internet. this is
              especially true with the ever changing requirements for search
              engine optimization. often these types of updates are quick to do and very cost effective for my
      customers.









•  
              
print graphics, logo design, presentations, and  photography





in addition to creating new web sites or redesigning existing sites, i have
      expanded in recent years to also offer graphic design services for all
      manner of printed projects from corporate letterhead, business cards, flyers and
      brochures through product labeling, clothing and silkscreen design, showbooth design, signage and large
              format
      printing. my services include logo design and dynamic digital
      presentations as well. on any type of project, i can offer digital
      photography and photo image enhancement services should they be needed.


 





•  
              
customer service, availability and reliability





my clients have come to rely on my availability to them. when they need
      something done, they know they can reach me directly through telephone or
      email and their needs will be taken care of without delay. 

      while there are many people who can create web pages, there are far fewer
      who can do so artistically or with any basic sense of good design combined
      with ease of site navigation, site functionality and search engine
          optimization. providing this is
      the driving force behind every project here at stafford design. as any
      good marketing manager knows, to present one's company image well and make
      that all important first impression is half the battle in winning and
      keeping new business.

      you can review completed projects examples of my work on the 
          portfolio
      	page. visit a few
          links to learn a little bit more about
      	things that interest me. if you would like to get in touch with me, please stop by the
          contact
      page.
 





thank you for visiting my site.  









 








       



      portfolio  | 
links  | 
bio  |  
contact  | 
home


       























      
      copyright ©2000 -  stafford design. all rights reserved.
 
mobile: 503.252.3273




 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

