












gsdba | greater san diego business association | lgbt equality and empowerment





















 



 greater san diego business association – gsdba the greater san diego business association (gsdba) promotes lgbt influence through business ownership, workforce equality, and active consumerism, creating prosperity to support equality, diversity, and inclusion. the association also takes care of all age and social groups by providing lawyer-approved legal pdf forms and templates. aarp pdf forms aarp, known earlier as the american association of retired persons, is a non-profit organization that helps senior people make their life easier and more pleasant with age. today’s world is changing fast, and the older you get, the more difficult it is for you to adapt to these changes. aarp’s mission is to navigate senior people through modern realities and help them enjoy themselves. you can use the following aarp forms to choose a convenient insurance plan or get financial protection.  aarp claim form life aarp indemnity insurance aarp life insurance aarp medical record form aarp medicare supplement  army pdf forms the us department of the army is in charge of organizing and training us military forces and providing them with all the relevant information, training, and benefits. suppose you want to track the progress of your unit. you will need to fill out an army leader’s book form to request the unit’s history, training, and performance history. the forms below will assist you in correctly gathering and filling out all of the required papers.  army accident avoidance course army form risk army leaders book form army oer support da 67 9 1 form army parental consent form army strip map fillable  air force pdf forms the united states takes care of its military forces, and the united states air force (usaf) is no exception. the forms below are designed to fulfill their needs and receive their deserved benefits effectively. however, these forms must be completed correctly considering all the essential information and rules. for example, af form 4380 allows airmen to receive benefits for their family members with special needs. but this document must be submitted in a timely manner to conduct a thorough examination of the issues.  af 1768 form af 1975 pdf form af 4394 form af form 1297 af form 220 af form 4380 af form 4446 af form 594 af form 860a af form 910 af form 931 af form 988 af imt form 2096  automated clearing house (ach) pdf forms the automated clearing house (ach) is an electronic system allowing individuals to work with such transactions as payroll, direct deposit, tax refunds, consumer bills, tax payments, and others. if you need to take debit payments, you’ll need to fill out the ach debit authorization agreement. it will ensure if you want to accept credit card payments online, you will have to complete another document, known as the ach vendor payment form.  ach debit authorization agreement ach payment enrollment form ach vendor payment form  bank of america pdf forms the bank of america is one of the biggest american banks and one of the world’s largest financial organizations. it offers a comprehensive range of banking services and provides several official forms for individuals to manage their finances. you can request a change to automated payment, deposit, or ira beneficiary using our forms. you may also use a transfer form to transfer your funds to another account using the bank of america website.  bank america change order bank of america beneficiary form bank of america form bank of america transfer form  california board of equalization (boe) pdf forms california state board of equalization (boe) governs assessment processes, manages tax, and administers programs to support state and municipal government in property tax, alcoholic beverage tax, and tax on insurers. below, you will find both templates to complete, for example, a seller’s permit application, and instructions to particular forms, like boe form 100 b.  boe 106 form boe 245 oye form boe 345 web boe 392 form boe 400 spa form boe 401 a2 boe 410 d form boe form 100 b boe form 400 spa  amerigroup pdf forms amerigroup is the us’s biggest supplier of health care for public programs. this organization helps older people, individuals with disabilities, and low-income families. it helps get both short and long-term health insurance. you are free to use the following forms to request the amerigroup services, including medical coverage, drug prescriptions, or children’s services.  amerigroup authorization request amerigroup medicaid amerigroup otc list  apartment owners association (aoa) pdf forms apartment owners association (aoa) is a non-profit organization usually responsible for maintaining apartment amenities and enforcing rules. it also organizes activities for the benefit of the residents. such an association is state-specific and should be registered under specific state laws. however, it’s not obligatory to register it. check the aoa forms below to understand the association activity better.  aoa 101 form aoa form 100a aoa rental agreement  alabama state pdf forms alabama residents can find this section quite useful. here, we’ve gathered the essential alabama legal documents—from medicaid referral to child support income form. you may use an mvt 5 63 form to request a copy of a birth certificate or complete a child support sheet to calculate the child support amount. do not hesitate to choose your template and adapt it to your needs.  alabama central registry clearance alabama child support income form alabama child support sheet alabama farmers bulletin alabama first report alabama form 211 alabama form mvt 5 63 alabama high school physical form alabama medicaid referral alabama mvt 20 1  arizona state pdf forms if you live in arizona, the following documents may be of assistance in your professional or private life. a paternity form will help you establish the father of a child, and a new hire reporting form will assist in collecting employees’ information for tax withholdings. as you can see, the forms we’ve collected are different and may come in handy in all life circumstances.  arizona 5000 form arizona annual report arizona board of nursing license arizona new hire reporting form arizona paternity arizona repossession affidavit arizona university application  other state-specific pdf forms every state has its own requirements and regulations. that’s why it’s essential to always consult the state laws when preparing this or that legal form. this especially applies to such documents as marital agreements, divorce papers, and separation contracts. you will also find state release, tax return, and credit application forms here.  1 114 form texas 5 359 form texas 1 d 1 open space agricultural valuation 100 es form 12 209 alaska form 12 995 a form 2016 ca form 568 2016 rev 545 bond release form alabama printable bonded title arkansas blank illinois final waiver of lien blank mississippi resale certificate blank motion form florida access florida fax 735 173 form oregon alaska form 08 4514 arkansas medicaid card articles of amendment georgia cd 110 bin oregon form bill divorce virginia sample  pdf affidavit forms an affidavit is an essential legal instrument proving that a person’s statement is true and correct. affidavits are often used in court as evidence. however, it’s not the only way to apply the document. it’s possible to use an affidavit to give parental consent for minors to marry or express the intent to homeschool the child. since it’s a written statement confirmed by oath,  affidavit denying paternity affidavit homeschool maricopa county affidavit of parental consent form affidavit of repossession minnesota affidavit parental rights form applicant status affidavit  pdf application forms when you want to be considered for a particular job position or get permission to perform something, you must submit an application. we’ve compiled a list of job applications that might help you land a job at bojangles, arkids, or bounceu. if you wish to apply for university enrollment, boy scout unit, or business credit, you may use these forms as well.  21st mortgage credit application 501c3 application 99 cent job application adams application employment alarm permit application amway ibo application form anne arundel application electrical permit apartments rental application  application access ride application altcs application authority application casa verde application data sheet 37 application exemption application fee waiver application for business tax receipt application for driver application for duplicate certificate of title application for hunting permission application for iga form application for night out with boys application for sodexo job application for texas title application for trade name application for transcript application for verizon lifeline service application form funds transfer application insurance license application license carry firearms application raising canes job application standby letter credit application verizon lifeline application writ apply for ahcccs apply for lady bird deed apply to publix ar electrician application arkids application asplundh employment application australia application visa form automobile insurance application barrel vendor application bigfoot java application bmw credit application bmw form application bni application form bogf application form bojangles application printable bounceu application form boy scout new unit application bridges access application broker license application bruster job application building permit application 9400 193   8974 form  pdf authorization forms an authorization gives a person or entity the authority to act in a certain way. if you have a background check authorization form, you are allowed to proceed with the background check of your potential employee or tenant. if you receive a medicare authorization form, you will be able to access another person’s medical records. as you can see, these forms can grant authority to third parties regarding sensitive matters, so they should not be underestimated but prepared accurately.  5dimes authorization form allied authorization authorization direction pay form authorization and direction pay form authorization disclose health authorization form marriott authorization letter authorized permit agent form authorized representative form background check authorization form bank third party authorization form best western card authorization form  pdf reports reports are used to demonstrate the result of something—from accidents to inspections. these documents allow an individual to gather and analyze all the relevant information. suppose you are planning to buy a new home. in this case, you will likely need to perform the property inspection. for this purpose, you are encouraged to use a four-step inspection report to examine the property in-depth and not forget any component.  1099 charles jones reporting form 11 a r form 4 point inspection report accident report form annual credit report form annual report form autopsy report form blank criminal report template butthurt report form  pdf permits permits are legal documents proving that a person or entity can do something. a typical example is obtaining a permit to build or demolish a building. another widely-used form is a firearm permit. the majority of states require individuals to have this document to possess and carry a handgun. other forms include teaching, temporary plates, and authorized agent permits.  30 teaching permit 7 day vehicle permit authorized permit agent form blank building permit broome county pistol permit building permit form  pdf claims you will need to submit a claim form if you plan to receive health or life insurance. you can also take advantage of the following forms if you need to get a reimbursement or prove your bankruptcy. we’ve collected both general claim forms and forms provided by specific companies and organizations. check them out, and you may find something useful for you.  24petwatch claim form ada dental claim form adp fsa claim form afspa claim form air canada baggage claim bankruptcy b10 proof of claim form bellevue medical claim form blue vision claim form boston mutual claim bd 1321 0706 form  pdf checklists to ensure that your plans are fulfilled smoothly, you are recommended to use checklists. they can come in handy almost in all situations, including shopping, homebuying, and bdsm practices. the forms below are customizable and may help you manage your planning effectively—from vehicle repairs or bill payments.  auto repair checklist template bdsm checklist bill payment checklist buyer home checklist  pdf worksheets we’ve separately gathered worksheet templates to list the tasks you need to do or track your progress regarding a specific matter. these documents can be beneficial when an individual needs to plan something, like the birth of a child, or analyze particular information, like the credit limit factors. you will also find a property loss checklist. it’s a convenient and quick way to track and claim the damage to your property, if any.  8863 credit limit worksheet aaa property loss worksheet birth plan worksheet  pdf requests request forms are designed to ask for specific information, services, or help formally. for example, you can request records from the federal government by using a history records request form. employers can use it to get essential information about their potential employees. check other request forms below and customize your documents within minutes.  401k distribution request form amberton university transcript request archived ap request form argosy transcript request argosy university transcript request art institute colorado transcript request art institute of washington transcript request ashworth transcript request form atm request form atrrs change request form authentication request cover letter az ged transcript request form blank history records request bluefield transcript request form bright start withdrawal request 9465 fs form abc legal forms  tax pdf forms both individuals and companies must file taxes. you are required to file an income tax every year. each type of worker must submit their particular irs form; for example, employees must complete form w-2 while self-employed individuals must submit form 1099. you may also need to file a real property tax credit claim or the tax on extra income, such as unemployment compensation or awards.  1088 tax form 10f income tax form acd 31075 tax registration update au 11 tax form 1099 nec  automobile pdf forms most auto forms are prepared and maintained by state departments of motor vehicles (dmv). here, we’ve prepared the forms that are less popular but still essential for car drivers. the following documents will be helpful if you need to prove your creditworthiness to apply for car credit or if your vehicle requires specific repairs.  auto credit personal form auto repair disclaimer auto repair order template  business pdf forms business forms are crucial documents designed for various business transactions and operations. if you plan to start a business, you can take advantage of a business registration form and certificate. a business model canvas template will also come in handy at the beginning of your business journey. if you already have a working business, you are encouraged to use an income worksheet form to calculate and report your net business income or an hours template to organize the hours of operation.  business certificate business credit inquiry request form business debt schedule form business form signature card business hours template business income worksheet business letter format form business license renewal form business model canvas editable business partner number florida business personal rendition business registration albuquerque business registration certificate business registration form business reply template business to employee example  sports pdf forms sports forms are widely used among fitness coaches and managers of sports leagues or camps. they use them to evaluate the players’ performance or track the progress of the game. one of the crucial sports forms is a lineup sheet. it helps a coach or manager order the players who will participate in the game most efficiently. as a rule, the sheet includes such players’ information as name, position, and batting average.  baseball lineup sheets baseball tryout evaluation form baseball tryout form basketball evaluation form basketball player evaluation form basketball scoresheet  biopsychosocial assessment pdf forms biopsychosocial assessment can play an essential role in healing problems that may cause discomfort to a person’s life. it is a test at the start of therapy, which helps determine biological, psychological, and social aspects influencing the person. knowing that will assist in selecting the best approach to the person’s treatment and contribute to their fastest recovery.  biopsychosocial assessment biopsychosocial assessment social work form biopsychosocial template  babysitting pdf forms choosing a babysitter for children is an important decision that should not be rushed. parents are recommended to weigh the pros and cons of every potential candidate and prepare a comprehensive contract. you are free to use the following forms as templates for your babysitting agreement, consent form, and an emergency contact form.  babysitting contract sample babysitting form babysitting form for parents  other pdf forms we have a bunch of other pdf forms that may come in handy both in your everyday life (like a personality test, family tree form, or workout sheet) and for special occasions (like verification of employment form, building security plan, or mantoux form). you will find various addendums, notices, and questionnaires here. do not hesitate to look through the documents and choose a suitable one.  1005 verification of employment form 100th birthday form 104 r form 1048 form 107 r fillable 11 4 meiosis answer key 1100 form 1120 schedule g 1172 2 instructions 13055 form 1583 work search form 175 op form 18 double elimination 1845 0120 2 step mantoux form 2016 tradoc form 201c form 203 form 2055 form 21 527ez form 2106 ez form 2254 form 227 form 26 1817 form 3 star discount state farm 3229 form 3330 43 form 3355 form 3557 llc form 3602 n1 form 3602 r1 form ps 4 point inspection form 403b loan axa hardship 41500 form 445103 form 4490 form 4905 form ftb 4905be form 4b 101 form 5 minute personality test 5 year fire sprinkler inspection form building security plan 51a126 form 5239 14 form 5305a sep form 5508 nar form 668 w c do 8 steps training model 8606 form 8880 form 9 team double elimination bracket 90 day notice to move out 90 day performance review 990n form aa court card aa recovery proof of attendance sheet aaa service reimbursement form aana meeting log sheet aao transfer form aau transcript abc form c 13 abf freight bill of lading abortion paper abstract science fair aca litter registration account closing form accounting glencoe workbook answers acd 1069 form acs income based repayment act 24 pde 6004 form act answer sheet activity parq ad 1026 form ad 2001 fillable add character sheet addendum re compliance addendum to contract addiction severity additional insured vendors address 1199 seiu address book template address nycers adm 399 form adp self service advance vaccine card adversary complaint form adverse action form advocate classifieds form aetna attending physician statement aetna eoi form afcu form 435 affirmative action plan aflac direct deposit online aflac wellness form afrotc form 48 agora enrollment forms packet agreed motion terminate child support agreement personal property aha em 385 form ahnentafel form ahrc 56 r form ai 1 form aia g706a form aia101 form aig beneficiary designation air serv uniform aircraft weight balance form airheads agreement airserv employment form akc foreign dog registration al mli form alarm system form alberta bill sale algebra 1 slope intercept form algebra ax2 factoring allegheny county dog license allodial title allstate critical illness walmart form allstate inventory ally bank ira transfer form ally transfer of equity form alpha energy laboratory alpha kappa undergraduate membership ambetter out patient amc form american contractors indemnity co american legion transfer form american public life form americo form aml program template ancc certification verification ancestor chart andhra bank customer id anesthesia record template angies list review form anne arundel county lease form annexure e sample answer key to student exploration anthem form 151 anthem hcr survey anz telegraphic transfer form ao 88b form aoc e 521 form ap 201 1 form apartment card form apd 5 form apd 5a form aphis form 7001 appfolio manager guide applebees employee policies appraisal document for gemstones appraisal hvcc apprenticeship form aqs 278 form ar 20 form arbonne canada price list arbonne prices uk architectural graphic standard arpc form 83 arrl radiogram ars 372 form art institute transcript articles of dissolution ash mnr form ashford university transcript aspca insurance aspen dental health information release form asq 14 month questionnaire asq 54 month questionnaire assessment chief assumed name certificate atf form 1 atf form 3210 1 audiogram online audition form australian passport renewal form autocad exam questions avon order form aws d11 welder qualification form axa 1035 exchange axa ppp international form axis bank dispute form az chandler alarm b13a form b4 and b4e form bacb fieldwork background check form bail bond form bail bond release paperwork bajaj allianz travel form band seating chart bangladesh passport form bank ira form bankruptcy cover sheet petition baptism certificate online barros job basic college mathematics basic plus practice test questions baskin robbins job form bathroom cleaning log sheet bbs form 37a 644 bbt online bbva compass bank form bc 170a form bcal 3731 form bcbsm subrogation bccedu beaver express bill lading form beckett grading form bed bath and beyond careers form benefeds belated enrollment beneficiary change form beneficiary designation form bennett mechanical test best husband certificate beta sigma phi international scholarship beth moore esther bhcc online bhsf form 1 mpp bigronline com careers bill of lading averitt biological classification model 1 biomedical waste operating plan bir 2305 form bir form 1901 bir form 2305 bishops storehouse order form blackfeet enrollment blank free printable life insurance list blank bell curve template blank bingo cards blank bio sheet blank bpo form blank budget template blank chain of custody form blank check template blank class list blank fire department pre plan form blank form for goodwill donated goods blank mri medical form blank music paper blank pip form blank sbar template blank stock power form blank supervision hours form block style letter blood glucose log blood glucose monitoring blue va form 2346 blank investigation templates blank kids family tree form blank land contract blank military power of attorney form bmcc commitment deposit form bmo deposit form bmo direct deposit form bmv 4808 form bmv 5736 form bmw 318i manual repair board resolution body beast workout sheet book out sheet boston medical center healthnet bracket elimination teams braden scale form brenau financial verification form bridal makeup contract broker fee agreement form broker price opinion form bronx index number bulk certificate of posting form bus repair form bus seating arrangement template buyers guide bsa 680 001 form  business networking gsdba bngs (business networking groups) offer a forum where gsdba members can regularly increase their business through networking and sharing direct leads with other members. they offer a supportive environment that allows each member to share products or services with others who want to help them succeed. conflicts of interest are not allowed, meaning that a business in the same category as yours can not join once you join. each bng follows bng rules that help maintain a cohesive program. we invite you to read them before attending. want to join a business networking group? give us your information by clicking below, and we will contact you within 48 business hours. please note, gsdba membership is required to become part of a bng. notice to bng members: effective january 1st, 2018, gsdba’s business networking groups will be modified from a trimester to a quarter system. quarters will be as follows: jan-march; april-june; july-sept.; oct-dec. click here for the 2018 schedule. bng dues are $100 per year. (a $20 savings from 2017). dues may be paid all at once or in 4 equal installments. new monday group forming in mission valley! a new gsdba bng is beginning to form. they are currently seeking members in several categories. the meeting begins at 6 p.m. and meets every other monday beginning 1/8. if you are interested in finding out more, please email nick pavao of prudential advisors or click the red button above. bng schedule tuesday morning (uptown/hillcrest) panera bread 8:30 am to 9:30 am 3900 vermont street, san diego, ca 92103 list of bng members contact the facilitator   tuesday lunch (uptown/hillcrest) aladdin restaurant 12:00 pm to 1:00 pm 1220 cleveland ave #101, san diego, ca 92103 list of bng members contact facilitator wednesday morning (mission valley) mimi’s cafe 8:15 am to 9:15 am 5180 mission center road, san diego, ca 92108 list of bng members contact facilitator wednesday lunch (downtown) new location! effective january 24th 12:00 pm to 1:00 pm 701 b street, 3rd fl conf. room east take the elevator to the 3rd floor – the room is directly south of the elevators. list of bng members contact the facilitator this group is seeking the following: website design cpa p / c insurance acupuncture social media / graphic design photography attorney (drugs / death / divorce) caterer event planner thursday morning (university heights) lestat’s on park 8:00 am to 9:00 am 4496 park boulevard, san diego, ca 92116 list of bng members thursday lunch (hillcrest) ristorante arrivederci 12 noon – 1 p.m. 3845 4th ave, san diego ca 92103 free validated parking for bng members. list of bng members friday morning (hillcrest) gsdba office, conference room 9 a.m. – 10 a.m. 3737 5th avenue, suite 201, san diego, ca 92103 (above california bank & trust) note to prospective members: if you are interested in visiting a bng, please contact the gsdba office (619-296-4543) at least 24-hours in advance to arrange your visit. sorry, we do not allow non-gsdba members to present information to the group unless first approved by the facilitator. all current bng members must notify the facilitator if they want to bring a guest to their bng. guests and prospective bng members may visit each bng one time prior to joining and must become a gsdba member to attend after that. bng policies  every bng member must also be a general or associate member in good standing within the gsdba. a member in good standing is defined as a) membership dues paid, b) business networking group dues paid, and c) maintaining accurate and current contact information with the organization. arrive for meetings on time. arriving more than (15) minutes late is considered an absence. a gsdba member may participate in only one bng and represent only one specific business category. a bng facilitator may lead a bng so long as the facilitator has the support of the majority of the group. it is recommended that each bng has a vote of confidence at the end of each quarter. if multiple group members are interested in assuming the role of facilitator, then the group shall conduct a vote by secret ballot. the member who receives the highest number of votes will assume the role of facilitator. in 5) each bng member is required to pass a total of (5) tips per quarter, bring (5) guests per quarter or a combination of the two. a bng member cannot be absent for more than (3) meetings per quarter. a leave of absence (loa) may be granted to a member of a bng once within each calendar year. this will hold their seat for one quarter. if the member does not return as an active member of their bng the quarter immediately following their loa, the group may decide to replace that member with an alternative industry professional. all printed materials and/or social media content must have prior approval by the gsdba ceo and/or board of directors. the gsdba must be acknowledged in promoting all bng events outside of regular meetings. bng members must exhibit professional language/demeanor during bng meetings and when conducting business. all other unique situations will be brought to the gsdba board of directors for discussion and resolution.  gsdba buy lgbt consumer guide & business directory the gsdba buy lgbt consumer guide & business directory is search engine optimized, mobile-friendly, and ready to drive traffic to your business. this is a critical component of your overall online marketing strategy and a valuable component of your chamber membership.   why is it important to take advantage of what your listing has to offer? gsdba has developed our website into a true community asset, which in turn will benefit you. the more we are seen, the more you are seen. the more the consumer and other businesses see you.  people are visual by nature. when you pay attention to the details–your customer will pay attention. increase website traffic by guiding people to it and increasing your seo. provide additional value to your membership by taking just a few minutes to show off your brand. create significant member content which improves both visitor experiences and internet search results. drive customers to your website and other social media locations.  business-to-consumer (gsdba website) upload your enhanced profile information onto your gsdba website listing and stand out from the crowd. get better search results and greater visibility for your brand. here are a few benefits:  priority placement in your business category (compared to non-enhanced listings) social media links (facebook, twitter, linkedin, youtube, yelp, and instagram) link to your website 20 search keywords five bullet point highlights with linked text extensive 1600 character description of your services. upload up to 15 photos (logos, headshots, banners) clean and mobile-friendly search engine optimized (seo) be listed in multiple categories (up to 3) add hours of operation driving directions upload youtubetm videos include a googletm map promote hot deals and discounts  as a gsdba member, we encourage you to show your pride by including a digital badge to use on your company’s website or social media. below you will find various sizes of our member business logo, proud member logo in blue (for white backgrounds) or white (for some color backgrounds), or gsdba’s standard logo. they are all web-ready with transparent backgrounds.
