






robert fritz inc. – home of the creative process



















































 



 







					home of the creative process				









home
about us

company
robert & rosalind fritz
instructors


principles
consulting

consulting & executive coaching services
clients


programs

programs home
the living art in mexico
fundamentals of structural thinking (fst)
structural consulting certification program (sccp)


schedule
writings & videos
books & products
contact
cart
menu 












 upcoming creatortools' events
"creating in difficult times" with robert fritz 
feb 8, 2025 
at 1pm, et 
webinar (free)
register here 
as we enter into 2025, many of us all over the world may be experiencing stress and uncertainty, and that can sometimes make it difficult to stay in structural tension and continue to build the life we want. to offer some strategies to help us continue to create through uncertainty, we will be hosting a free webinar on february 8th, with robert fritz, the creator of our flagship course “creating your life."
in this webinar, we’ll be covering how your orientation can affect outcomes, not just in difficult times but in your overall life experience and how we can continue to create and hold structural tension. this webinar is open to everyone! feel free to share this invitation with anyone you feel would be interested. at the end of the webinar, we will be offering a special code to to receive a 15% discount off our creating your life course.


the living art in mexico
march 31 - april 6, 2025 
a profound training in the creative process, the living art is a week-long workshop, where the depth of the creative process takes center stage. from march 31 – april 6, 2025, join us in beautiful san miguel de allende, for an experiential week that goes beyond any traditional workshops. led by robert fritz, rosalind fritz, katharina schütze and ira sakolsky, this workshop will teach you the structural approach to the creative process, one that is fast, clear, and amazing. this learning will have profound impact on all of your life building processes. learn more

fundamentals of structural thinking (fst)
april 24-27, 2025 | online
learn more

fst in japan/japanese:
february 22-24, 2025 | online
may 23-25, 2025 | tokyo
contact: info@robertfritzjapan.com

structural consulting certification program (sccp) - online

structural consulting is a skill that takes time, practice, and training to gain competency. the sccp is designed to develop mastery of structural consulting. prerequisite: fst. led by our certified structural consultants and trainers kira higgs and katharina schütze. learn more

 
the robert fritz structural consulting channelwe present full structural consultations, ones that change people’s lives based on the work on structural dynamics by robert fritz.  the idea behind the channel is for you to witness a completely different understanding of the human condition.  


creating your life
creating your life is three-month video based self-study course with best-selling author, award winning filmmaker, and business consultant robert fritz that helps you incorporate the principles of structural dynamics into your life. this course has evolved over the past 30 years and represents the absolute best way to learn how to create the life you want to live.
each morning you begin your day with a short video lesson between 7 to 20 minutes long, with new lessons unlocking the day after the previous one was completed. these lessons start you off with easily achievable goals, eventually progressing to more complex and longer-term goals over time. the impact is accumulative as you gain more and more energy and creative ability while you progress through the course over the three-month period, and by the end of the course, you should have a complete life plan for the next five years and beyond.
learn more

structural consulting with rosalind fritz
available by phone or in person, rosalind offers a structural consulting session for the individual or couple.   to discuss the possibility of having a session with rosalind, email: seminars@robertfritz.com
 
 


featured books

 identity - print or kindle version

$19.95



 the path of least resistance (kindle edition)

$10.99



 the path of least resistance: learning to become the creative force in your own life - audiobook

$0.00



 creating - audiobook

$0.00



new videos by robert fritz

the art of christine triebert
thinking in structures
the path of least resistance




new podcasts

podcast with john dalton
podcast with kelly robbins of freshtracks




new writings by robert fritz

thinking in pictures
it’s not about having the “right” attitude!
creating your life!


 

 
 
 
 programs 
we offer a range of programs in the creative process and structural dynamics, for individuals as well as for those that work within organizations. we also offer some programs that can be delivered in-house to organizations. schedule of programs 

 

 
 
 
 books & products 
as well as books by robert fritz and others, we are proud to offer a range of products designed to help individuals and organizations learn and master the principles of the creative process. these include videos, audio tapes and consulting tools. online bookshop 

 

 
 
 
 writings 
this section contains a selection of articles on the creative process and structural dynamics by robert fritz as well as videos filmed and edited by robert. writings & videos 

 






return policy
contact us
programs
shop
 

			© 2025 robert fritz inc. | cattail consulting & design		


 
















