







st. marlo country club - duluth, georgia - public golf course





















































                                home              
            




                                golf course              
            







                                course information              
            




                                picture gallery              
            




                                scorecard              
            




                                golf instruction              
            




                                driving range              
            








                                golf menu              
            





a stunning par 72, designed by denis griffiths, who also designed chateau elan and georgia national.


tee times













                                membership              
            







                                member benefits              
            




                                membership menu              
            





for years we have been purely an upscale daily fee club. we now offer true golf memberships.


club benefits













                                weddings & golf events              
            







                                special events              
            




                                tournaments              
            








                                weddings menu              
            





the clubhouse is set upon the highest point in the area and offers majestic panoramic scenes.


special events




tournaments













                                dining              
            







                                dining              
            




                                dining menu              
            





the formal dining room and grille areas are perfect for smaller more intimate functions. 


dining hours




our menu













                                lunch menu              
            








                                contact              
            







                                contact us              
            








                                contact menu              
            





7755 st marlo country club pkwy | duluth, georgia   phone: (770) 495-7725



our location





let us know











 















tee times  (770) 495-7725
book tee timesmember login




















enjoy one of metro atlanta’s best golf courses when you play st marlo country club. this is my favorite.- denis griffiths













 




 




 




 




 




 





 





















reserve tee times

join our e-club








book tee times
member login
















	welcome to st marlo country club	



					voted one of the top 3 “best public golf courses in atlanta”			
enjoy one of metro atlanta's best golf courses when you play st marlo country club. located in duluth, ga just off of mcginnis ferry rd, lies our beautiful 18-hole golf club designed by denis griffiths. enjoy artistic waterfalls, distinctive stone work, and beautiful hardwoods all designed to flow with the natural, rolling terrain of the land. when you enjoy st marlo country club you will experience a fair and exciting challenge on the course as well as the customer service you deserve.
this semi-private golf club offers a tremendous value to its members including a long list of events and dining options as well as great golf tournaments and outings. if you are looking for the right place to host your company outing or charity tournament, our experienced staff will help you plan and coordinate every aspect.
call today to book a tee times at (770) 495-7725.





















book a tee time




benefits of membership




weddings & special events
















find & contact us          7755 st. marlo country club pkwy     |     duluth, ga 30097     |     (770) 495-7725



































homegolf coursemembershipweddings & golf eventsdiningcontact
























© 2023 st marlo country club
designed and hosted by 1-2-1 marketing
 











×



st marlo golf course will becart path only
december 16, 2024 - march 16, 2025 





