university college: indiana university indianapolis





























skip to content
skip to main navigation
skip to search








indiana university indianapolis
indiana university indianapolis
iu indianapolis











menu

academics
exploratory
majors
minors and certificates
courses
transition to degree
pre-professional programs
policies and procedures



student support

advising
advising appointments
four-year plan
parallel planning
registration tips and resources
update your major



career development
major-career connections
self-assessment
career worksheets



specialized support teams
arts, humanities, and human services
enterprise, policy, and planning
health and life sciences
science, technology, engineering, and mathematics


scholarships and aid
star program
jaguar family



student life
student council
honors pathway
field trip fridays
traditions
dean's student advisory board



about
dean's welcome
people directory
events and deadlines
contact






university college


homeacademicsexploratorymajorsminors and certificatescoursestransition to degreepre-professional programspolicies and proceduresstudent supportadvisingcareer developmentspecialized support teamsscholarships and aidstar programjaguar familystudent lifestudent councilhonors pathwayfield trip fridaystraditionsdean's student advisory boardaboutdean's welcomepeople directoryevents and deadlinescontact

start in university college, succeed everywhere.nearly halfof all iu indy students start in university college20+advisors and career consultants dedicated to your success3,000+students who call university college their academic homea quality education, robust supportexplore majorswe support nearly 100 majors. discover the options available to you, or learn what career opportunities you can to expect from your intended major.search majors and careersconsider the exploratory programnot sure what to study? or, do you have so many interests to that it's tough to commit to a major? stay on track for graduation while keeping your options open.get startedadvisingyour student success advisor is your go-to person while in college. they'll help you plan your path to achieving your academic and personal goals.connect with an advisor
your career development starts nowyour career journey doesn't start after graduation. it begins now—which is why we offer you so much career support from day one.understand yourselfuse self-assessments to understand how your values, interests, personality, and skills can unlock a breadth of career opportunities where you will thrive.meet with a career consultanttalk one-on-one with one of our consultants who can help you understand your options and connect majors and careers.gain experiencewhether it's leading a student organization, landing your first internship, or volunteering in the community, you'll start gathering many career experiences while a student.launch your careermake the most of your college experienceuniversity college student councilhave a say in what happens and connect with other university college students.transition to degreeyou'll start in university college and eventually transition to your degree-granting school. learn what that means.field trip fridaystake a trip off campus to visit employers and see what it's like to work for various organizations.dedicated supportfrom our specialized support teams to financial aid opportunities, access a wealth of resources.upcoming events and deadlinesfrom university college traditions to field trip fridays, you'll never have a shortage of opportunities to meet other students and connect with the campus community. view upcoming events, workshops, advising hours, and academic deadlines for university college students.


nominate a student success advisor or career consultant for the outstanding service to students award today!

saturday, february 15, 2025all day

    want to recognize a student success advisor or career consultant for their work? submit a nomination!
    


nominate a student success advisor or career consultant for the outstanding service to students award today!

sunday, february 16, 2025all day

    want to recognize a student success advisor or career consultant for their work? submit a nomination!
    


12-week session – last day for 100% refund

sunday, february 16, 2025all day

    last day for 100% refund and no course/grade recorded on the transcript for dropped classes. learn more about refund deadlines.


  for more details about the academic calendar, please see the officia...read more



12-week session – withdrawal with automatic w begins

monday, february 17, 2025all day

    withdrawal with an automatic grade of w begins. advisor signature is required - ucol students must meet with an advisor to request to withdraw from a course. continues through friday, march 28 for 12-...read more



1st eight-week session – withdrawal with grade of w or f begins

monday, february 17, 2025all day

    beginning this date, all withdrawal requests will be approved only in serious, extenuating circumstances with documentation. advisor, instructor, and dean approval required. continues through wednesda...read more

 
					view all events				 
                                                                                                                                       
                                                                iu indianapolis
                                    university college
                                        taylor hall, suite 3099                                        815 w michigan stindianapolis, in 46202hoursmonday: 8 a.m.–5 p.m.tuesday: 8 a.m.–5 p.m.wednesday: 8 a.m.–5 p.m.thursday: 8 a.m.–5 p.m.friday: 8 a.m.–5 p.m.saturday: closedsunday: closed+1-317-278-3485
                            uc@iu.edu



university college social media channels


instagram
linkedin
vimeo
flickr








additional links and resources






connect

people directory
events and deadlines
contact us





information for

exploratory students
pre-major students
parents and family
university college employees





explore

majors
advising
career support
policies















accessibility | college scorecard | privacy notice

 | 
copyright © 2025 the trustees of 
indiana university














