







aquafor beech limited

















































0








        skip to content
      



























        services
      



        contact us
      
















open menu
close menu




























        services
      



        contact us
      
















open menu
close menu
























                  services
                





                  contact us
                

























engineering & environmental consultants



providing technical solutions grounded in sustainability.














our missionwe strive to implement innovative, cost-effective and environmentally sound solutions for clients.














who we arefounded in 1990, aquafor beech is a canadian company that provides engineering and environmental services to public and private sector clients.  since its inception, aquafor has applied a multi-disciplinary, adaptive management approach that has placed us at the leading front of our industry. our firm's principal focus is on watershed planning, environmental restoration, fluvial geomorphology, stormwater management (including low impact development), aquatic and terrestrial ecology, environmental assessment and permitting, water resources engineering, and municipal infrastructure design. 














highlighted projects














saigon park - stormwater management & public space



aquafor undertook the design of saigon park with the goal of creating a public space while simultaneously reducing downstream flooding and improving water quality. the design consisted of a lake-wetland complex that was integrated with trails, lookout points, fitness stations, a terraced seating area, and a public art installation. the park ultimately stood out as a model for green stormwater infrastructure and was nominated for the uli americas awards for excellence.






















































































































































applewood creek at lakeview golf course



aquafor provided natural channel design services for applewood creek through lakeview golf course. the project included 1.1 km of channel naturalization, new bridges and irrigation, and the re-design of 5 golf course holes, including the signature 17th.






















































































































































east don river multi-use trail



aquafor completed the showcase ea & design for trca & city of toronto.  the project included a 6 km trail through the pristine don river valley, including 10 bridge crossings over the don river, two tunnels and two providing railway grade separation, and channel stabilization to ensure longevity of the trail.  ecological constraints and highlights such as the presence of environmentally significant areas were integrated into the design to highlight the natural beauty of toronto’s don valley.






















































































































































upper highland creek pan-am trail connection



aquafor undertook the detailed design of the pan-am multi-use pathway within morningside park, providing a key linkage within the city of toronto’s transportation network. the project included design of 3 bridges spanning the meander belt, connection nodes and resting areas, and extensive environmental permitting to support construction of the trail.













































































































































toronto basement flooding mitigation



aquafor was retained by the city of toronto to undertake basement flooding mitigation studies and construction supervision in a number of areas throughout the city. the studies involved cctv sewer inspections, exfiltration tests, smoke testing, dye testing, and sewer network modelling using infoworks. based on the results of the assessments, improvements to the sewer network designed and subsequently implemented to mitigate flooding risk. 






























































































































































homeservicescontact us



eastern region office



1505 laperriere ave.suite 315ottawa, on  k1z 7t1



follow us

















       guelph office



mississauga office



       55 regal rd.       unit 3       guelph, on  n1k 1b6       fax: (519) 224-3750



2600 skymark ave.bldg. 6, suite 202mississauga, on  l4w 5b2fax: (905) 629-0089



© 2025 aquafor beech limited











