












lifebreath | home
































































  

































find a wholesaler

find a contractor





en


us


fr


















products

residential

ervs
hrvs
hepa air cleaning


commercial

ervs
hrvs


accessories & parts

accessories
controls & timers
easyair grilles & fittings
replacement parts


retired products


lifebreath academy
resources

faq
resource library
videos
blog


projects
about us

brands
careers
warranty information


contact us





















 













breathe easier

keep your air fresh while conserving energy

explore our lineup







featured product

max xtr
designed for reliability and ease of maintenance, the lifebreath max xtr erv comes equipped with auto balance for easy installation and ensures a constant supply of fresh air, creating a healthier and more comfortable living environment while promoting energy savings.

view details











your home was built to be energy-efficient

lifebreath helps it stay that way
lifebreath hrvs gives you fresher, cleaner air without adding load to your heating and air conditioning. in winter, the hrv’s patented aluminum core transfers heat from outgoing, stale air to incoming fresh air so that it doesn’t need to be fully reheated. in summer, the hrv works in reverse, removing heat from incoming air, helping your home stay cool.

about lifebreath






residential indoor air quality products






commercial indoor air quality systems






accessories & parts













lifebreath academy

training & education for contractors
education and training of industry partners have been an essential part of lifebreath’s support. get the latest information and training on application, installation, service, troubleshooting and sales of lifebreath products.

learn more









homeowners
a lifebreath certified contractor will help you select the right unit for your home or business, and install it professionally.

find a contractor





contractors
our wholesalers are an instrumental part of our commitment to providing the best indoor air quality to our customers.

find a wholesaler



 














 contact us

brands

careers

warranty registration form

request a manual







followfollowfollowfollow

© 2025 airia brands inc. all rights reserved. airia brands inc. reserves the right to make changes to the content on this site at any time and without notice.

privacy policy  











en


us


fr











© 2025 airia brands inc. all rights reserved. airia brands inc. reserves the right to make changes to the content on this site at any time and without notice.

privacy policy  



followfollowfollowfollow



 




 






our website uses cookies to provide you the best experience. however, by continuing to use our website, you agree to our use of cookies.
notre site web utilise des cookies pour vous offrir la meilleure expérience. cependant, en continuant à utiliser notre site web, vous acceptez notre utilisation des cookies.



						accept / accepter					






































										click outside to hide the comparison bar                                    



 





									compare                                



























































 



