


chiropractor amesbury, newburyport and salisbury ma


















49




skip to content
book an appointmentemail usoffice hoursoffice hours   morning afternoon  m 9:00  - 12:00  3:00  - 6:00   t 9:00  - 12:00  3:00  - 6:00   w 9:00  - 12:00  3:00  - 6:00   t 9:00  - 12:00  -------  call (978) 388-2170  facebook social buttontwitter social buttongoogle social buttonyelp social buttonyoutube social buttonlinkedin social buttoncall now (978) 388-2170


menuhomeabout us
meet dr. paul fowler
techniques
new patients

faq
online forms
virtual office tour
we can help


patient reviews
contact us


fowler chiropractic office



"my promise to you is that if you have a problem chiropractic can help with, i will tell you. if you could be better served somewhere else, i will tell you that too.” - dr. paul fowler


experience true health at fowler chiropractic office
at fowler chiropractic office, your health is our primary concern.

meet dr. fowler
chiropractic care
new patients
contact us









amesbury chiropractor puts your family first
amesbury chiropractor dr. paul fowler is a second-generation family chiropractor in the newburyport and salisbury area. at fowler chiropractic office we’re here to help you and your family feel incredible!
“my promise to you is that if you have a problem chiropractic can help with, i’ll tell you. if you could be better served somewhere else, i’ll tell you that too. why? because we’ll always put your needs first,” explains dr. paul fowler.
“we love helping families grow healthy and strong together.”
your health is our primary concern. from newborns to seniors, we’re passionate about empowering you and your loved ones to feel your best so you can get well and stay well.












experience the healing power of chiropractic
at fowler chiropractic office, we'd love to help you overcome problems that may have persisted for years. in our quest to help you heal, we're continually
learning and utilizing the newest, most technologically advanced techniques. we'll create a care plan designed especially for you.
our amesbury chiropractor is dedicated to helping you discover your best health, whether you're in need of pain relief or your seeking wellness care.
call today for your no-obligation appointment and find out how we can help you live a healthy life. (978) 388-2170




testimonials
thanks! i look forward to future visits!- anthony s.very professional and after my first adjustment my pain is minimized considerably. can sit without any pain, that hasn't happened in weeks.-jill d.dr paul was so professional and helpful i have nothing but respect for him- kevin l.you have a very well run office. professional, courteous, thorough, and friendly.-paul g.dr. fowler and his staff were beyond exceptional warm and welcoming explained things carefully and made me feel as though my issues will be resolved- craig f.dr. fowler was very friendly and professional!- kevin c.thank you for helping me.- melissa p.this office is the best. their staff is super. highly recommend.- ann s.so happy to have found you!- darcy j.very responsive, timely, cares about meeting your needs. great work!- nicholas c.i will recommend this practice to all. the staff was very friendly, helpful, and patient with this senior patient. dr. fowler put me at ease right away and answered any questions i had. - nancy l.great experience. very friendly and professional staff that were attentive to my care. dr. fowler explained in detail what he was going to do and his rationale for doing it. i would recommend dr. paul fowler's practice for chiropractic care!- melissa r.i had a five star first, phone call, eval, and treatment with dr fowler's office. and they all continue to impress me. if you need a chiropractor, look no further! these folks are the best!! - barbara d.thank you so much for all the help! i feel better already! dr. fowler and the staff are all very knowledgeable and enthusiastic! what a great office! i'll definitely be back!-sam r.i couldn't be happier with the help i'm receiving!!- shane b.love coming in! staff is so friendly and greets me by name. dr.fowler is intelligent and caring. i am already feeling a difference and hope to have continued progress.-jacki m.i am very confident and happy to know that my health issues can be corrected quickly.-christine l.this was my first experience visiting a chiropractor and i did not know what to expect and i immediately felt at ease. i would highly recommend them!-peter r.great experience – i felt better the day after treatment! the doctor explained everything and showed me what problem areas need attention.- kevin a.dr fowler rules.. known him for a long time. he knows my problems and it would be a miracle if i never have pain but he can do it.- michael c.



your health starts here! 
phone: (978) 388-2170
contact us

insurances and payments we accept
dr. fowler is a preferred provider with aetna, blue cross blue shield, boston medical center, gic/unicare, harvard pilgrim, masshealth, medicare, tuft's, united health care, and umr. we also accept cash paying patients and have affordable payment plans available.




office hours   morning afternoon  monday 9:00  - 12:00  3:00  - 6:00   tuesday 9:00  - 12:00  3:00  - 6:00   wednesday 9:00  - 12:00  3:00  - 6:00   thursday 9:00  - 12:00  -------  call (978) 388-2170  chiropractor amesbury, newburyport and salisbury ma



email fowler chiropractic office




comments, requests, questions, or suggestions



first name
last name




respond to me via:



email





phone





no response





email address
phone number




i agree to refrain from including any personally identifiable information or protected health information in the comment field. for more info, read disclaimer.
please keep in mind that communications via email over the internet are not secure. although it is unlikely, there is a possibility that information you include in an email can be intercepted and read by other parties or unauthorized individuals. please do not include personal identifying information such as your birth date, or personal medical information in any emails you send to us. communication via our website cannot replace the relationship you have with a physician or another healthcare practitioner.





i consent to having this website store my submitted information so they can respond to my inquiry. for more info, read our privacy policy.


leave this empty:
send message







request appointment (pending confirmation)





patient type



new patient





current patient





returning patient






first name
last name



email address
phone number



respond to me via:



email





phone





preferred day/time:


date


appointment hour

h
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12



appointment minute

m
00
15
30
45




am or pm



am





pm







comments or questions




i agree to refrain from including any personally identifiable information or protected health information in the comment field. for more info, read disclaimer.
please keep in mind that communications via email over the internet are not secure. although it is unlikely, there is a possibility that information you include in an email can be intercepted and read by other parties or unauthorized individuals. please do not include personal identifying information such as your birth date, or personal medical information in any emails you send to us. communication via our website cannot replace the relationship you have with a physician or another healthcare practitioner.





i consent to having this website store my submitted information so they can respond to my inquiry. for more info, read our privacy policy.


leave this empty:

send message








share on twittershare on facebookshare via emailemail usfowler chiropractic office
30 merrill st.amesbury, ma 01913
		phone: (978) 388-2170copyrightlegalprivacyaccessibilitysitemap


chiropractic websites by perfect patients








