



martinsville henry county chamber of commerce | martinsville, virginia











































 












 







 








welcome to the martinsville-henry county chamber of commerce
the martinsville henry county chamber of commerce is a membership organization comprised of businesses 
	serving our community. with over 800 members, the chamber acts a voice for businesses in the region 
	while also providing opportunities for networking, collaboration, and increased community exposure.
the martinsville-henry county chamber of commerce was founded in 1959 and has been actively involved in 
	all facets of our business community ever since. our programs are designed to encourage a strong local economy 
	by creating an environment where businesses thrive and community and commerce work together for the future 
	of martinsville-henry county. learn more by exploring our website!






upcoming events

 




fast track 2025
fast track 2025 will be returning march 4 and 5! register now to secure your space!
more info...






now hiring - marketing associate
we're growing!  consider joining our team as the marketing associate, to support the chamber of commerce’s efforts to promote member businesses, community initiatives, and organizational events. working closely with a small, dynamic team, the marketing associate will assist in implementing marketing campaigns, managing digital platforms, and coordinating promotional efforts that strengthen tstrengthen the chamber’s presence and the visibility of chamber members, while increasing the chamber's impact in the community. this position is temporary and part-time with funding available through june 30, 2025.
more info...






now hiring - deputy director 
join our team! we are seeking a qualified candidate for the position of deputy director! 
more info...






wisechoice healthcare alliance 
the wisechoice healthcare alliance, led by the virginia chamber of commerce, is a diverse, growing coalition of statewide businesses and organizations supporting benefits consortiums.
formed from a 30-year partnership between the virginia chamber of commerce and anthem blue cross and blue shield in virginia, the wisechoice healthcare alliance is designed to help drive healthcare engagement and literacy that will lead to improved long-term health and lower healthcare costs.
why are benefits consortiums important?
benefits consortiums expand access and lower the cost of coverage for small businesses. five pillars underpin benefits consortiums...click the link below to continue and for more information regarding the wisechoice healthcare alliance.
https://wisechoicehealthcare.com/about/
 
 









"we have found our local chamber of commerce supportive.  from connecting us to local management associations to providing assistance in marketing and advertising, our chamber works for us!"
~  dr. jon's urgent care






pay online




chamber champion






become a chamber champion





discover mhc magazine






career opportunities










community calendar












 














chamber




procurement portal
join online
membership benefits
member discounts
chamber champions
member directory
chamber staff / board
annual report
education foundation
c-peg
business services


legislative agenda
map to chamber
contact us






community




startup & grow mhc
doing business in martinsville
community calendar
career opportunities
social security resources
business licensing & permitting
economic development
local government
business development
commercial properties
online rental guide


real estate
education
sports & recreation
health care
regional road map
discover mhc magazine
asd






visitors / newcomers




history
genealogy
where to stay
where to eat
events & happenings
area attractions
outdoor activities
indoor activities
sports & recreation
auto racing
how to get here


contact us









join us on facebook:  



a proud member of:



















(276) 632-6401
fax (276) 632-5059
mhccoc@mhcchamber.com


martinsville henry county chamber of commerce
115 broad street  -  p.o. box 709
martinsville, va 24112


web design + programming by chatmoss web systems
member login








