






chris haines : baja offroad tours | motorcycle adventure company

















































home
about

about us
clients
testimonials


baja tours

4-day baja tours
5-day baja tours
7-day baja tours
about baja
gear bag checklist


you race baja
press
media

sponsors
photo gallery
videos


apparel
faq
contact
 





select page


  
 



 



 













learn more








learn more








learn more












learn more








learn more








learn more










expertly crafted routes that showcase the most stunning scenery, from majestic mountains to picturesque coastlines. top-of-the-line honda and ktm motorcycles maintained to the highest standards. experienced guides who will lead you to hidden gems and share their knowledge of the area’s rich history and culture. fabulous accommodations in handpicked lodges providing a well-deserved rest after a day of adventure. delicious meals featuring local cuisine, ensuring an authentic and mouthwatering culinary experience. an opportunity to bond with fellow riders who share your passion for exploration and discovery. all-inclusive; hotels, motorcycles, food, and guides included.
whether you are a seasoned rider or trail rider looking to embrace the thrill of two wheels, our tours cater to all skill levels. we provide comprehensive support throughout the journey, so you can focus on the road and create lasting memories.
don’t miss this chance to experience the magic of baja mexico, our motorcycle adventure at this discounted price. book your spot now and secure your place on an unforgettable journey!
 
 







chris haines and the chris haines motorcycle adventure company featured in score journal digital magazine
lake elsinore, ca- ama hall of fame inductee chris haines was featured in the july 2019 issue of score journal magazine, the official publication of score international off-road racing. the digital publication focused on haines’ history that started in the motocross industry and ended up in desert off-road racing, culminating with haines’ motorcycle adventure company that specializes in baja tours and introducing people into the sport of baja motorcycle racing…

read more





































join the hundreds of people and celebrities that have chose a chris haines adventure for 4, 5, and 7 day offroad tours in baja!
chris haines motorcycle adventure company offers 4, 5, and 7 day motorcycle tours in baja, mexico. with the exception of airfare and alcohol, our trips are all inclusive; bikes, hotels, food, guides, support vehicles, support staff, and fuel are all part of the package. we even provide full rental riding gear for those who may need it. take a look at the tour packages above for details and schedules and be sure to contact us to book your own experience of a lifetime!













followfollow





book your adventure (951) 245-4510

book your adventure(951) 245-4510



 











facebook


 






































