

  






































































doma export





























			moving air packages into poland has become challenging, and we continue to monitor the situation.
			

			currently, we are still providing air and ocean  service***, and we now offer a faster and more reliable pl super express option to poland.
			

			we will continue to monitor the impact of covid-19 on international shipping and will keep you informed as things change. please check back often.
			

			update april 2020
			***please be prepared for possibility of minor delays in the air service .
			

			due to closed borders delivery to areas of below countries is suspended till further notice * :
			

			bulgaria
			czech republic
			france (paris area)
			portugal
			spain
			

			*parcels are safely stored in our warehouse till borders are open.
			

			update :
			austria – all stored parcels were released and soon will be delivered.
			italy –  all stored parcels were released and soon will be delivered.
			
thank you

×


4/7 - service alert: coronavirus (covid-19)▿







toggle navigation









home
our services
locations
tracking
faq
contact us




english
polski
















×
terms and conditions of service

1.	definitions:  in these terms and conditions of service, “doma” means doma export company, llc.  “cartage” means the portion of surface carriage occurring before or after the transport of a shipment aboard an aircraft.  “convention” means the convention for the unification of certain rules relating to international carriage by air, signed in warsaw on october 12, 1929, as amended. by the hague protocol in 1955, the montreal protocol 1, 2 or 4 or the convention for the unification of certain rules for international carriage by air, done at montreal in 1999, whichever may be applicable to the international carriage of a shipment. “merchant” means the shipper, a party from whom the shipment is received, the party who requested the shipment be transported by doma, the party receiving delivery of the shipment, any party having an interest in the shipment, and any party acting as an agent for any of the foregoing.  “shipment” means all pieces which are tendered to and are accepted by doma for transportation, whether as agent of merchant or on a single air waybill or bill of lading between origin and destination points specified by merchant.
2.	agreement to terms:
			a.	in tendering a shipment for carriage, merchant agrees that these terms and conditions of service constitute a binding contract, and further agrees that no agent, servant or employee of the parties may alter, modify or waive them except as set forth herein.  merchant understands and agrees that carriage may be subject to the convention or other compulsory law.  in the event any shipment is tendered to doma on a straight bill of lading or any other shipping document, merchant agrees that these terms and conditions of service supersede any rules, regulations or contractual terms contained on the shipping document(s) upon which the shipment was tendered.  doma, in the event it issues a waybill or bill of lading, such waybill or bill of lading shall be a non-negotiable document and all doma’s services are rendered per these terms and conditions of service only, as they may be amended from time to time at doma’s discretion, unless superseded by the convention or other compulsory law.  these terms and conditions are maintained and published at www.domaexport.com and are otherwise available on request.
b.	any exclusion or limitation of liability or other provision benefiting doma shall apply to and be for the benefit of doma’s agents, servants, subcontractors and representatives and any person providing services covered by this contract of carriage.  any such limitation of liability shall be a single, aggregate limitation, and satisfaction of such limitation by any one or more of the foregoing shall act as a satisfaction of such limitation by all of them. it shall also result in a full assignment and release of claims by each merchant. without prejudice to the foregoing, no benefits hereunder extend to any such persons with respect to any claim brought against them by doma. shipper warrants that no claim shall be made against any servant, agent or other person (including any independent contractor) whose services have been used in order to perform the contract of carriage without the prior written consent of doma.
c.	under these terms and conditions, doma may utilize different modes of transportation to assist merchant.  doma operates as a domestic and international air freight forwarder, providing air services as a transportation security administration (tsa) licensed indirect air carrier.  doma is also licensed by the federal maritime commission to provide ocean transportation services.  ocean transportation services are not covered by these terms and conditions of service, but are instead subject to doma’s filed ocean services tariff in effect at the time of shipment.
d.	doma may act as a principal or as the agent of the merchant.  doma acts as an agent except where: (1) it issues a transport document such as an air waybill or bill of lading evidencing its obligation to deliver goods; or (2) doma’s direct employees are physically handling a shipment. when acting as an agent, doma acts solely on behalf of the merchant in engaging the services of third parties on the usual terms and conditions on which the third parties offer services for the carriage, storage, packing, consolidation or handling of any goods, or for any other service in relation to them, thereby establishing a direct contract between the merchant and the provider capable of being enforced by the merchant as principal, whether or not the merchant is identified in such contract. the merchant acknowledges that it shall be bound by the terms and conditions of the transportation agreements of the third parties into whose custody a shipment may be entrusted.
3.	merchant’s obligations:
			a.	the merchant shall comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of any government or government agency applicable to the shipment including those relating to: (i) the packing, carriage, sealing, identification or delivery of the goods or, (ii) any aviation or other general freight transport security requirements which must or ought to be complied with by the shipper.
b.	the merchant shall furnish complete and accurate information and provide to doma such documents as may be necessary to comply with such laws, rules and regulations and enable doma to fully complete the contract of carriage. doma is not liable to the merchant or any other person for loss or expense due to the shipper’s failure to comply with this provision.
c.	the merchant warrants that: (i) it is either the owner of the goods or the authorized agent of the owner of the goods and further warrants that it is authorized to accept and is accepting these terms and conditions of service not only for himself but also as agent for and on behalf of the owner of the goods and all other persons who are or may hereafter become interested in the goods; (ii) the description and particulars of any goods furnished by or on behalf of the merchant are complete, timely and accurate, and do not contain any irregularities; (iii) all goods are in good order and condition, have been properly and sufficiently prepared, packed, stowed, labeled, sealed, identified and/or marked to ensure safe transportation with ordinary care handling, and that the preparation, packing, stowage, labeling and marking are appropriate to any operations or transactions affecting the goods and characteristics of the goods; (iv) the goods do not comprise or contain any explosive, incendiary or other device, substance or weapon which may endanger life or the safety of any airplane, vehicle or other transport conveyance to be used in connection with the carriage of the goods or which may cause or may be likely to cause loss, damage, injury to or death of any person or property; (v) the goods do not comprise or contain any dangerous or hazardous materials within the meaning of the hazardous material regulations of the u.s. department of transportation, the iata dangerous goods regulations, perishable cargo regulations, or temperature control regulations each as revised from time to time (collectively the “dangerous goods regulations”) and the merchant will not tender such goods to doma; and (vi) the goods will comply with all laws applicable to their transit in either the country of origin, any countries over or through which the goods will transfer, or the destination country.
d.	any shipment in which delivery is made in exchange for a clear delivery receipt shall be prima facie evidence of having received ordinary care in handling.  notations on delivery documents such as “subject to inspection” and/or “subject to recount,” or similar, are not valid exceptions.
e.   in the event of refusal of delivery, doma may return the goods or redeliver the goods to an alternate location, at its option.  merchant shall remain liable for all costs, fees, duties, taxes and customs clearance fees assessed with respect of the goods in such circumstance.
4.	rates; re-weigh/re-measurement: rates and charges for a shipment will be based on actual or dimensional weight, whichever is greater.  dimensional weight criteria may differ depending on how a shipment is transported.  merchant shall provide weight and measurements for shipments; however, shipments are subject to re-weigh and re-measurement by doma and/or carriers engaged to transport a shipment.  if the weights or measurements of the shipment as delivered are different from merchant’s representations, or if pick-up or delivery time or location is changed by merchant, doma’s rates, charges and fees are subject to change at doma’s discretion.
5.	limitation on liability:  doma shall be liable for any cargo loss, damage or delay for any services only to the extent caused by its negligence or willful misconduct, and, unless subject to any compulsory law or regulation, then subject to the following limits:
			a.	air and combined air/ground service:  for all u.s. domestic shipments, including shipments to or from puerto rico and/or u.s. territories, where doma issues an air waybill, doma’s liability for any loss or damage to a shipment is limited to the lesser of: 1) merchant’s actual damages; or 2) fifty u.s. dollars ($50.00) per shipment; or 3) fifty u.s. cents ($0.50) per pound per item affected, but shall not exceed the shipment’s repair cost, depreciated value or replacement cost.  doma’s liability will in no event exceed the actual invoice value of the specific goods adversely affected.  merchant may increase doma’s liability for damage by declaring an “excess” value on a shipment as set forth herein.
b.	 international air service:  where doma issues an air waybill for an international air shipment, all of the following  terms shall govern:  1) all rules relating to liability as established by the convention shall apply; 2) except as otherwise provided herein, and as to carriage to which the convention does not apply, doma’s liability shall not exceed that set forth in part (a), above, to the extent not repugnant to compulsory law; and 3) merchant accepts doma’s air waybill as merchant’s letter of instruction with authorization to prepare and sign on merchant’s behalf international shipping documents.  doma reserves the right to act solely as agent of the air carrier, instead of as a forwarder/principal, in which event merchant agrees to be bound by the nominated air carrier’s tariff and/or terms and conditions applicable to such shipment.  if doma arranges cartage services incidental to an international air shipment, unless governed by any compulsory law, doma’s liability for cargo loss, damage or delay proven to have occurred during such cartage shall be as set forth in subparagraph (a), above.  declared values will be subject to an excess value charge as set forth herein.
c.	all-ground international service: for services between non-u.s. points, or between the u.s. and canada or mexico, where doma has issued a bill of lading, and unless superseded by compulsory law, doma’s liability shall be as set forth in section (a), above.
d.	other services:  doma’s liability for any services not otherwise defined in these terms and conditions of service, including, but not limited to, where doma is acting as agent of merchant and has not issued an air waybill, shall be a maximum of one hundred dollars $100.00.
6.	declaring higher excess value:  where doma issues an air waybill, doma’s customary and standard rates for carriage are “release rates” subject to the limitations of liability set forth in section 5.  if you do not declare excess value on a shipment, you are agreeing to those limits of liability.  merchant may opt to increase doma’s liability (but subject to section 5) by declaring in writing at least 24 hours in advance of tender an excess value on the air waybill or bill of lading, up to a maximum of $10,000.00 without pre-approval by doma.  the charge for declared value coverage is $3.00 per $100.00 in value.    please contact doma for further information or if you have any questions about how liability is allocated in our business.  you may declare a value in excess of $10,000.00 only when pre-approved in writing by doma.
7.	liabilities not assumed:  doma shall not be liable for any loss, damage, non-delivery or delay caused by the act, default or omission of merchant or the consignee, the nature of the shipment or any defect, characteristic, or inherent vice thereof, any act of god, perils of the air, public enemies, public authorities acting with actual or apparent authority of law, acts or omissions of customs or quarantine officials, riots, strikes, civil commotions, hazards incident to a state of war, terrorism, weather conditions, delay of aircraft or other vehicles used in providing transportation services or acts or omissions of any carrier or any other entity or person to whom a shipment is tendered by doma (where doma shall be deemed as acting as merchant’s agent) for transportation beyond that provided for and agreed to by doma in the doma air waybill, regardless of whether merchant requested or had knowledge of such third party delivery arrangement.  doma shall not be liable in any event for any special, exemplary, punitive, incidental, or consequential damages, including but not limited to loss of profit, income, interest, utility, or loss of market, whether or not doma had knowledge that such damage might be incurred.
8.	claims procedures:  all claims against doma must be timely made in writing, sufficiently describing the factual details of the claim and including a bona fide replacement cost estimate.    no claim will be processed by doma until all transportation charges have been paid in full.  in the event of a claim the shipment, its container(s) and its packing material must be made available to doma for reasonable inspection at the delivery location.  under no circumstances will doma be liable for loss and/or damage to external shipping containers of any kind.  written notice as required herein must be sent to:  doma export company, llc, 600 markley st, port reading, nj 07064, usa.
			a.	time for filing: written notice of claim must be received by doma within: (i) 14 days from the date of delivery; (ii) 21 days from the original expected date of delivery in the case of delay; and (iii) 120 days in the case of non-delivery of the shipment, calculated from the date the shipment was accepted by doma.
b.	exception for concealed damage claims: “concealed damage” means damage and/or loss discovered by the consignee after delivery when no notification of loss or damage has been made on the delivery receipt by the consignee upon actual receipt of the shipment.  if claims for concealed damage are not timely made, a presumption shall exist that such damage occurred subsequent to delivery, and the claim will be declined.  all claims for concealed damage must be reported to doma in writing within 48 hours of the time of delivery and a written claim must be made within 14 days of the time of delivery.
c.	limitations on actions:  unless subject to a specific statute or international convention, doma will not be liable in any action brought to enforce a claim unless the above claims procedures have been complied with and unless such action is brought within 1 year after the date written notice is given to the claimant that doma has disallowed the claim in whole or in part.  the failure to give doma timely notice of a claim in accordance with these terms and conditions of service shall be a complete defense to any action commenced by merchant.
9.	services not guaranteed:  unless agreed to in writing in advance of a shipment, doma undertakes to complete carriage with reasonable dispatch and does not guarantee pick up, transportation or delivery by a stipulated date or a stipulated time, nor shall doma be liable for the consequences of failure to do so.
10.	ancillary service providers:  doma, as agent for merchant, shall use reasonable care in its selection of third parties that provide ancillary services to the transportation of a shipment, such as packing, packaging or crating (or uncrating).  advice by doma that a particular person or firm selected to render ancillary services shall not be construed to mean that doma warrants or represents that such person or firm will render such services nor does doma assume responsibility or liability for any actions(s) of such third parties and/or its agents.
11.	recordkeeping:  merchant acknowledges that it has the sole responsibility for maintaining records required of it by law and doma has no obligations or liability related thereto.  doma shall only be required to keep those records required of it by applicable law or regulation.
12.	insurance:  doma is not an insurer of any shipment and is under no obligation to procure insurance on merchant’s behalf.  merchant is urged to procure adequate insurance coverage of its goods in transit.
13.	quotations not binding:  quotations as to fees, rates of duty, freight charges or other charges given by doma to the merchant are for informational purposes only and are subject to change without notice.  no quotation shall be binding upon doma unless an authorized representative of doma in writing agrees to undertake the handling or transportation of the shipment at a specific rate or service level and payment arrangements are agreed to between doma and the merchant prior to tender of the shipment to doma.
14.	indemnification/hold harmless:  the merchant shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless doma from and against, and shall pay and reimburse doma for any and all direct and indirect liabilities, claims, losses, expenses, costs (including attorney fees) or damages (for purposes of this provision, “claims”)   incurred or occasioned by (i) a breach by the merchant of any of the warranties contained herein; (ii) the failure of the merchant to comply with these provisions; (iii) doma’s execution of merchant’s instructions; (iv) merchant’s negligence or willful misconduct; or (v) any auxiliary services including but not limited to local cartage, crating, uncrating, packing, and unpacking which are requested by merchant and arranged by doma as an accommodation when such services are not actually performed by doma; or (vi) claims seeking to impose liability in excess of any liability expressly assumed by doma herein or in excess of any limitation of liability to which doma is entitled hereunder.  the indemnity obligations in this provision shall not apply to the extent a claim is determined by a court of appropriate jurisdiction to have been caused by the negligence or willful misconduct of doma.
15.	cargo security requirements:  shipments are subject to all cargo security requirements imposed by all applicable federal and/or state agencies, including but not limited to the transportation security administration.  per 49 cfr 1548.9(b) merchant hereby consents to screening of its shipments which may include physical search or inspection of such cargo. doma shall have the right to refuse, remove or abandon any shipment, the transportation of which is prohibited by applicable law, orders or regulations, or the transportation of which, in doma‘s judgment, would be unsafe.  where circumstances permit, such shipment will be stored at merchant’s expense pending receipt of disposition instructions from merchant.
16.	right to reject or re-route:  doma reserves the right to reject any shipment for any reason whatsoever, including but not limited to safety or security concerns.  it is agreed that no time is fixed for the completion of carriage hereunder and that doma may, without notice, substitute aircraft or alternate carriers, including surface and/or ocean carriers.  doma assumes no obligation to forward the goods by any specified carrier or over any particular route or routes or to make connection at any point according to any particular schedule, and doma is hereby authorized to select, or deviate from, the route or routes of shipment, notwithstanding that the same may be stated on the face of the waybill and/or other shipping document(s).
17.	prohibited items: unless otherwise expressly provided in a separate written agreement, and subject to any conditions or restrictions contained therein, the following articles will not be accepted for carriage: a) any shipment prohibited by law;  b) original works of art, antiques, bonds, coins of any kind, currency, currency equivalents, furs, fur clothing, gems or stones (cut or uncut), industrial diamonds, jewelry (other than costume jewelry), pearls, precious metals, securities (negotiable), stamp collections, time sensitive written material (e.g., bids, contract proposals, etc.); c) one-of-a-kind articles or models, prototypes, valuable rugs (i.e., oriental rugs, persian rugs) and prints or lithographs; d) improperly packed items; e) bulk products; f) live animals and plants; g) cigarettes and tobacco products; h) fresh foods or perishables; i) pharmaceuticals; computer chips and similar memory devices; j) glass and glassware, including but not limited to, plate glass, signs incorporating glass, furniture with glass components, windows, artwork constituted of, or incorporating glass, lighting fixtures made of or incorporating glass, crystal, china or other similar fragile items; and k) such other articles as doma may designate from time to time.  doma shall not be liable for any loss, damage, delay, liabilities or penalties resulting from the transportation of any of the foregoing articles, however described or misdescribed in the waybill or other shipping document(s), and no employee or agent of doma has any authority to accept for transportation such articles or to waive the limitations herein contained except as set forth herein.

doma strictly adheres to cfr 49 guidance on shipping parcels through premium transportation services.  all cargo tendered for premium transport is subject to a search or inspection in accordance with federal regulations. any person or entity who tenders cargo for premium transportation service must consent to a search or inspection, or their cargo will be refused.  any parcel found to contain prohibited items will have those items removed from the parcel and discarded.  the parcels will then be resealed and sent onward to its destination.  the parcel will under no circumstance be moved from premium to economy service.  prohibited items will not be returned to the aso and/or sender.  the prohibited items will be held at the consolidation facility for 30 days and will then be discarded.
			
18.	general lien:  doma shall have a continuing, general lien on all shipments for all freight charges (including past due charges on other shipments), advances or charges of any kind arising out of this contract and may refuse to surrender possession of any or all shipment(s) until all such charges are paid and is entitled to all rights and remedies legally available.  shipments retained pursuant to the lien established herein may be subject to storage fees and/or disposed of at public or private sale, with doma paid from the proceeds of such sale, including storage charges and costs of sale.  doma shall provide written notice to merchant of its intent to exercise its lien, the amount of monies then due and owed, as well as any ongoing storage or other charges. merchant shall notify all parties claiming an interest in the shipment(s) subject to the lien of the exercise of doma’s lien and doma’s rights as set forth herein.  merchant remains liable for charges, including any deficiency remaining after sale.
19.	storage:  if the consignee refuses any of the cargo or if doma is unable to deliver any shipment because of the fault or mistake of merchant or the consignee, or if merchant advises and instructs doma to stop movement of the cargo and to hold it in transit, doma’s liability thereafter immediately shall be that of a warehouseman. the procedures that doma agrees to and shall take as a warehouseman involve the use of ordinary care to keep the cargo in a safe or suitable place to store the cargo. doma shall (a) attempt to give merchant notice as soon as possible if the foregoing occurs, (b) place the cargo in storage, if available, unless doma receives acceptable contrary disposition instructions from merchant within twenty-four (24) hours, and (c) if disposition instructions are not given by merchant within thirty (30) days of doma’s initial notification to merchant, doma may offer the cargo for public or private sale or return the shipment to merchant at merchant’s sole risk and expense.  merchant shall be responsible for reasonable storage and related costs doma incurs in acting as a warehouseman. if merchant gives doma timely disposition instructions, doma shall use any commercially reasonable steps to abide with such instructions in accordance with this contract. merchant shall pay doma’s costs and any additional transportation costs that doma incurs in doing so. merchant shall remain jointly and severally liable to doma for any deficiency should the proceeds of any sale be insufficient to offset all charges due doma with respect to the goods.  excess proceeds from a sale will be used to satisfy any outstanding lien or obligation due doma first, with any balance thereafter paid to merchant.  merchant agrees to defend, indemnify and hold doma harmless against all loss and expense, including attorney’s fees, of whatever nature brought by any other person having an interest in the goods sold under this provision.
20.	custom duties and other fees:  doma is authorized by merchant (but shall be under no obligation) to advance any duties, taxes, or charges and to make any disbursements with respect to a shipment(s), and merchant, owner and consignee shall be jointly and severally liable for the reimbursement thereof.  doma may charge an administrative fee to merchant for all such advances.
21.	payment term:  except as otherwise agreed, payment for all services is due at the time of shipment acceptance. any payment which is past due shall be subject to an additional charge of 1 ½% per month of the outstanding balance due or the maximum interest rate permitted by applicable law, whichever is more, together with all collection costs, including reasonable attorney fees, incurred by doma.  merchant at all times remains primarily liable for payment of all doma-invoiced charges.  merchant’s obligation to pay doma’s invoices is not extinguished by merchant’s payment to a third-party payment agency unless and until such third-party payment agency has actually paid all doma invoices.
22.	compliance with law/export controls:  merchant shall comply with all applicable laws (including anti-corruption/anti-bribery laws such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act), government regulations and customs of any country to, from, through or over which the shipment may be carried, including those relating to its packing, carriage or delivery, and shall furnish to doma complete and accurate information and provide such fully legally compliant documents as may be necessary to comply with such laws and regulations. merchant agrees that it will not engage doma to transport cargo to any sanctioned or embargoed country or individual (directly or indirectly), whether or not doma is engaged to transport such cargo to an end user.
23.	privacy act notice:  49 usc 114 authorizes the collection of certain information or data, including merchant’s name and address.  the information you provide may be used to qualify you or verify your status as a possible “known shipper.”  providing this information is voluntary, however, failure to provide the information will prevent you from qualifying as a “known shipper.”  this information will be disclosed to tsa personnel and contractors or other agents including indirect air carriers in the maintenance and operation of the known shipper program.  tsa may share the information with airport operators, foreign air carriers, indirect air carriers, law enforcement agencies, and others in accordance with the privacy act, 5 usc section 552a.  for additional details, see the system of records notice for transportation security threat assessment system (dhs/tsa 002) published in the federal register.  doma may collect similar information as required by law to service a shipment, transmit data to a government body and/or comply with u.s. export control laws or compulsory law from other jurisdictions, as may be required to complete a contract of carriage in accordance with these terms and conditions.  such data will be retained by doma as required by applicable law.  doma may also collect and use such data as part of it opening an account on behalf of merchant, for general administrative processes and otherwise in performing services.  merchant consents to such disclosures of information and/or data, and represents and warrants that it has obtained consent of all persons on whose behalf merchant transmits data to doma.
a) country-specific taxes: in countries where taxes are known to be levied and the amount of the levy can be anticipated in advance, doma export reserves the right to bill the merchant for such taxes at the time of shipment acceptance.
24.	severability:  if any provision contained or referred to in this contract may be contrary to compulsory law, government regulations or orders, such provisions shall remain applicable to the extent that it is not overridden thereby. the invalidity of any provisions shall not affect any other part hereof.
25.	force majeure:  doma will not be liable for failing to perform or discharge any obligation hereunder where caused by acts of god, labor disorders, fire or other casualty, closing of the public highways, governmental interference or other causes beyond doma’s reasonable control.
26.	no modification or amendment unless written:    any attempt by merchant to unilaterally alter or modify these terms and conditions of service shall be null and void.  any modifications to these terms and conditions of service may only be in a writing signed by authorized representatives of both parties.  no obligation contained herein shall be deemed to have been waived by doma unless in writing, and no such waiver shall be deemed a waiver of any other term or condition herein.
27.	dispute resolution and governing law: these terms and conditions of service, and the services provided by doma under them, shall be governed by and subject to the applicable federal law of the united states and by the laws of the state of massachusetts, without regard to the choice-of-law rules of that state or any other jurisdiction.  the foregoing notwithstanding, if the carriage involves an ultimate destination or stop in a country other than the country of departure, the montreal convention or the warsaw convention may be applicable by force of law.  in the event of a direct conflict between these terms and conditions of service and a mandatory provision of any such convention, the terms of such convention shall control, but only to the extent of such direct conflict.  merchant and doma agree that any claim or dispute arising from or in connection with this agreement, whether under international convention, federal, state, local, or foreign statutes, regulations, or common law, shall be brought exclusively in the state or federal courts serving massachusetts.  merchant and doma hereby consent to the jurisdiction of such courts.  in the event merchant files an action against doma, merchant hereby consents to any doma-instituted transfer of such action to any other venue in which doma is a party or subsequently becomes a party to an action concerning loss or damage to the shipment that is the subject of merchant’s action.  should doma successfully defend itself in any legal actions brought by any person with an interest in a shipment, doma shall be entitled to reasonable attorney fees and litigation expenses.
28.  for premium express shipments, the company and/or our delivery agents will make up to two delivery attempts at no additional charge.   after these attempts, the receiver may be liable for re-delivery fees and/or storage charges.
29.	merchant, when shipper or u.s. principal party in interest (“usppi”), specifically grants the following export power of attorney: power of attorney granted by merchant as u.s. principal party in interest to authorized agent for export shipments - know all persons by these presents, that merchant is the usppi residing and/or organized and doing business under the laws of the u.s. and having an office and place of business as indicated below hereby authorizes doma export company, llc (“agent”) to act for and on their behalf as a true and lawful agent and attorney of the usppi for, and in the name, place, and stead of the usppi, from this date, in the u.s. either in writing, electronically, or by other authorized means:  1) for export control, u.s. census bureau reporting, and u.s. customs and border protection purposes; preparation and transmittal of any electronic export information (eei) or other documents or records required to be filed by the u.s. census bureau, u.s. customs and border protection, u.s. department commerce-bureau of industry and security, or any other u.s. government agency; or 2) to execute transportation documents on behalf of or in the name of usppi or perform any other act that may be required by u.s. or foreign law or regulation in connection with the exportation, transportation or importation into foreign countries of any goods shipped or consigned by the usppi. the usppi hereby certifies that all statements and information contained in the documentation provided to agent and relating to transportation of merchant’s goods is and will be true and correct. the usppi understands that civil and criminal penalties may be imposed for making false or fraudulent statements or for the violation of any u.s. or foreign laws or regulations on exportation. this power of attorney is to remain in full force and effect until revocation in writing is duly given by the usppi and received by the agent or it expires by operation of law.







×
privacy policy

this privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'personally identifiable information' (pii) is being used online. pii, as described in us privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your personally identifiable information in accordance with our website.




what personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?


when ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number  or other details to help you with your experience.


when do we collect information?


we collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, fill out a form or enter information on our site.




how do we use your information? 


 we may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:


      • to personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
      • to improve our website in order to better serve you.
      • to allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
      • to administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
      • to ask for ratings and reviews of services or products
      • to follow up with them after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)



how do we protect your information?


our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.


we use regular malware scanning.


your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. in addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via secure socket layer (ssl) technology. 

we implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.

all transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.



do we use 'cookies'?


yes. cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. for instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. they are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. we also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.


we use cookies to:

      • understand and save user's preferences for future visits.
      • compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. we may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.

you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. you do this through your browser settings. since browser is a little different, look at your browser's help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.



if users disable cookies in their browser:


if you turn cookies off, some features will be disabled. some of the features that make your site experience more efficient and may not function properly.

you will not be able to place orders login to the website. ordering services.





third-party disclosure



do we disclose the information we collect to third-parties?

we transfer to outside parties your name, address, city, town, phone number

we engage in this practice because,:

to possibility sending parcels to our main warehouse in port reading, nj via ups or fedex.personally identifiable information.




third-party links


occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. these third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. we therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.



google


google's advertising requirements can be summed up by google's advertising principles. they are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en 


we have not enabled google adsense on our site but we may do so in the future.



california online privacy protection act


caloppa is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy.  the law's reach stretches well beyond california to require any person or company in the united states (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from california consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. -  see more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0fdrbt51.dpuf



according to caloppa, we agree to the following:


users can visit our site anonymously.
once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.

our privacy policy link includes the word 'privacy' and can easily be found on the page specified above.

you will be notified of any privacy policy changes:
      • on our privacy policy page

can change your personal information:
      • by emailing us
      • by logging in to your account


how does our site handle do not track signals?


we honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a do not track (dnt) browser mechanism is in place. 


does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?


it's also important to note that we do not allow third-party behavioral tracking



coppa (children online privacy protection act)


when it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the children's online privacy protection act (coppa) puts parents in control.  the federal trade commission, united states' consumer protection agency, enforces the coppa rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.


we do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.



fair information practices


the fair information practices principles form the backbone of privacy law in the united states and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. understanding the fair information practice principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.



in order to be in line with fair information practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:

      • within 7 business days
we will notify the users via in-site notification
      • within 7 business days

we also agree to the individual redress principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. this principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.



can spam act


the can-spam act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.



we collect your email address in order to:

      • send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
      • process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.
      • send you additional information related to your product and/or service
      • market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.


to be in accordance with canspam, we agree to the following:

      • not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
      • identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
      • include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
      • monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
      • honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
      • allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.


if at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at

support@packagshippinghelp.com and we will promptly remove you from all correspondence.




contacting us


if there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.


doma export
600 markley stport reading, nj 07064 usa
info@polonezamerica.com
+1 (908) 862 1700

last edited on 2018-01-01
			









doma export

attention, doma has changed adress.
new address: 600 markley st, port reading, nj, 07064.
please send your parcels here.

doma export is the leading shipping company specializing in personal and commercial shipments from the united states to poland and 43 other european countries. doma has been a leader on the shipping industry for 60 years now proving high reliability and excellent quality services offered to our clients.
doma offers a wide range of services from shipping container rentals, shipments of personal and commercial parcels through air or ocean.
we have over 50 locations around the united states that accept parcels from customers. we deliver packages directly to the recipient's home, as well as the option of picking up from our warehouse located in częstochowa, poland.
doma also provides shipment for any type of vehicles, such as: cars, motorcycles, atvs, scooters, jet skis, snow mobiles, boats. additionally we handle last minute gift baskets, food parcels as well as resettlements ranging from partial to full containers.
we strive to continue earning our clients’ trust with integrity and professionalism by providing our services at the highest level of service with the lowest possible prices.

learn more



















our services






package shipment
vehicle shipment
shipping container rental
resettlement










doma export offers a wide range of personal and commercial shipments from the united ststes to poland and 31 other european countries by sea or air. we offer a delivery directly to recipients’ houses or if you wish you can pick up your shipment from one of our locations in poland.
we ship packages to albania, andorra, armenia, austria, belgium, bosnia, bulgaria, croatia, czech republic, denmark, estonia, finland, france, germany, great britain, greece - mainland, hungary, ireland, italy, kazakhstan, kyrgyzstan, latvia, liechtenstein, lithuania, luxembourg, macedonia, moldova, netherlands, norway, poland, portugal, romania, serbia, slovak republic, slovenia, spain, sweden, switzerland, turkey, ukraine, uzbekistan.
you can send a package from one of our locations in the usa.
just bring the prepared parcel to the nearest location. to find a location near you, click here.





doma export offers shipments of any vehicle: cars, motorcycles, atvs, scooters, jet skis, snow mobiles, boats, etc., from our headquarters in port reading, nj to our main warehouse in częstochowa, poland.
clients, who need to ship a car, should deliver the car to our headquarters to the following address:
doma export
									600 markley st
									port reading, nj 07064
vehicles such as atvs, scooters, jet skies, snow mobiles, boats, etc., can be sent from any of our locations or from the headquarters in port reading, nj. with additional cost, you can also schedule a pick up from your home.
for more information about that subject please contact our office at (800) 229-3662.
the following documents are required by customs offices to ship any type of vehicle:
							1. sender’s full name and phone number;
							2. copy of a front page of sender’s passport ( picture and passport number needs to be clearly visible );
							3. recipient’s full name and phone number;
							4. original title of the shipped vehicle (certificate of title, certificate of origin);
							if the vehicle was financed, a notarized release or other complementary document from the lender should be submitted apart from original certificate of title to confirm the payoff;
							5. original bill of sale. five-year and newer vehicles a confirmation payment receipt needs to be submitted.
							if the shipped vehicle was paid in full by cash, us customs requires a check copy/ a copy of a bank transfer page/ a dealer’s receipt used for payment;
							6. vehicles ten year and older, were not issued the certificate of title. in this case, clients are required to submit proof of ownership issued by local dmv (department of motor vehicle).
							7. for shipment of heavy duty/farm vehicles the three notarized copies of bill of sale needs to specify the vehicle vin.
the shipped vehicles should have empty tank, the battery needs to be unplugged and the battery cables must be isolated against a shot.






doma export rents numerous shipping containers and ships them to poland and other countries of  europe. we offer a convenient service of delivering the rented shipping container to any address in the usa, allowing loading time and deliver it to any address in poland or a country in eastern europe (so called "door to door" service)
1. shipping container rental
size: 20 or 40 feet shipping container.
the sender should ensure that the shipped contents are provided sufficient protection.
the cost of shipping is calculated for each client individually and depends on the size of the shipping container, the distance between the sender’s and recipient’s addresses and the loading time. the clients can choose a way the costs are calculated:
							a) during week days we deliver the shipping container and allow two hours for loading;
							b) we deliver the shipping container and allow two days/weekend for loading.
customs and port fees in the usa are included in the shipping costs charged by doma. the sender is responsible for customs and port fees in the country of destination. the sender is also responsible for unloading the shipping container at the place of destination.
2. shipping container - partial rental
if the contents you wish to ship do not fill the whole shipping container, we offer an alternate option of partial rentals. in partial rentals client pays only for the taken space in the shipping container. you can send the contents from our headquarters in port reading, nj or any of our locations. with additional costs, we also offer a pick-up from a sender’s address.
							doma can deliver the shipping container to recipient’s address or to our warehouse in częstochowa, poland. please make sure you contact our headquarter office to receive detailed information and schedule a rental.





doma export offers help with resettlement process. below, you will find requirements and necessary documentation to begin a process of resettlement.
to become eligible for a resettlement, the following requirements need to be met:
							1. documents confirming 12 (twelve) consecutive months of a stay in the usa (e.g.: tax statements, electricity bills, phone bills, rent receipts, insurance receipts, statement from the employer, etc.) need to be submitted to customs. all of the documents need to be issued on the person who is resettling;
							2. resettler’s original id confirming the stay in the usa (passport, visa, us driver’s license, etc.);
							3. original return plane ticket or boarding card;
							4. filled customs declaration form;
							5. invoice with costs of resettling;
							6. document(s) proving permanent address in poland ( registration receipt issued by town/city hall including pesel number, notarized rental agreement, notarized house/ apartment title, etc.);
							7. polish identity card ( dowód osobisty) or a document proving that an application and issuing process of polish identity card has been started;
							8. a detailed list of possessions taken as a part of resettlement process. the list needs to include the categories of possessions: clothes, furniture, etc., number of possessions and approximate value in us dollars. if a vehicle is being shipped as a possession, year, make and vin should be specified on the list. even if you plan to ship your possessions at few different times, a completed list needs to be submitted with the first part of the shipment. once you submit the completed list, it cannot be changed at any time. please, use resettlement form found here;
							9. additional documentation is required if a car is being shipped as a part of resettlement:
							- the original certificate of title,
							- the original invoice or bill of sale specifying name of the owner, his address or certificate proving the value of the car;
							- car registration documentation in the usa, specifying the name of a person who is resettling. the car needs to be registered in the usa on the person who is resettling, for at least 6 (six) consecutive months before it can be shipped abroad. the six month period needs to be completed prior the date on the stamp specified on the customs forms,
							- documents proving that the car was insured for at least 6 months prior the date of shipment,
							- if the registration plates were submitted to dmv, an original document proving its registration needs to be submitted;





food parcels offered by doma serves as gift baskets and are a perfect gift for your friends and family in poland for any occasion.
we offer a large assortment of gourmet food and gift baskets. our clients can choose: standard, special occasions or kids parcels, as well as fruit baskets or ask us to deliver fresh flowers.
for small occasions, doma also offers single item gifts delivery.















find location
doma export has over 50 locations throughout the united ststes and growing quickly, each providing access to our network and other services.
							to find a location near you, input your zip code and click "find". the system will generate a list of locations sorted by the proximity.


enter your zip code:

or choose a state:

find
find closest
show all









when you ship from any of those locations, they will help you complete the necessary forms. your package will be delivered door to door promptly and safely! just enter your tracking number to see the status of your shipment. you’ll get point-by-point tracking details – from the moment the parcel leaves our location to the exact time of delivery.




















tracking shipments



for those of you who want to track their parcels we have created a tracking system for your convenience. the system will give you ability to follow the route of your package.
					to track your package, please enter the entire tracking number below and click "track".




tracking number:




your package was not found. did you enter correct number ?
x

track clear 

below you can find point-by-point tracking details of your package, from the moment you drop it off in one of our authorized shipping outlets to the date and time of delivery.



date
location
status





* 'due to delays in ocean transport beyond our control, the delivery time of parcels may take longer than the normal 3 weeks.












faq - frequently asked questions



the following are the most frequent questions we've received concerning our services. if you don’t find the answer you are looking for, email us and we will gladly address your question.



1. what countries do you send package to?

we ship parcels to most european countries such as albania, andorra, armenia, austria, azerbaijan, belgium, bosnia, bulgaria, croatia, czech republic, denmark, estonia, finland, france, georgia, germany, great britain, greece - mainland, hungary, ireland, italy, kazakhstan, kyrgyzstan, latvia, liechtenstein, lithuania, luxembourg, macedonia, moldova, netherlands, norway, poland, portugal, romania, serbia, slovak republic, slovenia, spain, sweden, switzerland, turkey, ukraine, uzbekistan. we also provide our services to the philippines.





2. do i need to pick up my parcel in poland? if yes, where ?







3. what is the cost of shipping ?

the final cost of shipping your parcel depends on the city in the usa that the package is shipped from, where it is going to, and how much it weights. to calculate the accurate cost of shipping please contact one of our locations.
to find a location near you, click here.





4. what items cannot i send in the package ?

the following items are prohibited in international packages:

							- firearms, signal guns, air guns, gas arms, ammunition, cold steel arms (including throwing weapons), electric shock devices and spark gaps, as well as parts of those weapons;
							- weapon parts & accessories;
							- military goods;
							- narcotics of any origin, psychotropic substances;
							- radioactive substances;
							- gunpowder, explosive, corrosive, flammable, and other hazardous substances;
							- drugs, food supplements, vitamins;
							- animals and plants;
							- animal food and feeds;
							- seed;
							- food, alcoholic beverages, cigarettes, tobacco, nicotine;
							- human remains and organs;
							- antiques;
							- jewelry, precious metals, and stones;
							- works of art;
							- cash and cash instruments in any form: money orders, checks, vouchers, securities, bonds, coupons, promotions, credit cards;
							- postage stamps;
							- products and publication of obscene content, pornography of any kind;
							- items prohibited by the world association of transport;
							- items which require export licensing by the state department or commerce department must be accompanied by a license;
							- items that may pose a risk to workers, transporting parcels, soil or damage other items and equipment by their nature or packaging.

additional restrictions for packages shipped on airplanes:

							- any goods, containing un3480 batteries
							- bengal lights and fireworks
							- gases in any package, including pepper and tear gases;
							- flammable liquids, perfumes, colognes, nail polishes, etc.;
							- any fuel and empty containers from it;
							- all paints and its solvents;
							- radioactive materials;
							- corrosion inhibitors;
							- pipe cleaners;
							- oxygen-rich substances;
							- containers with aerosols;
							- cylinders for scuba diving;
							- tanks for propane;
							- co2 tanks;
							- arms and ammunition;
							- gunpowder;
							- dry ice;
							- a tool that runs on fuel;
							- lighters and its filling;
							- matches;
							- rechargeable batteries, power supplies, batteries;
							- alcohol-based agents, perfumes, nail polishes and hair;
							- alcoholic beverages;
							- absorbers and other used spare parts or containing lubricating fluids and materials;
							- any goods that are under export control by the u.s. government can be shipped only if they are licensed by the u.s. department of commerce.


							the sender acknowledges that it is prohibited and unlawful to include in the goods being shipped any arms, controlled substances, explosives or explosive substances, flammables, dangerous goods, or any other similar objects. the sender warrants and guarantees that the goods contain no such items. in the event the goods contain such items, the sender admits liability and shall be solely responsible for and shall indemnify the carrier against all claims, damages, charges, or suits made or brought in relation thereto. any goods, containing un3480 batteries are considered to be dangerous goods and are prohibited for sending by air. 
						

							* if prohibited goods for air transportation are found – delivery type will be automatically changed and parcel will be shipped by sea.
						





5. can i ship items containing batteries by air ?

items with batteries that are allowed in air shipment, provided they are properly declared

							- camera / aparat
							- computer / komputer
							- flashlight / latarka
							- ipad / ipad
							- iphone / iphone
							- laptop / laptop
							- phone / telefon
							- radio portable / radio przenośne
							- tablet / tablet
							- notebook / laptop
							- notepad / tablet
							- ipod / ipod
							- remote control / pilot
							- headphones rechargeable  / słuchawki na baterię
							- cellphone / telefon komórkowy
							- mobile phone / telefon komórkowy
							- tools - battery powered / narzędzia z baterią
							- toys - battery powered / zabawki z baterią
							- radio - portable / radio przenośne
							- gopro camera / gopro kamera
							- camera used / aparat używany
							- computer used / komputer używany
							- ipad used / ipad używany
							- iphone used / iphone używany
							- laptop used / laptop używany
							- phone used / telefon używany
							- tablet used / tablet używany
							- notebook used / laptop używany
							- notepad used / tablet używany
							- ipod used / ipod używany
							- cellphone used / telefon komórkowy
							- mobile phone used / telefon komórkowy używany
							- tools - battery powered used / narzędzia z baterią używane
							- toys - battery powered used / zabawki z baterią używane
							- radio - portable used / radio przenośne używane
							- gopro camera used / gopro kamera używana
							





6. what is the maximum value of a shipment to be considered exempt from the customs fee and taxes?

all packages, including gift packages over 45eur are subject to customs in all of the european union.
online shopping parcels are custom duty exempt with a value up to 150 euro, and polish vat exempt up to 22 euro.





7. is there a particular way i should prepare my package for shipping ?

preparing your parcel for shipment is crucial because it helps ensure a prompt delivery. please follow the steps below to help us provide you with great service:
1) always use a rigid box and if there is any empty space between your contents and the parcel walls, fill it out with paper, bubble wrap or polystyrene to prevent the contents from moving and to ensure sufficient protection;
						2) always use a strong tape to close your parcel securely. make sure to tape the corners of the parcels to ensure safety and security of your shipment;
						3) on one of the surface of the box, in left upper corner please write the sender’s full name, address and phone number;
						4) on the same side, in the center, with capital letters write recipient’s full name, address and phone number.
the parcel is ready for shipment. bring the parcel to a location closest to you. to find a location near you, click here






8. does the cost include the delivery to recipient’s address ?

yes, the cost of your shipment includes the delivery to the recipient’s address. unless, you state otherwise when sending it. the volume/nonstandard parcel receives a sticker volume - pickup from whs and needs to be picked up by the recipient in our warehouse in częstochowa, poland.
packages weighing up to 60 lbs are delivered to recipients’ door. if the parcel is heavier than 60 lbs our delivery team has the right to leave the parcel on the stairways of the apartment building or by the gate of a recipient’s house for safety reasons.





9. are there any additional costs besides the shipping fees ?

they may be some extra costs depending on customs. all of the shipping costs are paid by the sender, howewer customs may assess duties and taxes whitch would be paid by the receiver. click here to learn about customs duties and taxes
also, volume/nonstandard parcels that must be picked up by the recipient in our warehouse in częstowchowa are issued extra unloading/loading fees. the recipient, or the person authorized to pick up the parcel can cover the fees while picking up the packages.





10. what is the delivery time for ocean shipments?

the delivery time for parcels sent by our ocean service is 4-6 weeks. the time is calculated from the date that the parcel is accepted by one of our authorized shipping outlets.
please note that christmas and easter seasons are the busiest time and the delivery times may be grater than predicted due to the higher volume and the unpredictability of the weather.
the delivery time may be extended if the shipment is stopped by the customs or for other reasons beyond our control.





11. what is the delivery time for air shipments?

air freight includes two different service levels; standard and express. the delivery time for regular air freight is 1-2 weeks and express air freight is 5-8 business days. the time is calculated from the date on the stamp that the parcel was accepted by one of our locations.
please note that christmas and easter seasons are the busiest time and the delivery times may be grater than predicted due to the higher volume of cargo planes at that time.
the delivery time may be extended if the shipment is stopped by the customs or for other reasons beyond our control.





12. is doma export responsible for my parcel ?

yes, all shipments, except  packages addressed to moldova, kazakstan and kirgistan, are covered in the unlikely event of loss, up to $100. for additonal details please see our terms and conditions





13. can i buy extra liability coverage for my parcel ?

yes, you can. additional declared value coverage is available for $3.00 for every $100 or fraction thereof. for additional details please see our terms and conditions





14. i want to send a parcel that has unusual shape and size (i.e. pallet, case, etc.), how can i calculate the exact shipping cost ?

to calculate the exact shipping cost of any irregular shipment, e.g.: pallet, case, etc. please contact one of our locations. please have all the measurements ready so one of our representatives can provide the exact shipping cost. you can also contact us directly.





15. how can i check the status of my shipment ?

as of today, we provide full tracking services only for parcels that are sent to poland.
you can check the status of your shipment on our website here.
the status of shipments for other countries than poland can be checked via email. email us at info@polonezamerica.com. please allow 24-48 hours to respond.
						





16. when i input my parcel number, the website says it wasn’t found. why is this happening ?

this may be happening because your parcel was sent using the old system and only the parcels sent through the upgraded system can be tracked. please contact your local authorized shipping outlet and ask when they are planning to upgrade their system. 
there is also a way to tell if your parcel was sent through the old or new system by looking at its numbers. parcels from new system have the following number format: dma012 mp 000213 (this is just an example).
if your parcel was sent through the old system, its status can be checked after it was delivered to our headquarters in port reading, nj.
						





17. can i pack my parcel in one of your locations ?

some of our authorized shipping outlets have packing areas in their offices. please contact your local authorized shipping outlet and ask about this possibility.





18. do your locations sell boxes for parcels ?

yes, most of our location carry four different sizes of boxes.
1. small - 20” x 14” x 8”
						2. standard - 20” x 14” x 14”
						3. medium - 20” x 14” x 17”
						4. large - 20” x 17” x 21”





19. how can i find location that is the closest to me ?

to find a location click here and input your zip code.





20. can i ship a whole ocean shipping container ?

yes, doma export ship two different sizes of shipping containers; 20 foot long and 40 foot long.
you can rent the whole shipping container or part of it. click here to find more information about those (2) options.





21. can i ship a car, a boat or a motorbike? if so, how is it done ?

our services include shipping vehicles such as cars, boats, quads, trailers, snowmobiles, jet skis, motorbikes or others. they can be shipped from our headquarters in port reading, nj, any of our locations or we can pick the vehicle up from you direcly.
once the shipment arrives in poland, it can either be picked up at our agents' warehouse or delivered to the receiver for an additional fee.
click here to find more information about shipping vehicles and charges or call our headquarters in port reading, nj at (800) 229-3662.
						





22. i want to move to poland and take my belongings with me. do i need to submit any documents?  how can i send them?

yes insert space it is possible to take your belongings with you. you can either send them in several packages and have them delivered to your new address or you can rent shipping a container or just part of it. the moving process is called resettlement and it requires many different documents and conditions.
click here to find more information about the resettlement process see if you are eligible and learn all the required documents.





23. do i need to pay duties when i move to poland ?

you may take household belongings you acquired in the us duty-free if they are part of the resettlement process that is determined by multuple factors. if the belongings qualify for resettlement, you will be responsible for customs processing fees only.
the following items cannot be taken to poland duty-free, in other words they cannot be added to your resettlement declaration:
						- alcoholic beverages,
						- tobacco and tobacco containing products,
						- commercial transportation vehicles,
						- professional craft tools, and other portable equipment related to continuing the profession.





24. how can i get in touch with your distribution locations?

our distribution agents in poland is karex and it is located in ul. młodości 67, 42-215 czȩstochowa.
the hours of operations: monday to friday, 8am - 4pm (eastern european time)
you can contact karex through phone: (34) 365-9054 or email: info@karex.info.pl
some of our air express parcels are distributed by polsped paczka located in warsaw, poland. the address is: 1-go maja 11, apt 7, phone number is 666 876 306, email: polsped.paczka@post.pl





25. how can i get in touch with customs office ?

customs office in czestochowa - karex, is located in the same building as our distribution agent karex and the contact information is:
ul. młodości 67, 42-215 czȩstochowa
						phone : (34) 365-9051
						email: karex.ac@gmail.com
please be advised that karex and customs office are two separate entities that are located in the same building.
custom office - polsped paczka, is located in warsaw, 1-go maja 11, apt 7, phone numer is: 666 876 306, e-email: polsped.paczka@post.pl
doma export neither represents customs, nor influences customs decisions. customs office is a government entity that is governed by its own laws and regulations.





26. my parcel was held by customs, what now ?

if your parcel was held by customs and you received a notification, please contact customs office - karex directly to solve the issue. the contact information:
ul. młodości 67, 42-215 czȩstochowa
						phone: (34) 365-9051
						email: karex.ac@gmail.com
please be advised that karex and customs office are two separate entities, located in the same building.
if your parcel was held by customs in warsaw and you received a notification, please contact custom office - polsped paczka directly to solve the issue. the contact information:
1-go maja 11, apt 7 street
						phone: 666 876 306
						e-email: polsped.paczka@post.pl
the customs officer will explains the possible steps to resolve their concernamd have your parcel delivered.
doma export neither represents customs, nor influences customs decisions. customs office is a government entity that is ruled by its own laws and regulations.
						





27. why was my parcel withheld by customs ?

all shipped parcels are subject to custom duty control. if your parcel was withheld this means customs officers may need clarification on the value of the items shipped, thus imposing a custom duty if the item is dutiable. please be advised to keep all the receipts, invoices or other documents that may be used as proof for customs showing the value of shipped items.
each case is different, and to best advise you, please contact:
customs office in czestochowa - karex directly over the phone (34) 365-9051 or e-mail: karex.ac@gmail.com
please be advised that karex and customs office are two separate entities that are located in the same building.
custom office in warsaw - polsped paczka, directly over the phone 666 876 306, or e-mail: polsped.paczka@post.pl
doma export neither represents customs, nor influences customs decisions. customs office is a government entity that is governed by its own laws and regulations.
						





28. what are customs duty rates ?

in order to determine custom duty please contact our customs office:
- customs office in czestochowa karex.
- customs office in warsaw - polsped paczka, directly over the phone 666 876 306, or e-mail: polsped.paczka@post.pl





29. is it possible to store a parcel in warehouse in poland?

yes, it is possible to store the parcel for up to 20 days in the warehouse in poland at no additional costs.
if there is a need for a longer storage, please contact the warehouse in poland directly - karex.





30. is it possible to change the recipient’s address when the parcel is already on its way?

yes, you can change the recipient’s address when the parcel is already on its way. there is $5.00 charge for each parcel. please contacts us direclty.





31. do you send parcels from europe to the usa ?

as of today, unfortunately we do not send parcels from europe to the usa.
















about us
doma export is the leading company specializing in customer-to-customer shipments from the united states to europe.
doma export and our subsidiaries have been a leader on the international package shipping market for over 40 years, providing high reliability and excellent service to our clients.
doma export has over 50 authorized shipping outlets throughout the usa and is a licensed ocean and air freight forwarder through our wholly-owned subsidiaries.




address




location:
600 markley st
port reading, nj 07064, usa





phone number
+1 (908) 862 1700
+1 (800) 229-3662





fax number
+1 (908) 862 1029





email:
info@polonezamerica.com





contact














send question



your message has been sent. please allow 48 hours to answer.
x

















copyright @2017-2025 doma export
privacy policy · terms and conditions








