


decifering...myself..("--)























    
	decifering...myself..("--)
	
  








thursday, october 07, 2010



	 
	 regret
	 
    


regret regret regret regret regret regret regret regret regret regret regret regret regret regret regret regret regret regret regret regret regret regret regret regret regret regret regret regret regret regret regret regret regret regret regret regret regret regret regret regret regret regret



posted by deciferurs @ 4:46 pm  
    	
         1 comments






sunday, july 05, 2009



	 
	 what a sunday
	 
    


its amazing how much disaster can be caused by a simple gesture..an action with not much effort required...a movement that we all do as humans in everyday life...then again, pulling a trigger against a head doesnt require much effort either..and consequences is bad as well..or plunging a knife into one's body (required more effort than pulling trigger).. anyway i was saying...sometimes a harmless action (and so u think) can cause so much trouble.. and yes, i am regretting my harmless actions again..



posted by deciferurs @ 5:04 pm  
    	
         0 comments






wednesday, march 11, 2009



	 
	 mr tat at his best
	 
    


today i reach home earlier, about 4pm. the lift door opened, and what do i see...i saw mr tat at his best..tat lor.he was sitting on his chair, outside his unit, legs on the rack. when he saw me, he didn't even budge an inch, i gave him a dirty look, and he look down, i think he's trying to count his cock hair. with him on the chair, his plants on the opp side of the corridor, whats left was a narrow gap for me to squeeze through (ok im exaggerating), but he could at least make it easier for me.his plant is going to die soon due to frequent abrasion with my shoulders.wat a piss off.



posted by deciferurs @ 4:17 pm  
    	
         0 comments






sunday, march 08, 2009



	 
	 neighbour
	 
    


i call my neighbour mr tat (pronounced as thud). i used to call them the phua family. why? becos i think they are phua ter bines. i start calling them tat family after i realised one of my fren's bf surname is phua. so there you go. as you can see, i dont like the tat family very much.few things they do that piss me off1. they hang their underwears on the corridor. when i open my door, the underwears will be greeting me..who in this century will be so uncivilised to hang underwears along common corridors? and i have to walk past their house to reach my house.2. they always wash the corridor in front of their house. c'mon, is it tat dusty or dirty that u have to splash water every day? it sucks when u walk past their house and ur slippers got wet and u put ur slippers inside ur house. i nearly slipped and fell couple of time too.3. they have plants along the corridor. i really dont mind plants, but i mind when the plant is quite big they are along the corridor, and they have poles for underwear on the opp side of the plant, and they also have a seat opp the plant outside their gate. messy right? i believe their unit has the most congested corridor in my block.4. why i call them tat family, becos i think they like to tat lor (block the road). on wkends afternoon, mr tat will sit in  the chair mentione above, outside his house, wearing only a short and topless. when we walk past him to reach the lift landing, he doesnt even budge. his legs will be on some rack, and he will be reading newspapers and scratching his balls. him and his plants combine, makes the corridor more narrower. i got a good mind to cut his plants smaller, spit on his chair, burn holes at the underwear. anyway i still got a trump card on my hand...mr tat, u make sure u dont piss me any further, otherwise, there's no guarantee what i might do.



posted by deciferurs @ 1:16 am  
    	
         0 comments






saturday, november 01, 2008



	 
	 yes yes yes yes
	 
    


yes yes..i just checked the date of my last post..its nov 2007.. now its nov 2008.. abt a year since i really sit down and spend time to write something. many a times i really want to write..but in the end did not manage to do it most of the time..many things have happen in the past 1 yr..ive gotten married, got my own house..living with my darling wife.. work has been stressful (wats new)..but still manage to produce some good results at year end..and yes..we finally went to tour europe (italy, france, switzerland)..this 2 days were not exactly the best days of the years..things got a little rough..and im trying my best to deal wtih it. apart from the loss of a business that i am working on..im still trying to cope and doing wat i can to replace that business from other sources.temper got better of me today..and i finally saw red..it was bad, but i am still typing..i kinda regret wat i did..and of course, regret something that i should have done but didnt.. sometimes u just feel that at that very moment, you need some actions to let off the anger and steam inside.. otherwise you feel like wana explode..this is how i felt today anyway..i thought im pretty cool with controlling temper..but wat the fuck..im wrong.. i still cant increase my boiling point...of all the wrong things i did..the worst was to hurt someone so close to you..that was really unintentional...haiz.. having said that, im really not sure how to turn things right. sometimes the harder you try, the worst it becomes..anyway wat i really want to say is, i regret wat i did..i should have control my temper.. and i should have done wat i should...and the thing is...i am really sorry.



posted by deciferurs @ 6:44 pm  
    	
         1 comments






thursday, november 15, 2007



	 
	 the road is full of crazy drivers
	 
    


if im given a dollar for every errant drivers i spot on the road, i'd probably be a rich man by now. ya thats right. fuck u, u, u, u, u and u..not forgetting u... kapui!!!!haha



posted by deciferurs @ 11:36 pm  
    	
         0 comments






monday, october 08, 2007



	 
	 hands held high
	 
    


turn my mic up louder i got to say somethin.lightweights step it aside when we come infeel it in your chest, the syllables get pumpinpeople on the street they panic and start running.words on loose leaf sheet complete coming.i jump in my mind and summon the rhyme i'm dumping.healing the blind i promise to let the sun insick of the dark ways we march to the drum andjump when they tell us that they wanna to see jumping.fuck that, i wanna see some fist pumping.risk something, take back what's yourssay something that you know they might attack you forcause i'm sick of being treated like i have beforelike it's stupid standing for what i'm standing for.like this war's really just a different brand of war.like it doesn't cater to rich and abandon poor.like they understand you in the back of the jet, when youcan't put gas in your tank, and these fuckers arelaughing their way to the bank, cashing the checkasking you to have compassion, and have some respectfor a leader so nervous in an obvious waystuttering and mumbling for nightly news to replayand the rest of the world watching at the end of the dayin the living room laughing like "what did he say?"amen, amen, amen, amen, amenin my living room watching, i am not laughing,cause when it gets tense i know what might happenthe world is cold, the bold men take actionhave to react or get blown into fractions.ten years old, it's something to see,another kid my age drug under a jeep,taken and bound, and found later under a tree,i wonder if he had thought the next one could be me.do you see, the soldiers, they're out today theybrush the dust from bulletproof vests away.it's ironic, at times like this you pray,but a bomb blew the mosque up yesterday.there's bombs on the buses, bikes, roads,inside your market,your shops, your clothes,my dad, he's got a lot of fear i knowbut enough pride inside not to let that show.my brother had a book he would hold with pridea little red cover with a broken spine.on the back, he hand wrote a quote inside:"when the rich wage war, it's the poor who die"and meanwhile, the leader just talks awaystuttering and mumbling for nightly news to replayand the rest of the world watching at the end of the dayboth scared and angry like "what did he say?"amen, amen, amen, amen, amen.with hands held high into a sky so blueas the ocean opens up to swallow you.



posted by deciferurs @ 12:06 am  
    	
         0 comments















about me

name:  deciferurs 
location:  singapore, singapore, singapore 
view my complete profile

links

http://blog.yanime.org/
http://www.mrbrown.com/blog/

previous posts

regret
what a sunday
mr tat at his best
neighbour
yes yes yes yes
the road is full of crazy drivers
hands held high
ippt woes
damn pissed
wats up with the bloody xxxxxx

archives

march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
april 2006
june 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
october 2007
november 2007
november 2008
march 2009
july 2009
october 2010






 



 




