 everest film – everest is the dramatic true story of a team of four climbers who ascended mount everest just days after fellow mountaineers and friends died in the 1996 mount everest disaster.      skip to contenttraileraboutgallerymaking oftheatersfor educators

×traileraboutgallerymaking oftheatersfor educators

facebook
 

twitter
 

instagram
 

youtube
 “visually gorgeous”the new york times“the best imax film to date”new york post“thrilling”new york daily  news
now playing in imax® and giant screen theatersdigitally remastered in 16k resolutionpresented by

now playing in imax® and giant screen theatersdigitally remastered in 16k resolutionpresented by



one of the greatest adventures of all timehailed as one of the greatest human adventures ever filmed for imax® and giant screen theaters, everest is the dramatic, true story of an expedition of four climbers on their journey to the summit of mount everest, just days after the infamous 1996 tragedy in which eight climbers lost their lives in a deadly storm, a story chronicled in jon krakauer’s best-selling book into thin air.  it is also the story of the world’s tallest mountain and the sherpa culture and tradition that permeates the everest experience.  originally released in 1998 to blockbuster success and now digitally remastered for a new generation, everest is above all else a story of triumph over adversity and of the true power and resilience of the human spirit.

















“what the large-format imax screen was made for: a breathtaking climb to the top of mount everest that reveals the world’s highest mountain in all of its awesome, perilous grandeur.”— entertainment weeklythe climbersed viesturslegendary climber ed viesturs summited everest without the aid of supplemental oxygen. he is the only american to have successfully reached the summit of the world’s fourteen 8,000-meter peaks without supplemental oxygen and is one of only a handful of climbers ever to accomplish this.jamling tenzing norgaynorgay comes from a mountaineering family dynasty.  he became the 10th member of his family to climb everest, following in the footsteps of his legendary father, tenzing norgay, who made the historic first ascent of the mountain with edmund hillary in 1953.araceli segarraat the age of 26, araceli segarra became the first spanish woman to reach the summit of everest.  araceli is an internationally renowned ice, rock and alpine climber who has participated in more than 30 climbing expeditions. she spends much of her time delivering motivational speaking engagements and publishing a series of illustrated children's books.sumiyo tsuzukia native of japan, tsuzuki made a third summit attempt on everest during film production.  after cracking a rib from altitude-induced coughing, tsuzuki turned back at the south summit and oversaw preparations for the other climbers’ descent at camp iv.“everest…is not only a visually glorious and absorbing film and a story of hope and hubris; it is also an amazing feat of filmmaking.”— the new york times

filming on mount everest
when the everest filmmakers set out to take an imax camera to the top of mount everest, everyone said it was impossible.  every extra ounce of weight a climber carries reduces vital stores of energy and adds to the risk of failure or death. but on may 23, 1996, filmmakers david breashears, robert schauer, and a team of sherpas recorded the first-ever imax images from the summit of mount everest, resulting in some of the most spectacular images ever seen on the giant screen.


learn more



theater listingsusastatecityvenueopening datealabamabirminghammcwane science centeravailable for groupscaliforniasan diegofleet science centeravailable for groupssan josethe tech interactiveexhibition completedsanta anathe bowers museumexhibition completedcoloradodenverdenver museum of nature and scienceexhibition completedfloridaft. lauderdalemuseum of discovery and scienceexhibition completedillinoischicagomuseum of science and industryexhibition completedkansaswichitaexploration placeexhibition completedmassachusettsbostonmuseum of scienceavailable for groupsmissourist. louisst. louis science centeravailable for groupsnew mexicoalbuquerquenew mexico museum of natural history & scienceexhibition completedohiocincinnaticincinnati museum centeravailable for groupsclevelandgreat lakes science centerexhibition completedtennesseechattanoogatennessee aquariumexhibition completedtexasaustinbullock tx state history museumavailable for groupshoustonhouston museum of natural scienceexhibition completedwashingtonseattlepacific science centerexhibition completedinternationalcountrycityvenueopening dateaustraliamelbournemuseums victoriaavailable for groupsaustriahartbergoekoparkexhibition completedcanadaedmontontelus world of scienceexhibition completedsudburyscience northexhibition completedvictoriaimax victoriaexhibition completedindiachandigarhpushpa gujral science cityavailable for groupshyderabadprasadzavailable for groupssingaporesingaporescience centre singaporeexhibition completedswitzerlandlucerneswiss museum of transportavailable for groupsunited kingdombradfordnational science and media museumavailable for groups

for educatorsinvite your students to have a learning experience they won’t forget!   book a field trip to see everest and become immersed in the geography, history, social studies and other key school curriculum aligned with this special place.   download the educator guide for hands-on activities and schedule your field trip now by contacting your local imax theater for information about special group programs.


download guide


get in touch
 
 
p.o. box 205 laguna beach, ca 92652 u.s.a.

 
 
949.494.1055

 
 
949.494.2079

 
 
contact@macfreefilms.com
follow us

facebook
 

instagram
 

twitter
 

youtube
 sign up for our newsletter
© 2021 macgillivray freeman films. imax® is a registered trademark of imax corporation. "great adventure films" is a registered trademark of macgillivray freeman films, inc. site powered 100% by solar energy | www.aiso.net. ‘academy awards®’ is the registered trademark and service mark of the academy of motion picture arts and sciences    

