


home





































southern pride tree farm


home
live oaks

tree varieties
southern live oaks
live oak cultivars
cultivar seedlings


availability
qrs guarantee
resources

ordering faqs
live oak tree faqs
selecting trees
live oak benefits
history of live oaks
characteristics 
interesting facts


learning center

gallery
dig & prep
tree packing
planting & care
large tree benefits


contact us


















southern live oaks









live oak cultivars









 cultivar seedlings









live oak tree availability











welcome to southern pride tree farm 
the highest quality live oaks since 1990
for over 30 years southern pride tree farm  specialized in  growing and sales of the strongest most beautiful big specimen live oak trees in the industry.  we also have access to other quality  wholesale growers to provide our customers with a wide variety of trees, sizes and prices to add to their live oak tree order.  the question "where can i buy   big live oak tree/s?" or any big specimen tree is answered by only a few growers  who meet the  correct strength pruning and deep healthy root system standards as you would expect from southern pride tree farm. southern pride tree farm supplies our customers with the healthiest, highest-quality, most beautiful hand cared  for live oak trees  direct from the grower. 

              since 1990 the live oaks for sale from southern pride tree farm have been planted in quality  landscaping projects at private homes, communities, golf courses, industrial  and commercial developments, city beautification projects and more. our customers are  landscape design professionals, builders, contractors, city and county municipalitles, homeowners, landscapers, tree installation companies and others. live oaks are considered the perfect landscape tree, the perfect shade tree, as  well as the most beautiful natural privacy tree. live oaks   are grown in florida and are for sale to ship to customers in florida, alabama, mississippi,  louisiana, texas, georgia, and coastal north carolina, south carolina and  virginia landscape projects.
live oaks overview



you might also be interested in






selecting mature live oaks









live oak characteristics









live oak faqs









planting & care guides












interested in our live oaks?
call us today!
telephone: (386) 935-3636















 © privacy policy | site map



website by terry l gray



