
















professional law enforcement association | legal defense | hr 218 | plea






























































about us

about
board


member resources

make a payment
submit a document
change/add my ad&d beneficiary
change of address
retail network discounts
summary plan description
phone consultation sign up
premium supplemental


claims

make a claim
police attorney coordinator


attorneys

find an attorney
recommend an attorney


foundation
call today! 800.367.4321








call today! 800.367.4321














individual
group
teamlegal
hr 218
prepaid legal
qualified immunity insurance




















individual coverage
group coverage
teamlegal
hr 218 coverage
member resources
find an attorney
recommend an attorney
about
board
foundation







you protect the public…
we protect you!





we stand ready to serve you!


we are living in a litigious society, and the cost to defend oneself in court is high. in addition, criminal or civil charges can take all your savings for legal fees, even if you are not guilty as charged!
thankfully, the professional law enforcement association offers outstanding legal defense protection which will give you the peace of mind, as well as provide the protection for you and your family, should you be involved in a duty-related incident.
even if your employer provides an attorney, plea will send an attorney to monitor the proceedings to make sure you are personally protected.








founded in
1995


paid out over
$10 million


lifetime number of claims
8,650


lifetime officers enrolled
39,000









my name is cpl. alexander and i have been a member of plea for over 3 years now. i recently had to use plea for an administrative issue. i was totally in the right, and had done nothing wrong. i exhausted all chain of command options and the department withheld their decision without any evidence or witnesses. i first thought that i didn’t want to “rock the boat” to stand up for what is right. this unfounded disciplinary action taken against me caused me to lose further advancement in which i applied as well as money per year. this was causing me undue stress and me feeling uncomfortable at work along with a loss of money.

i then called plea and spoke directly to leslie. i explained the whole situation and with no delay i was able to contact a local attorney. i was given an initial consultation and the well known law firm took my case. this relieved me from all the undue stress i was enduring and put my mind at ease to know the attorney was working my case. i was able to stay focused on my job which is where any law enforcement officers mind needs to be at all times. thanks to plea i am now able to have a free mind, stay focused on the job, and this makes my homelife better with me not worrying about the case. i would recommend anyone in law enforcement to get plea, its an insurance that gives you a great piece of mind. the staff at plea have always been readily available when i call them even for the smallest question. they have covered the expenses. awesome president and staff. thank you.
– cpl. richard alexander



i would like to personally thank your organization for helping me out and i would really like to thank attorney marty white. mr. white was nothing short of outstanding. being with my department for almost 20 years, i have seen and met a few attorneys along the way. i have never met an attorney that cared more about the people he protects than marty white. he did an outstanding job in my ia defense and is probably the reason i was not suspended.

i have never seen an attorney so prepared and so on point, it made me feel really secure and i felt that i was being represented the best that i possible could be. thank you for linking me up with marty white and i will always be a loyal plea member. i try and get every trooper i know to sign up with your organization. have a good day. and once again thank you…
– plea member from florida


i just wanted to drop you a quick note and thank you for your company and what you provide. in a very unpeaceful time the comfort that we are covered with plea is priceless. i have sang your praises to many officers, at least a few of which i know have signed up with you. when this wraps up i look forward to leaving a glowing review, video testimonial, or whatever my family and i can do. thank you again for providing my family and i a source of peace during this time.
– a satisfied plea customer in in


joining plea has been one of the best decisions our lodge has made. members feel more secure with plea on their side. things are simple and efficient; and representatives are friendly and helpful. thank you plea.

 







get covered now






individuals
$220 annually



legal defense will protect you from civil, criminal and administrative incidents that affect you personally while working as a law enforcement professional.


find out more 

 





groups
$190 annually per member (5 or more)



if you are a member of a group, lodge, association, etc. or have 5 or more law enforcement professionals interested in legal defense coverage, join today as a group and each member will save 20%.


find out more 

 






hr 218 plan
as a retired law enforcement professional or an off-duty officer, who is still qualified to carry a weapon, you can enroll in hr218 legal defense to cover yourself against high legal costs for civil / criminal incidents while protecting yourself and others.

find out more







join our newsletter!











how to reach us:
professional law enforcement association
p.o. box 82263rochester, mi 48308-2263


 248.588.8989   info@plea.net


 check us out on facebook
contact us 





legal
all rights reserved. all text, images, graphics, animation, videos, music, sounds, and other materials on this website are subject to the copyrights and other intellectual property rights of the professional law enforcement association, its affiliates, licensors and/or licensees. the professional law enforcement association owns the copyrights in the selection, coordination, and arrangement of the materials on this site. these materials may not be copied for commercial use or distribution, nor may these materials be modified or reposted to other sites.







copyright © 2025 professional law enforcement association.







copyright © 2025 professional law enforcement association.
















