









maui vacation lodging - maui honeymoon cottage
















































 












toggle navigation







home
maui  activities 

maui lu’aus
south maui
road to hana
the north shore
haleakala – house of the sun


maui links
sitemap
cottage website
 




maui vacation lodging
a memorable maui vacation experience








maui honeymoon cottage




hookipa bayview cottage
 
call 808 575 7888




			
			honeymoon cottage rates		




private romantic maui honeymoon cottage panoramic sunset / ocean view north shore maui vacation lodging


maui permit #bbph2009/0002 | hawaii permit #sup2 2002/0005
hookipa bayview cottage private romantic guest house



dramatic, panoramic ocean-sunset-coastline views


spectacular maui north shore setting overlooking peaceful lush jungle gorge with views out to hookipa bay and beyond.


secluded in a beautiful tropical setting on a resplendent 2 acre estate.


beautiful, comfortable tropical decor' and luxurious super comfortable king-size bed.


high architectural open-beam ceilings and wood floors

wraparound lanai for outdoor dining and relaxing.

conveniently located to beaches for swimming, snorkeling, surfing, windsurfing and kite boarding


excellent boutique shopping and restaurants in nearby makawao (art center) and colorful paia


convenient for adventures to haleakala and the road to hana


our guest house is one of maui’s finest vacation rentals…perfect for a romantic honeymoon, memorable maui vacation or windsurfing lodging


1250 kauhikoa rd, haiku-maui, hawaii 96708




			
			honeymoon cottage website		




maui vacation rental cottage
hookipa bayview cottage
maui cottage rental
for more cottage photos and info click here





			
			visit the hookipa bayview website		




deep soaking tub for 2

relax outdoors on the covered lanai (deck) surrounded by nature in your private, extra deep, extra long and extra wide, super comfortable, luxurious soaking tub designed for 2.
enjoy the view overlooking the peaceful valley below and out to the ocean and coastline . . . the sunsets . . . the moon and stars . . . the city lights . . . the lush tropical landscaping . . . the twinkling candles and the romantic ambiance.
relax and unwind after your fun day of maui adventures and activities. bathe by twinkling candlelight in your private, relaxing oasis designed to provide a soothing, sensual experience.





			
			more soaking tub info		





very private side-by-side
luxurious soft rain shower and adjustable height, multi-stream shower, (removes for handheld) are both hot and cold. be one with nature in this very private and secluded, idyllic garden of eden setting. shower together in the warm maui sunshine or under the stars at night while enjoying the clouds floating by in the moonlight. showers are only a few steps to the private sundeck.




			
			more shower info		


  
 

 







contact us




























2021 maui vacation lodging





 

















