







home - the children’s cancer foundation





























































































skip to content



the
children’s
cancer
foundation, inc.meet our heroesapply for a grantdonatethe children’s
cancer foundation, inc.meet our heroesapply for a grantdonatethe children’s
cancer foundation, inc.meet our heroesapply for a grantdonatemenuwho we aremission and historyboard of directorsscientific advisory boardfinancials and reportsstaff and contactwhat we doresearch awardsnextgen awardprogram awardsresearch symposiumapply for a grantlocal collaborationwhy we do itmeet our heroesstatisticsvideosresourceshow to helpdonatebecome a sponsorhost an eventvolunteernewseventsgalaresearch symposiumholiday partymenuwho we aremission and historyboard of directorsscientific advisory boardfinancials and reportsstaff and contactwhat we doresearch awardsnextgen awardprogram awardsresearch symposiumapply for a grantlocal collaborationwhy we do itmeet our heroesstatisticsvideosresourceshow to helpdonatebecome a sponsorhost an eventvolunteernewseventsgalaresearch symposiumholiday party
 
 





why local? 
								save lives 
								investing locally to 
cure childhood cancer 
								the children’s cancer foundation, inc (ccf) has raised over $43 million for local researchers, hospitals, and programs to ensure all children a healthy cancer-free future.

serving the maryland, d.c. and northern virginia region since 1983. 
								kori 
							


 





 




homesite-admin2025-02-13t13:11:07-05:00 
research & program grantscall for proposals now open
ccf research symposium june 4, 2025calling for abstracts
donatemake a gift and make an impact
our inspirationmeet our heroes

  

noah kabiacatonsville, md
by age eight, noah beat cancer, just like he beat his drums


  

cameron cornopotomac, md
fighting brain cancer is just one part of this big sister's life


  

hannah beannew market, md
fighting cancer never curbed her creative streak


  

grace callwoodabingdon, md
survival prompted her to dedicate her life to giving back
what we do
transforming how we treat childhood cancer advancing innovative researchwe provide direct grants to local researchers discovering improved treatments and cures
 funding impactful programswe support local programs offering screenings or services that improve the lives of cancer fighters and their families
 building a collaborative communitywe bring local businesses, families, doctors and donors together to raise awareness and strengthen funding for research and programs
get involvedways you can helpwhether you are part of a company, a club, or a family, there are many ways to contribute to ccf’s mission!
become a sponsordoes your business or organization want to partner with us? there are many ways to show support for ccf!
host an eventdo you have a creative idea to bring your school, club, or association together to raise funds for childhood cancer research?
volunteerare you interested in donating your time by helping at events throughout the year?
donatewhether making a traditional gift, or gifts in-kind, every bit makes a difference.
latest newsccf in the communitylearn where we’ve been, what we’ve been doing, and who we’ve seen. read all of our latest news.
 cyndi ireland joins ccf board of directorsfebruary 13, 2025  the children’s cancer foundation, inc. (ccf) is pleased to announce that cyndi ireland of just ice tea has joined the board of directors.... read more >
 ccf opens 2025 call for proposalsfebruary 5, 2025  the children’s cancer foundation, inc. (ccf) is pleased to announce that its 2025 call for proposals is open. deadline for submission is may... read more >
weis markets and shoppers support pediatric cancer researchfebruary 3, 2025  the children’s cancer foundation, inc. (ccf) is a proud beneficiary of the weis markets in-store fundraising campaign. during the month of december, weis... read more >
read more news



 
 
join our communitysubscribe to get ccf news to your inbox or visit us on social!
email (required) *select list(s) to subscribe togeneral interest example: yes, i would like to receive emails from the children’s cancer foundation. (you can unsubscribe anytime)constant contact use. please leave this field blank.by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: the children’s cancer foundation. you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the safeunsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. emails are serviced by constant contact
  
thank you to our generous sponsorsview all sponsors   the children's cancer foundation, inc. (ccf) is an independent nonprofit committed to funding locally-based researchers, programs and facilities until every child is assured a healthy cancer-free future.
useful links
privacy policyccf policiesfinancialsccf board portaltax id number is 52-1319756
contact
5570 sterrett place, suite 204
columbia, maryland 21044
phone: (443) 546-4479
© copyright 2012 - 2025
  

 
 
page load link























go to top





