




efundraising : fundraise online with magazines, gifts & much more! :  












































toggle navigation







how it works
find a group
contact us
1-800-443-5353













how it works
find a group
contact us
1-800-443-5353





















how it works






give us the information for your personalized store
just click on "start my fundraising campaign" and follow the simple steps



sit tight
in the next 24 hours you'll receive an email with the link to your store



make 40% profit
your store will be loaded with popular magazines, including titles like people and sports illustrated and with cool gift items. there's something for everyone, and the best part you can keep 40% profit











create your online store




start now





what do i get with my online fundraising store?

your own online fundraising store personalized with your own logo, photos and text. we build it for you for free.
100% online fundraising store offering a wide variety of popular magazines and gifts.
all items are shipped directly to your supporters! no hassle!
get reports about your sales and profits earned





your personalized online fundraising store stays open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week!












start my fundraising campaign


start my fundraising campaign










sign up for free






 sign up with email












×close
hooray





                                sit tight! we’re preparing your own personalized store and we’ll send you the link via email in the next 24 hours.
                                your on your way to raising funds the easy way!
if after 24 hours you don’t see the email, please check your spam folder. you can always give us a call at 1-800-443-5353 or email us at info@fundraising.com
















                                    happy communities
                                


                                    what people say
                                













peter campbell

football coach, santa ana california










                                this way of raising funds is great, kids are so used to doing everything online that they were very comfortable and happy to run the fundraiser through efundraising and to share it on facebook.
                            







$750k

raised last year


+730k

campaigns launched


+450k

visitors on our website


+29k

users registered


40%

profit in your pocket












welcome back







email address



password





                                    remember me
                                



 sending your information...


                                    {{responsetext}}

 log in


i can't remember my password





















