








home - the animal nanny
















































































































































menu



home
about the animal nanny
pet sitting—cats
pet sitting—dogs
dog walking
faq
schedule service
client reviews
jobs
new client inquiry form
contact
































 















let our team be there when you can’t be
professional dog walking & pet sitting for your animals.
peace of mind for you.
more than pet sitters or dog walkers, we’re animal nannies



















the animal nanny approach to pet sitting






for traveling tri city, tri valley, and san francisco pet parents






we don’t just make sure your animals are fed, watered, and pottied. we provide comfort and stress reduction for your animals while you’re away, for their physical and mental health and your peace of mind.
for us, it’s about relationship—a bond with your animal and a commitment to you.







my dog needs an animal nanny pet sitter









my cat needs an animal nanny pet sitter

























the animal nanny approach to dog walking






for busy tri city, tri valley, and san francisco pet parents






in an unregulated industry, you need to know your dog is in safe, skilled, trustworthy hands. the animal nanny dog walkers walk the extra mile to make sure your dog has a great day while you work to bring home her bacon (or kibble).
we’ll take the day’s dog walk off your to-do list, and lighten your worry list, too.







my dog needs an animal nanny dog walker























what is an animal nanny?






animal nannies:










are skilled, professional pet sitters and dog walkers you can rely on and truly trust. 










are always there for you and your animals, no matter the situation or timing. 










provide warm, nurturing care for your animals, and the highest level of customer care and service to you. 










hold relationships with their two- and four-legged clients in the highest regard. 















































the animal nanny principles


















customer service






we care about your peace of mind and needs as much as we do your pet’s. you’ll find us responsive, reliable, and the perfect balance of professional and friendly.



















integrity






we always do what we say we’ll do—and often more. we employ strict quality control oversight and accountability measures to make sure that happens, as we value our word.



















excellence






when entrusted with the care of living creatures it’s not enough to do the work well; we hold ourselves to the highest standards of animal care in everything we do.



















a team approach






our unique team approach allows for a next-nanny-up response to emergencies. and that means we’re always there for you, even if your regular nanny can’t be.





































owner marna stein






marna has well over two decades of experience in the animal care field. she began her career as a registered veterinary technician, from which she brings specialized skills that allow our nannies to administer a wide range of medications, including injections and subcutaneous fluids. marna also applies her emergency management experience to the work of our animal nannies, ensuring the care of your animals under any circumstance.







learn more























"…it is a true comfort to us to know that while we are away that catherine, or andrea, or kathy or yourself are taking such kind, good care of our dogs… thank you to you & your teams for your wonderful, thoughtful service."
–the ryans, san francisco, ca


















ready for your own animal nanny?






click here to email us to schedule your phone chat and free consult >
click here to fill out our new client inquiry form >









 














 dog walking and pet sitting in fremont, union city, newark, and hayward
dog walking and pet sitting in livermore,  pleasanton, san ramon, and dublin
dog walking and pet sitting in san francisco

 









 pet sitting and dog walking in fremont, newark, union city, and hayward
510.574.0835

 







 pet sitting and dog walking in pleasanton, san ramon, dublin, and livermore
925.264.7697

 







 pet sitting and dog walking in san francisco
415.387.1100

 
























©2025 the animal nanny. special thanks to mark rogers photography for allowing us to use his great photographs on our site.
phoenix website design by jc creative









 





