






illinois project for local assessment of needs (iplan)




























illinois department ofpublic health






illinois project forlocal assessment of needs








					 iplan data system                »
					
					
				

					
											
					 share                                           »
					
					
					
					 resources                                 »
					
					 faqs                              

					 contact us                              

					 browser tips                              

					 illinois brfss data           







february 16, 11:35 am 



users online:  21

					visit count since 03/02/98:
					

























printer page 








home 

















faqs 








contact us


















 iplan data system 



 county-level report
 county summary report
 community-level report
 community summary report

 indicator details
 changes from icd-9 to icd-10 
 about the data system




|

 share 








|

 resources 




 iplan training
 iplan process

 administrative code
 other links




  






jump to
							
iplan data system
							 · county-level report
							 · county summary report 
							 · community-level report
							 · community summary report
							
													
							 · indicator details
							 · changes from icd-9 to icd-10
							    · estimated comparability ratios 
							 · about the data system
							
share
							

resources
				
 · iplan training
							 · iplan process

 · administrative code
							 · other links
							
faqs

contact us

browser tips
							
 illinois brfss data							
						 
						




























iquery - the next generation of iplan data system




08/01/2012
iquery is a web-based data query system for collecting and disseminating public health data. a primary goal of iquery is to expand the capability of the iplan data system by offering tools that data managers can use in adding and managing data and improving the functionalities for searching, presenting and analyzing public health data. to access iquery, click https://iquery.illinois.gov. note: the iplan site is for historical data purposes only. please go to iquery for current data.
								













what is iplan?


								the illinois project for local assessment of needs (iplan) is a 
								community health assessment and planning process that is conducted
								every five years by local health jurisdictions in illinois.  
								based on the assessment protocol for excellence in public health (apex-ph) model,
								iplan is grounded in the core functions of public health and addresses
								public health practice standards.  the completion of iplan
								fulfills most of the requirements for local health department
								certification under illinois administrative code section 600.400: 
								certified local health department code public health practice standards.
								the essential elements of iplan are: 
								
an organizational capacity assessment;
a community health needs assessment; and 
a community health plan, focusing on a minimum of three priority health problems.











iplan news







measuring community health improvement implementation   09/03/2013 in this time of limited resources, it is becoming increasingly important that we are able to demonstrate the impact of our work. of equal importance is documenting the processes we collectively take toward achieving this impact. iplan requires that health departments include measureable outcome and impact objectives for each health priority selected in their community health improvement plans (chip). because impact and outcome objectives often take a substantial amount of time and resources to show results, process measures can help provide accountability and ensure that implementation plans are on track to meet goals. this webinar discusses how health departments can monitor progress and measure results in a meaningful way by developing good impact and outcome measures to document success, and process measures to track achievements along the way.  more...










partnering for chna and iplan   08/02/2013according to the patient protection and affordable care act of 2010, section 501(r) (3) requires non-profit hospitals to conduct a chna at least once every three years and adopt an implementation strategy to meet the community health needs identified through the chna. the chna must take into account input from persons who represent the broad interests of the community served by the hospital facility, including those with special knowledge of or expertise in public health. more...










developing a health department strategic plan: organizational capacity assessment   02/26/2013 this workshop will provide a comprehensive overview of the strategic planning process including how-to tips and tools as well as examples from other health department strategic planning processes. while this webinar is targeted to health departments, it offers valuable information on the strategic planning process for non-profit organizations as well. participants will leave the webinar with resources and step-by-step process to develop an organizational strategic plan that meets state and national guidelines. more...










turning data into information, part 2   03/20/2013 the two-part "turning data into information" webinar will share practical approaches and resources for local health departments (lhds) related to data analysis, interpretation and presentation. this introduction to public health data analysis will focus on how to turn raw community health assessment data into useful information and using data to tell a story. more...










turning data into information, part 1   02/22/2013 the two-part "turning data into information" webinar will share practical approaches and resources for local health departments (lhds) related to data analysis, interpretation and presentation. this introduction to public health data analysis will focus on how to turn raw community health assessment data into useful information and using data to tell a story. more...














		illinois dept. of public health
		division of health data and policy 
		iplan section
		217-785-1064
		

		springfield, illinois u.s.a.
		





















