























support to quit smoking | ontario.ca




















      skip to main content
    






ontario.ca needs javascript to function properly and provide you with a fast, stable experience.


to have a better experience, you need to:

go to your browser's settings
enable javascript
 









ontario.ca homepage







search



submit










français
fr






search





menu




close












menu




arts and culture


business and economy


covid-19


driving and roads


education and training


environment and energy


government


health and wellness


home and community


jobs and employment


law and safety


rural and north


taxes and benefits


travel and recreation












 






home


health and wellness














support to quit smoking


first attempts are often unsuccessful. you know this already if you’ve tried to quit smoking. find support to make your next attempt the one that sticks.







  on this page
  skip this page navigation









medical treatmentyou’ve seen people chewing gum. someone rolls up their sleeve to reveal a patch.nicotine-replacement products reduce withdrawal symptoms. talk to your doctor, nurse practitioner or pharmacist about these over-the-counter products or about a prescription that can help you quit smoking for good. some drugs – what’s in the patch, for example – can help increase your chances of success.find pharmacies in your neighbourhood.ontario drug benefit recipientsthe ontario drug benefit includes coverage to help you quit smoking:up to a year of pharmacist-assisted counselling (talk to your pharmacist or health care provider)drugs (champix or zyban) if you are age 18 years or oldercold turkeycold turkey is not for everyone. (maybe you’ve tried.) some people can pick a date and time to quit –and stick to it. they stop lighting up and live with the effects of nicotine withdrawal, with no help at all.tips to help you quitif you’re still trying to decide between quitting gradually, counselling and support groups, or medical treatment, try some simple tips.make liststry making a list of the:situations when you smoke to help you identify what triggers you to light upbenefits you see in quitting and keeping it handy so you can re-read itactivities you picture yourself doing instead of smoking, like going for a walk or runget movingexercise relaxes the mind and body, and helps repair some of the damage smoking has done to your health.avoid triggersfigure out what situations make you crave a cigarette and try to avoid or change them. if you usually:smoke while drinking coffee, try tea or water insteadsmoke at parties, try to avoid them until you feel confident about enjoying these occasions without smokingreduce cravingstry these simple activities – even if they sound too simple – to reduce your nicotine-craving:breathe deeply to help yourself relaxdrink water to keep your hands and mouth busy (it helps flush the toxins from your system, and you can raise a glass to your success)health canada guideswhether it’s your first or fifth attempt to quit smoking, health canada’s guides will help you get on the road to quitting.counselling and support groupstalk to your doctor about getting individual counselling or joining a support group. you can also:contact your local public health unitvisit health811 online or call 811 for supports to help you quit smokingvisit the smokers’ helpline website to register for online programs and text-message supportcoming up with strategies to quit or sharing stories about quitting may be what you need to succeed.quit graduallyyou may find it easier to quit gradually. smoke less often, smoke fewer cigarettes in a row or try to go longer between smokes. some people battle the addiction by developing new habits:using matches instead of a lighter because they run out sooner and are harder to lightputting cigarettes in an out-of-the-way spot instead of having them on you, so you have to go get thembutting out after half a cigarette instead of finishing itdelaying your first smoke of the day by an hour and then adding another 15 minutes to the time before the next one, a half hour to the next and so onto quit gradually, write down a plan and stick to it. writing down why you want to quit, and how you’ll do it, makes it more real. you’ll be more committed.being more committed, you’ll probably want to talk to other people who get it: former smokers whose own attempts seemed destined to fail – but weren’t.talking to friends and co-workers, you may find a buddy – someone who wants to quit with you, who’ll help you stick to the plan.quitting is personaleveryone benefits – right away and over time – when they quit smoking. but quitting is personal. only you’ll know what works for you.that doesn’t mean you’re alone in making this decision. more and more people are choosing to quit. look at these numbers from the centre for addiction and mental health:in 2014, 43% smokers aged 18+ made a serious attempt at quitting (going without smoking for at least 24 hours) in the past yearin 2014, 32% of smokers 18+ said they intended to quit in the next 30 days, up from 23% the year beforeimmediate benefitsas soon as you stop smoking, you start to feel better.20 minutes:your blood pressure and pulse to return to normal. 24 hours:your risk of heart attack starts to drop. 14 days:your circulation increases. the airways in your lungs relax.longer-term benefits of quittingthe longer you go without a cigarette, the better it gets:1 to 9 monthsyou cough less and your lungs work better. 1 yearyour added risk of smoking-related heart disease or stroke is cut in half. 5 yearsyour risk of stroke is the same as someone who never smoked. 10 yearsyour risk of dying of lung cancer is much lower. 15 yearsyour risk of heart disease is similar to a non-smoker. 





          related information


smokers’ helpline: a website to register for online programs and text-message supportcamh programs: nicotine clinics and treatment programssmoke-free ontario: rules around tobaccoindigenous tobacco program






updated: march 19, 2024


published: march 13, 2017

















ministry of health



the ministry of health works to help people stay healthy, delivering high-quality care when they need it and protecting the health system for future generations.






questions or comments
there are many ways to contact the government of ontario.

          contact us
        








about ontario


accessibility


news


privacy


terms of use





          © king’s printer for ontario, 2012–to25
         

































      top
    


