




department of psychology



















































visit
apply
give























visit
apply
give


menu











menu














admission

+




admission
undergraduate
online
transfer
international
graduate/professional
college credit plus
guest
admitted/new rocket


academics

+




explore majors and programs
academic colleges
arts and letters
business and innovation
education
engineering
graduate studies
health and human services
honors
law
medicine and life sciences
natural sciences and mathematics
nursing
pharmacy and pharmaceutical sciences
university college


research

+




areas of research excellence
research news
research and sponsored programs
tech transfer
research compliance
human research protection program
economic development


about

+




about utoledo
mission
administration
accreditation
diversity
student outcomes
expression on campus


athletics
alumni
utoledo health
giving
myut




main menu
department of psychology menu

home
undergraduate
graduate
research
people
clinic
diversity


utoledo psychology dept

psychology dept home
contacts
department news
psyconnect newsletter
about utoledo
about toledo
error processing ssi file



contact us
main campus


mail stop #948â 2801 west bancroft streetuniversity of toledotoledo, ohio 43606-3390main office phone: 419.530.2717main office fax: 419.530.8479psychology clinic phone: 419.530.2721psychology clinic fax: 419.530.2959








department of psychology






department of psychology


located in university hall, the picturesque clock tower building on the main campus,
                  the department of psychology at the university of toledo houses the most popular undergraduate
                  major in the college of arts and letters: our nationally-ranked b.a. in psychology
                  (us news and world report). in addition, we have two nationally-ranked doctoral programs
                  in clinical and experimental psychology.
faculty in the department are nationally- and internationally-renowned researchers,
                  clinicians, and educators invested in advancing the science and practice of psychology,
                  conducting and disseminating cutting-edge basic, applied, and translational research,
                  and providing a high-quality educational experience for both undergraduate and graduate
                  students.
our b.a. in psychology provides both didactic and experiential learning courses. students
                  have opportunities for hands-on research and externship experiences specific to the
                  students goals. our mission is to provide students with rigorous training in the science
                  of psychology by presenting historical and contemporary research on human and animal
                  behavior. students in psychology courses learn to problem-solve and think critically
                  about human behavior, as well as to relate psychological principles to everyday living.
our graduate program features a nationally-ranked and apa-accredited clinical psychology doctoral program, as well as a nationally-ranked experimental doctoral program that provides training in social psychology, developmental psychology, cognitive
                  psychology, and psychobiology and learning. students in both programs also have multiple
                  opportunities for advanced integrative training in clinical and experimental psychology
                  through our joint mentoring program and minor specializations in quantitative psychology, health psychology, and experimental psychopathology.
                  our goal across both programs is to provide superior training in psychological research
                  methods, statistical procedures, and psychological theory, with additional training
                  in the science and empirically-supported practice of clinical psychology provided
                  to clinical students. in addition, an emphasis is placed on the application of research
                  to clinically-relevant problems and behaviors.
we invite you to explore our website and discover all of the exciting opportunities
                  for both undergraduate and graduate students in our department. please click on the
                  menu on the top right-hand side of this page to learn more about our undergraduate
                  and graduate programs in psychology, the faculty in our department, and the innovative
                  research currently being conducted.
application deadline for the clinical psychology doctoral program - december 1 (for admission the following fall semester)â (how to apply)application deadline for the experimental psychology doctoral program - december 1
                     (for admission the following fall semester)â â (how to apply)
check us out on twitter!
are you interested in supporting the university of toledo psychology department? please
                     consider making a donation to the psychology progress fund through the university of toledo foundation.
scholarships are available for ongoing majors in the university of toledo department
                        of psychology. additional information on these opportunities is provided on our undergraduate program webpage.â 





prospective undergraduates
 
current undergraduates

â 



















© 2020 the university of toledo • 2801 w. bancroft st. • toledo, oh 43606 • 800.586.5336
a - z list | careers | report a concern | nondiscrimination | accessibility | web privacy | feedback | contact us


last updated: 7/15/24
