










the big picture website



 




















the big picture







home



                                        services
                                    


private readings
editing services




                                        movies
                                    

the vibrational universe movie
the evolution of consciousness movie
the unity of spirit and matter movie
the law of attraction explained movie


blog
geometry

articles 

science and spirituality
politics and spirituality
evolution of human consciousness
the vibrational universe
the law of attraction
life solutions
spirit-mind-body

transcending problems
what is truth?



ebooks



























 
 





get inside the mind of nature
discover the simple but powerful mathematics of the underlying geometric figures that shape our world
ebook
softcover


the vibrational universe
why do some people succeed and others fail?
ebook
softcover


new! the intervention
the galaxy has discovered spaceship earth
ebook 


the history of the future
what would happen if humanity embraces transhumanism?
ebook 


the old soul
follow wa-hee on his/her 200,000- year journey on planet earth
ebook 


tesla's lost notebook
a former lockheed scientist finds the long lost personal notebook of the great nikola tesla
ebook








 
 dark vs. light
the battle for planet earth is on!
just as prophecy foretold, during the end times a battle for the hearts and the souls of humanity will be fought between the dark and the light. it's happening right now.
intolerance is at an all-time high. it looks as if the world is going down the toilet.
not so!
this planet is going through a shift in consciousness as the entire human family wakes up. as light penetrates the darkness, chaos results. the darkness that was hidden for thousands of years comes to the surface. gloom-and-doomers predict the end of the world.
well, it is the end of the world. it's the end of the old world based on greed,  coercion, and endless war.
we don't get to magically move through this without dealing with it. thousands of years of karma are being resolved. everyone who has ever incarnated on earth is here now. we have to expose the darkness, confront it, and deal with it. the way out of the mess is through it! that's what old souls and lightworkeres are here for.
the new world
the new world will not be a new version of the old one. we are headed into uncharted territory. things will occur that no one has ever seen before. 
change causes fear because, in the old energy, change just meant more bad stuff. during the shift we will see plenty of bad things being exposed: drug running, arms trafficking, human trafficking, satanism, and pedophilia. the world, which has been in darkness, is coming into the light.
those who are not awakened yet are influenced by loudly shouted emotional arguments and debate. the one with the loudest voice gets the media attention. but the real action is on the inner plane. events in the outer plane (the physical world) manifest based on the status of humanity's co-creative consciousness. that which is decided upon on the inner plane shows itself in action in the outer world. the need to identify the dark actors has never been greater. the need for tolerance and compassion has never been greater. 
universal laws supersede man-made laws
how can we make sense of a world gone mad? by applying bedrock universal principles that have been known for thousands of years.
universal laws apply to every situation in life. that's what this website is about. there are a few universal principles that have been identified down through the ages. applying them to daily life makes sense out of complicated and impossible situations, and allows for a resolution on a personal level. 
deep within us is the latent understanding of our spiritual origins, and the existence of universal laws that are based upon the quintessential unity of spirit and matter. these laws unfold from an underlying, but invisible substrate that permeates and composes all things. quantum physicist david bohm calls this invisible substrate the implicate order, and says
 "there is a universal flux that cannot be defined explicitly, but which can be known only implicitly, as indicated by the explicitly definable forms and shapes, some stable and some unstable, that can be abstracted from the universal flux. in this flow, [which bohm calls the holomovement] mind and matter are not separate substances. rather, they are different aspects of one whole and unbroken movement." -- david bohm, wholeness and the implicate order(p. 14)
 if there are universal principles, they must be senior to man-made laws. they must apply everywhere, to all persons regardless of their social or economic status. those who have somehow (even unknowingly) glommed onto them become successful. those who ignore them, fail.
the second mission of this website is to describe these universal principles in a practical context, and how they can be used realistically in life for happiness and success. 
it doesn't matter if you are a trained scientist or a high school dropout; a successful businesswoman or a homemaker; a teacher or a student. the quality of your life in every area reflects how successful you have been in applying them. apparently, universal laws transcend man-made laws. that is why a wealthy person can be miserable; and a poor person happy. 
fortunately, millions of people on our planet are waking up to the idea that life transcends the electromagnetic impulses from our body's receptor cells. the evolution of consciousness on planet earth is why the forces of darkness are fighting so hard to return to the old ways. it is also gradually  returning us to a unified view of life and the universe that is in greater alignment with universal principles.
this idea is at the core of everything on this web site. the articles, ebooks, and movies here outline the higher potential for individuals, the human race, and the planet. 
explore the site!
    read the articles. see the movies on youtube (links on menu bar). check out  the ebooks and the courses. study  the geometry pages.  participate in the harmony project.
 enjoy!
 

update
 ken has published nine novels.
 ken's latest"the intervention"the galaxy has discovered spaceship earth.
 "the history of the future"what would happen if humanity embraces transhumanism?
 "the old soul"the old soul follows the journey of wa-hee, an original soul, on his/her 200,000-year journey  of reincarnation on planet earth
 "tesla's lost notebook" available in ebook or paperback. former lockheed scientist max berglin discovers nikola tesla's personal notebook, lost just after the great inventor died in 1943. in it are blueprints for the extraction of cosmic energy. when max develops a device that can power homes and factories independent of the grid, the world is turned upside down.
  "the manchild" available in ebook and paperback. psychic genius marcus riley opvercomes cocaine addiction to help defeat a rogue black program that is threatening the earth.
 "the end of the universe" available in ebook or in paperback.  when the brilliant scientist jack martins invents the world's first spherical hologram, he discovers that our so-called "reality" is merely a sophisticated holographic illusion!
 "beyond the beginning"  is an exploration of the potentials of consciousness and the remarkable and untapped abilities of the individual human being.  when social outcasts john frankel and his girlfriend genevieve walters discover a mysterious book of runes in the arcana section of their local  bookstore, they discover that the book is actually a manual that describes a powerful meditation which releases their untapped potential. john and genevieve travel to a research station at the end of the universe, where they discover that earth changes are a small subset of a massive universal upheaval! available in ebook and paperback
  "miracles can happen.". can a child's love overcome a father's depression after the tragic death of his wife?
 "i love you dad"conversations with my father after he died!
see all of ken's books at  ken's product page

 












 things to do 



                                        ebooks and courses



                                        private readings



                                        the harmony project






                                    the big picture newsletter


a new newsletter will be posted on the first of each month.
click the link below to see all newsletters since 2006  
  newsletters  







                                    ken's substack

get email notifications from my substack when new posts come out






inspirational movies

the law of attraction explained  

the unity of spirit and matter

the vibrational universe 

the evolution of consciousness 






"true love is empowering people to see their greater potential"
                                --- john payne 

 
 
 
 


website and all contents copyright ©kenneth j. m. maclean
if you would like to post articles from this website in your magazine, e-zine, or website please contact the author at  kmaclean_at_kjmaclean_dot_com. 
if you liked the material on this site, donate to keep it going. i will never accept advertising on this site.







the big picture
 our lives are dominated by the humdrum of everyday life but behind that mask lies our higher potential.
at the big picture we look beyond the commonplace and rationally into the realm of spirit and metaphysics.





useful links
free ebooks 
meet ken 
privacy policy 
about us
links to helpful websites 
global cooling 




contact us
 the big picture 
                                        5976 leland dr. 
                                        ann arbor, mi 48105
tel: (734) 223-4933
email: kmaclean_at_kjmaclean_dot_com














