





  




heath village - a non-profit, full-service senior retirement community





















hackettstown, nj 07840 |
call (908) 852-4801  |
  |
request information  |
careers  |
covid update  |
payments













about us

heath village

 an overview
 clarence w. sickles friendship fund
friendship center
memberships


news & publications

 news
 the voice newsletter
 annual report
 nursing home financial reporting


 staff
 frequently asked questions
 campus map



independent living

campus apartments

services & amenities

amenities
 activities

activities overview
activity schedule
fitness schedule
clubs-organizations


 dining
guest accommodations
transportation




daily living

amenities
 activities

activities overview
activity schedule
fitness schedule
clubs-organizations


 dining
guest accommodations
transportation


health services

 mayflower house residential health care
 the meadows nursing & rehabilitation



 sub-acute & rehab
gallery

 amenities
 outdoor campus
 special events
 activities
 heath village west





















 




















welcome to heath village retirement community

	located in scenic western, morris county on a beautiful 100+ acre campus, heath village represents an affordable choice for today’s retiree who wants to remain active, involved and independent. a non-profit, full service retirement community, heath village offers a choice of lifestyle options, first-rate amenities, numerous social opportunities and the security of comprehensive health care services on-site. we invite you to visit us today and learn more about life at our warm and wonderful community.







 events
 





	heath village hosts february village luncheon - wednesday, february 26th at 12:00 noon (click for event details)



	heath village hosts march village luncheons - wednesdays: march 5th & 19th at 12:00 noon (click for event details)



	heath village hosts free real estate seminar: making the move - march 27 at 1:00 pm (click for event details)

view all events →


spotlight
heath village - the meadows



	heath village - the meadows is our 92,000 square foot, state-of-the-art nursing and rehabilitation facility. if you or a loved one are in need of long-term or short-term care, sub-acute, rehabilitation or respite care services, please call 908-684-5221. to learn more about the meadows, please click here. additional photos of the building can be found in the gallery. to view a virtual tour of this incredible new facility, please click here: https://my.matterport.com/show/?m=vzcjcgczhuj

	 

clarence w. sickles friendship fund

2024 benefit gala



	many thanks to the generosity of our many sponsors at our clarence w. sickles friendship fund 2024 benefit gala this past friday, including all the sponsors who wish to remain anonymous. we are very grateful for all your support and contributing to the ongoing success of our friendship fund.

covid-19

please click here to learn more about heath village's response to covid-19. 

please click here for the heath village informed consent form

urgent concerns or complaints can be called into 908-684-5231.  if the concern cannot be resolved, the manager on call will be notified to intercede.



testimonials
it is beautiful and hospitable

"my husband was a recent admission to the health care center. he entered as a sub-acute rehab patient, however after a week he became a hospice patient…after two weeks he passed away…the care and attention that he received was personal, compassionate and focused on his needs…before my husband became ill, we had applied to live at heath village in an independent housing unit…it is still my hope to move in the near future. my experience with your staff in the health center confirmed my decision and desire to relocate there. i hope that heath village continues to prosper. it is a beautiful and hospitable facility." 

	 

~paula, family member and prospective new resident

everything you deserve

"heath village should really be called 'haven village' since it encompasses everything. everything you deserve - plus - is at your fingertips."

jackie, heath village resident

they go above and beyond

“…the employees here go above and beyond the call of duty. they were wonderful during all the winter storms – clearing snow and ice, sleeping over during the worst storms. we are so fortunate to have  such a great group of employees.”

~doris, heath village resident  

family day

“my parents moved into the orchard fourteen years ago. my mother has since passed away, but my father howard (age 104) now lives in mayflower. i just have to tell you how much the family enjoys “family day” at heath village. we have been attending each year and i can’t praise cindy livingstone and daisy dauch enough for all the love and care that goes into putting on this extravaganza these past nine years…the children are older now, but wouldn’t miss it for the world. this is a time when the residents treat their families to a day together and they love doing this…”

~barbara, family member of a heath village resident 

all retirees should check it out

"the recent renovations have truly made heath village the finest place in all new jersey to live.  all retirees should check it out!"

~ bob, heath village resident

view all testimonials →















              about us
            
since 1966, heath village has represented an affordable choice for retirees who want to remain active, involved and independent. a non-profit, full-service retirement community, we believe it is important to provide our residents with a living environment that fosters a meaningful life with security, dignity and fellowship. we offer a choice of lifestyle options, first-rate amenities, numerous social opportunities, and the security of comprehensive health care services on-site. heath village provides housing and health care for all people regardless of race, creed or national origin and is committed to inclusion in our community for our residents and employees. experience the meaning of exceptional senior living at heath village!



                contact us
              
heath village main campus:
430 schooley's mountain road
hackettstown, nj 07840
p - 908-852-4801
f - 908 -852-3748
click here to email us 

heath village the meadows nursing and rehabilitation facility:
451 schooley's mountain road
hackettstown, nj  07840
p - 908-979-8989
f - 908-684-5381






social media  













copyright 2019 © heath village.
























