













boys & girls clubs of greater scottsdale - home













































































































































facebookxinstagramyoutubechild safety
log in to parent portal/register
careers
 


about us

what we do
board of governors
leadership
associate board
alumni club
our partners
financials
volunteer
careers
privacy policy
calendar


locations

find a club
barker branch
lehi branch
mckee branch
peach springs branch
piper branch
red mountain branch
ridgeline academy (elementary campus)
thunderbirds branch
vestar branch


programs

register
after school
calendar
leader in training
makerspace studio
fall break
spring break camp
summer camp
sports & fitness

sports calendar


teens
youth of the year


events

celebrate youth gala
club casino
taste fore the tour
fore the kids golf classic
girls night out
kidspree
celebration of the arts exhibit
third-party events


donate

club programs
tax credit
amazon wish list
memorial/honorary gift


thrift shop
foundation
news
search




menu


menu

 






registration is open!learn moreregister todaypreviousnext12345

school year 2024-25

monday through friday, k – 12th grade. children must be at least 5 years old. spaces are limited, register today to secure your spot!


register now


find a club
boys & girls clubs of greater scottsdale has nine clubs located within scottsdale, north phoenix, fountain hills, the salt river pima-maricopa indian community, and the hualapai nation in peach springs where kids have a safe place to learn and grow when school is out. find your club and schedule a tour today.

find a club

arizona tax credit
boys & girls clubs of greater scottsdale is qualified to receive the arizona charitable tax credit. donors have until april 15, 2025, to make a contribution to the qualifying charitable organization for it to count as a credit on their 2024 taxes. donations received after april 15, 2025, may be applied to their 2025 taxes.


donate now

previousnextsupport great futures
check out the latest promotions that support boys & girls clubs of greater scottsdale.
use code bgcs to get 20% off your papa john’s online order and we’ll get 10% back.
order papa johns
fry’s donates annually to participating organizations, at no added cost to you, based on your percentage of spending as it relates to the total spending associated with all participating fry’s community rewards organizations.
link your card

   

contact us (480) 344-5520
info@bgcs.org

  

in case you missed it is a weekly email recapping what has been posted on the social media profiles of boys & girls clubs of greater scottsdale.
email *select list(s) to subscribe toicymi example: yes, i would like to receive emails from boys & girls clubs of greater scottsdale. (you can unsubscribe anytime)constant contact use. please leave this field blank. 





© copyright - boys & girls clubs of greater scottsdale | all rights reserved
facebookxinstagramyoutube






scroll to top

this site uses cookies. by continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.accept settingshide notification onlysettings

cookie and privacy settings

how we use cookieswe may request cookies to be set on your device. we use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website. 
click on the different category headings to find out more. you can also change some of your preferences. note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
essential website cookiesthese cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refusing them will have impact how our site functions. you always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. but this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
we fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. you are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. if you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
we provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. you can check these in your browser security settings.
check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. we need 2 cookies to store this setting. otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
other external serviceswe also use different external services like google webfonts, google maps, and external video providers. since these providers may collect personal data like your ip address we allow you to block them here. please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. changes will take effect once you reload the page.
google webfont settings:
click to enable/disable google webfonts.
google map settings:
click to enable/disable google maps.
google recaptcha settings:
click to enable/disable google recaptcha.
vimeo and youtube video embeds:
click to enable/disable video embeds.
privacy policyyou can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our privacy policy page. 
privacy policy
accept settingshide notification only





			close			
































































