dentist groton ct | bridgeworks family dental center             


  860-446-8744 | directions       navigation homemeet our teamservicesgeneral dentistrycosmetic dentistrydental implantsinvisalign®restorative dentistrytreatment of tmj disordersperiodontal procedurespediatric dentistrypatient infofirst visitpatient formspatient policiespatient instructionsoral health & wellnessabout periodontal diseaseearly dental caretechnologyemergencieshistory of bridgeworks family dentalsocial/reviewsblogcontact usrefer a friendhomemeet our teamservicesgeneral dentistrycosmetic dentistrydental implantsinvisalign®restorative dentistrytreatment of tmj disordersperiodontal procedurespediatric dentistrypatient infofirst visitpatient formspatient policiespatient instructionsoral health & wellnessabout periodontal diseaseearly dental caretechnologyemergencieshistory of bridgeworks family dentalsocial/reviewsblogcontact usrefer a friend  welcome  contact us  860-446-8744  forms   meet our team  directions  our services  implants  invisalign  sleep apnea  patient info  cosmetic dentistry   app help  patient instructions  emergency  blog  social  refer a friend  covid-19 safety protocols   bridgeworks family dental center  address 115 bridge street groton, ct 06340 directions   phone tel: 860-446-8744 | fax: 860-448-3780more about bridgeworks family dental centerconveniently located on bridge street in groton, ct, our experienced team strives to provide every patient individualized care by taking the time to listen to all of their concerns.▸click to learn moreevery visitor to our office will be offered the same kind of regard and courtesy that we would provide ourselves and our family. our modern office offers a peaceful, relaxing atmosphere in which we enhance the lives and smiles of our patients by providing the highest quality dental care.bridgeworks family dental center has provided multiple generations of groton families with comprehensive dental care for 55 years. while the practice was started by dr. mckeon and dr. curtiss, for the past 25 years dr. antonelli, dr. malahias, and dr. kim have continued to work together with their dedicated staff to fulfill the mission of bridgeworks to provide quality dental care to the community. we look forward to having you as a patient and thank you for selecting us for your dental care.request an appointmentcomplete dental care with a gentle touchlearn more about the history of bridgeworks family dental centerour servicesgeneral dentistrycosmetic dentistrydental implantssleep apneainvisalign® all other servicespatient formsdownload our patient formsour reviewsread our patient reviewspatient instructionsview after care instructions call our office at 860-446-8744 to schedule an appointment with a dentist in groton, ct today!▸meet our doctorsvincent antonelli, ddsdr. antonelli joined the practice in 1993. a 1991 graduate of stony brook school of dental medicine, he then went on to complete a one year dental residency at the castle point v. a. hospital in wappingers falls, ny and is on staff  at lawrence and memorial hospital in the department of general surgery.more about dr. antonellitheologos “ted” malahias, ddsdr. malahias joined the practice in 1999. he is a graduate of stony brook school of dental medicine and a classmate of dr. antonelli's. dr. malahias completed a one year residency in general dentistry at st charles hospital and rehabilitation center in port jefferson, ny.more about dr. malahiassean kim, dds, magddr. kim joined the practice in 2000. he is a graduate of the university of missouri school of dental surgery. dr. kim completed a two year residency fellowship program at columbia university in new york city.more about dr. kimcontact usclick here to contact us online115 bridge streetgroton, ct 06340tel: 860-446-8744fax: 860-448-3780▸more about our servicesbridgeworks family dental center is your hometown dentist in groton, ct. our team offers comprehensive family dental care in a relaxing environment using the latest in dental technology. services include:general dentistry – general dentistry encompasses all of the preventive care that keeps your teeth and gums healthy, including comprehensive oral evaluations, dental cleanings, digital radiographs, and more. regular dental visits combined with good oral hygiene habits are the best way to make sure you have a beautiful smile for years to come!cosmetic dentistry – if your teeth are healthy, but you’re not happy with the way they look, cosmetic dentistry can help improve your self-confidence. our dentists have the skill and eye for detail required to produce results that are both beautiful and natural. you’ll simply look like a better version of yourself after your treatment!restorative dentistry – when a tooth is damaged or lost due to injury or decay, we use restorative dentistry to restore function, strength, and appearance. our practice uses advanced technologies and materials to create restorations that blend in seamlessly with the rest of your smile.pediatric dentistry – as a family dental practice, we treat patients of all ages, including the youngest members of your family. we believe that your child’s earliest interactions with their dentist set the stage for a lifetime of healthy smiles, so we strive to make every visit to our office a positive experience.periodontal services – you can’t have healthy teeth without healthy gums, which is why we offer periodontal care at bridgeworks family dental center. whether you need gum disease treatment or gum grafting, we provide the periodontal services you need right in our office.dental implants – dental implants are the best solution for replacing missing teeth because they are the only option that replaces the root of the tooth in addition to the crown, preventing bone loss in the jaw. the result is a strong bite, stable restoration, and more youthful appearance.sleep apnea – our dentists can diagnose and treat your sleep apnea and help you get the restorative sleep you need each night. we offer oral appliance therapy, a more comfortable alternative to cpap machines that repositions the lower jaw to keep the airway open while you sleep.invisalign – invisalign is discreet, comfortable, and convenient, making it a popular orthodontic treatment option for both teens and adults. dr. kim is a preferred provider for invisalign, which means he has the skill and experience needed to straighten your teeth and improve your bite with clear aligners.tmj disorder treatment – tmj disorders can have a number of different causes, which means a customized approach is critical. our dentists take the time to understand the origin of your pain so we can create a treatment plan that addresses your needs.bridgeworks family dental centerwelcome to our groton dental practice!request an appointmentlocated under the goldstar bridge in groton, ct, the experienced team of dentists at bridgeworks family dental strives to provide every patient individualized care by taking the time to listen to all of their concerns. every visitor to our office will be offered the same kind of regard and courtesy that we would provide ourselves and our family. our modern office offers a peaceful, relaxing atmosphere in which we enhance the lives and smiles of our patients by providing the highest quality dental care.bridgeworks family dental center has provided multiple generations of groton families with comprehensive dental care for 55 years. while the practice was started by dr. mckeon and dr. curtiss, for the past 25 years dr. antonelli, dr. malahias, and dr. kim have continued to work together with their dedicated staff to fulfill the mission of bridgeworks to provide quality dental care to the community. we look forward to having you as a patient and thank you for selecting us for your dental care.complete dental care with a gentle touch learn more about the history of bridgeworks family dental centerdental services in groton, ctgeneral dentistryread morecosmetic dentistryread moredental implantsread morerestorative servicesread moreinvisalignread moreall other servicesread morepatient forms download our patient formsour reviews read our patient reviewspatient instructions view after care instructionsmeet our dentistsvincent antonelli, ddsdr. antonelli joined the practice in 1993. a 1991 graduate of stony brook school of dental medicine, he then went on to complete a one year dental residency at the castle point v. a. hospital in wappingers falls, ny and is on staff  at lawrence and memorial hospital in the department of general surgery.more about dr. antonellisean kim, dds, magddr. kim joined the practice in 2000. he is a graduate of the university of missouri school of dental surgery. dr. kim completed a two year residency fellowship program at columbia university in new york city.more about dr. kimmabroor khan, dmd, msdr. khan is from chicago, illinois. he received his bachelor’s degree in biology from university of illinois at chicago, and master’s degree in biotechnology from rush university in chicago, illinois.more about dr. khanour assistantscontact us in groton, ctappointment request       first name *  first name last name *  last name email address *   phone number *   preferred time   ampm  preferred day   any of the abovemondaytuesdaywednesdaythursdayfriday  subject *   comments   recaptcha      δbridgeworks family dental center  address 115 bridge street groton, ct 06340 directions   phone tel: 860-446-8744  fax: 860-448-3780▸more about our dental services in grotonbridgeworks family dental center is your hometown dentist in groton, ct. our team offers comprehensive family dental care in a relaxing environment using the latest in dental technology. services include:general dentistry – general dentistry encompasses all of the preventive care that keeps your teeth and gums healthy, including comprehensive oral evaluations, dental cleanings, digital radiographs, and more. regular dental visits combined with good oral hygiene habits are the best way to make sure you have a beautiful smile for years to come!cosmetic dentistry – if your teeth are healthy, but you’re not happy with the way they look, cosmetic dentistry can help improve your self-confidence. our dentists have the skill and eye for detail required to produce results that are both beautiful and natural. you’ll simply look like a better version of yourself after your treatment!restorative dentistry – when a tooth is damaged or lost due to injury or decay, we use restorative dentistry to restore function, strength, and appearance. our practice uses advanced technologies and materials to create restorations that blend in seamlessly with the rest of your smile.pediatric dentistry – as a family dental practice, we treat patients of all ages, including the youngest members of your family. we believe that your child’s earliest interactions with their dentist set the stage for a lifetime of healthy smiles, so we strive to make every visit to our office a positive experience.periodontal services – you can’t have healthy teeth without healthy gums, which is why we offer periodontal care at bridgeworks family dental center. whether you need gum disease treatment or gum grafting, we provide the periodontal services you need right in our office.dental implants – dental implants are the best solution for replacing missing teeth because they are the only option that replaces the root of the tooth in addition to the crown, preventing bone loss in the jaw. the result is a strong bite, stable restoration, and more youthful appearance.sleep apnea – our dentists can diagnose and treat your sleep apnea and help you get the restorative sleep you need each night. we offer oral appliance therapy, a more comfortable alternative to cpap machines that repositions the lower jaw to keep the airway open while you sleep.invisalign – invisalign is discreet, comfortable, and convenient, making it a popular orthodontic treatment option for both teens and adults. dr. kim is a preferred provider for invisalign, which means he has the skill and experience needed to straighten your teeth and improve your bite with clear aligners.tmj disorder treatment – tmj disorders can have a number of different causes, which means a customized approach is critical. our dentists take the time to understand the origin of your pain so we can create a treatment plan that addresses your needs. call our office at 860-446-8744 to schedule an appointment with a dentist in groton, ct today!homecontact usdental implantsemergenciesinvisalignmeet our teampatient formspatient infopatient instructionsrefer a friendrequest appointmentservicessleep apneasocial/reviewstechnologybridgeworks family dental center | 115 bridge street groton, ct 06340 | 860-446-8744bridgeworks family dental center115 bridge streetgroton, ct 06340860-446-8744privacy policy | hipaa policy | accessibility statement | accessibility adjust resetprivacy policy | hipaa policy | accessibility statementaccessibility adjust resetdesign and content © 2013 - 2025 by dentalfone                              
