






home - elder services of berkshire county inc.













































 









home


									about us								


about us


leadership


service area


privacy policy


frequently asked questions


testimonials


agency video


photo galleries





									resources								


berkshire senior news


berkshire senior tv


coa contact list


events calendar


protective services


veterans services





									programs & services								


clinical assessment and eligibility


community transition liaison program


behavioral health outreach for aging populations


enhanced housing programs


in-home supports


information & referral


long term care ombudsman program


ma family caregiver support program


money management


nutrition programs


options counseling


serving health insurance needs of everyone


volunteer programs





									join us								


employment opportunities


volunteer opportunities



donate
contact us
shop



menu


 








proudly promoting senior independence since 1974
elder services is a non-profit organization providing a wide variety of services to the seniors of berkshire county and their families.
berkshire county’s aging services access point
convenient access to resources such as enhanced senior nutrition, housing options, in-home supports, nursing home ombudsman, and information on senior programs and services throughout the state.









news & alerts 
jury duty scam alert
an individual contacted a pittsfield resident claiming that the resident had missed their federal jury duty obligation, and that the resident was now responsible to pay a $2000.00 fine. the resident was instructed to go to a store and purchase a “quick pay” card. the resident said the individual on the phone was extremely persuasive; knew where the juror entrance at the pittsfield courthouse was and also gave the address of the courthouse. if you receive a similar call, please hang up and contact your local police department. for further reading, check out this article from the federal trade commission website
aarp fraud watch network
check out the aarp fraud watch network for:

tips to spot and avoid scams like identity theft, investment fraud, and holiday scams
ongoing updates from resources like watchdog alerts
a scam-tracking map with real-time alerts from law enforcement in your state
the aarp weekly podcast the perfect scam

you can also call the aarp fraud watch network helpline at 1-877-908-3360. 
warning: as holiday spending surges, so will fraud
with scammers looking to take advantage of consumers from all angles, new aarp survey research reveals that people need to be vigilant this holiday season as they buy gifts, book their travel arrangements, and donate to charities. 
massachusetts announces partnership with utility companies and dta
the partnership will deliver discounts on utility bills for many residents enrolled in certain programs, including masshealth and snap. this will happen automatically without individuals submitting any additional paperwork. the discounts will be up to 25% on gas expenses and 42% on electrical expenses. the details are in this announcement.
governor announces free mtrb fare service
governor maura healey announced that berkshire regional transit authority (brta) will receive $699,733 for fare free service from jan 1, 2025 through sept. 30, 2025. brta will not collect fares on fixed routes and ada paratransit services from 11/29/2024 to 9/30/2025. click here for the brta information poster and click here for the iberkshires article.
 elder services honored by state senate and house of representatives
senate president karen spilka, senate clerk michael hurley and state senator paul mark issued this citation recognizing elder services of berkshire county for fifty years of serving seniors and their families. jonathan gould, district director of the office of senator mark presented the citation to elder services at the agency’s october 11, 2024, 50th anniversary annual meeting at the country club of pittsfield. click the icon on the right to view the citation.
speaker of the house ronald mariano, state representative john barrett, state representative tricia farley-bouvier, and state representative william “smitty” pignatelli offered their sincerest congratulations to elder services of berkshire county in recognition of 50 years of dedicated care and service to aging residents and their families in the berkshires. state representative tricia farley-bouvier and state representative smitty pignatelli presented this proclamation to elder services at the agency’s october 11, 2024, 50th anniversary annual meeting at the country club of pittsfield. click the icon on the right to view the proclamation.
an alert from the lenox council on aging
we just wanted to share with you all a rather alarming incident that occurred here in lenox.
one of our seniors had put their paid bills in their mailbox to go out and shortly after a truck occupied by 3 people with new york plates came and took the mail.  a neighbor witnessed it and reported it to the senior.  luckily all their accounts were closed in what appears to have been in time to prevent any more theft, and the lenox police department was notified.  the envelopes were found at another location in town and all the checks were missing.  please take care!
ebt scam alert
masshealth returns to standard renewal process
in march 2020, the federal government declared a public health emergency (phe) due to the covid-19 pandemic. in response to the phe and consistent with federal continuous coverage requirements, masshealth put protections in place that prevented members’ masshealth coverage ending during the covid-19 emergency. the federal government has decided to end the continuous coverage requirements. in response to this decision, masshealth will return to our standard annual eligibility renewal processes. starting april 1, 2023, all current masshealth members will need to renew their health coverage to ensure they still qualify for their current benefit. these renewals will take place over 12 months.
please check out the attached materials for more information.
• masshealth redetermination – act now
• masshealth redetermination – scam prevention
• masshealth redetermination – members 65 or older
 



events
 2/26 6:00 pm – medicare 101 virtual seminar












office hoursmonday-friday, 8am-5pm est
73 south church streetpittsfield, ma 01201
open map


contact us
  (413) 499-0524   | main
  (800) 544-5242   | toll free
  (413) 442-6443   | fax
  (413) 344-4372   | tty
 esbc@esbci.org | email




helpful links
mass options (844-422-mass)
pay your client invoice!
senior living options
elder services ffy2022 area plan 2022 - 2025


elder abuse hotline
(800) 922-2275
file a protective services report


















© copyright 2025 elder services of berkshire county inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy





















 


















