









malibu makos surf club | s. california surf lessons and surf camp














































surf camps

makos surf camps
kids classic surf camp

kids’ surf camp transportation


micro surf camp


surf lessons

private surf lessons
group surf lessons
pepperdine university surf class


events

private parties


blog
makos

location
about
team makos
contact us
faq
gallery
making the news
partners & affiliates





 


select page


  
 
 












private surf lessons
learn from malibu’s best surf instructors!
call 310-317-1229 to book!
 

book your lesson!

kids classic surf camp 
learn or level up with the best surf camp!
 

sign up!

micro surf camp
semi private surf session for 3 or more of your family and friends

more micro







best malibu surf camp since 1991!

about malibu makos
for over 30 years, malibu makos has been sharing our love, passion, and respect for the ocean with people of all ages. our dedicated team of ocean lifeguards, professional surf instructors, ocean enthusiasts, and educators is committed to delivering the best surfing experience possible.
join us! experience the thrill of surfing and the joy of ocean activities with our expert staff. whether you’re a seasoned surfer or a first-timer, malibu makos is the perfect place to ride the waves and deepen your ocean connection.
come shred with us!
 

     permitted and licensed by the la county dept. of beaches & harbors





surf-safe-fun since 1991







what we offer










classic surf camp
malibu makos has been setting the standard for the surf camp industry for over 30 years! we love teaching surfing as well as sharing our knowledge and respect for the ocean with all. teaching surfing and ocean sports is our main focus with a strong emphasis on ocean safety education. come shred with us! space is available!

for ages 5 – 17
attend any day- any 5 days or any 10 days
you can make up any missed days at no charge
all equipment is provided
prime location on zuma beach
transportation available from encino- woodland hills-calabasas-agoura-thousand oaks
permitted and licensed by the la county dept. of beaches & harbors

                                register



more classic camp





micro surf camp
have your own group of family and friends? micro camp offers a surf  experience like no other.  fast paced and super fun with a strong emphasis on ocean safety combined with an epic surf experience with your best friends! space is limited!

for ages 4 – 100
bring your own group of 3 or more
flexible scheduling
semi private 4 hour session each day
prime location on zuma beach
all equipment is provided
 permitted and licensed by the la county dept. of beaches & harbors





more micro camp





surf lessons
born and raised in malibu, malibu makos has been setting the standard for the highest quality surf lessons in the area for over 30 years. our fully insured professional surf instructors are the best in the business, known for their positive, patient, and professional approach.our staff consists of passionate watermen and women who are dedicated to teaching and sharing their love for the ocean. with a deep-rooted connection to malibu and a commitment to excellence, we offer unparalleled surf experiences for all ages and skill levels.
experience the best in malibu surfing!

for adults and children aged 3+ 
private lessons for one to eight people
group lessons for nine or more
all equipment is provided
prime location on zuma beach
 permitted and licensed by the la county dept. of beaches & harbors





more lessons













team makos







“makos instructors are the best! our staff includes pro surfers, ocean lifeguards and teachers who are experienced, positive and patient. from beginner to advanced levels, our instructors will teach you how to improve your skills and catch epic waves!”
tom corliss, malibu makos founder

meet the team






























”…kind words…”





“for the past 8 years i’ve brought my sons and friends to malibu makos and i believe them to be the very best surf camp…every time i’ve been welcomed with a smile by tom and the makos team.”
claudia r.
mom, surfer girl, ceo



“the best surf camp in town. our girls have been there since mini makos. i trust tom and his team implicitly with my daughters. worth every penny and then some.”
honore k.
venice, ca



“outstanding experience! instructors were exceptionally patient, kind, and encouraging to our kids, both first time surfers.”
mark c.
fayetville, tn



“my kids have been going to malibu makos for over 10 years … i can not believe the level of fun and professionalism that continues year after year !”
d.j.
woodland hills, ca









































































how to contact and find us





malibu makos
(310) 317-1229
info@malibumakos.com
po box 6633, malibu, ca 90264



stay connected
subscribe for updates, special offers and more.





success!



first name



last name



email





submit
















malibu makos surf club location
lifeguard tower #16
30600 pacific coast hwy, malibu, ca 90265
use the zuma beach parking lot entrance off pacific coast hwy (pch) near busch drive. malibu makos surf club is located at the far west (north) section of the zuma beach parking lot, just east (south) of trancas canyon rd. on pch.

more location info





malibu makos





 

 






home
location
surf camps
frequently asked questions
contact us
privacy policy
terms of service
 






instagram




facebook




twitter



©2023 malibu makos surf club | site by eclectic electric | powered by wp in the cloud 











subscribe to our newsletterjoin our mailing list to receive the latest news and updates from our team.











subscribe!






you have successfully subscribed!




 




















