























archive news from the the argus



































































newsletters public notices jobs book an ad cars homes local listings local info



more









newsletters public notices jobs book an ad cars homes local listings local info



















                    subscribe
                


digital edition puzzles



























close



stay ahead with a digital subscription
subscribe



search











news




local


business


crime


nostalgia


uk news


politics









sport




albion


crawley town


football


general sport


cricket


speedway









albion









what's on




local events


music


the critic


on the radar


stage


pub spy


events









education









offers




offers


reader travel









announcements




acknowledgements


death notices


in memoriam


public notices


other announcements


bereavement guide









young reporter













                        subscribe
                    

digital edition puzzles

newsletters public notices jobs book an ad cars homes local listings local info



 





news


sport


albion


what's on


education


offers


announcements


young reporter






























        archive
        






            filters

            





or search by keyword




            display search results
        




16th february 2025











date
which supermarket steak is the best? i tested them all and one blew me away
steak is one of my favourite meals that i seldom get to savour, so when the opportunity arose to consume a small field of cattle, i jumped at it.


  as the cost-of-living crisis rages on, we as a country are being forced to cut costs through any means










date
pubs, restaurants and cafes where kids eat free this half term
half term is upon is and pubs, restaurants, pubs, cafes and hotels are offering kids eat free deals. 


  in the summer, picnics and free park days are great, but february half term often needs more planning.


  whether you want to go out for breakfast










date
10 of the best destinations for brits to head to before the summer boom
the chilly winter weather is beginning to fade but summer's not quite here yet either, which could make it the perfect time for a getaway.


  there are plenty of warmer destinations brits could head to in march, offering a mix of beach escapes and










date
how smart are you? take this pub quiz to find out your iq
the weekend is here which can only mean one thing, it's time for the weekly pub quiz. 


  perfect if you're taking a trip to the pub this weekend, this quiz will let you brush up on some of that unusual but essential knowledge for the occasion.










date
nationwide cuts mortgage rates following barclays, santander and yorkshire
nationwide building society is the latest lender to announce it is cutting selected mortgage rates from today.


  some remortgage rates will fall by up to 0.35 percentage points and selected switcher rates by up to 0.13 percentage points. it will










date
martin lewis' urgent warning for dwp tax credit claimants
martin lewis has issued an urgent warning to anyone who receives tax credits and hasn't responded to dwp letters.


  confusingly, tax credits aren't really to do with your tax - they are payments to help with living costs, and were divided into child










date
mosquito bite leaves man with brain swelling and unable to recognise his own mum
a brit left unable to recognise his own mum when a mosquito bite turned out to be a deadly 'brain swelling' disease now faces £50,000 in bills - as his insurance expired days earlier.


  andrew court was visiting his pal zeke scott in bali ahead of










date
drivers warned having a dog in your car could result in £5,000 fines
drivers in the uk could be hit with a £5,000 fine for driving with a dog in their car.


  motorists are being urged to educate themselves on the laws around driving with their dogs, or face fines of up to £5,000 - as well as potentially having to










date
watchdog tells parents they could save £300 a year by making simple change
regulators have proposed sweeping changes for the baby formula industry, after finding many brands cost more than the weekly value of people’s benefits, leading some parents to forgo food to buy the product.


  the competition and markets authority










date
the most expensive pints revealed as the national pint price soars to £5.08
does that round seem a bit more expensive? well, you're not wrong, as the average price of a pint of draught beer has now hit the £5 mark.


  that is up from the £4.82 average figure reported by the office of national statistics in december 2024.










date
full list of cuts now reduced or cancelled after council gets more government cash
proposed cuts to public health services have been scaled back after the government awarded brighton and hove city council a bigger grant than expected.


  the council had planned to cut funding for audio active, a charity supporting young people through










date
drivers to face traffic disruption for over a month in city
drivers will be facing increased traffic disruption as a main road in hove has gas work done for over a month.


  sgn has placed temporary traffic lights on sackville road, hove, which will be in operation for six weeks.


  there are currently temporary










date
i tried a tour of brighton's top cocktail bars - and have a new favourite spot
i think your favourite drink says a lot about your phase of life.


  like counting rings on a tree, they're like markers of your age: in my case, smirnoff ice when i was in college, cider at university, spirits in my twenties and now beer in my thirties










date
'i had a very jolly time in brighton': rick stein returns to the city
a celebrity chef and restaurateur has said he had a “very jolly time” living in the city in his youth.


  rick stein is back on the road and kicking off his tour at brighton’s theatre royal on march 2.


  an evening with rick stein will see the culinary










date
hot air balloon festival with giant funfair coming to sussex
a hot air balloon festival is coming to sussex this summer.


  the 'balloons & tunes' event is set to take place on june 13 and 14 at fontwell park racecourse, fontwell.


  visitors can expect a range of activities and entertainment, including tribute










date
sussex mp calls for eurostar to return to south east
a sussex mp have called for the eurostar to return to the south east after being suspended for five years.


  helena dollimore mp for hastings met with the rail minister, lord hendy of richmond hill on friday to discuss the restoration of eurostar










date
county council expanding solar project to 60 more buildings
more schools and buildings in west sussex will soon generate their own renewable energy.


  this is due to the expansion of a county council solar project.


  west sussex county council is expanding its solar photovoltaic (pv) and battery storage










date
sixth form college teachers across sussex agree on increased pay offer
sixth form college teachers across sussex have agreed an increased pay offer, ending their dispute with the government.


  members of the national education union (neu) at bhasvic and varndean college in brighton and the college of richard collyer










date
traditional pub with 'great atmosphere' on the market for £290,000
a traditional pub is on the market for £290,000.


  the mount pleasant pub, located at 88 mount pleasant road, hastings, is up for sale with estate agents dyer and hobbis.


  the property includes a two-bedroom manager's flat with a small roof terrace










date
stunning pictures of golden sunset over west sussex canal
a canal in west sussex was bathed in the golden light of a sun set earlier this week.


  argus camera club member joanna kaczorowska took to chichester canal last week to enjoy a winter sunset and get some great snaps.


  her photographs show a calm










date
east sussex swimming pool on track to re-open in may
plans to re-open a swimming pool in ringmer are ‘within touching distance’.


  ringmer swimming pool has been unusable since september 2020, following an equipment failure.


  however, a new lease means it is set to reopen in may this year.


  the










date
tributes paid to much loved football commentator
tributes have been paid to a much-loved football commentator.


  worthing fc said peter vale’s voice was the soundtrack of a saturday afternoon for many fans across the world, providing "invaluable coverage and describing some of the club’s biggest










date
king alfred will remain open for now as cash is put aside for maintenance
the king alfred sports complex will remain open for as long as possible before a replacement is built, councillors have been told.


  labour councillor alan robins, the brighton and hove city council’s cabinet member for sports and recreation, said










date
hurzeler loves mean mentality which blunted chelsea - but says albion can improve
albion have told to keep their mean mindset after blunting chelsea at the amex.


  cole palmer and company were allowed no goal attempts on target in the seagulls’ 3-0 valentine’s night win.


  kaoru mitoma’s wonder goal and a yankuba minteh brace















contact us
manage consent
announcements
leap
cookie policy
terms & conditions
contributor terms
newsquest printing
advertise
newsletters
reader rewards
site map
exchange and mart
terms of advertising
privacy policy
diversity statement
photo sales
our publications
archive
add your event for free


follow us


                    the argus
                


                    @brightonargus
                


                    brighton and hove albion fc news
                


                    the argus
                




                this website and associated newspapers adhere to the independent press standards organisation's
    editors' code of practice. if you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    if you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact ipso here


© 2001-2025.  newsquest media group ltd, 1st floor, chartist tower, upper dock street, newport, wales, np20 1dw  | 01676637 |
            











modal headline





close


automatically injected html goes here



    submit



    cancel







deactivate
piano meter debugger
data returned from the piano 'meteractive/meterexpired' callback event.















as a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
these adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.

it is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.


close




































