























home | cathedral of the holy virgin protection






 










 
 


 





 











 
 



























































about

about orthodoxy
administration
our parish

livestream
media

photos
readings

services

calendar
marriages and baptisms
confessions & memorials
becoming orthodox
table of feasts

donate
contact





















































orthodox christianity in the heart of the city!

























whether you are just curious about us or are searching for a new spiritual home, we welcome you as christ, and invite you to join us soon at the second street cathedral of the holy virgin protection and chapel of st innocent of irkutsk, one of the main places of orthodox worship in new york city.
we are a welcoming and friendly community with a great diversity of people, young and old, native new yorkers, university students, transplants, and immigrants united by our common faith in jesus christ. we believe that we experience god’s love and sustaining presence in our lives in the world, and strive to share that good news with all that we meet. 
we invite you to come and see!


















 welcome visitors
 membership pledge card



































































our faith










livestream










our parish










our clergy










daily readings










photos





































































upcoming calendar
i was glad when they said unto me, let us go into the house of the lord.
psalm 122:1


















 monthly calendar
daily readings






















16febsunday 
st maria of byzia in thrace prodigal son
9:00 hours & divine liturgy




22febsaturday 
st ablios, bishop of alexandria

5:30pm vigil service



23febsunday 
hm polycarp, bishop of smyrna meatfare sunday/last judgement
9:00 hours & divine liturgy




1marsaturday 
st david, bishop of wales

5:30pm vigil service
fast: dairy, fish, wine, & oil


2marsunday 
forgiveness sunday
9:00 hours & divine liturgy3:00 pm vespers and communal rite of forgiveness

fast: dairy, fish, wine, & oil


3marmonday 


6pm compline. great canon
begin the great fast


4martuesday 


6pm compline. great canon
fast


5marwednesday 


6pm compline/great canon
fast


6marthursday 


6pm compline/great canon
fast


7marfriday 


6pm presanctified liturgy
fast











































mailing list



















if you would like to join our mailing list, please fill out the following form.




 


name:





email:





 

 


 
subscribe
































































what is the orthodox church?
“the orthodox christian church is evangelical, but not protestant.it is orthodox, but not jewish. it is catholic, but not roman.it is not denominational, it is pre-denominational.it has believed, taught, preserved, defended, and died for thefaith of the apostles since the day of pentecost nearly 2,000 years ago.”– our life in christ


















 more information




































































about


about orthodoxyadministrationour parish















media



livestreamphotosreadings


















services


calendarmarriages and baptismsconfessions & memorialsbecoming orthodoxtable of feasts





















cathedral of the holy virgin protection (2nd street cathedral)59 east second street; new york, ny 10003contact




















 




powered by orthodox web solutions
home | back  | top






















