






event usa | we get you to the game and more!






























































































 






menu 
about us

contact event usa
why buy from us?
customer reviews
frequent questions
terms & conditions
mobile transfer instructions
website transfer instructions


memorabilia
explore green bay
 



580 cormier road
          green bay, wi 54304




920-722-5377









green baypacker tickets

game tickets
ticket andtailgate
tailgate party
lambeau field seating information
lambeau field seating chart


green bay  game packages

all packages
home game  packages

lodge kohler
tundra lodge
best western
quality inn
oneida hotel
wingate
historic hotel northland


road game  packages


super  bowl

super bowl lix – new orleans, louisiana


private suites  group packages

private suites (skyboxes) packages & group packages
groups & event planning at games


other  tickets

other sports
concerts
theater
newsletter sign up


ray  nitschke
 



 login              



 view cart
              
















event usa can help with all of your ticket needs!
buy tickets >>


event usa stands on its record of providing the most choices, highest quality, unquestioned reliability and best game day entertainment in the world. with your choice of home or road game packages or enjoy a day-of-game-package with ticket & tailgate.
view game packages >>


private suite packages are ideal for entertaining business groups, family gatherings, or for hosting private parties – and the perfect way to watch green bay packers football action in extreme comfort!
private suites & corporate groups >>
what’s new

congratulations to the 2024 green bay packersjanuary 13, 2025read more >>2025 opponents announcedjanuary 13, 2025read more >>groups & event planning at gamesjanuary 07, 2025read more >>super bowl lix - new orleans, louisianajanuary 07, 2025read more >>

green bay football news of the week!
packers immediately found two building blocks in 2024 that can do even bigger and better things in 2025january 27, 2025read more >>packers gm brian gutekunst likes team's salary cap situation entering 2025 offseasonjanuary 20, 2025read more >>jordan love insists on optimism, despite playoff heartbreakjanuary 13, 2025read more >>5 standouts from packers' week 18 loss to the bearsjanuary 06, 2025read more >>




 
















"
kudos to amy for making sure that the tickets to the tailgate party were waiting for me at the reception desk!
your personal phone call and text messages went above and beyond customer satisfaction! i can't wait for the 2024 season, rest assured that my go-to packer's game supplier will be event usa for a long time."

                            -jean-pierre mallette, montréal, canada                        


"thank you so much cathy, greatly appreciate your help. 

as always, eventusa has been awesome to deal with in booking the lodge kohler package for the tampa bay game,

particularly for me traveling from sydney, australia, it takes the stress out of the booking process. "

                            -kayle                        


"good morning, nicole - everything you did turned out great.  the seats were great.  access to the air conditioned club lounge was great.  lots of packers fans in the club lounge and overall at the stadium. the tailgate party at the fancy restaurant in the hotel was fabulous.   the servers just kept on bringing out different sliders and desserts.  good thing that i got in a 30-minute run along the river in the morning. so, thank you! you may be speaking with me in november if i can work out getting up to green bay for a game.  it's been too long since my last time. 

one of the best aspects of this weekend was interacting with so many people from wisconsin and learning their personal stories of things packers.  and we even met a couple from st. petersburg, florida (my home county) and were able to tell them about the varsity club tavern and packers bar in clearwater where mark murphy's mother is in attendance  --  very nice lady whose retirement home is in clearwater, which borders my little city of dunedin.  pre-covid, i always went to the varsity when the packers games weren't televised locally  --  lots of wisconsin natives there, too + they serve brats and sauerkraut during packers games. i'm glad that you are working for event usa.
"

                            -- martin lawyer, dunedin, florida                        


"dennis - i was blessed to join amy and some of your customers at the morton's tailgate as well as after the game. she does an amazing job for you. every single customer i met praised event usa for being able to arrange the hotel and tickets and fabulous tailgate party in such a quick time. having been to some great tour tailgate parties in jacksonville and kansas city and old san francisco, a lot can be said of the long-term benefit of having really great tailgate parties. morton's was probably one of the best - amazing food, patio sitting on the riverfront, walk to stadium, open bar!!! it was first class fun!!!"

                            -matt                        


"hi amy-
just wanted to say thank you for making jacksonville happen! we had a wonderful time and looking forward to more packers games with event usa in the future!
even though the game was not what we expected- we are packers fans for life-lol!
go pack go!!"

                            -julie mastrianni                        


"i want to thank event usa and in particular amy flores for the jacksonville trip.  we have used you before and always were very pleased with the packages you have set up and your service.

my son who lives in charleston, sc and myself who lives in minnesota, decided we needed to do a guys trip and decided to go through your company to see the opener in new orleans.  i initially called and talked with amy about some questions i had and booked our trip.  after itinerary and info was emailed to us, it soon became apparent that the trip to new orleans wouldn’t happen.  in steps amy, wondering if we would be interested in dallas if the game was moved there and a package was set up.  then finally the move to jacksonville and continued communication from amy on our interest.  it was getting late at that point and i was wondering if she would be able to pull off setting up a package in jacksonville.  she did it. 

we went to jacksonville and had a great time.  the accommodations and the tail gate were fabulous.  if only the packer team we were hoping for had made the trip.

thank you event usa and in particular amy flores."

                            -tom sohrweide,  white bear lake, mn                        


"thank you for all your help. i had a great time at the packer-raider game opening day. i have already begun telling interested packer fans in sacramento about your service. the next time i come to green bay for a game, i’ll be sure to ask for your help. god bless you and god bless the green bay packers."

                            -frank chavez, sacramento                        


"i just wanted to say that i had such a great time. the whole weekend was so much fun. i enjoyed the player autograph party and the tailgate party was just the best. after coming from a country that loves soccer, it was nice to mix with people who have the same interests as me. thank you once again, green bay is one very special place."

                            -beverley moore, lancaster                        


"my accommodations at the best western midway were excellent. i was picked up at the airport and returned promptly. no problems at all. your representative at the hotel on game day was very pleasant and helpful. the tailgate party was super, great food, great drinks and lots of fun. obviously, lambeau field and the game itself was great. i will continue to use event usa in the future, and i will definitely tell anyone who i come across to give you a call. one last thing, the hospitality i experienced in green bay was incredible. i have traveled to many places, and i don’t think there are more friendly people than the people of green bay. thank you again and see you next year!"

                            -david anastas, worchester                        


"my wife and i booked the tour to tampa. the trip was so well organized from start to finish. it started with the people in the office with their friendly help over the phone, to receiving the tickets in the mail, and meeting the tour guides with their upbeat personalities. signs guided us in the airport and information was posted in our motel lobbies to keep us posted. your people had everything in order. talk about organization, you had it. event usa made this a most memorable trip. thanks for all involved."

                            -dick koerner, neenah                        


"i wish to convey my sincere thanks and gratitude for providing my husband and i with, what he refers to as the greatest experience of my life, apart from my wedding day."

                            -lara and matt appleton, thornhill, ontario                        


"thanks for all your help, the great tickets and service, and the chance to help me make one of my son’s dreams come true, seeing the packers playing at home in lambeau field."

                            -sam jones, sedalia                        


"i just want to thank you for the wonderful job your staff did last weekend for the packers vs. lions game. this was our first time utilizing your program and we were not disappointed at all. in fact, we can’t wait to schedule and event for next season’s games. from my first experience with your staff placing my order until the very end at checkout of the hotel, everything was perfect. you truly out-do yourselves to please everyone. thanks again for making our stay in green bay one of the best."

                            -kim ewing and bruce demaine, ann arbor                        


"thanks so much for the best weekend ever! you not only got us in all the magazines, tv, www pages and even the big screen at lambeau field, but disney world on the side? nice job – you and your family are top notch – we were on the best tour for the super bowl! seeing the green bay packers win back the lombardi trophy was a life long dream of this packer fan, and you all were so dedicated to the job of taking care of us that, like the packers, we were a winning team! keep me on your list."

                            -william d lorge, representative to the wisconsin state assembly                        

































580 cormier road
                green bay, wi 54304




920-722-5377














				$500 deposit to secure your spot!			

*to secure your spot you can choose to put down a $500 deposit per person.  the deposit is $500 per person and is non-refundable with the balance due on july 1, 2024. all credit cards used at the time of purchase will automatically be charged on july 1st. if you wish to use another credit card or multiple credit cards you must call in prior to june 28th. all sales are final and are subject to our terms and conditions.


			×			





early booking special on home game packages with lodging! 




book now and receive the following discounts:


bronze package – $35 off per person 


silver package – $50 off per person


gold package – $50 off per person


enter pack2020 at check out!




click here for more details on our home packages!
 


			×			








































