



 westside ballet of santa monica










































































celebrating over 50 years of excellence


galleries

photo galleries
the school
nutcracker
spring performances



press
contact

contact us
map, parking, directions
mindbody
studio rentals
social media













 





a premiere training facility
co-founders yvonne mounsey and rosemary valaire
martine harley, artistic directorsanta monica, california


 



home

home page
about us


calendar
school

the school
staff directory
artistic directors
faculty
support the school
alumni


company

the company
company directory
nutcracker
spring performance
project relevé
support the company


summer

intensives
workshops
kids camp
dance to dreams
teen summer
adult summer


children

lower and upper division
pre-ballet
teen ballet
jazz
boys only


adults

adult classes
other classes


schedule
outreach

dance to dreams
diversity statements & actions
online resources & diversity news
bipoc outreach classes
class information


 













dedicationbalanchinetraditioninspirationoriginal worksclassicsfoundationpoiserefinementfinesseprofessionalism 





 we’ve reopened as of june 15, 2020!
 





 
registration for spring semester 2025 is open!
semester start date: january 6, 2025
click here to register for the 24/25 school year 
click here for boys’ registration link

support the company: the legacy continues


westside school of ballet offers training for dancers of all ages and levels.
please click below for more information:
adult classes 
rentals

classes
for students under age 3, please see our parent & me class offerings.


 pre-primary (age 3)
 primary ballet (age 4/5/6)
 ballet i
 ballet ii
 ballet iii & iii+
 ballet iv & iv+
 ballet v & v+
 ballet vi & vi+
 ballet vii
 boys-only ballet
 teen ballet
 pas de deux



 adult classes
 jazz

 
our legacy
yvonne teaching upper division students
westside school of ballet is los angeles’ oldest and most successful public ballet school, founded in 1967 by new york city ballet’s yvonne mounsey, and co-founder rosemary valaire, royal ballet soloist.
we are dedicated to the pursuit of excellence and the development of the student as an artist. every year since the school’s founding, our students have been awarded scholarships with major ballet company schools and summer programs. this achievement is a result of the exceptional training by teachers with broad experience performing with professional companies all over the world.
important aspects of a student’s training are the study of the classics and the opportunity to perform. for over 50 years, westside ballet (wsb’s non-profit performing division) has been southern california’s premiere pre-professional training company, comprising approximately 100 dancers ranging from ages 8 to 18 years. additionally, all registered students are eligible for a performance opportunity in the year end demonstration for the entire school, pre-primary (age 3) to level 7.  
our alumni have gone on to dance with numerous professional companies, including new york city ballet, american ballet theatre, san francisco ballet, houston ballet, pennsylvania ballet, los angeles ballet, sacramento ballet and kansas city ballet.
sponsors
project relevé gives you an opportunity to support the programs of westside ballet of santa monica, a pre-professional training company serving the los angeles ballet community for over 40 years.
with support from the dance community and beyond, westside ballet is able to produce professional performances, expand its scholarship program, and build partnerships with numerous community organizations to advance the study and appreciation of ballet in los angeles. 
please consider making a donation to the non-profit westside ballet of santa monica. click here to learn more. 
we gratefully acknowledge the sponsorship of the huntley, santa monica’s legendary hotel, together with the support of:

the city of santa monica
il forno trattoria 
los angeles county board of supervisors
los angeles department of arts and culture 
lyft
ovation entertainment
rotary club of santa monica 
santa monica college board of trustees
the santa monica chamber of commerce
santa monica college
urth caffé




 




 new to westside? our classes are ongoing — join at any time!









follow westside 
alumni associationsign up for westside worldwide, the westside school of ballet alumni association
 
search site 


 
about us the name westside ballet refers to two separate organizations: westside ballet of santa monica, a non-profit 501(c)3, and westside school of ballet.

 

 






copyright © westside school of ballet
design and hosting by runbox solutions

credits



































