




robert seth price – critical thinking for equity consciousness

































skip to content


robert seth price

			critical thinking for equity consciousness		




menu					 
close					 






homeabout

testimonialscontact
resources

examples of collaborations

osseo area schools, fair oaks elementary, minnesotabuffalo public schools, new york:  ps61designs for thinking: roosevelt union free school district 
amplifying student voice

amplifying student voice overviewnewark public schools, nj high schools student voicercsd clifford california:  amplifying student voice april 2023rcsd clifford california: amplifying student voice may 2022osseo area schools, fair oaks elementary, minnesota 
video case studies

fair oaks elementary - osseo area schools - mn - may 2023 
videos on vimeopublications
methods

collaborative communities

collaborative learning methodscommunity building exercisespeer to peer coaching 
cultural frame of reference

frame of referenceschemadepth and complexity 
inquiry and questions

powerful questionssocratic seminar and shared inquiryanticipation guide 
critical thinking environments

environments:  belief and belongingenvironments:  peopleenvironments:  materialsenvironments:  objects 
comprehension

read—dialogue—map—writesequencing in silence - inductive reasoning - categorizingessential summariesnote taking 
visual tools

thinking maps®sequencing in silence - inductive reasoning - categorizing 
vocabulary

sentence transformationkey vocabulary predictiondancing definitions™key word notessynonym triplets 
phonics, spelling and reading

phonics and spellinghighly recurring phonic elements 
visual arts

amplifying student voicecompositional formsthaumatrope 
writing

writing dailyreflection modelssentence frames (patterns and structures) 

 






student voice, professional development, coaching, actions


 
critical thinking pedagogy
“poetry is a political act because it involves telling the truth.”—june jordan
critical thinking pedagogy and strategies for equity consciousness are across all content areas, for all grade levels (prek, elementary, middle and high school) and a foundation for life long thinking.

collaborative processesstudents, teachers, leaders
visual toolsas a language for organizing our thinking
frame of referenceour cultural frame of reference is our identity
inquiry modelspowerful questions for priming and shared inquiry (socratic seminar) for depth and understanding 
thinking environmentsbelief and belonging, people, materials, objects



educational support professionals share about their collaboration with robert as a senior scholar for national urban alliance.osseo area schools, minnesota
q u i c k   l i n k s

robert seth price cv
current early childhood (prek, k, 1st grades) collaboration with fresno california public schools
whole elementary school collaboration 2020-2023 including leadership reflections, video and student voice:  osseo area schools, mn
high school amplifying student voice: newark public schools, nj 2019-2021
rcsd clifford amplifying student voice april 2023
rcsd clifford amplifying student voice may 2022



bms university, sri lanka,  critical thinking workshop, 21 july 2023. video, still photos and editing by nirmani wickramanayake. bms university website. 
this is an embedded microsoft office presentation, powered by office.
click on the powerpoint above to advance the slides.


gateway college (k-12) workshop – colombo, sri lanka • 13 july 2023 • gateway college website
click on the image to download the guide.
critical thinking guidecritical thinking tools are the core, and grounding, of what supports and develops authentic student engagement. student engagement is what keeps us as educators motivated in classrooms and our learning communities. this should be an environment for all students, in all schools, and in all places. equity consciousness is grounded in belief and belonging for and of all students. culturally validating pedagogy.
download the critical thinking guide
“in our work and in our living, we must recognize that difference is a reason for celebration and growth, rather than a reason for destruction.”—audre lorde


interviews with teachers and students in classrooms  at clifford school about their successes implementing pedagogy of confidence with national urban alliance where robert is a senior scholar.
whole school collaboration 2020-2025fair oaks elementary schoolosseo area schools, brooklyn park, minnesota“our partnership with robert price and the national urban alliance over the past three years has been pivotal in developing sustainability with the high operational practices that are embedded throughout our curriculum and daily routines. fair oaks staff have been on an nua journey that began with a monthly cohort to both examine and increase our capacity to ensure equitable learning experiences for all students.”
“as a result of this work, our teachers recognize that nua is not about isolated strategies for teaching particular concepts, but rather, we have had a philosophical shift in how we activate student voice and create equitable instruction that is purposeful across the curriculum.”
“through this work our staff has made monumental gains in focusing on student outcomes, including our students’ use of schema to make connections and think critically about curriculum.”—the paragraphs above and the complete reflection are from the fair oaks leadership team.

read the complete reflection and watch video clips
more reflections from collaborators and clients

innovating —> building —> sustaining
robert is always interested in new collaborations that bring our gifts together to innovate, build and sustain change for equity consciousness with critical thinking tools. robert’s system approach is about bringing the whole community into the ‘choreography’:  from the board members to faculty to support staff to students to parents to bus drivers. the whole community. contact robert to schedule a visioning session.robert seth price cv


‘what is student voice’amplifying student voice redwood city school district, california 


amplifying student voice – students create videos to tell the lived stories
technology expertise computermicrosoft word and excel, microsoft powerpoint, final cut pro, adobe premier and acrobat, adobe indesign and illustrator, adobe photoshop, google workspace, ­filmic pro, keynote, wordpress, html, ecamm live, esri, and zoom
videovideo cameras, mirrorless cameras, and microphones
animationvintage animation with zoetropes, pfanakistascopes, flipbooks and thaumatropes
early childhood / elementary expertisephonics, writing, reading, mathematics, sciences, community
“we claim what we feel we deserve.”—david whyte


first graders talking schema. the video is filmed by robert while documenting the school in long beach, ca with thinking maps creator david hyerle.
frame of reference and schema




schema – part 1 (4 min)text to self; text to text; text to world. 




schema – part 2 (4 min)with frame of reference and visual tools.






yvette jackson: personal frame of reference and schema.




frame of reference: emotions and personal experiences.




james baldwin on the frame of reference.
“even the most political poem is an act of faith.”—martin espada
international


addis ababa education bureau model school’s leadership teams • thinking schools ethiopia training 


thinking maps™ and community. tokyo, japan.


snnprs education experts training in yirgalem snnprs, hawassa, ethiopia 


ethiopia education strategy center training with university professors from across ethiopia


collaborations
robert seth price is an independent consultant with a focus on critical thinking pedagogy and methods for equity consciousness. robert’s breadth and depth of experiences and projects, nationally and internationally, inform his wide ranging personal interests and professional approaches with all collaborations. his professional collaborations past and present include pre-k, elementary, middle, secondary, and college levels. additionally he has collaborated with foundations, non-profit organizations and ngos. many examples of robert’s collaborations including video, qualitative research, methods and strategies, guides and more can be found on this website, and website’s he has developed in partnership.
download robert seth price’s cv 


“students must have initiative; they should not be mere imitators. they must learn to think and act for themselves, and be free.”—cesar chavez




robert facilitating/collaborating with students from multiple schools part of amplifying student voice using the pedagogy of confidence high operational practices.redwood city school district, california








national urban alliance (nua)

facilitate professional development for whole schools and districts
focus on equity consciousness, critical thinking, visual tools, collaborative models, and literacy across all content areas with prek, k-5, middle school and high schools
developing and implementing amplifying student voice model
implemented wrap around whole school hybrid model now used with the whole organization
serve as senior advisor to the president and management team
create online modules and strategies for educators
collaborations included south bronx, harlem, south harlem, indianapolis, dayton, seattle, prince georges, osseo, wmep, st. paul, newark, elizabeth and more school systems.


recent whole school implementations include with the redwood school district, ca and osseo area schools, mn.
“our partnership with robert price and the national urban alliance over the past three years has been pivotal in developing sustainability with the high operational practices that are embedded throughout our curriculum and daily routines.” (2023) read the complete leadership reflections on our collaboration at fair oaks including video
the clear model™ with school site implementation – consultant

collaborate on exploring ideas as a thinking partner with the founder dr. rev hillstrom
design and mediate the implementation of high operational practices (hops, yvette jackson)  and thinking friends (david hyerle) with fresno unified school district (2024/2025) as part of the clear model initiativeexamples of my collaboration includes:  choreographing on-site visits, virtual and on-site implementation, website development, video clips of classroom demos, documentation, and more can be seen at fresno unified, sunnyside region field guide page created by robert
website design and implementation
www.theclearmodel.com
www.impacti3.com

the pedagogy of confidence™ – dr. yvette jackson, consultant

a collaboration with dr. yvette jackson developing an interactive website as a companion to the pedagogy of confidence. 


create online modules and videos used by educators
developed and created the website
development of the high operational practices interactive rubric
collaborate with yvette on trainings

www.pedagogyofconfidence.net



the thinking foundation, thinking schools international, dr. david hyerle, consultant

advisor and thought partner with founder and creator of thinking maps™, thinking friends™, thinking maps™ leadership
conducted an extensive literature review on visual tools
co-authored guide growing thinking schools inside out with dr. david hyerle for thinking schools international including use in malaysia, uk, south africa. 
designed and collaborated on thinking friends™ for developing early cognitive thinking with prek and early childhood.pdf of introduction and table of contents
created video documentation in the field with thinking maps™example: roosevelt nyc school district videoexample: roosevelt nyc school district printmore examples
www.thinkingfoundation.org
www.thinkingschoolsinternational.com



thinking schools ethiopia, consultantfounder of grass roots student centered project with over 100 schools

collaborated with ethiopian colleagues in east africa
facilitated trainings in tigray, addis ababa and other regions
www.thinkingschoolsethiopia.com
the thinking schools ethiopia guide (english)
guide in amharic/english • tigrinya

touching the spirit™ – consultant


advisor and thought partner augusta mann ceo founder of touching the spirit™ including with online content
developed and created the website including extensive video library
www.successfulteachers.com




st. paul’s millennium medical college and hospital • addis ababa, ethiopia


professional development part of whole region 36 school initiativetigray, ethiopia
thinking design healthcare ethiopia, consultant

st. paul’s millennium medical college and hospital
mekelle university health sciences and hospital
mental health practitioners
field guide



hoffer elementary school, banning, california


opening of hoffer elementary student’s exhibit at the university of california, riverside photo museumrobert seth price and joya baker’s studentsbanning, california
university of california riverside photo museum, consultant

facilitated teacher trainings on vintage animation and video in the classroom – elementary and secondary

ansel adams photo museum, consultant

facilitated teacher trainings — low tech, high tech — on vintage animation and video for students

california state university fullerton, adjunct professor

teacher and designer of the clear credential technology class

teacher in public schoolsrobert has taught in self-contained elementary classrooms as a credentialed teacher. in addition to his strengths with equity consciousness, critical thinking, literacy, mathematics, science and project based approaches, he started school gardens at multiple schools, inclusion pilots, cultural mural projects, photography, amplifying student voice and more. schools and districts robert has taught in include:

lynwood public schools, cawilson elementary school;
banning unified school district, cahoffer elementary school;
brea olinda school district laurel elementary school;
new haven public schools, ct lincoln bassett school;
indianapolis public schools, ingeorge buck elementary school;
new haven public schools, ctcooperative arts hs.

hot fudge productions, co-founder

co-founder/owner of record label including production of flexible picture records with dan polhamus.







globe associates, manager, marshall islands in oceania

manager and sales of retail audio, music and cameras on marshall islands




 
examples of collaborations
models and methodsvideo, documentation, film, text
“no matter what accomplishments you make,somebody helped you.”—althea gibson
“access your resources” i often share to students, and educators.
recent focus interview groups robert facilitated in may 2024 that were coded for analysis and written by colleague regina seabrook for  national urban alliance. the qualitative study evaluated the effectiveness of a school-wide implementation of high operational practices (hops) for the 2023-2024 school year. specifically, we sought to understand the effectiveness and impact of high operational practices on student learning and teaching efficiency. robert designed and prepared the final document (nov 2024).one page overview pdfcomplete document pdf
read about a current collaboration of robert’s in a recently published book (october 2024) from columbia teacher’s press. pdf of the ‘vignette: illuminating an instructional equity lens that benefits a diverse socioeconomic title i school’
interactive documentation i use with educator teams at site visits. it includes educator reflections on the pedagogy model, video clips of my demos, and supporting documents to access. it is both an interactive document for educators to use and documentation. it is created on apple freeform and outputted as a pdf document (nov 2024).download the pdfsee more at fresno unified, sunnyside region field guide page created by robert.


peer to peer coaching is an important part of my collaborations. this online video is an example of short videos developed to support ongoing implementation of the peer to peer coaching model.


who am i, who i am, a multi week module on student identity and cultural frame of reference while learning the thinking maps™ 
the examples below include a media component with a brief caption, and weblink in multiple categories:

amplifying student voice
professional development with whole schoolscertificated and classified
writing, phonics, vocabulary, reading
all content areas
video for learning
documentation with schools
film director, video, editor and producer
website development for education
view robert’s media portfolio

amplifying student voice
amplifying student voice is a focus of their own cultural frame of reference with critical thinking tools with students acting on their potential to produce the high intellectual performances that can motivate self-directed learning, self-actualization, and self-transcendence.  


high schoolstudent voice social justice high school explorations with school wide installations. newark public schools, new jersey 


elementary school second grade, amplifying student voice.osseo area schools, minnesota


middle schoolamplifying student voice – middle school students create videos to tell the lived storiesredwood city, california
professional development with educators and education leaders


four grade 4-5 teachers at clifford school (k-8) that robert collaborates with as a senior scholar with national urban alliance, in redwood city school district, ca, share their reflections on the collaboration and implementation. —more on the  collaboration.


the fair oaks elementary, osseo area schools, mn leadership team share their reflections on our collaboration including all teachers and support staff with virtual and in person pre-k, k-5. (2022)—more about the collaboration.
 “our gender and national origins may and will make a difference in our judging,” “personal experiences affect the facts that judges choose to see. . . . i wonder whether by ignoring our differences as women or men of color we do a disservice both to the law and society.”—supreme court justice sonia sotomayor
professional development with students and educators observing


phonics with bridge maps (thinking maps™), usa


demonstration with students using visual mapping, ethiopia
director, videographer, editor, producer


the heart projectrobert seth price: director, videography, producer;  charles jones film editinglos angeles, california


the minds of mississippi (2013)robert seth price is co-producer for the thinking foundation funded documentary film
students create mini documentary films
roosevelt school, long beach, california


mapping the ideas with thinking maps™ and storyboarding the sequence


documenting the students modeling the documentary process


student films
“we all must live our lives always feeling, always thinking the moment has arrived. ” ― tracy chapman


filmmakers filming and acting problem solution video in second/third grade classroom.banning, california


classroom stop action. second/third grade student team.banning, california


thinking schools ethiopia: addis ababa, tigray, snnpr  aksum, hawassa, hosanna, yirgalem, mekelle, shire 








																						robert seth price																		

				website designed and created by robert seth price			




 









