

















universidad de colima



























































about


academic programs


online teaching-learning with international collaboration 










how to participate in an online teaching-learning course with internacional collaboration?
how to start online teaching with international collaboration?
international collaboration partner application form
registration form for international online collaboration
associations and networks




gallery
characteristics
current calls
bibliography









internationalization










accomodation
documents
coordinators
internationalization
international faculty
international students



siele
loro friend
internships
special courses
programs and courses taught in english


















                                 
                                 



















 












study at the udc












academic programs







international students







international faculty








calendar







 




 


 




 


 














thinking about udc?
see more











news









ver nota




 
                                            martes, 21 de agosto de 2018
                                        

iii japan week at the school of economics
during this third week, it was informed at the opening that there will be masterly conferences, presentations, a workshop and the screening of a...








ver nota




 
                                            miércoles, 1 de agosto de 2018
                                        

university coach attends fisu games in brazil
cristóbal aburto participated as leader of the judo delegation in the first pan american games, in brazil.








ver nota




 
                                            lunes, 16 de julio de 2018
                                        

first generation of ba in international business (taught in english) is graduated 
 the faculty of economics not only graduates students with the necessary tools to face the challenges of the workplace, but people committed to...








ver nota




 
                                            martes, 10 de julio de 2018
                                        

scholars of the university of colima presented research project in the inea
the professors have visited more than 30 schools for adults in california and conducted interviews with students, coordinators, and teachers, as well...








ver nota




 
                                            martes, 3 de julio de 2018
                                        

saul ibarra, student of the udec, obtains more awards in piano competition
the student of the university of colima, saúl ulises ibarra ramos, obtained in these days a resounding triumph in one of the most important...








ver nota




 
                                            jueves, 8 de marzo de 2018
                                        

uvm and university of santo tomás de aquino
udec delivers double-degree titles








ver nota




 
                                            viernes, 27 de octubre de 2017
                                        

the national council for science and technology supports an udec researcher in conducting a stay in tel aviv
*the mathematician andrés pedroza will travel to israel to collaborate in researches related to the area of symplectic geometry, for which there...








ver nota




 
                                            jueves, 12 de octubre de 2017
                                        

the university of colima and the zhejiang university sign two agreements
the university of colima and the zhejiang international studies university (zisu), china, signed two double degree agreements for students of tourism...



 


- go to news -









location




































ajuste de brillo






ajuste de color










































av. universidad no. 333, las víboras, c.p. 28040, colima, colima, méxico.










social medias































contact

international affairs and academic cooperation office
+52(312) 3161063 ext. 34207
 relacionesinternacionales@ucol.mx








© derechos reservados 2022 - 2025 universidad de colima 
este sitio podrá ser citado mientras no sea con fines de lucro, únicamente colocando su respectiva fuente y dirección electrónica. de otra manera, se solicitará presentar un permiso previamente escrito de la respectiva institución.

aviso de privacidad





















