


bride of the year | wedding directory | wedding ideas






























photography: melissa cooney photography

≡ menu



wedding directory



              accessories
            



              accommodation
            



              bomboniere
            



              bridal showers
            



              cakes
            



              calligraphy services
            



              cars & transport
            



              caterers
            



              celebrants
            



              ceremony venues
            



              decorator
            



              destination weddings
            



              wedding dresses
            



              flowers
            



              formal wear
            



              hair and makeup
            



                        wedding hair
                      



                        wedding makeup
                      





              hens nights & bucks parties
            



              invitations
            



              jewellery
            



              wedding lingerie
            



              music, bands & djs
            



              photography
            



              wedding planner
            



              reception venues
            



              wedding shoes
            



              videography
            





bride of the year

enter bride of the year

vote bride of the year

about bride of the year

bride of the year finalists 2023

bride of the year 2022 winner

bride of the year past winners



wedding planning

wedding budget & cost calculator

wedding calendar

wedding seating plan

your wedding suppliers

how much does a wedding cost?

who pays for the wedding?



wedding ideas

choosing your bridesmaids

top 10 wedding flowers and wedding bouquet tips!

top 10 best long lasting lipsticks

9 best wedding perfumes

wedding eye makeup

flower girls and page boys

wedding master of ceremony

wedding speech

wedding symbolism

destination weddings

changing your name

wedding vows

selecting your wedding dj

saving for your dream wedding

pricy wedding dresses



gallery

bridesmaids dresses

bridal hair styles

getting ready robes



wedding stories

wedding talk

sign up
log in

















bride of the year 2023 winner - sophie harrison from tas








bride of the year 2023 winner - sophie harrison from tas







bride of the year 2023 winner - sophie harrison from tas







bride of the year 2023 winner - sophie harrison from tas







bride of the year 2023 winner - sophie harrison from tas







bride of the year 2023 winner - sophie harrison from tas








 


bride of the year 
                    competition 
the original bride of the year comp
vote 2024     enter comp






wedding stories



small and intimate

, for my 30th birthday, grant took me to my favourite store 'mister zimi' and let me pick out any dress. i thought i was already in heaven. th... read more






five days to organise a wedding

brad and i first met casually as he was my brothers friend- love at fist sight hmm no!!! years went by and i was living on the gold coast and ... read more






down to twenty

funny story, david was actually one of my brothers best friends so i only ever saw david as one of my "bros" and me his little "sis". growing ... read more






25 years in the making

nathan and i have known each other for 25 years when we got married. we first met through my brother. they both went to bowen high school and ... read more





wedding blog
9 special considerations for selecting wedding flowerschoosing your wedding flowers and floral arrangements is an important aspect of planning your wedding. after all, your wedding bouquet will li... read more8 tips to choosing your wedding cakethe ceremonial "cake cutting" is an important part of any traditional wedding reception; not only does it create a sweet moment for your photo... read morearrive in style in your dream wedding carwith so many decisions to make when it comes to your special day, it can sometimes be easy to overlook details like wedding transportation. ho... read moretop 12 bridal shower gamesbridal shower games are a fun part of the lead-up to your big day. of course, be prepared to be embarrassed – there’s no way you w... read more


wedding suppliers



ben o'brien hair stylist

ben is hot in the market in tasmania, as an awarding winning hairstylist and leader in hairstyling! read more






rachel gutierrez photography

                        thoughtfully curated, sydney wedding photography since 2006 read more






vicki miller photography

                        a sunchasing, visual storyteller, with a love for the country lifestyle & all the moments in life read more






astrid simone photography

                        telling your story, capturing real life moments read more













true bride

about us
contact us
trade enquiry
list your business
supplier login



quick links

wedding directory
bride of the year
wedding planning
wedding ideas
wedding gallery
wedding stories
blog



account

log in
sign up



sign up to our  e-news
















follow us











          © copyright true bride pty ltd (acn 094 501 612) 2001-2025  australia. all rights reserved
        


sitemap
resources













      


