































































vernon county times | lacrossetribune.com




















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















-6°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition




























news


obituaries


sports


e-edition


public notices


buy & sell




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives




our publications


courier



houston county news



westby times



the journal



vernon county times




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



shop local



i love a deal



wisconsin public notices




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





linkedin





youtube





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







news

obituaries

sports

e-edition

buy & sell









-6°
fair

















                
                vernon county times
                
                    

















        
        
            free community meal to be served in viroqua feb. 24

the next free community meal will be held on feb. 24 at good shepherd lutheran church in viroqua from 5 until 6:30 p.m.

















        
        
            man arrested in vernon county for shooting a gun while driving on highway 14

a 49-year-old cuba city man is in custody after the vernon county sheriff's office said the man was arrested for reckless endangerment involving a firearm while driving friday night. 

















        
        
            free small business clinic planned in whitewater feb. 28

the office of business & entrepreneurship (obe), the uw whitewater small business development center (sbdc), and madison college watertown (matc) will host a small business clinic on friday, feb. 28, at madison college-watertown campus, watertown.

















        
        
            raising cane's and tokyo fusion to open in la crosse - steve cahalan

i’ve got news about timetables for opening la crosse’s new raising cane’s chicken fingers restaurant and new tokyo fusion restaurant, and news about the jade willow boutique moving within galesville and a st. croix hospice branch office moving from west salem to la crosse. also, i see that t…

















        
        
            flu cases surge in u.s., 13,000 deaths reported this season -- healthful hints

second winter wave of influenza is sweeping the u.s. with 24 million illnesses and 57 child deaths. cdc estimates 20,000-30,000 deaths this season.

















        
        
            cybersecurity event shuts down systems at newspaper

lee enterprises, the parent company of the vernon county times, was the victim of a cybersecurity event that shut down many of its networks the week of feb. 3. 

















        
        
            county connection: free lead testing for children in la crosse

la crosse county public health nurses intervened in 14 cases of childhood lead poisoning last year, underscoring an ongoing public health concern. the department is working to raise awareness and encourage more families to take advantage of free lead testing services. 























        
        
            oktoberfest button design contest deadline feb. 27




oktoberfest usa announces their 2025 button design contest is underway. submissions will be accepted until 4 p.m. feb. 27. the contest is a tradition that dates to the start of oktoberfest in 1961. for the 64th year, the theme is “where tradition meets celebration!” the la crosse festivals, …




















        
        
            vernon county sheriff's report




sheriff roy torgerson reports the following ongoing activities for the year and narrative excerpts from the week ending feb. 8. 




















        
        
            free powerful tools for caregivers workshop begins feb. 28




a free powerful tools for caregivers workshop will be offered in vernon county beginning friday, feb. 28 




















        
        
            vernon county over 50 offers yoga for seniors




vernon county over 50 is offering a gentle form of yoga starting march 4. 































        
        
            vernon county seeks community representative for the human services and veteran’s services committee

vernon county is seeking a community representative to serve on the department of human services and veteran's services committee.

















        
        
            viroqua community bell choir starting beginning bell group

the viroqua community bell choir is forming a new beginning bell group, with its first meeting to be held at the viroqua united methodist church on tuesday, feb. 25.

















        
        
            opinion - close to home: remember to say i love you when you say goodbye

“have mercy on me o lord, for i am tottering…” psalm 6. 

















        
        
            kickapoo co-op girls wrestling wins conference championship

the kickapoo/la farge/youth initiative girls wrestling team, known as "the pink army," was crowned the ridge and valley conference champions on friday, feb. 7.

















        
        
            pages from the past

the vernon county censor feb. 18, 1925 — 100 years ago 

















        
        
            vernon county museum notes

february is black history month, and a great time to explore the history of african americans in vernon county. today we’ll take a look at the story of a boy called danger. 


























        
        
            vernon county barn quilt trail takes off with coon valley star quilt

a barn quilt has been hung on the erickson building in coon valley, wisconsin, marking the beginning of the vernon county barn quilt trail.

















        
        
            viroqua free plastic presentation to be given at viroqua library

viroqua plastic free is hosting an interactive event, "it ain't easy being green," at mcintosh memorial library on tuesday, feb. 25, from 4:30 to 6:30 p.m.

















        
        
            floralia and applewood - pets of the week

meet floralia! this golden-eyed gal is looking for a home that checks all her boxes: mellow, low-traffic home with a kitty friend and some fun toys! she’s lived with other super active kitties and felt overrun as they were stealing all her shine. she loves to brush up against you and just be…

















        
        
            high school sports roundup

wrestling 

















        
        
            viroqua fire department responds to two rural fires friday

on february 7, the viroqua fire department in wisconsin responded to two separate fires.

















        
        
            driftless humane society pets of the week

happy valentine’s day! let’s share some of that love with an adoptable animal. february feline frenzy, with 50% off all cat adoptions, is still going on. 





more vernon county times



























×
















facebook





twitter





linkedin





youtube





instagram









sites & partners


advertise with us

buy & sell

real estate

jobs

classifieds

celebrations

shop local businesses

la crosse restaurants and dining guide

bike trail guide

contact us

work here

online features

get healthy




services


la crosse tribune

courier

houston county news

the journal

vernon county times

winona daily news

chippewa herald

dunn county news

river valley media group

become a carrier

dealer returns

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        la crosse tribune, 1407 st. andrew st., suite a100 la crosse, wi 54603
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe































