 oklahoma genealogy - oklahoma genealogy        skip to content




menu oklahoma genealogyoklahoma genealogy is being developed as a genealogical and historical resource for your personal use. it contains information and records for oklahoma ancestry, family history, and genealogy. specifically, it provides sources for birth records, death records, marriage records, census records, tax records, court records, and military records. it also provides some historical details about different times and people in oklahoma history.adair | cherokee | craig | delaware | mayes | mcintosh | muskogee | nowata | ottawa | rogers | sequoyah | wagoner | washingtonhistory and more:biographies of muskogee and northern oklahomaland formerly designated indian territorymuskogee and northeastern oklahoma biographiesacts. agreements, treatiescherokee treaties, one through tencherokee treaties, eleven through fifteencreek treaties, one through fifteenact of union between eastern and western cherokee, 1838articles of agreement between the cherokee and delawareliberality and progress of cherokee–their freedmencost of emigration to indian territoryto the indian territory by waterschermerhorn’s threatproposed division of the cherokee nationeastern cherokeeindians in the civil war of 1861 to 1865earnest appeals of confederate emissariesan indian agent’s reportanother agent’s statementthe dawes commission (in 3 parts)attitude of indians toward dissolution of tribal governmentsallotment of indian landshow titles to town lots were securedmilitaryjudge j. m. keys’ tribute to stand watie and his men extract from life of general watiethe fort gibson national cemeteryclaremore moundindian refugees of the civil warcollamore’s reportsuperintendent coffin’s reportletter of chief john rosscoffin scores the militarystand watie’s activitiesschoolsindian tribal schoolscreek schoolstullahassee mission schoolnuyaka missioneufaula high schooleuchee missionother boarding schoolsearly indian mission schoolscherokee orphan asylumoklahoma state homeoklahoma military academymore historythe “tragedy of going snake”graft and grafterstribal taxesball games, dancing and ghost dancetrust fundsthe eastern ideafirst united states court at muskogeethe united states court in indian territorygeneral council for indian territoryno man’s land
atoka county fighting men

atoka county 
the fighting men of oklahoma was published in 1948 by the victory publishing company of oklahoma city. the theme of the series was “a remembrance, an appreciation, a memorial.” six volumes were planned, but for some reason, only two were completed. volume one is a history of the second world war. in the back of this first volume were pages dedicated for the owner’s military records, notes, stories, names and address of friends, autographs, etc.; much like a school yearbook might be. the second volume is filled with photos and short biographies of the men and women who served in the…
read more
biography of angus a. spring

jefferson county 
in 1937, shortly before his death, angus a. spring responded to a questionnaire from the works progress administration for project s-149, the indian pioneer history collection. this project was jointly sponsored by the university of oklahoma and the oklahoma historical society. it was conceived and carried on primarily with the view to collect from living witnesses vital facts and impressions of pioneer life in oklahoma. the field worker, waren d. morse then took this information to the editors who insured two copies were made, one for each of the sponsors.
read more
from wooden rigs to test tube methods

carter county 
oil has been central to ardmore’s growth, starting with an 1888 discovery in healdton. significant exploration began in 1903 by h.b. goodrich, who found the wheeler field, with wells still active today. the healdton field boom commenced in 1913, and by the next year, over 275 wells were operational. the hewitt field discovery in 1919 and its record-breaking well in 1924 furthered ardmore’s prominence. recent efforts focus on rediscovering oil in older fields. carter county is home to 11% of oklahoma’s oil wells, equating to 10 wells per square mile. ardmore houses major oil firms and the ben franklin refinery,…
read more
the good old days

carter county 
on september 1, 1955, j. e. williams wrote to the editor of the daily ardmoreite reflecting on the way life has changed since 1889. he contrasted the limited resources, poor educational system, absence of public infrastructure, and prevalence of diseases of his boyhood in ardmore, indian territory, with the modern advancements enjoyed in 1955. williams recalled a world without telephones, electricity, or paved roads, where survival amidst diseases and crime was a harsh reality, vastly different from the conveniences and opportunities available to children of his day. despite hardships, williams felt proud of societal progress, including improved employment conditions, community…
read more
early history of carter county oklahoma

carter county 
before 1820, southern oklahoma was mostly inhabited by scattered plains indian tribes until treaties with the federal government ceded lands to the choctaw nation, one of the five civilized tribes. the choctaws moved west of the mississippi to their new home beginning in 1832 on the difficult trek known as the “trail of tears.” throughout the following decades, the land transitioned from indian to white ownership, as the chickasaws purchased the right to establish districts in choctaw land, later forming the chickasaw nation with its own government and counties.over time, the increasing presence of white men, such as ranchers from…
read more
historic oklahoma divorce laws

statewide 
in historical oklahoma, divorce jurisdiction varied among native american nations, with cherokee, choctaw, chickasaw, and muskogee courts overseeing cases and maintaining records. the choctaw nation uniquely mandated clerks to use a “large blank book” for record-keeping. post-1890, nebraska’s laws, followed by arkansas’s laws under the organic act, governed divorces in oklahoma territory, initially placing jurisdiction in district courts. by 1895, sole authority rested with district courts. divorce records reported to the state board of health starting in 1908 were poorly complied with, resulting in a lack of health department records of divorces.
read more
1
2
3
4
5
…
7
8
9
10
next »neighboring states arkansas genealogy colorado genealogy kansas genealogy missouri genealogy new mexico genealogy texas genealogyaccessgenealogysearchsearchsubscribe to oklahoma genealogyenter your email address to subscribe to oklahoma genealogy and receive notifications of new posts by email.

type your email…							








 
subscribe							dawes commission negotiationsoklahoma archives and librariesoklahoma biographiesoklahoma cemetery recordsaaron to avoca cemetery, oklahomabailey to bethel cemetery, oklahomabethel grove to bower cemetery, oklahomabox to byron-amorita cemetery, oklahomacabaniss to chambers cemetery, oklahomacemeteries of oklahomachandler to coleman cemetery, oklahomacollett to czecko slovak cemetery, oklahomadale to dwight cemetery, oklahomaeagle chief to ewing chapel cemetery, oklahomafair lawn to fields cemetery, oklahomafillmore to fulsom cemetery, oklahomagable to gyp cemetery, oklahomahackberry to hewitt cemetery, oklahomahi early to hydro masonic cemetery, oklahomaimmaculate conception to isparhecher cemetery, oklahomajackson grove to jumper cemetery, oklahomakansas to kyle cemetery, oklahomalabors to lyon valley cemetery, oklahomamacedonia to morrison cemetery, oklahomamorse to myers cemetery, oklahomanabisco to nuyaka cemetery, oklahomaoak grove to owens prairie cemetery, oklahomapage to platter cemetery, oklahomapleasant grove to purdy cemetery, oklahomaquartz to robberson cemetery, oklahomarock to ryan cemetery, oklahomasac to secondine cemetery, oklahomaseeley to sperry cemetery, oklahomaspigner to swink cemetery, oklahomatahlequah to tyrone cemetery, oklahomaudora to ural cemetery, oklahomavalley to vore cemetery, oklahomawade to white dove cemetery, oklahomawhite flat to wynnewood cemetery, oklahomayake to zoraya cemetery, oklahomaoklahoma census and taxation recordsoklahoma genealogyoklahoma genealogy societiesoklahoma historical mapsoklahoma land and mapsoklahoma military recordsoklahoma newspapers and obituariesoklahoma vital recordstrust fundsoklahoma genealogy by countyadair countyatoka countycarter countycherokee countycraig countydelaware countyjefferson countykiowa countymayes countymcintosh countymuskogee countynowata countyottawa countyrogers countysequoyah countystatewidewagoner countywashington countylatest oklahoma genealogyatoka county fighting menbiography of angus a. springfrom wooden rigs to test tube methodsthe good old daysearly history of carter county oklahoma
© 2001-2025 oklahoma genealogy. all rights reserved.              


