





  









  diagnostemps | radiology staffing agency for radiology professionals and healthcare facilities



























diagnostemps temporary radiology staffing agency




login | my account 








home
about
careers
links
apply
contact us







radiology professionals




healthcare facilities








headquartered in dallas, tx, diagnostemps is a specialized staffing agency that is committed to providing the highest quality of trusted, on-demand personnel solutions to hospitals, outpatient facilities, surgery centers and physician offices. established in 1993, diagnostemps excels at meeting the temporary staffing needs of healthcare offices throughout the dallas-fort worth area and all across the united states.

mission statement
we are committed to deliver the same high quality, cost-effective healthcare service that we ourselves would both want and expect should we ourselves be the individuals in need.

 ****  attention!  december 1-31 is open enrollment and the time to add or drop coverage for yourself or a dependent(s)***





 




radiology podcasts
        	diagnostemps is an official sponsor of "the rad tech life" podcast on spotify!(click here)  listen to these informative radiology themed episodes to hear more about diagnostemps and support the radiology community! affordable ce credits can also be found on their website: www.radtechcredits.com




"it's not easy being green" - kermit the frog
and it's not easy in the document-driven world of healthcare staffing either, but we'll try our best!  we've already implemented the employee self service program and we'll continue to look for more ways to recycle and reduce our consumption of paper goods.  as we do, we'll be sure to alert everybody as to the changes and in the meantime feel free to call us with any suggestions.    
      		
are you looking for a career advancement? 

      		
      		
      		the thomas institute of health professions can help you accomplish this goal. nationally, we offer training through online courses, seminars, webinars, and onsite training. it is our mission to provide innovative programs that reflects the needs of our students and the community. we specialize in rising healthcare professionals such as certified radiographers, radiation therapists, and nuclear medicine technologists to the next level in computed tomography (ct) and magnetic resonance imaging (mri) and mammography.

			let us rise you to the next level!

				for more information click here.
      		



 



statement on covid-19

dear diagnostemps team member:

we take your personal health and safety very seriously.  we are currently in a rapidly evolving situation and we will adjust our policies in accordance with federal agencies and public health officials.  

hand-washing is your best self-defense against the spread of germs.  especially wash your hands after  coughing or sneezing, before eating and after using the restroom.  use hand sanitizer whenever available.

be vigilant. if you have traveled to any of the countries or states where there are outbreaks of the virus, please follow guidance on the cdc website. 
stay alert.  if you come across a patient exhibiting any symptoms of covid-19 (fever, shortness of breath, cough, sneezing) discreetly and professionally alert your on-site manager. 

please stay home if you are not feeling well, especially if you have a fever, are coughing or sneezing or are experiencing shortness of breath.  
our contact numbers are:


972-934-3674 
toll-free 888-687-3606
after hrs. and on weekends call or text 214-226-4642. 


thank you for being a valued team member and please do not hesitate to reach out to us with any questions or concerns.
 

*** changes to the mrt license will affect your renewal ***


        		with the passing of senate bill 202 the mrt license is now regulated by the texas medical board(tmb).  the old initial application and renewal processes that the texas department of health (tdh) had are no longer in place.  the tmb process will cost the same but the process will be much longer and will require a lot more of your time.  including having to get fingerprinted!  please - to avoid a lapse in your license get started on your renewal asap!!!  we are hearing stories from technologists right now that it is taking the tmb 3-6 months to process applications.  here are some helpful links:

to read more about the tmb process click here. 

to start your online application click here. 

to print your fast fingerprint pass click here.

to make an appointment to get fingerprinted click here.  
			
 
in need of ceu's?
x-ray lady has a great website for all your needs!  there are over 50 home study courses for radiography, ct, bone densitometry, mammography, mri and ultrasound.  all the courses are approved by the asrt and you can do them by mail, ebook or via e-mail.  click here to visit the x-ray lady website or call them at 502-425-0651.
need lead markers?
penn-jersey x-ray has all your needs!  and you can even add your own little "personal touch" to them.  visit www.pjxray.com to check them out.







diagnostemps gets gold seal from the joint commision
diagnostemps has received the joint commission's gold seal of approval. the joint commission’s health care staffing certification offers an independent, comprehensive evaluation of a staffing firm’s ability to provide competent staffing services to medical facilities. the joint commission evaluates and accredits nearly 15,000 health care organizations and programs in the united states and is the nation’s predominant standards-setting and accrediting body in health care.


certification provides hospitals and surgery centers with assurance that a staffing company is committed to providing and improving the quality and safety of care. to earn and maintain the joint commission’s gold seal of approval™, an organization must undergo an on-site survey at least every two years.


diagnostemps honored as “true blue business”

diagnostemps was recently invited to participate in the true blue business recognition series, a program that publicly recognizes exceptional companies and business owners in the dallas-fort worth area that are “doing business right.”  
we consider it a great honor to have met the guidelines set forth for the series.  all involved felt as though gaining true blue recognition was a validation of diagnostemps’ mission statement and principles.  
diagnostemps’ president, matt broderick, was interviewed by scott sams, morning show host at krld newsradio 1080 and former news anchor at cbs 11 and wfaa-tv channel 8 for the series.  




matt broderick (right) president of diagnostemps receives a true blue plaque from scott sams



© 2023 diagnostemps radiology staffing agency | layout, html & css by duncan/day  |  asp.net & sql server database by computerdatabase.com

 














