






the inn at montchanin village | wilmington, delaware












 







the inn at 
      montchanin village & spa
a historic hotel of america 

 

home
meetings
weddings
dining
spa
packages
gift cards
nearby
reviews
about
contact






 




 













 
welcome to the inn at montchanin village & spa
      in historic wilmington, delaware
"one of the happiest places to live!"
      peter greenberg, travel writer 10/2023
    
come stay the night, relax and enjoy our peaceful grounds, stunning gardens, luxury accommodations, restful spa, and the wonderful culinary delights of krazy kat's restaurant.
rise above the ordinary and discover the natural beauty and gracious hospitality of the inn at montchanin village & spa- a historic hotel of america, where we carefully blend the luxury of a fine hotel, a distinctive executive retreat, and award-winning culinary offerings; all nestled on several pristine acres in wilmington, delaware's greenville neighborhood.
located minutes from downtown wilmington's corporate headquarters and cultural attractions the inn at montchanin village & spa is also central to world renowned museums and gardens, including winterthur museum, longwood gardens, brandywine river art museum and brandywine battlefield, making our historic hotel the perfect place to get away from the hustle and bustle of today's busy life.
join us at our historic hotel in wilmington for your ideal romantic getaway, business travel needs, corporate retreat, or boutique wedding in an easily accessible yet secluded location.
the inn at montchanin village & spa perfectly orchestrate corporate retreats and social gatherings that guests will remember for a lifetime.
 
view our video  |  executive level meetings  |  boutique weddings  |  dining room  |  historic suites


    
historic rooms & suites 
our spacious rooms and suites perfectly blend total luxury, historic charm and modern comforts, creating the ideal setting for corporate travelers and romantic getaways. electric vehicles welcomed, with daily ev charge applied.
one bedroom suites
stunning larger accommodations offering a separate sitting room and bedroom.  some are on one level, and some are on two levels.  many offer a gas fireplace in the sitting room and all have a marble private bathroom with a shower and tub.
beautifully decorated in 19th century original & reproduction antiques and includes a beverage area with complimentary coffee, tea, soda, and bottled waters.

two bedroom suites
      these luxury accommodations offer 2 separate bedrooms that boast their own private marble bathroom for each bedroom.
beautifully decorated in 19th century original & reproduction antiques and includes a beverage area with complimentary coffee, tea, soda and bottled waters.

      classic rooms
      these are the smaller of our room types and are very cozy and beautifully decorated in 19th century original & reproduction antiques.
all have single queen beds and a nicely appointed private bathroom. this room also has a beverage area with complimentary coffee, tea, soda, and bottled waters.

      superior rooms
      these are exceptional, stunning, spacious and beautifully decorated rooms with gas fireplaces, sitting rooms, king bed and large limestone marble bathrooms with oversized walk-in showers and a separate soaking tub.
beautifully decorated in 19th century original & reproduction antiques and includes a beverage area with complimentary coffee, tea, soda and bottled waters.

      please note: close contact between guest room keys and cell phones will deactivate your key and require keys to be reissued. the inn's front desk closes by 11pm and any reissuing of keys after 11pm may take up to 40 minutes to accommodate this service.
due to the historic  nature of the inn some guest rooms have front steps and some accommodations  offer multi-level floor plans.  if you have questions or need assistance,  please inquire when making your reservation or upon arrival.
please contact us to best serve your needs or answer any questions. 302 888 2133
book now
 

 
executive level meetings
escape the office, along with its everyday interruptions and pressures, and join us at the inn at montchanin village &spa, where our peaceful setting aims to inspire, foster creative thought, and rejuvenate.  
our wilmington hotel's reputation for offering the best in corporate retreat services, customizable meeting packages, and venues is well known throughout the wilmington, newark and greater washington dc regions.
add in our distinctive spaces for corporate dinners and renowned, krazy kats restaurant to create a truly comfortable and exceptional culinary experience and stay.  learn more about our private event rooms and start planning your productive gatherings now.
expand your horizons and choose a corporate setting with all the destination perks and privacy that only the inn at montchanin village can offer.    


learn 
          more
request 
          information


or please call   302 888 2133


 
 
boutique weddings 
celebrate your wedding with us at our restored, historic hamlet in wilmington, delaware.
with a helping hand our team of wedding professionals, your wedding celebration will be fun to plan and even more fun to enjoy.
plus, with our on-site spa, restaurant, bar and 28 distinctive rooms and suites, the inn at montchanin village & spa offers nearly everything needed for your  perfect wedding celebration.
 


learn 
          more
request 
          information


or please call  302 888 2133



    
exceptional dining - onsite



            today’s krazy kat's

reservations recommended
~~~~~~~~~~~
outside & inside seating capacities are limited 
~~~~~~~~~~~

            monday through thursday
            5pm to 8pm

friday & saturday
            5pm to 8:30pm

            sunday
            10am to 2pm
            5pm to 8pm


 
please join us and we look forward to serving you again.
          curbside service offered!
safe travels.  safe dining.


request information
reservations


 



 
once the village blacksmith shop, is today krazy kat's restaurant, a renowned dining spot for locals, travelers, and refined special occasions.
known for its fresh, locally sourced, and creative cuisine, a whimsical decor featuring tiger-print chairs and  portraits of military-garbled felines cover the walls, krazy kat's consistently provides an enjoyable dining experience.
the menu features  a farm to table seasonal cuisine for brunch, lunch and dinner.  
an elegantly appointed private dining-room known as the crow's nest seating up to 40 guests is located just above krazy kat's on the second floor. it is an ideal location for social gathering such as boutique weddings, rehearsal dinners, special celebrations and corporate events.
a la carte menu choice is also available for private parties. a gas-burning fireplace completes the regal, private atmosphere.    
 


view menu
request information
reservations


 
 




      



 
the inn at montchanin village & spa
 302-888-2133      528 montchanin road, wilmington, de 19710                                           
