















welcome to community financial corporation


















 



skip to main content 








menu 



 












 







home 






lending solutions 

about us 

contact us 






 













welcome to community financial corporation 
 



financing builders since 2000community financial corporation offers lending solutions for short-term construction and lot/land acquisition and development for builders in oregon and southwest washington. 
we take pride in our reassuring, low-key approach to help you find the best loan for your needs. community financial makes local decisions regarding loan approvals, closings and disbursements. we're pleased to provide local servicing to our clients.  





loan optionscommunity financial offers a wide variety of financial products for builders including: 

speculative construction loans
lot/land acquisition
land development loans
see lending options 







business banking optionscommunity financial corporation is a wholly owned subsidiary of banner bank. banner provides business banking solutions to its clients. learn how we can help your business thrive through a wide range of products including business checking and savings, online banking, credit and debit cards, and more. view solutions 







community involvementin business since 2000, community financial is proud to support the communities in which we live and serve throughout oregon and southwest washington.learn more about us 




















contact & support 

ada accessibility 

privacy policy 

nmls list 

































 





© 2025 community financial corporation is a subsidiary of banner bank.        





 










×


                                    you are about to leave the community financial corporation website
                                




by clicking continue, you will be taken to a third party website. third party websites are not operated by community financial corporation, and may not follow the same privacy, security or accessibility standards as those of the community financial corporation site, a banner bank subsidiary.
 



continue 
                                            cancel
                                        





 









        this website uses cookies and behavioral data for analytics, personalized content and to optimize your browsing experience.
by using our website, you agree to this use. to learn more about how your data is collected and used, please read our privacy notice.
    

confirm


 

