





body language expert and speaker | patti wood, ma
















body language expert | motivational speaker | keynote speaker | communication expert | presentation & speaking skills trainer | one-on-one coach



speaker, trainer, spokesperson, & media authority
body language expert and high energy speaker, patti wood, is interviewed on; the today show, cnn, pbs, fox news, good morning america, the talk, the history channel, dr. drew, nancy grace, steve harvey, and by publications such as; the wall street journal, forbes, business week, usa today, the huffington post, people, oprah, esquire, psychology today, the week, fortune, sports illustrated, life & style, us weekly, and more. 

"patti wood is the babe ruth of body language experts, the gold standard of body language experts, and the capo di tutti capi of body language experts." - the washington postpatti wood holds a ba and ma in body language and nonverbal communication. her programs on body language, presentation skills, sales, and media interviewing, get people up out of their chairs interacting and laughing.  she is also the author of seven books on communication including,"snap - making the most of first impressions, body language, and charisma."if you are looking for a smart, savvy body language expert and an experienced speaker for a keynote speech or onsite training call us today at 404-315-7397 or email us at patti@pattiwood.net or click here to book patti now!see how patti will get your group energized answers to first impressions quiz on youtube patti wood is on the history channel special entitled,  "the secrets of body language" she is one of the leading experts in nonverbal communication in the world who were interviewed about how to read  body language and paralanguage (voice.) be sure to catch the next airing of the history channel body language special.  "the signals are loud and clear when it comes to delivering body talk. patti wood is the consummate communicator - mastering the verbal and non-verbal..."joanne, toronto sun media patti wood discusses the body language of jonbenet's parents with aphrodite jones on this segment  if you would like to contact patti about speaking or coaching contact her today! patti@pattiwood.net check patti's blog for more insights on the presidential candidates! free body language teleclass...reading your clients body language teleclass tune into this special call! whether you are an entrepreneurs, solopreneurs, small business owners, sales professionals, corporate executives, student or consumer! you must have these key tips discussed in patti's ongoing teleseries! grab your spot to learn how to use body language for you! register now for the 07/28/2009 teleclass at 12:30 pm estcan't make it - no worries! we will be sending the recording to all registeredã‚ 48 hours after the call. register now... the body language expert... patti wood was credited in the new york times with bringing "body language to the national consciousness" and dubbed by the media and law enforcement as the "body language lady"and the "deception detective." as a keynote speaker, trainer & coach patti uses her humor, 25 years of nonverbal communication and awesome business savvy to wow your audiences of 500 or 5000! patti's bio learn why patti is a body language expert dynamic program descriptions one on one coaching services patti's media coverage patti's clients speak list of patti's clients connect with patti on linkedin! communication dynamic's virtual services team 


home
programs
coaching
about patti
body language expert 

articles
patti in the news 
free newsletter sign up
body language blog
book patti now!
for meeting planners
for media people








republican presidentialcandidates' body language



cnn's situation room



secrets of body language



secrets of body language


"wow! superb! outstanding! patti never fails to deliver an outstanding program!"
aaohn 
"she knows her stuff & she knows how to teach it! i want to be like her!"
st jude hospital 
"patti is the most dynamic, high-energy presenter i've ever seen. excellent..." 
gencorp 
"patti was so authentic, energetic &  inspiring"
quadramed







communication dynamics | 
            atlanta, georgia 30033
            (404) 315-7397 phone | patti@pattiwood.net






© copyright communication dynamics 2000-2025. all rights reserved.







