




debate08














tired of reading extreme views on either side? ready for some level-headed debate? good. debate08 hopes to give you what you're looking for. 




if the 2008 democratic presidential primary were held today, whom would you support if the candidates are:
evan bayh 
joe biden
wesley clark 
hillary clinton 
john edwards 
russ feingold 
john kerry 
bill richardson 
tom vilsack 
mark warner 
undecided 


  


free polls from pollhost.com




democratic congressional campaign committee
democratic senatorial campaign committee



hillary clinton 
official site
issues
finances


john kerry 
official site
issues
finances



al gore 
senator joseph biden 
howard dean 
senator evan bayh 
john edwards 
governor bill richardson 



cnn
cbs news
msnbc
la times
ny times
washington post
bbc news



air america
npr



crooks and liars




google news
yahoo! news
associated press
reuters


january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
november 2005
april 2006


contact debate08 for details




will the us attack iran? should we?yes, we will ... and damn right we should!no, we will not ... much to the peril of that region.yes, we will ... gwb is obsessed with war.no, we will not ... even gwb is not that crazy.  free polls from pollhost.com



saturday, april 15, 2006


	 
	 rough week for israel...
	 
    

tuesday: iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad (above) announces that iran has successfully enriched uranium, a required and difficult step in the process of making nuclear weapons.friday: "like it or not, the zionist regime is heading toward annihilation," ahmadinejad said at the opening of a conference in support of the palestinians."the zionist regime is a rotten, dried tree that will be eliminated by one storm."hmm ... i wonder of these two items are related somehow?
posted by debate08 at 12:59 pm
comments | trackback
 


saturday, november 05, 2005


	 
	 arnold says: beat it beatty
	 
    

arnold's staff literally slammed the door on warren beatty and wife annette bening today in san diego as the two liberal activists tried to crash the governor's event.when asked how it felt, beatty reportedly said it was no big deal, adding that he's used to the feeling, as the hollywood studios have been slamming doors in his face ever since his last bomb, town & country, grossed $6.7m after costing new line cinema $90m to make.on another note, during beatty's 44-year career (1961 to present) he's made a mere 22 movies. on average an actor works for about 2 months on a movie.that means in 44 years beatty has worked 44 months, or 1 month per year.by contrast, governor schwarzenegger - before making the trip to sacramento - made 39 movies in his 35-year film career. that averages out to a little more than 2 months a year of hard labor for the governor.makes you wonder if we should be listening to either of them.
posted by debate08 at 4:06 pm
comments | trackback
 


monday, september 26, 2005


	 
	 cindy sheehan:
	 
    

how exactly does this honor your son?
posted by debate08 at 6:35 pm
comments | trackback
 


tuesday, september 20, 2005


	 
	 what's in a name...?
	 
    

i don't know about you, but i've always wondered how they name tropical storms and hurricanes.this from the world meteorological organization (wmo)military weather forecasters began giving women's names to significant storms during wwii, then in 1950 the world meteorological organization agreed to an alphabetical naming system, using the military's radio code.the first named atlantic hurricane was able in 1950.officials soon realized the naming convention would cause problems in the history books if more than one powerful hurricane able made landfall.so, in 1953 the organization adopted a rotating series of women's names, planning to retire names of significant storms.feminists urged the wmo to add men's names, which was done in 1979. the boy-girl-boy-girl naming convention evolved to include french and spanish names in the atlantic system, reflecting the languages of the nations affected by caribbean hurricanes.twenty-one names are reserved each year (the letters q, u, x, y and z are not used), and the names are recycled every six years, minus those retired. when a name is retired, the world meteorological organization chooses a new name to replace it.
posted by debate08 at 8:40 pm
comments | trackback
 


wednesday, september 07, 2005


	 
	 jack stanton cares about you!
	 
    

i have to admit it - i like john travolta. i think he's a good actor. but outside of the movies, he scares me. that scientology thing is just way too creepy (although i love the t-shirts!)but i do give him and his wife props for flying their private jet down south to deliver food and medicine to the victims. good for him.this picture though reminded me of his role in primary colors (in which he plays southern governor, and presidential candidate, jack stanton - based on bill clinton) and the opening scene that talks about the "political handshake."the narrator says that if stanton gives a two handed handshake then he "cares" about what the person is saying.if he touches the forearm or the elbow of the person with one hand, during the handshake, then he "really cares." the higher up the arm stanton goes the more he "understands," "sympathizes" and "cares" until, in the ultimate show of devotion, he reaches the shoulder.the point of the scene was to show that every move - even a simple handshake - was calculated and thought out (in other words, not genuine) for stanton (i.e. clinton)maybe i'm being unfair, but i saw this picture and immediately thought of that scene.
posted by debate08 at 2:08 pm
comments | trackback
 


monday, september 05, 2005


	 
	 not the photo-op he wanted
	 
    

sean penn's attempt to help victims of hurricane katrina took on a leak almost immediately after launch over the weekend. penn forgot to plug a hole in his small boat - that had room for his personal photographer - and his feeble attempts to bail the water out (above) were captured on film.penn was there to do, "whatever i can do to help." but one on-looker apparently taunted "how are you going to get any people in that thing?"it's a funny picture of an "activist" i don't much like ... but penn's willingness to travel to new orleans and do whatever he can (even if it didn't work out) should be commended.perhaps, though, he should just write a big check and leave the rescuing to people who know what they're doing. but i guess the photo-op of writing a check isn't as compelling.
posted by debate08 at 8:44 am
comments | trackback
 


sunday, september 04, 2005


	 
	 chief justice rehnquist dies
	 
    

supreme court chief justice william h. rehnquist has died.there will be plenty of time to analyze the fight to come over his replacement - bush now has the opportunity to elevate an associate judge to the chief justice position and nominate two associates (the nightmare scenario for liberals) - but that can come after rehnquist is laid to rest.rehnquist was nominated to the high court in 1972 by president nixon, and served as chief justice from 1986 until his death on saturday.
posted by debate08 at 7:51 am
comments | trackback
 






 




if the 2008 republican presidential primary were held today, whom would you support if the candidates are:
george allen
jeb bush
bill frist
newt gingrich 
rudy giuliani 
chuck hagel 
john mccain 
bill owens 
george pataki 
condoleezza rice 
mitt romney 
rick santorum 
undecided 


  


free polls from pollhost.com





national republican senatorial committee
national republican congressional committee




george w. bush 
the white house
issues
finances


dr. condoleezza rice 
official site
unofficial campaign site



governor jeb bush 
senator john mccain 
rudy giuliani 
newt gingrich 
senator george allen 
senator bill frist 
governor george pataki 



wsj editorial
drudge report
real clear politics
free republic
weekly standard
fox news



rush limbaugh
dennis prager
bill o'reilly
sean hannity
hugh hewitt



power line
captain's quarters
instapundit
red state



google news
yahoo! news
associated press
reuters




rough week for israel...

arnold says: beat it beatty

cindy sheehan:

what's in a name...?

jack stanton cares about you!

not the photo-op he wanted

chief justice rehnquist dies

blog for relief day

supreme court confirmation hearings next week...

creepy liberals...


contact debate08 for details

host: blogger
design:
 


