





mths – discovering, interpreting, preserving & sharing mountain top history.


























































 









skip to content







search toggle



mthsdiscovering, interpreting, preserving & sharing mountain top history.


about us


about us
history of the mths
board & staff


get involved


membership
share your story
volunteer


events


events
our 50th anniversary


contact
visit us
discover


archives
blog
exhibits
e-newsletter
the hemlock
local history
oral history
photo gallery
video library


 










menu









search for:



submit























welcome to the mountain top historical society of greene county, new york. our campus, including access to the kaaterskill rail trail, is open year-round. 
 
remember keep the catskills beautiful: please carry out what you carry in

while we’re in the process of moving information from our previous website to our new website, the previous site is still available at legacy.mths.org.




a view of the kaaterskill rail trail on the mths campus. walk this serene trail to access the top of kaaterskill falls.

find the trail just beyond the 1913 ulster & delaware train station. it is a pleasant 1.5 mile walk to the falls and trail junctions with north-south lake state park.


the 1913 ulster & delaware train station on the mths campus, the last of its kind in greene county. mths fully restored the train station, which is now on the state historic register, with the help of generous volunteers and donors. 


the 1913 ulster & delaware train station is open during events and seasonally during the summer and fall. contact mthsdirector@mths.org to inquire about times.


support the mountain top historical society with membership today




latest posts from our blog:



armenian history of the mountain top: oral history interview with sonia hairabedian– on a sunny day last summer, board members carli gazoorian and alexandra prince sat down for a delightful armenian lunch with longtime mountain top resident and hunter-tannersville school teacher sonia “siranoush” hairabedian at her home (aka fort shish kabob) overlooking hunter mountain. below is a snippet of the […]
wiltse dunn glass plate negative collectiona collection of 42 glass plate negatives donated by shirley and gerald dunn. the photographs were taken in the early 20th century by oscar showers and include photographs taken in and around tannersville. they include some images of general interest and several family photographs of the showers family and […]
inside the archives
memorial for gary slutzky (1952-2024)gary slutzky (1952-2024) we are deeply saddened by the untimely passing of vice president gary slutzky. he was an incredible friend of the mths. a mover and shaker, he would see what needed to be done and would just do it. he was an active spokesperson for the society […]









stay up to date with our “inside the archives” series on our facebook and instagram


left: justine hommel, a founder of the mths, and the haines falls free library book mobile. 1950. 





thank you to our generous business sponsors
please support the businesses that support the mths


golden anniversary benefactorpatronsustainingsupporterethel & orville slutzky family foundation trustmountain propane, inc.story farms llcthe mansion house at alfie’shunter foundation, inc pancho villa’s mexican restaurantwoodstock school of artrosehaven innthorpe’s gmcpeace villagehaines family associationwilliams lumbersnow bird ski shopc&c excavation, inctryon family foundationbrandywine restaurant marshall & sterling insurance







join the mountain top historical society 









about us
contact
 





							open facebook in a new tab						






							open instagram in a new tab						






							open linkedin in a new tab						






							open pinterest in a new tab						






							open youtube in a new tab						





		© 2025 			
				proudly powered by wordpress			























