















school of planning, public policy and management | university of oregon
















      skip to main content
    










resources for...

current students
faculty/staff






one stop


apply


visit


give




search







search this site













search




menu






school of planning, public policy and management menu



admissions



admissions overview


scholarships and awards


first-year experience


request information





academics



academics overview


academic advising


undergraduate





research


advising


events



events overview


pppm awards





about pppm



about pppm overview


campus and community


leadership


news


accreditation


history



history overview


100 alumni stories archive





success stories



success stories overview


alumni stories











resources for...



current students


faculty/staff





take action



one stop


apply


visit


give












college of design


school of planning, public policy and management


 



main navigation


admissions


academics


research


advising


events


about pppm














homepage








 empowering today's and tomorrow's changemakers




service happens herefor students in the school of planning, public policy and management, the university experience happens at the intersection of the community and classroom. in pppm, you’ll find a welcoming and supportive community that makes a large public university feel small. you’ll find the curriculum that gives you hands-on training to prepare you for the career you want and enhance your resume in ways no textbook can. you'll find wrap-around, one-on-one professional coaching to get you ready for stepping off campus. in pppm, we prepare you to make a difference--and in fact, you'll be making a difference while you are still in the classroom.  visitapply




why come to oregon to study?there are lots of reasons to come to the uo to take the next step in your professional life. hear why we think this is a special place from our students and faculty. 




learn about the university of oregon from the people who know it best: our students. the college tour explores what life is like as a duck as real students tell you their stories from their favorite spots around our beautiful 295-acre campus.  




 undergraduate degreeswhat do sustainability, community change, environmental policy, transportation, and nonprofit administration have in common? all are rooted in making a difference in our communities. choose to study in the school of planning, public policy and management (pppm) to discover how governments, nonprofit organizations, and private-sector firms address some of society's most critical problems—and learn how you can play a crucial role in finding innovative solutions. learn more about:ba or bs in planning, public policy and managementminor in planning, public policy and managementminor in nonprofit administrationexplore undergrad degreesgraduate degreesan advanced degree will help you stand out in the rapidly evolving public and nonprofit sectors. we offer:master of community and regional planning (mcrp)master of public administration (mpa)master of nonprofit management (mnm)accelerated master of nonprofit managementcertificate in nonprofit managementphd in planning and public affairsdiscover grad degrees 




news


 









pppm professor sandoval talks la olympic preparation for "newsweek" article

 









pppm awards set for may 29, 2025

 









pppm alumna explains how nonprofits abroad can fill funding gaps caused by us government aid freezes 


 all news >>  




100%graduate student participation in hands-on learning $4.3min faculty research and project grants in 202397%placement rate for graduates within 6 months 36 of 36oregon counties benefited by pppm student, faculty, and staff projects  top 10public administration and planning programs on the west coast>5500 gradschanging communities




hands-on learning experiencesthe hallmark of the pppm experience is the professional, hands-on experiences students get in school. the community is our classroom, which means students roll up their sleeves and learn by doing. from class projects to navigating the complexities of organizational dynamics of governmental or nonprofit organizations, these hands-on experiences will tip the scales in your favor when it's time to find a job. learn more about our:community planning workshopmpa capstone nonprofit consultancy policy labreal world eugene & lane countysustainable city year programstudy abroad and networking tripsinternshipslivemovestudent community organization (sco)civic impact coalitionthe association of fundraising professionals (afp) student chapter




we love our alumniour alumni mean the world to us—and to each other. over our century-long history, we've built a tight-knit community of accomplished pppm ducks who support student scholarships, share their wisdom in class visits, and help new graduates launch their careers. in the process, they've formed a strong network of personal and professional connections that will last a lifetime.get involvedgive back





 









alumni in actionnaomi evans, mnm ’23 (nonprofit management), is a passionate advocate for working with communities. her education at the university of oregon led her to a program that would allow naomi to tailor her coursework, leverage professional development opportunities, access professionals in the field, and get the hands-on experience she needed to prepare for a career after graduation."the coursework i engaged in was essential for my professional growth and development," evans said. "classes like event planning, visual design, strategic communication, negotiation, project management, and quantitative methods are ones i find myself using daily in my work. a course i wish i had taken [is] volunteer management; while i have a solid foundation in this area, it would have been fantastic to add some additional skills to my toolkit, especially since it relates so closely to what i do now!" read more about naomi
 









 sarah akbari (bs 2018) serves with rare (resource assistance for rural environments) americorps in klamath county as the local food resources coordinator at klamath grown and klamath county osu extension service. in her role, she promotes local food through community engagement, education, and improved food access. sarah has created a digital directory of local producers, manages marketing strategies, and organizes community events. she also works on increasing access to local food through research, helps to secure funding for food assistance programs, and collaborates with community organizations. additionally, sarah focuses on regional capacity building by developing procurement processes and supporting local producers and small businesses through events, newsletters, and marketing campaigns. read more about sarah
 









jake boone, a us army veteran and a double pppm duck (ba '2018 & mpa 2020), has become a key player in oregon's city management scene. in the summer of 2024, he took on the role of garibaldi’s city manager after serving as assistant city manager in cottage grove. boone's passion for local government was fostered and blossomed during his time on cottage grove’s city council and furthered during his education at pppm. these experiences equipped him with the skills to navigate the complexities of city governance.boone thrives on the dynamic nature of city government, where each day brings fresh challenges and opportunities. reflecting on his experience, he said, “everything i’ve done in city government, you know as staff, you never have time to get bored because there’s always something new. it’s not solving the same problem over and over again.” read more about jake
















school of architecture & environmentschool of art + designschool of planning, public policy and managementdepartment of the history of art and architecturefor current faculty/stafffor current studentsfor college of design alumnigive to the school of planning, public policy and management 




college of design school of planning, public policy and management

1209 university of oregon eugene,     or  97403-1209 

        office: hendricks hall , 119        


p: 541-346-3635 



contact us pppm@uoregon.edu














report a concern
nondiscrimination and title ix
accessibility
privacy policy
careers
about
find people



©
university of oregon.
          
all rights reserved.









