


























greater pittsburgh arts council | greater pittsburgh arts council



















skip to main content















translate this page with google translate


top menu


requests for support

 
stay in touch





search








show search form



donate button

donate



main navigation


about


show submenu for "about"




about us


our team


jobs & opportunities




programs + services


show submenu for "programs + services"




the creative hive


shared accessibility equipment


business and legal services for the arts


cultural policy


research reports


grantmaking in the arts


facilitating community connections




membership


show submenu for "membership"




artist membership


organization membership


renew your membership




events


show submenu for "events"




this week's must-see arts & culture events


upcoming arts council events


event accessibility


safe(r) space policy




support


show submenu for "support"




donate


partnerships




arts blog











networking at the creative hive // photo by patrick fisher



  2025 creative hive networking meetups are here

let's connect!











2025 marks an extraordinary milestone for the greater pittsburgh arts council: 20 years of fostering and championing the arts in southwestern pennsylvania.

support our next chapter





 




this week in pittsburgh
must-see event recommendations, featuring art exhibits, concerts, performances, films, literary events, and more!
plan your week



 




graffiti as a cultural bridge
what if communities viewed graffiti as a form of cultural expression rather than criminal activity?
read more



 




now hiring
job openings at some of the area's best arts and cultural institutions, as well as regional and national opportunities.
apply now



 




how are artists really doing?
our artist community survey report captures the voices of hundreds of artists and reveals persistent barriers.
learn more





 upcoming events




 


federal funding opportunities for workforce and economic development
february 19, 2025 | 11am - 12pm
learn more

 


creative hive february 2025
february 25, 2025 | 5:30 - 7:30pm

this event is wheelchair accessible

learn more

 


creative hive march 2025
march 25, 2025 | 5:30 - 7:30pm

this event is wheelchair accessible

learn more



see more events






 




developing and strengthening the arts ecosystem
from networking opportunities to equitable avenues to support arts-related accessibility and legal obstacles, the arts council provides a range of services and programming that nurtures creativity and sustains artistic careers.
learn more



 




framing and guiding cultural investment and action
by combining in-depth research with advocacy-based government relations and community engagement, the arts council champions the economic, cultural, and social impacts of the region's arts and culture sector while driving changemakers to expand equitable access and increase arts funding.
learn more



 




grantmaking in the arts
as the pennsylvania council on the arts' local arts agency serving southwestern pennsylvania, the arts council provides a range of funding opportunities for artists and arts organizations in need of financial support in allegheny, beaver, greene, and washington counties.
learn more



 




facilitating community connections
the arts council bridges the gap between arts facilitators and arts patrons through relationship building and resource sharing, ensuring that arts and culture are incorporated into every aspect of the community we serve.
learn more





   supporters
the greater pittsburgh arts council is supported in part thanks to funding from the following organizations


 


 


 


 


 


 


 







  give to the arts

  please consider supporting our work with a donation. your gift goes directly towards helping us support western pennsylvania's diverse and vibrant arts and culture community.

$25
$50
$100
$250












thanks to the arts council's thorough newsletter and monthly jobs round-up, i applied for the august wilson archive artist-scholar award and won! this means so much in my feeling of belonging in pittsburgh.




from mounting my first exhibition in pittsburgh to crucial funding support, legal advice, and connections, the arts council’s support has been a game changer for my career, and they are a crucial resource for our region.




the arts council connected my organization to a lawyer who was willing to work with us on a volunteer basis to get our non-profit status. they were courteous, responsive, and committed to get us connected to the right person. great working with them!




the financial support i received from the cea grant offered by the arts council played a pivotal role in my artistic journey. the grant not only alleviated financial pressures but also opened doors for me to showcase my work on a national stage.




the arts have an immeasurable impact on society. the arts council recognizes this and actively works to document and thoughtfully communicate these impacts to ensure our effective leaders support the valuable labor of artists and cultural workers.




the arts council guided me in completing my first grant application, hosted a class on american sign language for the arts, and graciously attended the opening for my sign language series of paintings, funded by their allegheny arts revival grant.




the arts council plays a crucial role in the local arts and culture sector by making the efforts to champion underrepresented artists and fostering community engagement within the arts. 




as a full-time artist, i highly value the networks and opportunities the arts council provides. from receiving grants to being on grant panels, the arts council has strengthened my connections to pittsburgh's arts communities to advance my art career.




a very important part of being an artist is inclusion with the greater arts community. arts council events have given me the chance to meet and work with many other artists. it's engaged me as a member of a community that supports and uplifts each other.




the greater pittsburgh arts council is an invaluable arts connection that convenes and embraces arts and artists in a celebration of collaboration and diversity.




as a small arts space, having the arts council amplify our offerings by visiting, reposting, and blogging has been huge for us. the new visitors and connections are invaluable. the whole team is helping lift up local art and artists.






  testimonials from our community





  jocelyn ibarra
founder, showrunner, and design lead, the time travel agency





  mikael owunna
multimedia artist and the cofounder and executive director of rainbow serpent





  carolina loyola-garcia
director & instructor, flamenco pittsburgh





  rona chang
founder and ceo, otto finn





  joseph hall
executive director, kelly strayhorn theater





  kathy mazur
visual artist





  ashanté josey
visual artist





  max gonzales
muralist, arts educator





  dan o'donnell aka faj
visual artist





  tess dally
physically integrated dancer, member of the arts council's disabled artists creative cohort





  nanci goldberg
owner, ketchup city creative

 













greater pittsburgh arts councilthe arts council staff is working remotely.mailing address: 3706 butler st. // pittsburgh pa 15201tel: 412.391.2060info@pittsburghartscouncil.org




footer menu


donate


pittsburgh arts blog


privacy policy



connect with us


greater pittsburgh arts council on facebook


greater pittsburgh arts council on instagram


greater pittsburgh arts council on linkedin




subscribe to our newsletter!

email sign up





the arts council respectfully acknowledges that we operate and reside on the traditional, ancestral, and stolen lands of many native peoples in the greater pittsburgh region. the adena, the delaware, the hopewell, the iroquois, the monongahela, the osage, the seneca, and the shawnee stewarded this land throughout the generations. the process of knowing and acknowledging the land we stand on is a way of honoring and expressing gratitude for the ancestral people who were on this land before us. © copyright 2025 greater pittsburgh arts council











