






















home | monroeville municipal authority














  skip to main content












pay your bill


contact us


receive updates


sign up for residential service



















menu









customer service






useful information





contact us




documents & forms




faq




payment options




miscellaneous charges & rates









about us






about mma





right to know




welcome




board members




board meeting information




facts & figures




staff




links







work with us





1095-b form request




employment opportunities









water






about your water





water quality report




information on chlorine




information on chromium




facts on lead




why we fluoridate




where your water comes from




source water protection program




water rates







rules and regulations





cross-connection case histories




dep cross connection guidelines




backflow/cross connection




backflow/cross connection rules









sewer






about your sewer





alcosan




sewer rates







helpful information





don't flush or dump




wipes clog pipes









learning center






conservation





average daily water use




inflow, infiltration & overflows




water saving equipment usage chart




conservation tips







for kids





activities




educational materials




games




learning and teaching about the environment







helpful hints





how to detect a leak




about the wet weather issue




how the sewer system works










search
        terms















monroeville
        municipal authority
      
219 speelman lane
monroeville pa 15146
(412) 372-2677
contact us








news
   
    and featured section
      


news




help reduce system demand


                        

              in order to bring system levels back up, we are asking customers to reduce water usage at their homes and businesses until the system can stabilize. conservation is necessary in three of mawc’s four systems; indian creek, mckeesport and sweeney.


      
          



                monday, january 27, 2025 at 3:54 pm
              







new rates enhance funding to advance water and wastewater infrastructure investments


                        

              the monroeville municipal authority (mma) announces that changes to water distribution and wastewater collection rates were approved by the mma board of directors during their december 20th public meeting. the new rates will go into effect january 15, 2025.


      
          



                monday, january 13, 2025 at 12:54 pm
              







conservation advised for mawc based on pa drought watch declaration


                        

              due to a lack of rain over recent months, the youghiogheny river is at a level where, coupled with a recent state declaration of a drought watch, the municipal authority of westmoreland county is advising customers in all four of its water systems to use less water.


      
          



                wednesday, november 13, 2024 at 2:28 pm
              







important information about the consumer notification of a lead status unknown service line


                        

              at the monroeville municipal authority (mma), we are committed to ensuring the safety and quality of your drinking water. as part of ongoing efforts to improve water infrastructure and meet regulatory standards, the mma was required to conduct an initial comprehensive inventory of the service lines that bring water into homes and businesses in our community.


      
          



                wednesday, november 13, 2024 at 2:20 pm
              







chlorine disinfection oct 15- mar 2025


                        

              beginning on october 15th, 2024, and continuing through march 2025, the mma’s finished water supplier will be providing mma customers with drinking water disinfected with chlorine instead of chloramines. the changes are necessary to maintain the proper bacteriological quality of our drinking water.


      
          



                friday, october 4, 2024 at 8:07 am
              





view all news


featured




protect pipes from freezing weather







                        

              as winter’s grip tightens and january temperatures fall, it is important to take proper precautions for your home’s water pipes. this is important because water expands as it freezes, putting...


      
          

learn more






service line inventory project survey







                        

              the united states environmental protection agency (epa) published the lead and copper rule revisions (lcrr) in january 2021. these revisions to the lead and copper rule require all community water...


      
          

learn more






monroeville municipal authority receives state grant awards for sanitary sewer rehabilitation projects







                        

              the monroeville municipal authority was awarded more than $1,000,000 in state funding to rehabilitate the public sanitary sewer system. pa senator jim brewster and pa representative brandon...


      
          

learn more






alcosan's clean water assistance fund







                        

              alcosan’s clean water assistance fund, approved by the board of directors in 2016, is available to assist eligible homeowners pay their bill.


      
          

learn more






precipitation needed at beaver run reservoir, conservation advised







                        

              the municipal authority of westmoreland county is approaching a level of water at beaver run reservoir where conservation measures will be asked of customers of mawc’s northern system (see map...


      
          

learn more




view all featured














pay your bill
we’ve made it easy for you to pay your bill using our online payment system.


pay your bill





receive community information instantly
looking to receive alerts from your local agencies and businesses? sign up at nixle.com today! it's quick, easy and secure.
receive community information instantly









enroll in autopay
tired of putting a long list of payment due dates on the calendar or on sticky notes around the house?  setting up your account for automatic bill payments makes life easier.

enroll in autopay





enroll for ebills
register for paperless billing
enroll for ebills

















about your water
the monroeville municipal authority purchases finished drinking water from the municipal authority of westmoreland county (mawc). the finished water that is provided by mawc is obtained from both the beaver run reservoir and youghiogheny river. 
read more








return to top

















monroeville municipal authority












main office



                                                            219 speelman lane                                                             monroeville, pa 15146
                                                        








                        website by muni-link
                            webpresence |
                                                    accessibility statement |
                                                                             terms
                                of use |
                                                                             privacy
                                policy |
                                                 sitemap |
                                                                          log in















