




bullard furniture | fayetteville, nc, nc furniture & mattress store





















skip to main content































search









location

come say hello!


bullard furniture
4901 morganton roadfayetteville, nc 28314
(910) 864-5533



get directions




sign in



search





search
















location


sign in









































start browsing









living room







dining room







bedroom







office







accent tables







mattresses







entertainment







kids







outdoor







shop all

about bullard furniture in fayetteville, ncwelcome to bullard furniture! we are family-owned and operated and proudly have the largest selection of furniture in the fayetteville, nc area with 100,000 square feet of showroom space. our local furniture store includes name brand furniture, mattresses, and accessories offered at affordable prices. at bullard, you can be sure you're working with the best of the best because to us, customer satisfaction is our #1 priority and we have three guarantees to prove our loyalty to you. our price guarantee provides you with the confidence that you are getting the best price in town. our service guarantee shows that we are dedicated to furniture that lasts, and our happiness guarantee shows how important our customers are to us. not only will you find the perfect sofa for your living room or dining table for your kitchen, you will also enjoy your shopping experience. visit our local furniture store in fayetteville today!


spacious sectionals
room for the whole family


 dorset collection - corner sectional with tufted back  
 conrad collection - 4-piece sectional sofa  
 spartacus collection - power reclining sectional  
 modesto collection - power reclining sectional sofa  
 436 como collection - 7-piece chaise sectional sofa  
 finley collection - 5-seat sectional sofa  
 135 shane sectional collection - l-shaped lay flat sectional  
 7352 collection - 5-seat sofa  
 trafton collection - leather chaise sofa w/ usb port & wood feet  
 social club collection - 6-piece power sectional  





shop all

at bullard furniture, our #1 priority is your complete satisfaction!we are committed to giving you the best possible service and merchandise at the best possible prices ... every day! that's why everything we sell is backed by our 3 great guarantees.view our great guarantees


bedroom inspiration
browse bedroom looks to love


 rustic traditions collection - king sleigh bedroom set  
 rustic traditions collection - king sleigh bedroom set  
 sutton collection - 7-piece king bedroom set  
 big valley collection - king bedroom group  
 escape collection - 6-piece king bedroom set  
 polly collection - 4-piece king bedroom set  
 eastwood collection - 5-piece youth king bedroom set  
 canyon road collection - 4-piece king bedroom set  
 provence park collection - 3-piece king shelter bedroom set  
 versailles contemporary collection - 3-piece king upholstered bedroom set  





shop all

furniture for every room of your homevisit bullard furniture in fayetteville, north carolina to find a piece of furniture for every room in your house! are you looking to remodel your living room? we have an excellent selection of in stock sofas, sectionals, love seats, and chairs that you can customize with a different fabric or leather, along with special features for certain product - or take it home as you see it on the floor! we also carry an excellent selection of beds, including upholstered, storage, or bunk beds. then, fill up the rest of your bedroom by visiting our large mattress department or picking out a mirror, rug, or dresser. we offer dining options for rooms of all sizes, whether you are looking for a small pub table to add to your kitchen, a large traditional dining sets or just simply want better kitchen storage with a buffet or server. here at bullard, we also know it is important to find those smaller, unique pieces for your home which is why we have a great variety of accent cabinets, coffee tables, bookcases, office furniture and more! we have all of the styles covered as well from traditional to casual to rustic. visit us today or browse our online catalog to get started.explorecoffee tablessectionalsdining setssleeper sofasaccent chairstv stands


what's your style









transitional







traditional







casual







contemporary







rustic







relaxed vintage







industrial







cottage







glam







coastal







mid-century modern







shop all

creating a stylish roomready to create the room of your dreams? we are here to help! we offer products from a variety of styles so you can pick something that matches your taste. if you have more traditional tastes, view our items with classic molding and ornate curves, or check out the more modern items in our contemporary, transitional, or mid-century modern styles. if you aren’t sure what design style best fits you, we have an online design quiz that will point you in the right direction. we also have expert staff that are at your service. whether you need advice as to what youth bedroom set will fit best in your space, or are looking for the items for your college dorm room we are here to help.










don’t miss out on deals & new releases





submitting...







contact notes - required*

do you agree to the terms of service?
































bullard furniture features a great selection of sofas, sectionals,  chairs, leather furniture, recliners, beds, bedroom sets, dressers, nightstands, mattresses, dining sets, kitchen storage, kids furniture, accent tables and more. view recent additions to our online furniture gallery. bullard furniture offers great quality furniture, at a low price to the fayetteville, ft. bragg, spring lake, raeford, lumberton, southern pines, pinehurst, red springs, stedman, hope mills, sanford, clinton, north carolina area.
information accuracy - we have taken great care to provide you with information that is accurate and useful. please notify us if you find an error and we will do our best to correct it. we ask that you contact us directly to confirm information about pricing, color, features, dimensions, availability and lead times.
nothing on this page may be copied or reproduced without explicit permission.







site powered by furnituredealer.net © 2006 - 2025 furnituredealer.net, inc., all rights reserved.


privacy policy
accessibility statement
do not sell my personal information



























