








about us - pyr
































 




















search

























about us
catalog
forthcoming
young adult
awards
contact
 










sign up for the pyr newsletter






your privacy is important to us. we will not share your email address with anyone!




about us


















pyr® is a science fiction and fantasy imprint of start sf.
since 2005, pyr has published in many areas of speculative fiction, including steampunk, epic fantasy, hard science fiction, sci-fantasy blends, alternate history, sword and sorcery, near future thrillers, and space opera. pyr has delivered on its mission to provide books of a consistently high quality, from the content to the packaging. 

what people are saying...
"series like [m.d. lachlan's] the danilov quintet by jasper kent, the first law trilogy by joe abercrombie, and the shadow books by jon sprunk, just to name a few fantasy series (and that's not even getting into the science fiction), have made pyr books my favorite publisher. with quality like this, it's no wonder pyr seems to have a permanent place on the shortlists of all the major awards."
—adventures fantastic
"if you haven't given pyr releases a look, you really should. their output, under the editorial hand of lou anders, is nothing short of amazing. by this i mean the number of releases of theirs that are consistently good. i had the chance to read a large number of their releases, particularly in the back half of the year (in fact i'm devouring mike resnick's the buntline special as we speak), and most were good while some were simply outstanding."
—lec book reviews
"one of very few publishers i know who have no bad books to their name (if they have one, i haven't read it). additionally, it not only has a very clear image of what it does, but it communicates that image to the world." —bibliobuffet
"i haven't been this intrigued by so many books from a single publisher in a long time. ...one of the most exciting publishers in the business."—black gate magazine
"[pyr is] putting out amazing stuff, folks, check them out! … i'm excited by what they're doing and if you like fantasy, you should be too."—epilogue to prologue
"if every publishing house's cover art were as consistently attractive as pyr's, a lot more people would feel encouraged to read books, i feel."—rob will review
"i'll have to give [publisher of the year] to pyr and lou anders for rekindling my love of science fiction along with some quality fantasy and continually publishing series over consecutive months which all fantasy fans adore. plus they have some of the best covers in this or any genre."—mad hatter's bookshelf and book review, "best books of 2009"
"the market is no level playing field, and yet year in and year out pyr titles manage to stand out from the competition."—pat's fantasy hotlist (pyr named 2008 "publisher of the year")
"pyr is quickly becoming the standard by which all other sci-fi imprints are judged."—bookgasm.com
"pyr seems destined to become a leading imprint in the field."—science fiction weekly/scifi.com
"you should simply tell your bookseller to send you everything that pyr publishes, in all versions" —the agony column
"pyr is doing a fantastic job of publishing books in the us previously unavailable to american readers....pyr has an impressive mixture of respected, established veterans alongside new voices in the genre."—sffworld.com






featured

beyond the light horizonken macleod
								macleod's final book in the lightspeed trilogy is nothing short of celestial . . .								click for more














				  copyright © 2025 start science fiction. all rights reserved.
			  




























