















scotts valley, ca | official website









 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in












 












search







 
 
 


    your government      doing business      explore scotts valley      how do i...  


 

 

 

 





 










    





 
 
 




 














city council








meetings & agendas










 
 














city staff directory








video tour










 
 














employment








report a concern










 
 
 

































 














home








police








parks & rec










 
 
 



 














popular resourcesfind what you need
 






  
 



  
 














elections



strategic plan



city budget



business licenses



building inspections







bids & rfps



municipal code



pra requests



facility & park rentals



rec classes/camps







senior center



schools



library



theater



water







trash & recycling



fire



chamber of commerce



wildfire preparedness



alerts & notifications









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 














news & announcementslatest headlines in scotts valley
 






  
 
 















smooth roads ahead in scotts valley 


in the february edition of the mayor's column, mayor timm recounts recent accomplishments from our public works team.						read on...







scotts valley takes steps toward becoming an autism certified city with new community grant program 


on january 15th, the scotts valley city council discussed their support for moving the community toward becoming an autism certified city.						read on...







weathering the storms:  scotts valley looks ahead to a bright 2025 


mayor derek timm writes about the city's challenges in 2024 and the opportunities in 2025.						read on...







2024 tornado 


on saturday, december 14, 2024, a tornado struck scotts valley, causing significant damage and several injuries. read on for next steps if you were effected by this incident.						read on...







time to reflect as holidays arrive 


in the december edition of the mayor's column, mayor johnson reflects on city leadership and looks forward to the holiday season.						read on...







2024-2025 strategic workplan q1 results (july-september 2024) 


this report covers the first quarter of the fiscal year, july-september 2024; and it includes specific strategies, tactics and projects the city manager has identified as key leverage points for success.						read on...







honoring the educational journey 


in the november edition of the mayor's column mayor johnson reflects on the importance of education in a community.						read on...







ya gotta believe 


in the october edition of the mayor's column, mayor johnson writes about the proposed updates to scotts valley drive.						read on...







scotts valley city council provides preliminary direction regarding scotts valley drive improvements 


press release regarding scotts valley city council's preliminary direction regarding scotts valley drive improvements.						read on...







cultural immersion therapy 


in the september edition of the mayor's column, mayor johnson writes about his experience at the scotts valley multicultural fair						read on...







a tale of two parcels in scotts valley - august mayors column 


in the august edition of the mayor's column, mayor johnson tells a tale of two parcels in scotts valley						read on...







'tis the season in scotts valley - july mayor's column 


in the july edition of the mayor's column, mayor johnson writes about scotts valley unified school district's bond.						read on...







like a good neighbor...not! 


in the newest edition of the mayor's column, mayor johnson writes about the recent wildfire preparedness event.						read on...







2023-2024 strategic work plan q-3 results (january-march 2024) 


this report covers the third quarter of the fiscal year, january-march 2024; and it includes specific strategies, tactics and projects the city manager has identified as key leverage points for success.						read on...







unsung heroes 


in his monthly message, mayor johnson writes about the many people who volunteer to serve their communities.						read on...







on the outside looking in 


mayor johnson writes about the city's quest to build a town center.						read on...







children's bill of rights 


the city council adopted the children's bill of rights for the city of scotts valley at the regular meeting of the city council on march 20, 2024.						read on...







the bucket list - revised 


in this addition of the mayor's monthly message, mayor johnson talks about the benefits of revising your bucket list.						read on...







strategic work plan - q2 results (october 2023-december 2023 


at the february 21st city council meeting, the council received an update from city manager lagoe on the q2 results of the 2023-24 strategic work plan.						read on...







state's housing plans a cause for concern 


mayor johnson discusses the state's housing plans.						read on...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 



 














events & meetingsstay up-to-date & involved in scotts valley
 






  
 
 











feb
19	


city council meeting

city council meetingread on






feb
20	


parks and recreation commission meeting

parks and recreation commission meetingread on






mar
5	


city council meeting

city council meetingread on






mar
13	


planning commission meeting

planning commission meetingread on




view all events




/calendar.aspx



 
 
 



 















 






  
 









    





 
 



  
 







scotts valley city hall







1 civic center drivescotts valley, ca 95066phone: 831-440-5600fax: 831-438-2793directions
 






  
 



  
 







quick links







strategic plan 



city departments



facility rentals



scotts valley history



business licenses



scotts valley emergency operations plan









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







site links







home



site map



contact us



accessibility



copyright notices



privacy policy









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 

 







powered by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close



















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









