



patriot home sales - modular home builder and manufactured home retailer - specialists in custom modular home floor plans































  



  



  






 



    welcome to patriot home sales inc., your one stop custom modular home builder and manufactured home retailer.  located in southeastern pennsylvania, we proudly serve  pennsylvania,  new jersey,  maryland, delaware, and the mid-atlantic coastal communities. with 29+ years of experience building homes we pride ourselves with a very simple advertising concept - we don’t advertise in commercials, newspapers, magazines or on gigantic billboards - our satisfied homeowners are the best advertising concept we could ever ask for. take your time, browse, email, call and tour our display homes in person. really, we welcome your questions - all of them! looking to buy a home today? looking down the road 5 years from now? no problem - we’re here to serve you today and tomorrow. currently, we build custom modular homes under the brand names pennwest homes, colony homes, commodore homes and ritz-craft custom homes. additionally we are a retailer for manufactured homes manufactured by colony homes and eagle river homes.



visit us todayoffice hours:



saturday:                 9 am - 4 pm



monday - friday:   9 am - 6 pm






    our specialty is custom built homes, but we maintain hundreds of standard floor plans to get your thought process off the ground.    as always, we want to hear from you! let us help you brainstorm your customizations and model them in 3-d with our drafting and engineering software. if you have a floor plan in mind or already on paper please submit it to us for review and a price estimate.    our online catalogs are the perfect starting point to start the process.






licensed sales representatives available during all business hours.



28’ x 68’ ranch style modular home (pennwest homes oakland)






    modular home financing is no different than the financing for site-built homes. we will work with any local or national financial institution of your choice. if you need help finding financing allow our 20+ years of experience help direct you to several finance and mortgage institutions among the hundreds we have worked with in the past. need help completing the forms? no problem, assistance with filling out the paperwork is free!



more financing and mortgage details



     land home packages combine the financing needed for your new home, on your new or existing property and improvements (i.e. driveway, garage, well, septic, utilities, decks, steps, porches, sidewalks etc.) all into one package. as always, we will work with any financial institution of your choice or you can allow us to direct you to leading financial institutions that our customers  work with on a regular basis. [ learn more ]





























    our homes are built from top to bottom with energy efficiency as a top priority. using high quality building materials, innovative insulation and exterior coverings and attention to detail we build homes with an energy efficient tight building envelope.    many of our manufactured home floor plans are energy star certified and most of our modular home products are built to standards well above the energy efficiency standards required by code.    our wide range of name brand appliances are highly energy efficient - as you select custom appliances we’ll show you their energy ratings.


















~ introducing ~ 



 



our newest custom modular homes

ritz-craft custom homesbringing our custom modular homeselection to new heightswith legacy crafted cabinetry (including 2,500+ finish selections), solid surface counters, a dedicated corian countertop shop, kichler lighting, pfister faucets andamerican craftsmen making dreams come truesee our complete ritz-craft product line




















    you want your new home “your way”, so do we! we can build just about any one or two-story floor plan you can imagine as a modular home. bring us a sketch, drawing or an earful of descriptions and we can design it.    after the basic floor plan is designed we will review each room with you showing you different customizable features beyond the floor plan level, most at little or no additional cost.    most importantly, our design services to help make your dream a reality are hassle free and at no additional cost!



    we take pride in the homes we build. and our homeowners take even more pride in owning a home from patriot home sales.    we encourage you to compare our reputation with our competitors – the difference is clear! we transport our homes with our trucks and drivers, we have our own dedicated setup specialists, dedicated final finish crews and our own in-house service crews using state-of-the-art service vehicles and equipment. our goal is ”complete customer satisfaction” and we stake our reputation on it every day!



    our sales location at: 3517 lincoln hwy east in kinzers, pennsylvania offers 22 fully decorated and heated sample homes for you to tour. our model homes are built to replicate real world situations. we display ranch style, cape cod style and two story homes.  our expert sales staff is available during all business hours to assist you with any questions. at patriot home sales, inc. we pride ourselves in the no hassle - no pressure sales approach.    today homebuyers begin the search for their dream home years in advance. we understand – we’ll be here to help you today and tomorrow hassle free. find something on this website of interest to you? would you prefer printed brochures mailed to you? email us your request.



    when you purchase a new home we want you to think about decorating, not making repairs. that’s why our new homes come standard with multiple warranties providing peace of mind and, more importantly, tangible results today, tomorrow, and 10 years down the road.     a one year manufacturer’s warranty covers everything inside the home not already covered by other specialized warranties. this warranty gives you peace of mind today and tomorrow letting you know that the little things, all of them, our covered - hassle free!    a 10-year limited structural warranty standard in most homes gives you peace of mind that 10 years from now the structure of your home will not be in jeopardy.           yes their are even more warranties - [ learn more ]



need driving directions?



browse the catalogs





coastal shore homes
modular homes designed for coastal communities - at patriot home sales we have been building custom homes for the new jersey shore, delaware's coastlines and maryland's eastern shore and chesapeake bay communities since 1985. we recognize that these communities are deeply rich in culture and tradition. we have developed several collections of ranch, cape cod and two story style modular home plans uniquely tailored to meet the housing needs of these special communities.for additional information: our dedicated website to coastal communities  www.coastalshorehomes.com
also our restore the shore and coastal lifestyle collection are available at our dedicated ritz-craft custom homes website at  www.patriotmodulars.com 



~ introducing ~ 



custom built       modular homes









inhouse experience customize your dream home colors to see what your house could look like.use our friendly tool to mix and match colors on the inside and outside along with different exterior elevation customizations. try it now....



new video tours and 3-d walk throughs available



virtual model home centerphoto tours



find our sales location  using our driving directions.















   [home] [floor plans] [photos] [sales staff] [contact us] [about us] [faq's] [warranty] [financing] [404 error]


for users with text based browsers:



specializing in custom modular home floor plans!







home
floor plans

overview floor plans
------ modular homes ------
   pennwest modular
   colony cornerstone
   commodore pinecrest
   ritz-craft modular custom
   conestoga modular by eagle river
 
-- manufactured homes --
   colony manufactured homes
   commodore manufactured homes


photo tours

photo tour overview


faq's

faq overview


contact us

contact us
email us
online contact form
driving directions
our sales staff


sales staff

our sales staff


about us

about us


warranty

warranty


financing

financing overview








