




























aloha | holy theotokos of iveron orthodox church






 










 
 


  
javascript menu by deluxe-menu.com









 











 
 




























































aloha! e komo mai!!


we warmly welcome all families, couples, and individuals who are looking for a deeper experience of the salvation offered in jesus christ.


more info > 














come and visit!


if you are driving to church from waikiki it will take you only about twenty minutes to get to our church.  on sundays and saturday evenings when most of our services take place, there is plenty of parking available at 201 n. kainalu drive, in kailua (honolulu), hawaii.


more info > 














the myrrh-streaming icons of hawaii


by now all our parishioners living in honolulu have heard about the blessing that has been bestowed on us sinners, unworthy though we may be, by the grace of the almighty and the love and concern for us by the all holy theotokos.


more info > 














what is the orthodox christian church?


the orthodox church is the original church, founded by jesus christ, continuing down the centuries to our times without addition or subtraction, as our lord promised.
this claim may amaze some people. they will say, how can this be possible? so many centuries have passed! 


more info > 














prayer and myrrh requests


each week, we pray before the wonderworking iveron icon and the holy cross for the living and the departed.  please feel free to send us names of your friends and loved ones.  we will remember them...  


more info > 














































































welcome message from the rector








































guidelines for receiving holy communion






























































































































the ancient church of christ







































the ancient church of the 21st century







































taste the fountain of immortality







































mount athos: the holy mountain







































icon of unity - the holy iveron icon of hawaii














































      

















welcome to our parish website! + aloha! e komo mai!



























































holy theotokos of iveronorthodox church201 n. kainalu drivekailua (honolulu), hawaii, 96734 usa.+1 (808) 589-2484 contact@orthodoxhawaii.org




















welcome to the official website for the holy theotokos of iveron orthodox church.  we are a small thriving multi-ethnic christian parish here in the hawaiian islands, striving to both live the gospel of our lord jesus christ and spread the ancient orthodox christian faith to the people of hawaii.  stop by for a visit if you are new to the islands or wish to experience the oldest living christian tradition on earth.  services are primarily conducted in english, with hawaiian, old church slavonic, romanian and greek added in.  all are welcome! 

































parish stewardship













after over a hundred years of much struggle and fervent prayer, the russian orthodox church's mission in hawaii has a church to call her own.  we would like to humbly thank everyone for helping us to make this once far-fetched dream a reality.  may the grace of our lord jesus christ and the intercessions of the most holy theotokos be with all of you.
if you would like to become a steward of our parish, please consider filling out a pledge card and mailing it to our church's new address (provided below).  we have a large mortgage and many new expenses, not to mention the struggles of the after-effects of the coronavirus pandemic, of which we suffered greatly, any help you can offer is greatly appreciated. may it be returned to you a hundred fold!
holy theotokos of iveron orthodox church201 n. kainalu drivekailua (honolulu), hawaii 96734usa




















if you prefer to donate monthly using a credit card, applepay or googlepay, please click on the links below:
































































































monthly calendar




january
february
march
april
may
june
july
august
september
october
november
december


2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
2027
2028
2029
2030
2031
2032
2033
2034



 printing instructions
 icalendar  google calendar 





















january 2025 printable calendar








































all services from the holy theotokos of iveron church will be livestreamed via facebook and youtube (and on our parish website), until further notice.   click here to access our livestream.

















































please help ukraine!















please click on the link above (the photo) to help support the ukrainian relief effort.  all monies collected will go towards assisting the persecuted ukrainian orthodox church in her care of the suffering people of ukraine.  may the holy mother of god protect his beatitiude metropolitan onuphry, his eminence metropolitan longin (under trial), his eminence metropolitan pavel (under house arrest) and the monastics and seminarians of the kiev caves lavra and all the oppressed and suffering orthodox chrisatian faithful in the ukrainian lands!

































food, faith and fasting workshop







food, faith, and fasting
rita madden, mph, rdn, is the nutrition director for mediterranean wellness, a company that focuses on sensible weight loss/management and chronic disease prevention/management. she completed her graduate work in public-health nutrition at loma linda university.  she has an excellent podcast on the subject of food, health, and the eastern orthodox faith on ancient faith radio, click here:  podcast
she also conducts online workshops on this subject matter around the country. to learn more about her workshops, click here:  workshops
rita is devoted to helping people form a healthy relationship with food.  rita is also a beloved member of our parish, and head sister of our parish sisterhood.

































sunday of orthodoxy 2022






























































wednesday night akathists




















each wednesday night we will be chanting an akathist for the building of our church and for various needs.  the akathists will be dedicated to the most holy theotokos and ever-virgin mary, st. john maximovitch, st. luke the surgeon, and various other saints. every wednesday night, 6:15pm  (see calendar)

































what is the orthodox christian church?




 



 



 



















the orthodox church is the original church, founded by jesus christ, continuing down the centuries to our times without addition or subtraction, as our lord promised.
this claim may amaze some people. they will say, how can this be possible? so many centuries have passed! and, look, there are so many churches, with good and sincere members, each one different from the other in its beliefs and worship, each one thinking it is right... (click here)

































available for purchase

 news feed00000





food, faith, and fasting: a sacred journey to better healthcategory: available for purchaselast updated: 2018-04-03 14:59:31by rita madden.   orthodox christians fast approximately half the days of the year. but in our food-obsessed society, how do we determine our approach to eating in general?  author rita madden teaches us ways to eat in a way that is healthy for both our body and soul.more information >


00001





two hundred years on the road: a history of the orthodox church in hawaiicategory: available for purchaselast updated: 2018-04-03 14:59:56by amir a. khisamutdinov and very rev. anatole v. lyovin.  chronicles the 200 plus year history of orthodox christianity in the hawaiian islands. more information >


00002





valentina: an odyssey from pre-revolutionary russia through war-torn europe to a pacific paradisecategory: available for purchaselast updated: 2018-04-03 15:00:19by matushka emiko lyovin   tells the amazing story of a young russian girl who escapes the persecution of a burgeoning soviet empire and travels to the west.   this is the story of our beloved archpriest anatole's mother.more information >

























 
home | back | print | top





































please help support the orthodox church in hawaii in honor of the glory of our lord jesus christ!







































saturday, 2 / 15 february meeting of the lord8:00am hours and divine liturgy3:30pm parish school 4:30pm law of god 6:15pm great vespers and confessionssunday, 3 / 16 february sunday of the prodigal sonst. nicholas of japan9:00am hours 9:30am divine liturgymonday, 4 / 17 february 6:00am hours and divine liturgytuesday, 5 / 18 february st. theodosius of chernigov6:00am hours and divine liturgymonthly calendar >













































































































































































































































































 
 
 



















        holy theotokos of iveron orthodox church
        201 n. kainalu drive  
        kailua, hi 96734
        1 (808) 589-2484
contact@orthodoxhawaii.org
webdesigner@orthodoxhawaii.org
powered by orthodox web solutions


 news announcements all









  			




 
























