






















uc davis emeriti association








      skip to main content
    






menu


uc davis emeriti association





















uc davis emeriti association











open search




search












    quick links
    +




uc davis retiree center


uc davis retirees' association


contact us


leadership


meeting schedule


bylaws


dickson award


panunzio award


distinguished emeritus/a


membership


share your stories









main navigation (extended config)



          about





contact us


brochure



          leadership






          president's page- suad joseph 2022-25





president's page - mrc greenwood 2021-22


president's page - 2020 barry klein


president's page - 2019 barry klein


president's page - 2018; tom sallee


president's page - 2017; jo anne boorkman




executive committee minutes





          membership





privileges and benefits


join online today





          standing committees





awards and recognition committee


committee on committees


communications and outreach committee


emeriti welfare committee


fundraising committee


membership committee


program and agenda committee


video records committee




program


fundraising



          awards and recognition






          uc davis distinguished emeritus/a professor award






          past recipients





2020: linda morris


2019: robert page


2018: robert cardiff


2017: jarue manning


2016: fred block


2016: william jackson


2015: robbin thorp







          constantine panunzio distinguished emeriti award





2016: isao fujimoto




ucdea research award



          edward a. dickson emeritus/a professorship award






          past recipients





2017-2018 recipients


2019-2020 recipient






charles e. hess founders' award




photo galleries


cucea





events




news & stories




          video records project





list of video records interviews - alphabetical


list of video records interviews - numerical


schedule an interview



          special history projects





centennial video series







          manual & bylaws





ucdea manual


ucdea bylaws





guidance




          archive





archived agendas


archived minutes


archived commmunications





in memoriam




retiree center




















 




















who we are 
the ucdea provides emeriti from uc davis, or other uc campuses living in the davis area, an opportunity to sustain their associations with the university. the ucdea advocates on behalf of emeriti to ensure that university benefits and privileges are sustained. further, the ucdea helps to identify resources and new initiatives of interest to retired faculty. for those emeriti who wish to maintain scholarly endeavors, the ucdea is an advocate in identifying potential resources for such efforts. the association also provides a sense of community and a direct linkage to the uc davis retiree center, which serves the needs of uc davis retirees by planning programs, such as those designed to assist with retirement and financial investment planning or matters related health and wellness. your association with the ucdea will give you a voice in decisions made regarding retirees, it provides an additional platform to aid in sustaining on-going connections, opportunities for mentoring or volunteering, as well as offer numerous opportunities for social interaction. 
what we do
below is a summary of some of the many benefits of ucdea membership:

staff support through the uc davis retiree center
educational programs, information sessions, social opportunities, including brain food talks
discounts for olli courses and on travel opportunities
effective advocates for the interests of uc emeriti regarding health and retirement benefits
webinar information sessions on the annual open enrollment process
fund raising on behalf of ucd students at risk, and emeriti.
awards/nominations for campus and system-wide grants and recognitions for emeriti
co-sponsor chancellor’s luncheon for emeriti; coffees with campus leaders; winter luncheon
joint events with ucd retiree association and retiree center
opportunities to participate in the video records program.

membership
all individuals who have an emerita or emeritus title are eligible for membership in the uc davis emeriti association (ucdea).  there are three categories of membership that include senate and non-senate members who have been awarded the emerita/emeritus title by the chancellor, affiliate, and associate memberships.  see membership.
news
learn what is important to emeriti and what the association is doing. see news.
contact us
the association can be contacted through the uc davis retiree center. for more information, see contact us.
cucea
the association is a proud member of the council of university of california emeriti associations (cucea).
privileges and benefits
it is the university's philosophy that emeriti/ae are valued members of the academic community. the university affirms the following general principles, i.e. emeriti/ae faculty make valuable contributions to the intellectual life of the campus and, as departmental resources allow, emeriti/ae faculty should be encouraged and supported in order to maintain professional connections and activities. accordingly, significant rights and benefits are provided to emeriti/ae in the hope that they will continue to contribute to the campus, community, and their academic professions. see privileges and benefits.
rt permits: ucd emeriti and retirees may obtain a free rt permit from transportation and parking services (taps) located just off hutchison drive near the pavilion (formerly called west entry) parking structure. a current photo id and proof of uc retirement are required to obtain an rt permit. please refer to our benefits page for additional information.







            recent articles
    




uc davis retiree center news & events


april 17, 2024






ucd emeriti association clipboard


april 09, 2024







  subscribe to recent articles







            upcoming events
    







 

click here


view our photo galleries!




















uc davis emeriti association










university of california, davis, one shields avenue, davis, ca 95616 | 530-752-1011

questions or comments? privacy & accessibility principles of community university of california sitemap last update: february 7, 2025 
copyright © the regents of the university of california, davis campus. all rights reserved.


this site is officially grown in sitefarm.










