


network marketing today























home
related blogs
trainers & coaches
company directory
industry resources
archives
about
contact



network marketing today
	
  
articles, essays, information and discussion about network marketing and mlm (multi-level marketing).































 about  | 
 contact 






27 july 2011



herbalife family foundation launches nutrition program for children in vietnam



market watchherbalife family foundation (hff), a non-profit organization helping children at risk, has given a grant to the hoa binh humanitarian center, a charity organization operated under the red cross in vietnam, to improve nutrition for children.under the grant, hff will establish a casa herbalife program at hoa binh humanitarian center, financing a kitchen upgrade so kids can be served healthier meals. after the initial grant, herbalife local independent distributors in vietnam will continue to support the program with volunteerism and fundraising.labels: herbalife



posted by dave stone at 
     7/27/2011 
2 comments






25 july 2011



nem network marketing members adopt a code of conduct



business wirethe national energy marketers association (nem) is pleased to announce a new code of conduct for its members that use network marketing also known as relationship marketing as a means of acquiring new customers. craig goodman, president of nem, reported that, “nem’s network marketing companies have agreed that their independent representatives will not use telemarketing or door-to-door sales techniques for the purpose of acquiring customers." this is one of the principles underlying a code of conduct that was voluntarily adopted by network marketing companies that are members of the national energy marketers association.logo from national energy marketers association



posted by dave stone at 
     7/25/2011 
5 comments






19 january 2011



eiro announces closure



this statement appears on the eiro research company website:(click to enlarge)labels: eiro research



posted by dave stone at 
     1/19/2011 
0 comments






16 january 2011



evo international launches with the evo 5:12 program



pr webin a world full of network marketing opportunities evo international has burst on to the scene with something so new and innovative it is sure to be duplicated. evo 5:12 stands for “the five dollars and twelve days that can change your life” which has caught the eye of established network marketers and first timers alike. for the first time ever in this industry someone can sign up as a trial member for $5 and receive the keys to the castle. with this $5 the member gets a position in the tree, their own website and full training for twelve days while they build their organization to generate volume. there is no membership fee or up front order required to get involved.question: who has the five dollars to get involved?answer:    everyone! labels: evo international



posted by dave stone at 
     1/16/2011 
1 comments



































 





 







 explode your network marketing business


















 


previous posts

herbalife family foundation launches nutrition pro...
nem network marketing members adopt a code of conduct
eiro announces closure
evo international launches with the evo 5:12 program
top 10 home business tax tips
your home businesses brings effective home busines...
eiro spokesman, danny glover, arrested for trespas...
xyngular corporation - one of the fastest-growing ...
follow up on eiro research
danny glover joins eiro research











subscribe toposts [atom]














 



