








home - renault owners club of north america




















































































































skip to content








join us on facebook! 

facebook 



 














 


search for:








homenewsletters & downloadsdownload renault news 2000-2018download renault news 2019 to presentclub downloadsrenault linksdiscussion forum & marketplacecontact us



 




 





welcome to the renault owners club of north america! 
 


welcome to the renault owners club of north america! 
 


welcome to the renault owners club of north america! 
 


welcome to the renault owners club of north america! 
 


welcome to the renault owners club of north america! 
 


welcome to the renault owners club of north america! 
 






 




hometriffet group2024-08-26t22:29:22+00:00 
renault owners club of north america
support, parts & resources for your older renault

the renault owners club of north america was founded in may 1991, originally known as the “renault owners club of southern california” with ten founding members. by the spring of 1995, the club had grown to an average of 115 members across the united states and internationally. in early 1996, the name was changed to “renault owners club of north america” to reflect the inclusion of members from mexico and canada, as well as from south america, europe, and the uk. the club’s mission is to preserve renault vehicles and provide a community for enthusiasts who share a passion for these cars. today, our facebook group boasts over 5,000 followers.
our focus is primarily on older renault models, including the 4cv, dauphine, caravelle & floride, r8, r10, r5 (le car and turbo), and front-engine models like the fuego (r17), alliance, medallion, and encore, particularly those exported to the u.s. we also have members who own r4s and other vintage renaults.
previously, we published a quarterly newsletter called “renault news,” covering major renault events in north america, such as swap meets, concours, and racing. although we are now an informal group with most of our activity on social media, our website remains active and up-to-date. our club maintains affiliations with other renault organizations in france, england, germany, sweden, finland, and australia, ensuring we stay informed about the latest renault news. our facebook page is an excellent resource for finding pre-owned renaults, new and used parts, and literature.
after more than 32 years, the renault owners club of north america continues to grow. to meet the needs of our members and visitors, we have updated our website and added new features. we now offer access to back issues of our newsletter and have established an online library containing technical manuals, parts lists, original advertisements, and shop manuals.
the renault owners club of north america is on facebook!

download the renault news
what’s in the newsletters & downloads area?
• newsletter – all the recent past newsletters as well as the current issue are available as pdf files to download.• downloads – as many things as we can make available, such as obsolete shop manuals, color charts and articles will be here. we also have downloads packed with old shop manuals, pictures and articles for the older cars that we are now offering to members.
got a question about renaults?
need to find an expert?
our club facebook group – the place to get your renault questions answered and to share your knowledge. open to anyone.
have something renault-related to sell?
our club facebook group is the place reach thousands of north american renault enthusiasts for cars and parts.




 
 
copyright 2025 renault owners club of north america | all rights reserved | privacy policy | fueled by triffet design group





toggle sliding bar area














 
 
page load link





we use cookies on this site to improve our service, perform analytics, personalize content and remember website preferences. by using this site, you consent to these cookies. renault owners club of north america may collect and use personal information that you submit in any manner consistent with uses noted in our privacy policy. for more information including how to manage your consent visit our privacy policy .


ok		


































































































go to top



