




dale's auto inc.















dale's auto inc.
go where the dealers go.




intro
sales
about
contact
message
prices







intro

respect. honesty. the customer.
these are the principles that dale's auto inc. was founded on in 1993. our goal is to provide quality service at an affordable price. while the company has grown over time, these prinicples have remained the same.




about

dale's auto inc., a family owned business, is the best auto detailing facility for high-quality, professional, and friendly service in the macomb county area. dale and his team have a combined experience of over 40 years in the detailing business. we are a team that is just as passionate about your automobile as you are. we not only detail automobiles, we detail everything from motorcycles to semi-trucks to boats. we will exceed your expectations by providing a top notch detailing service at an excellent value you can afford.
our team is just as passionate about your automobile as you are. we not only detail automobiles, we detail everything from motorcycles to semi trucks to boats! besides detailing your car to look like new, we also sell used cars! at dale's auto you're not just buying a car, you're buying a service. there's a reason why we were named car gurus top rated dealer of 2018! we can help you find the right car at a price that is affordable for you.
you can call or email us today to set up an appointment for detailing. let us help you make your vehicle look like new.



contact

contact information

address
200 s. main street mt. clemens, mi 48043



number
(586) 468-3480



email
dalesautoinc@comcast.net



covid hours
by appointment only.



websites
 www.dalesautoinc.com 
 www.dalesautoinc.net 



twitter
facebook




email us



name



email



message
 








twitter
facebook




pricing
								
								
								our claim to fame is our amazing car detailing service. see why the dealers come to us!
								
								call us today to receive a quote!
								
								




© dale's auto inc. 2020












