




































    shock•tek™ | the original provider of carpal tunnel protection
  





















              free shipping in the u.s.a. on orders over $100!



    


     home



  shop


   sport



  work



  therapeutic





  about






   

shop now








    
 





        the original provider of carpal tunnel protection




       

  sport
  

shop sport




  

  industrial
  

shop work




  

  medical
  

shop therapeutic










   check out our newly designed gloves here!



    protect yourself with shock•tek™ gloves




   the
shock•tek™ patented technology was designed by renowned neurologist dr. a. robert spitzer - an expert in the diagnosis and treatment of carpal tunnel syndrome (cts).
it features a tested, unique channel in the padded palm of a glove, which prevents external pressure or vibration from reaching the median nerve, greatly relieving the symptoms of cts and repetitive stress injury (rsi).using shock•tek™ gloves  reduces the chance of acquiring cts.relives cts and rsi symptoms of numbness, tingling & burning fingers, weak grip, aching hands and arms.prevents recurrence of cts in post operation patients.eases pain so the user can resume tasks of work and play in comfort.
• disclaimer •

  




    protection • prevention • relief 




    kris moonan • occupational therapist • certified hand therapist

  





    what is carpal tunnel syndrome?


  how shock•tek™  works


  who should use shock•tek™ gloves?


  education support resources




     

shop all gloves




     

testimonials








      



   free shipping in the u.s.a. on orders over $100!



    

 po box 1434 
mackinac island, mi 49757

 • all sales final •©shock•tek all rights reserved • 2025terms of use |
privacy policydisclaimer |
about uswebsite design by
d2 design lab

     




 phn 
906.430.5200
fax 
833-666-0592﻿﻿﻿

glove sizing guide















































































































  
  share by:








