




alaska triple d

































alaska triple d










about
contact
notice
privacy and tos






welcome to triple d farm and hatchery




welcome to the triple d farm & hatchery. we are proud to be be an alaskan based company providing quality poultry products only to alaskans. from live baby chicks to thanksgiving turkeys, we are your best source for naturally fed and free-roaming poultry products here in state.
we encourage you to visit our farm and take a tour! bring your children to tour our chicks room and do not be afraid to ask us any questions about poultry farming!
in 1998, the schmidt family started their poultry business and expanded in 2001 by acquiring the kackman’s hatchery in palmer.  in fourteen years, kackman’s had established one of the largest commercial  chicken farms in the southcentral area.  now triple d is the largest poultry supplier in the state of alaska and the only fresh turkey supplier. every year more and more people plan and purchase their thanksgiving turkeys from triple d because of it’s freshness and size.
“we were tired of buying stuff in the stores with a lot  of chemicals and preservatives, so it’ll have a long shelf life, and not knowing how it was raised” says owner schmidt.
now triple d farm & hatchery is managed by the family of anthony, his wife phyllis and their five children.
the farm currently maintains about 300 laying hens  producing over 100 dozen fresh eggs per week to local buyers.
in the spring season, they provide a wide variety of baby poultry distributing them through local feed stores, and selling them directly from their mat-su valley location.  chicks are also sold and shipped throughout alaska and the bush.
last year, triple d farm and hatchery sold between 45,000 and50,000 head of poultry in alaska, including 352 thanksgiving turkeys. most of the rest were live chicks and processed meat chickens, which go for about $2-$3 apiece.
“if it was just the chick business, we’d go broke,” tony says. “ you know there is only a few cents per chick profit, but it’s all part of the farm business….the fresh eggs we sell are a little bit of income, doing the turkeys is a little bit of income.”
when schmidt began raising meat poultry himself, he deliberately took care to give his turkeys and chickens a lot more room to roam. since they’re in pens, he doesn’t consider them truly “ free range.” but the usda would. the federal agency’s website notes that producers only need to demonstrate that the poultry has been allowed “access to the outside” in order to be labeled “free range” or “free roaming.”
triple d does advertise his poultry as free of antibiotics. most major poultry factories outside, such as those owned by conagra (the largest turkey producer in america) routinely distribute antibiotics in their feed as a means of preventing poultry disease, which be comes more of a threat the larger the animal population.
big meat and poultry producers annually consume an estimated one-third to on-half of all antibiotics in the u.s. – and critics warn that the feed might pass on disease-resistant microbes to humans.
as far as the freshness argument goes, anthony will claim an unequaled victory. the fresher and the moister the turkey, he says, the juicier and tastier it’ll be after it’s cooked.  “i’ve had so many customers say, ‘man, we took that thing out of the oven and when we cut it the juice just came running out.’…that’s the difference. it’s a fresh bird.
 
portions of this text were taken from an exclusive article written by george bryson
of the ancorage daily news.






new local sponsors




we’re proud to announce two new local sponsors who appreciate what we do here at triple d farms and our stand for organic and healthy living. when sponsors partner with us, it gives us both a chance to share our business interests and help one another. please see our last post about this too.
our first sponsor is jason’s guide service, a local cooper landing fishing guide. jason lesmeister, owner and operator, takes local residents and tourists out on the kenai river fishing for rainbow trout, sockeye salmon, silver salmon, and lake trout. whether you like ice fishing, fly fishing, or standard rod and reel fishing, jason’s guide service can accommodate your wants and needs.

along with fishing, lesmeister advocates a healthy living lifestyle powered by organic fruits and vegetables and of course, fresh fish! we are proud to be partnered with jason’s guide service and if you’d like to book a fishing trip with him, please see his contact info below.
jason’s guide service
 mile marker 48
 cooper landing, ak 99572
 (907) 351-3036
www.jason’sguideservice.com
 
our second new sponsor is alaska seo expert (ase), a local anchorage marketing company specializing in search engine optimization for local businesses. they have been in the anchorage area for many years now and have helped dozens of businesses transform their companies and increase their roi. whether you are a local plumber, hvac technician, lawyer, roofer, etc., you most likely have a website and need it ranked high in the google results to get more calls and traffic to your website.
ase, also supports our mission in providing organic eggs and poultry to the community. they provide fresh fruit and veggie trays for their employees in their office and encourage a healthy lifestyle of good food and exercise.
contact them with the information below on how they can help your business.
alaska seo expert
 441 w 5th ave #88a
 anchorage, ak 99501
 (877) 976-2169
www.alaskaseoexpert.com
 
if you would like to be a sponsor and partner with us at triple d farms, please use our contact form. we’d love to hear from you and how your company supports an organic and healthy lifestyle.






farmer’s market food can improve your health




so how can eating farmer’s market food make you healthier? well, it’s a pretty bold statement but think about it. farmer’s market food for the most part is organic. organic food is the healthiest food you can eat. healthy food makes you, well, healthier!
all of us understand the significance of eating healthy foods and also the positive impact it has on our everyday life. however, what is important to take into consideration is definitely how far these benefits can go. evidence shows that eating well balanced and healthy meals regularly, contributes greatly in maintaining good overall wellness. that is certainly why you should be careful of what you eat. like the doctor always says, you are what you eat. and that’s partially true considering your body regenerates itself on a cellular level every couple months or so.
alot of folks say it’s hard and/or expensive to find organic foods but that could be further from the truth. one of our sponsors, anchorage farmer’s market, has a huge selection of organic foods grown right in the anchorage area.
since this food is direct from farmer to your kitchen table, there’s no middle men or companies jacking up the price in between. you can find fresh, organic food rather cheaply, making living your healthy lifestyle even easier.

check out your local farmer’s market whenever you can. i think you will have more fun and find more than you think. it’s a great way to start your healthy lifestyle. triple d farms even takes our organic chicken eggs to buy at the anchorage farmers market. it’s literally a one stop shop for your organic groceries.
 





 





search for:





recent posts


new local sponsors


farmer’s market food can improve your health


welcome to triple d farm and hatchery


sponsors 
alaska dispatch newsanchorage farmer’s marketjason’s guide servicealaska seo expert



 alaska farm newsmap: dakotas drought remains entrenchedthere is still plenty of time before spring planting, but abnormal dryness and drought remains stubbornly entrenched across the dakotas. released today, the latest us drought monitor shows abnormal dryness afflicting more than two-thirds of north dakota, with more than half of the state impacted by some form of drought (see map below). those numbers […]advance payments program provides cash flow until farmers can sell agricultural productsthousands of western canadian farmers meet their cash flow needs through an advance payments program (app) cash advance from canadian canola growers association (ccga). app is a federal loan program that offers farmers marketing flexibility through interest-free and low-interest cash advances through their unsold crop and livestock inventory. ccga is now into its 40th year […]the great twine round-up contest in alberta: be part of it in 2025!three out of four $3000 cash prizes are still to be won across alberta in 2025 in the great twine round-up contest. the first prize was randomly drawn on january 15 from over 100 entries, and was awarded to the winner’s 4-h club, the northern lethbridge 4-h beef club. as part of the alberta ag-plastic. […]governments support crop health projects through research and innovationthe governments of canada and manitoba are providing $4.7 million in grant funding under the sustainable canadian agriculture partnership (sustainable cap) to support 36 projects, including several that benefit the future of crop health in manitoba, under the research and innovation program over the next three years, federal agriculture and agri-food minister lawrence macaulay and […]fvgc executive director highlights tariff concerns at canada-u.s. economic summitmassimo bergamini, executive director of the fruit and vegetable growers of canada (fvgc), participated in the prime minister’s canada-u.s. economic summit today in toronto. alaska news



triple d farm © 2016




