










home - pushback






































+44 3455 440 212
info@pushback.biz















about
brands

clearo2 oxygen cans
preservintage wine preserver


 


select page


  
 
 



















for 23 years we have grown a business which has adapted and flexed to our customer’s needs, which is why we are still going strong 23 years later.
everyone in the organisation understands that providing high quality products and service along with building trust and relationships is at the heart of what we do.
bruno mustone, managing director







eco-friendly contract aerosol fillers and distributors





 pushback ltd provides an eco-friendly aerosol filling service which only uses eco-friendly gases and techniques and never uses volatile organic compounds (vocs) which are harmful to the environment.
based in beautiful shropshire, uk, where possible, we use recycled and recyclable materials and none of our factory waste goes to landfill. our power is supplied by renewable energy and we minimise the use of plastics for packaging.
we implement the very latest leak detection and quality control technology to provide a product which is both safe and good for the world we live in.
unlike most aerosol filling companies we can and are happy to do short run aerosol filling and labelling for those looking to trial products to market or simply sell low volume to compliment an existing range.
we are happy to undertake r&d to see if your existing solution can be converted to an eco-friendly solution or migrate your plastic pump spray to a more user-friendly and eco-friendly pure aerosol solution using aluminium and tin-plated steel.
if you’d like your product to spray beautifully and protect the environment we love, get in touch and we can help you with your new business venture or project.



























































distribution 
we produce and distribute our own brands of aerosol products and also distribute various brands and products for other companies mostly into the health and wellbeing, beauty and sport sectors.
 
through long-standing collaborations with wholesale, multiples and independent retail we can help you to get your brand to market.




 







copyright © 2020 pushback ltd, unit 7 building 11, stanmore business park, bridgnorth, wv15 5hp - ‌company‌ ‌number‌ ‌03878642 - vat registration gb 821 3759 34 

























