









doe network: international center for missing and unidentified persons



















home

updates

recent updates

archive



 case files

our numbering system

cases of the month

unidentified

geographical

chronological



missing

geographical

chronological

alphabetical



closed

submit new case

unidentified person

missing person



submit case update

case update

closed case notice




potential matches

our potential match panel

submit a match

tips on making matches

mapquest



resources

useful links

family support liaison

submit dna


namus

site translation

ncic



media

media center

media releases


about

about us

volunteering

members access

forum

webmail



appreciation

in remembrance



contact

contact us








advanced search





welcome to the doe network!
todd matthews   in remembrance.

donations - the doenetwork is now welcoming donations.  these donations will be used to support a long-overdue update and upgrade of our it and supporting systems, and exhumations.
the doe network is a non-profit 100% volunteer organization devoted to assisting investigating agencies in bringing closure to national and international cold cases concerning missing & unidentified persons. it is our mission to give the
            nameless back their names and return the missing to their families.
we hope to accomplish this mission in three ways:



by providing exposure to these cases on our web site.
by providing credible potential matches between missing and unidentified persons to investigating agencies.
by striving to get much needed and deserved media exposure to these cases.


we receive and accept tips regarding cases featured on our site. all relevant information will be forwarded to the proper investigating agencies. while doe network values your privacy, we will respond to court orders and/or requests made by investigating
            agencies in a timely manner regarding visitor information. we are not private detectives.

members within our organization work together, utilizing individual skillsets, to ensure the success of our mission. our volunteers and the users of our site are very important to us and any feedback to improve this site is graciously accepted.
*note*: there are some case files listed on the doe network that contain a link that should lead to a namus file.  there may be some case files where this link does not work.  this usually means that the person is no longer unidentified or missing.  if you are trying to find a match for any file listed on the doe network and you find that the namus link does not work, please notify us by sending an email to admin@doenetwork.com.  thank you. 

featured cases











click on featured cases for more information about each case.





celebrating volunteer efforts since 2001

















































© 2022- all photos and information contained within are the properties        of the listed information sources within the case files.













