






monee township





















skip to main content






 







home
about usofficials
general information
general assistance

servicessenior services
youth services

events
agenda & minutes
newsletter
assessor
links
 
























 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 







   


26121 egyptian trail 
monee, il 60449

phone:
fax:
email:
hours:


(708) 534-6020 
(708) 534-6080 
moneetownship@aol.com
8am - 12pm, 1pm - 4pm 
monday through friday


 



      weather forecast for monee, il    

    forecast data not currently available  



      upcoming events    




 feb20  
 regular schedule monthly mettingthu feb 20, 2025 7:00pm  


see all events

 



























      welcome to monee township    





many people do not understand township government so i want to give you a brief overview of our township.  monee township is 36 square miles.  our northern boundary line is steger road, our southern boundary is offner road and we are between western avenue on the east and harlem avenue to the west.  monee township is a mixture of rural and urban.  we have two villages located wholly within our boundaries – monee and university park - and a portion of another as the will county portion of park forest is also in monee township.  the rest of the township is comprised of unincorporated land, mostly rural.
within our township, we have a mixture of life styles – farms, single family homes, acreages and multi-family dwellings with a very diverse population.  located within our township is governor’s state university (gsu) and many amenities such as convenient road and commuter rail access to chicago.  we are fortunate to have several natural resources such as the monee reservoir, pine lake in university park and the nature preserve in park forest.
monee township is governed by an elected board of four trustees and the supervisor.  other elected officials are the highway commissioner, assessor, township clerk and the collector.  in our officials section, you will be given a short description of the responsibilities of each elected official.  
township government is known as grass roots government because we are all local citizens interested in serving you, the taxpayer, to improve our community. we are accessible to you and invite you to our monthly meeting held the 3rd thursday of every month at 7:00pm in our town hall located in monee on egyptian trail.
monee township has a senior committee that sponsors many events for anyone who lives in the township and is age 65 or over. please check out our senior committee page for a list of sponsored activities.
our township youth committee sponsors a family gym night in the fall and spring sessions.  our youth night is chaperoned by a paid co-ordinator, paid aids and volunteers. 
our plan commission helps the township develop in an orderly manner. volunteers who are not compensated for their time and diligence run all of these committees, and we thank them for their service.
we have a state mandated general assistance program and voluntarily offer an emergency assistance program for families in need, and provide a food pantry. you can call the township to find out if you qualify and how to apply. the township has a back-to-school supply program where we give out school supplies to families who meet financial guidelines. yearly we have a thanksgiving basket and santa sack program where we give food baskets to township residents who need a helping hand. we donate to qualified youth groups like baseball, football, scouts and to other organized groups who serve youth and seniors within our township.
we are committed to serving the township and appreciate our entire group of volunteers who help make our programs a success. please browse our web site and thank you for visiting.
to contact the board of trustees, contact the monee township during business hours, 708-534-6020 or email; moneetownship@aol.com.
donna dettbarnsupervisor
 
 

























 











informationcontact infoassistancenewsletterlinkstownship mappolling places
aboutofficialsassessorhighway departmentevents calendaragenda & minutes
servicessenior pageyouth page
26121 egyptian trailmonee, il 60449phone: (708) 534-6020fax: (708) 534-6080email: moneetownship@aol.comhours: 8am - 12pm, 1pm - 4pmmonday through friday




copyright © 2025 monee township, illinois. all rights reserved.website design by rwk design 





