


the website of philippine consulate general of toronto, canada












philippine consulate general  toronto, canada




home
about
consular services
advisories & news
links
contact









welcome to the website of the philippine consulate general in toronto, a portal for the latest news and announcements in the service of all kababayans in the greater toronto area (gta), western ontario and manitoba. please monitor our website for the latest news and announcements for the whole community. enjoy browsing and mabuhay!

















latest news & announcements


civil registration month
filed under press release
february is civil registration month in the philippines. 
check out this video by the philippine statistics authority which talks about how and when we started celebrating this month to remind filipinos to register significant events, such as births, marriages and deaths.
this applies to all filipinos, no matter where you are in the world. for those in canada, specifically in ontario and manitoba, the philippine consulate general in toronto serves as your local civil registry.
for the requirements and procedure for registering your child’s birth, your marriage, or the death of a family member, visit our website at 
https://philcongen-toronto.com/consular/consular_report.php.
#phintoronto
 #35thcrm

continue reading this article
filed under news

continue reading this article
filed under news

continue reading this articlenational arts month celebration
filed under press release
in celebration of national arts month, the philippine consulate general in toronto is pleased to invite everyone to view the online exhibit of the museo ng kaalamang katutubo (muskkat) entitled “strong and lustrous”, dedicated to the beauty and significance of abaca.  
abaca fiber comes from musa textilis, a non-edible banana native to the philippines. it has become a part of the filipino way of life and has proven its versatility in various industries, including in handicraft, paper and automotive production.  abaca is also used as native textile for the traditional filipino dress, ropes, banknotes, and even coffee filter.  
#phintoronto
#sentrorizal
#muskkatph
#nam2025
#aningsiningdiwaatdamdamin
#ncca
#sentrorizalph

continue reading this articlejollibee canada pays courtesy visit  to the philippine consulate general in toronto
filed under press release

l-r: trade commissioner mario tani, jollibee canada marketing manager lea kristina sudio, district manager jhoana feraren,  senior director for operations-canada region agnes delos santos, consul general angelica escalona, consul katrina isabelle borja-martin, district manager rhea martinez, and general manager-jollibee yonge & broadway location jonard talamayan and welfare officer benny reyes
 
29 january 2025 — the jollibee group north america team composed of ms. agnes delos santos, senior director for operations-canada region, ms. lea kristina sudio, marketing manager for canada, district managers jhoana feraren and rhea martinez, and mr. jonard talamayan, general manager-jollibee yonge & broadway location, paid a courtesy visit to the philippine consulate general in toronto today.
the jollibee team shared updates on jollibee’s expansion plans in canada. consul general angelica c. escalona, joined by the consulate’s economic, trade, and welfare officers, discussed opportunities for collaboration in supporting the filipino diaspora and promoting jollibee to the broader community in canada.
jollibee opened its first canadian location in december 2016 in winnipeg and has since grown to 28 stores across five provinces in canada, including 12 in ontario and 3 in manitoba.
continue reading this articleschedule of consular service fees
filed under announcements
in view of the prevailing us dollar – canadian dollar exchange rate, the philippine consulate general in toronto will be implementing a new schedule of fees for its consular services effective 26 february 2025.


continue reading this articleconsul general escalona meets with nurses and muslim-filipino organizations, discuss opportunities for collaboration to promote the interests of the filipino community
filed under press release

muslim filipino association in canada (mfac) president jonathan macala (right) and acting deputy secretary general norkhalila mae mambuay-campong (2nd from right) present a miniature kulintang to consul general angelica escalona (2nd from left) with consul rodney jonas sumague (left)
23 january 2025 – consul general angelica c. escalona, together with consul rodney jonas l. sumague, met with the officers of two filipino community organization, the integrated filipino canadian nurses association (ifcna) and the muslim filipino association in canada (mfac), and discussed possible opportunities for collaboration, particularly on issues affecting the filipino community.
ifcna president mark gravoso and founding chair austine gaqui briefed consul general escalona on the memorandum of agreement (moa) they are signing with the quirino memorial medical center (qmmc). the moa aims to provide filipino nurses in canada who are not yet licensed in the country the opportunity to train in qmmc as one of the options for the evidence of practice required by the college of nurses of ontario (cno) to be registered as a nurse in the province. the moa will ensure that the nurses will get the correct training from a reputable institution and will be recognized by cno. 
mfac president mr. jonathan macala and acting deputy secretary general norkhalila mae mambuay-campong laid out their plans for 2025, which aims to highlight not only muslim filipino culture but the whole of mindanao as well. this includes promotion of traditional food, halal products and performing arts from southern philippines. mfac expressed interest in collaborating with the philippine consulate general in toronto, the philippine trade and investment center (ptic)-toronto, other filipino community organizations and the academe on these projects.
consul general escalona sought the support of ifcna and mfac on the philippine consulate general’s activities, requesting in particular assistance on information dissemination for overseas voting for the 2025 national elections, which will be done by internet voting for the first time.

discussions with mfac on promoting culture and products of southern philippines 

ifcna president mark gravoso and founding chair austine gaqui sign the memorandum of agreement (moa) with the quirino memorial medical center (qmmc) on the training of nurses as consul sumague looks on 

mr. gravoso and mr. gaqui (on the right) pose with consul general escalona and consul sumague while holding the signed moa 
continue reading this articleadvisory: updated convenience fee on debit card payment starting on 01 february 2025
filed under announcements

continue reading this articleseafood city introduces sfc+ digital marketplace app   to filipino community leaders 
filed under press release

consul general angelica escalona (2nd from left) and trade commissioner mario tani (right) with seafood city management at the introduction of the sfc+ app held at seafood city scarborough 
18 january 2025 – seafood city invited consul general angelica escalona, trade commissioner mario tani of the philippine trade and investment center (ptic)-toronto, and filipino community leaders to the seafood city branch in scarborough to introduce its sfc+ digital marketplace app.  
the sfc+ app was officially launched in canada in december 2024.  customers using the app can earn suki points that can be used to pay for groceries, purchase digital gift vouchers from filipino brands that have partnered with seafood city, and avail of discounts and promotions.
seafood city was represented by mr. danilo torres, small business unit (sbu) food service manager; mr. alexis bantilan, scarborough store manager; ms. joan edora, customer service representative; and mr. edgardo convento, grocery head buyer.  also present were representatives of a number of seafood city’s partner filipino brands.
consul general escalona and mr. tani welcomed the launch of the sfc+ app in canada.  the consul general said, “i urge our kababayans to be ambassadors of filipino brands.  we have so many high-quality food, personal care and household products.  we look forward to working with seafood city and the community to bring more filipino brands and introduce the best of the philippines to the broader canadian market.” 
mr. tani noted that seafood city, apart from being a partner in bringing in more innovative and exciting filipino products to canada, also supports the growth of philippine micro, small and medium enterprises (msmes).

philippine consulate general in toronto officials, seafood city managers and filipino community leaders 
at the introduction of the sfc+ app 
continue reading this articlefilipino fashion designer simon ariel vasquez previews collection at the philippine consulate general in toronto
filed under press release
16 january 2025 — filipino fashion designer sav simon ariel vasquez previewed his collection of ready-to-wear filipiniana and barong at the philippine consulate general in toronto, ahead of his fashion show in calgary at the mr. & ms. philippines alberta 2025. he has previously exhibited his creations in various cities including calgary, paris, rome, tokyo, among others.



continue reading this articleinternet voting
filed under announcements
watch: the video of the commission on elections (comelec) on internet voting for filipino overseas voters. the 30-day overseas voting period for the 2025 national elections is from 13 april to 12 may 2025 at 7:00 p.m. (philippine standard time). please stand by for further announcements.

continue reading this articleconsul general angelica escalona conveys new year greetings to the lieutenant governor of ontario
filed under press release

1 january 2025 – at the lieutenant governor’s 2025 new year’s levee held at queens park, consul general angelica c. escalona conveyed new year greetings to the honourable edith dumont, lieutenant governor of ontario, on behalf of the officers and staff of the philippine consulate general in toronto and the filipino community.
continue reading this articleannouncement: 2025 consular fees, turnaround time, & consular outreach schedule
filed under announcements




continue reading this articlephilippine consulate general and filipino community commemorate   the 128th anniversary of the martyrdom of dr. jose rizal 
filed under press release

the officers and staff of the philippine consulate general in toronto and attached agencies led by consul general angelica c. escalona at the rizal day 2024 commemoration held at the sentro rizal toronto
30 december 2024 – the philippine consulate general in toronto and the filipino community held ceremonies to mark the 128th anniversary of the martyrdom of philippine national hero dr. jose rizal.  
the theme of this year’s celebration is rizal sa bagong pilipinas: buhay at aral, aming nilalandas (rizal in the new phliippines: life and teachings, as our guide).  
consul general angelica c. escalona led the rizal day commemoration at the sentro rizal toronto with philippine consulate general toronto and attached agencies personnel and consular clients. in her remarks, the consul general noted how rizal and his teachings remain relevant today as the spirit and values that he embody remain timeless.  “huwag nating kalimutang bigyan ng parangal ang ating pambansang bayani, at sana’y isa-puso at isa-gawa natin and mga aral ni dr. rizal sa bawa’t araw ng ating buhay”.
deputy consul general kerwin orville c. tate read the rizal day message of philippine president president ferdinand r. marcos, jr.  urging filipinos to take rizal’s word’s to heart, the president called on kababayans to be catalysts of change, whether in service to communities, the pursuit of knowledge, or in uplifting the marginalized.    
deputy consul general tate also attended the rizal day ceremony organized by the knights of rizal canada region at earl bales park in toronto.

philippine consulate general toronto and attached agencies personnel with consular clients

rizal day commemoration at earl bales park, city of toronto organized by the 
knights of rizal canada region 

deputy consul general kerwin orville c. tate (left), minister rechie valdez (center) and mp marco mendecino (right) delivering their respective remarks at the rizal day commemoration 
at earl bales park 
continue reading this article
filed under press release
we close this year’s 18-day campaign to end violence against women with adhika founder , nora angeles, as she talks about her group’s advocacy as well as other community resources available to victims and survivors of gender-based violence.
#phintoronto
#vawfreephilippines
#endvaw

continue reading this articlebrampton city declares december 1st  as philippines-canada friendship day
filed under press release

11 december 2024 — at the last city council session for 2024 today, brampton city mayor patrick brown proclaimed december 1st as philippines-canada friendship day.
reading the proclamation, rowena santos, regional councillor brampton wards 1&5 and first filipino elected to council in brampton, noted 2024 as a milestone year in philippines-canada bilateral relations. she, mayor patrick brown and deputy mayor harkirat singh cited their personal and professional connections to the philippines, underscoring the strong people-to-people ties that form the fabric of the relations.
in his response, speaking on behalf of consul general angelica c. escalona, deputy consul general kerwin orville c. tate conveyed the consul general’s deep appreciation for this act. “this shows how close the ties between our peoples are, and how much value the people of brampton place on filipinos and filipino-canadians in the city.” he underscored the philippine consulate general in toronto’s eagerness to work with stakeholders in brampton and the philippines in pursuing opportunities for collaboration in various fields and sectors.
the city of brampton is home to some 21,000 filipinos. every december 1st, the government of the city of brampton and the philippine consulate general in toronto will come together with the filipino community to witness the lighting of the brampton city hall clock tower in philippine flag colors  and hold the community christmas party to celebrate the holidays.
the proclamation comes on the heels of the 75th anniversary of philippines-canada diplomatic relations, signaling both sides’ intention of further elevating the partnership in the years to come.

continue reading this articleone-day pag-ibig and philhealth services
filed under announcements

for those who were not able to join us last sunday at the international forum on migration, you may still avail of pag-ibig and philhealth services at the philippine consulate general in toronto tomorrow, 10 december 2024, from 1:00p.m. to 4:00 p.m.
services available include: 
updating and amendment of philhealth member information 
issuance of philhealth ids & member data records
mp2 savings facility
pag-ibig housing loan inquiries
pag-ibig membership savings / verification
virtual pag-ibig program
continue reading this articlemonth of overseas filipinos and international migrants day commemorated in toronto through international forum on migration
filed under press release

attendees during the forum
8 december 2024 – the philippine consulate general in toronto, in coordination with the inter-agency committee for the celebration of the month of overseas filipinos and international migrants day (iac-mof), hosted an international forum on migration with the theme “empowering overseas filipinos/ofws towards sustainable reintegration” at the chelsea hotel, toronto.
in her welcome remarks, philippine ambassador to canada maria andrelita austria noted the robust filipino diaspora in canada and highlighted the need to empower them, especially through more responsive programs on pre-deployment, assistance-to-nationals and diaspora engagement.
ms. carmelita g. nuqui, president, philippine migrants rights watch (pmrw) and iac-mof co-chair, pointed to the need to strengthen domestic labor markets to mitigate the social costs of migration. commission on filipinos overseas (cfo) secretary dante francis m. ang ii and department of foreign affairs (dfa) undersecretary eduardo jose a. de vega, in recorded video messages, highlighted the importance of the active collaboration of the filipino diaspora, the philippine government and civil society partners to constantly improve services to overseas filipinos (ofs).
the first part of the forum centered on the programs and services for migrants, particularly by the department of migrant workers (dmw)/overseas workers welfare administration (owwa), department of tourism and the philippine migrants rights watch (pmrw). the open forum which followed discussed the philippine government’s policy on migration, credentials recognition, investment opportunities for ofs in the philippines and programs to assist distressed ofs. 
the forum also featured a panel discussion on success stories of filipinos in canada. among the speakers were dr. patrick alcedo, professor of dance at york university; mr. nelson rodriguez, president and ceo of the rodriguez group of companies and franchisee of potato corner in canada; and ms. judith gonzales, a former caregiver and now president of the professional career international enterprises. the discussions, which was moderated by consul general rea oreta of the philippine embassy in ottawa, highlighted the filipino values of friendliness, resilience, industriousness and adaptability as important factors for success in canada. the speakers added that determination to excel and to make a positive impact to the community are likewise crucial for success.
the forum was capped by updates provided by pag-ibig fund, philhealth, social security system (sss) and the presidential communications office (pco). 
as part of the forum, there were 17 information booths by philippine government agencies, filipino community organizations and canadian non-profit groups providing support services to newcomers and migrants. 
a virtual exhibit of the “75 faces of migration” project of philippine posts in canada, which showcased 75 filipinos and filipino-canadian trailblazers, was shown at the forum venue.  
around 140 filipino migrant workers, international students, permanent residents, dual citizens and filipino-canadians attended the event. 
on 09 december, the philippine delegation to the international forum on migration had the opportunity to visit conestoga meats in kitchener, ontario, where around 300 filipino workers are employed. they also visited the proposed jose rizal memorial site in niagara falls. 

ambassador austria (front row, fourth from right), deputy consul general kerwin orville tate (third from right) and consul general rea oreta (second from right) with the members of the philippine delegation to the international forum on migration

attendees inquiring about the programs of philhealth 

visit of the philippine delegation to conestoga meats in kitchener, ontario 

visit of the philippine delegation to the proposed jose rizal memorial site in niagara falls, ontario 
continue reading this articlephilippine consulate general, ptic bring filipino festive flavors at the launch of the dti-msme hub in toronto
filed under press release

27 november 2024 – the philippine consulate general in toronto in partnership with the philippine trade and investment center-toronto launched the philippine department of trade and industry’s micro, small and medium enterprises hub or dti-msme hub in toronto on 27 november 2024. 
in his opening remarks, deputy consul general kerwin orville c. tate lauded the dti-msme hub as the first such hub in canada and only the third in the world to date. citing the potential to do more in the economic space to build on this milestone year in philippines-canada relations and capitalize on the 1-million strong filipinos in canada, he underscored the consulate’s intent of making the hub a regular platform for introducing philippine products and services, forging new partnerships, and generating collaborative ideas.
trade commissioner mario c. tani echoed this in his remarks, underscoring the hub as a flagship initiative of dti secretary ma. cristina aldeguer-roque designed to provide philippine msmes a platform to showcase their finest, export-ready offerings and facilitate business-to-business transactions. with the hub situated within the philippine consulate general, which welcomes many kababayans daily for various transactions, he noted the possibility for every visitor to become an ambassador for philippine products, helping to amplify their reach into the canadian mainstream market.
coinciding with the holiday season, the launch featured project beans coffee and ferino’s bibingka and puto bumbong—popular filipino native delicacies (rice cakes) usually enjoyed at the end of each of the 9-day novena masses at dawn in anticipation of christmas day. alvin causing, ceo and founder of project beans, flew to toronto to personally share the history of coffee in the philippines and how his company is continuing to innovate to elevate philippine coffee on the global stage while supporting the local farmers and communities behind them. ashley tamayo of apo, the distributor of ferino’s in toronto, presented a video on the inspiring story of ferino’s bibingka and how, since its establishment in 1938, it has become a household name.
the event was attended by over 100 guests from the filipino-canadian and canadian business community, who were treated to free flowing project beans barako and arabica coffee prepared by alvin causing and his wife, as well as ferino’s bibingka and puto bumbong. toronto- and mississauga-based partner establishments also shared how they are making the products available as part of their special menu and product offerings. they whetted the appetite of guests following a sampling of the purple bakeshop’s ube cake, mineral’s espresso martini (using project beans arabica coffee), and casa manila’s longganisa tacos.
the philippines is one of the few countries that produces all four types of coffee beans: arabica, robusta, liberica (barako) and excelsa. project beans carries all four types and also produces harmony blends, as well as innovative products such as coffee in a brew bag, coco coffee (barako coffee+natural coco sugar+creamy coco cream), among others. residents in the greater toronto area can purchase and enjoy project beans coffee through the aforementioned establishments. for bulk orders and potential partner retailers, contact the consulate for introductions to the project beans team. ferino’s bibingka and puto bumbong are available from btrust supermarket north york and from apo products ltd / uno foods inc. for bulk orders. 


above: ferino’s puto bumbong and bibingka
below: members of the filipino-canadian and broader community during the dti-msme hub launch at the philippine consulate general in toronto


left to right: the purple bakeshop head of growth mark solis, mineral toronto owner bruce ly, casa manila ceo, creative director and executive chef mila nabor cuachon, deputy consul general kerwin orville tate, consul katrina isabelle borja-martin, trade commissioner mario tani, project beans ceo and founder alvin causing, and ashley tamayo of apo
continue reading this articlemessage from regional councilor rowena santos on this year’s 18-day campaign to end violence against women
filed under press release
rowena santos, regional councillor brampton wards 1&5, talks about initiatives of the city of brampton towards ending violence against women.
the city of brampton is home to some 21,000 filipino immigrants. councillor santos is the first filipino elected to council in brampton.
#phintoronto
#vawfreeph
#endvaw
#rowenasantos
rowenasantosbrampton
rowesantos
continue reading this article







office hours
 monday to friday 
09:00 am to 4:00 pm (except for philippine and canadian holiday)

by appointment


for passport renewal - 
book an appointment here
please check requirements here

for notarization of documents and nbi, please book here.
please check requirements here

for report of birth, marriage and death, please book here.
please check requirements here

for re-acquisition of philippine citizenship, please book here.
please check requirements here

for visa issuance, please read the instruction here

by mailing
dual citizenship and civil registry can also be mailed



citizen's charter

consular services

issuance of passport
travel document
issuance of visa 
requirements for the retention and re-acquisition of philippine citizenship 
notarial and other legal services 
registration of nationals
report of marriage, birth and death 
collection of income tax
balikbayan stamp
philippine embassy and consulates general in canada
philippine honorary consuls general and consul in canada





for the year 2025, the philippine consulate general is closed on
new year's day - wednesday, january 01
eid al' fitr - monday - march 31
araw ng kagitingan - wednesday - april 09
maundy thursday - april 17
good friday - april 18
easter monday - april 21
labor day- thursday, may 01
victoria day- monday, may 19
substitute holiday for independence day- friday- june 13
canada day- tuesday, july 01
civic holiday- monday, august 04
national heroes day- monday, august 25
labour day- monday, september 01
national day for truth and reconciliation- tuesday, september 30
thanksgiving day- monday, october 13
remembrance day- tuesday, november 11
christmas eve - wednesday, december 24
christmas day- thursday, december 25
boxing day- friday, december 26
new year's eve - wednesday, december 31
philippine & canadian holidays


 
contact information
philippine consulate general

								7th floor, 160 eglinton ave. east
								toronto, ontario, canada m4p 3b5
tel.:    (416) 922.7181
fax.:   (416) 922.2638
email:  consularmatters@philcongen-toronto.com
direction from the consulate general to:

 the nearest bus station:   eglinton ave. east at redpath ave.   (bus no. 34a, 34c, 34s, 51, 54a)click for direction.
 the nearest train station:  eglinton subway station (train no. 1)  click for direction.
 the nearest post office: 250 a eglinton ave e, toronto, on m4p 1k0
click for direction

trade office
7th floor, 160 eglinton ave. east
	toronto, ontario, canada m4p 3b5
email:   toronto@dti.gov.ph

web : https://www.dti.gov.ph/overseas/toronto/
facebook: https://www.facebook.com/dti-toronto-127477961223211/

migrant workers office (mwo)
								2nd floor, 160 eglinton ave. east
								toronto, ontario, canada m4p 3b5
tel.:    (416) 975.8252
hotline :   (647) 992-7656
email- official:    mwo_toronto@dmw.gov.ph
facebook: https://www.facebook.com/mwotoronto


social security system (sss)
								2nd floor, 160 eglinton ave. east
								toronto, ontario, canada m4p 3b5
tel.:    (416) 485.2999
email:   toronto@sss.gov.ph

facebook: https://www.facebook.com/ssstoronto/

sss toronto canada appointment system - you can book online!
please click here to book

pag-ibig fund

email:   vo_northamerica@pagibigfund.gov.ph






register your association!
click here to find out how...


ask us a question...
by sending us an email!




						with the signing of the dual citizenship bill into law (republic act 9225), filipinos all over the world can once again re-acquire their philippine citizenship -
						view this pdf document for more information.
                                                



 







click the image to proceed

click the image to proceed


click the image to proceed



 

register your association!
click here to find out how...


ask us a question...
by sending us an email!













home
				 | about
				 | consular services
				 | news
				 | links
				 | contact


				 7th floor, 160 eglinton ave. east, toronto, ontario, canada m4p 3b5
				 tel.: (416) 922.7181 | fax.: (416) 922.2638
consularmatters@philcongen-toronto.com 



crafted by visionic arts / maintained by pcgphotographs courtesy of  the philippine department of tourism

 







