






the southern highlands | accommodation and travel



















































home
about us
contact us
privacy policy
terms of use
  
 
 










home
accommodation
travel
about us
contact us
 





select page


  
 



 



 












explore the world
travel service is the biggest czech airline company. travel service operates regular flights under the smartwings brand, charter flights and private flights in the business jet category. travel service planes are flying to more than 400 airports on 4 continents. travel service is present on market not only in the czech republic but also in slovakia, poland and hungary, where the company has its subsidiary companies.
learn more






 




world wide travel service, a full service travel agency since 1945, with over 100yrs of collective travel experience.  featuring airline, train, tour, cruise, hotel and car reservations, travel insurance, emergency travel and passport photos.

 


 


welcome to world wide travel service

 


 
 
 




our pros are here and waiting to help you!

 
 


do you have destinations you want to visit? cruises you want to take? our agents have traveled the world and will share their expertise with you – no matter how you choose to travel.
if it’s enrichment, adventure, romance or relaxation you’re looking for – we can help. at viking travel/the cruise shop, we pride ourselves in delivering travel service beyond compare. here…it’s all about you!  let us prove it to you – today!

 
 
 




 



 



 



 
 


view more

 
 
 




make a video tour

 

a trip around the world travel film

 
 
 











 
 
 






 


wide choice of destinations

 



the southern highlands is primarily a european tour operator, but we do have a full-service retail division to handle individual travel. italy is our top destination, and we have tours to every region of the country. we’ve won two international awards for italy travel. we also arrange tours and individual travel throughout europe and the rest of the world.






 
view gallery

 
 

 
 
 




more places

 
 
 



south asia
bangladesh
maldives
pakistan
nepal
bhutan
india

 
 


south asia
panama
nicaragua
bahamas
canada
mexico

 
 


middle east
bahrain
cyprus
egypt
iran
jordan
kuwait

 
 


south america
guyana
paraguay
colombia
bolivia
brazil

 
 
 
 




exclusive offer

 

get 50% off your first trip

 

we offer discount in world travel including individual travel and cruises.

 
view packages

 
 
 




our guides

 
 
 





 
top 5 reasons why you still need a travel agent
by beau jorgenson  |  may 8, 2019  |  travel in the day and age where everything is online and on your fingertips, you can book and plan a vacation easily yourself. so why would you need a travel agent? here are some of the top reasons why you should invest in a travel agent rather than planning your complete vacation yourself;
accounting for hidden expenses
when planning a vacation, you can do all your research online and still be in the dark about hidden expenses throughout your trip. hidden tax inclusions? additional charges? add-on fees? you may not be aware of these things but your travel agent will be. it’s a good idea to have an agent to keep the budget you have for a vacation in check, otherwise more often than not, the money one actually plans on spending on a trip and the money actually spent can be two very different figures.
experience (resources)
despite your intensive research for your next vacation, you might not be able to access the resources and add-on value to your trip that a travel agent can get for you. because it’s something that he does on a daily basis, he has developed relationships and knowledge that allow him to find the best deals for you sometimes not available on the internet.

saving time and money
time is precious and it might be a wise decision to not fret about nitty-gritty details of your trip yourself. let a travel agent do it for you so you can focus on more important things and not have to stress over planning your vacation. your agent can ensure your time and money is well spent. travel agents help you get the cheapest packages available at the time according to the nature of your trip. you could get honeymoon spa packages or adelaide city tours if you want to roam around and so much more. vacations should be relaxing, so don’t be counter-productive by stressing over planning one! 
planning your itinerary
a travel agent might be the best judge of your travel itinerary when you go on vacation. it’s one thing to want to do something but it’s a completely different deal actually going through with it. that’s why a travel agent can understand what kind of vacation you’re looking for and plan your itinerary accordingly. it’s tough to judge how difficult or time consuming an activity can be so having someone who knows these details can be a good idea to keep your vacation on track both time and money wise.
having a fall-back
if anything during your trip goes sideways, you can count on your agent to try and solve the issue for you. you might not want to spend the little precious time you have trying to solve any problem you encounter during the trip. you can be sure that your travel agent will fight that battle for you if need be! 
 

 


 
travel with a small budget
by beau jorgenson  |  nov 22, 2018  |  accommodation, travel there are many people who love to travel but not always the prices of the holidays are such that you can do it. there are various ways to travel and save at the same time. we reveal some secrets to travel without spending too much money . as for the airlines we can say, in principle, that the line ones are more expensive than low cost, even if in the former the service is more accurate. so why not choose another way to travel?
the camper for example. ideal especially for large families who like to make more trips during the year. you can also find many opportunities for renting a camper , whether for a few days or a month. nowadays in europe there are many rest areas equipped for this type of holiday, of enormous diffusion in the last ten years. another way to travel by spending very little is that of camping , especially among the very young or couples who want to spend a romantic weekend in front of a beautiful fire.
when instead you opt for a hotel accommodation, it is always better to evaluate those that propose the all-inclusive package or full board; in this way you will have a big saving because you know that lunch and dinner out every day costs a lot. an eye on those who accept children free for up to 12 years or at a price at least 50% lower than that of adults.
the solution of the apartment still saves money compared to the hotel, then you just have to choose a good supermarket to do your shopping. even here it is better to opt for those who include in the price the costs of water, electricity and gas, maybe even those of final cleaning. younger people who like to travel to the cities of europe often choose the hostel as accommodation , where they can meet other young people and socialize; this is a really cheap and very popular choice for those looking for an experience in the journey and not luxury, just adapt.
today the web offers many opportunities to book last minute holidays or even last second at really incredible prices. all you need is a computer and you can do everything from your own home. in this way you can monitor the various offers and choose the one that best fits your needs as a traveler.

 


 
how to travel the world, spending as little as possible
by beau jorgenson  |  nov 22, 2018  |  accommodation, travel the dream of every self-respecting traveler is to travel around the world spending as little as possible .
since there is internet to show photos and videos of incredible places, apparently close at hand, the desire to leave everything and leave has become even stronger. but then you have to deal with the budget and with the bills to pay and the suitcase is immediately placed in the closet. how, then, to travel the world spending as little as possible?
the first thing to do, of course, is to choose an economic destination . instead of planning a holiday in the norwegian fjords, you could buy a motorcycle and travel around india. asia is an extraordinary continent, rich in culture and beauty and the most exciting thing is that these wonders are accessible almost to everyone. countries like nepal, india, vietnam, sri lanka or china allow you to spend whole months spending just over $ 15 a day.
the same is true for central america : guatemala, nicaragua and salvador are among the cheapest countries to spend time.
another way to travel cheaply is to work in the places you visit . of course, finding a temporary job is not easy but, for example, if you are a digital nomad and offer services via the internet, you can earn and travel simultaneously .
and then there is the woofing , the program that allows you to work in the countryside in exchange for food and lodging . by subscribing to the wwoof website and paying $ 40, you join the network that connects manpower and farmers all over the world, willing to work at a farm in exchange for food and lodging. this is a way to travel to countries like canada, australia, the united states or europe, where the cost of living is certainly higher .
even the coachsurfing is a way to travel without breaking the bank. through this program, people make available a bed or sofa in their own home for the other members of the site. this is also a way to get in touch with the locals and experience the culture of a foreign country from within.
then there is the housesitting : in practice, we take care of a person’s house while it is away. also in this case, accommodation is free and the cost of the holiday becomes really low.
another solution to get around the world at low cost is to buy a camper , for adventure lovers, fun is guaranteed.
then there are some simple rules to follow each time you travel: choose cheap entertainment , save money on food and take advantage of the many free attractions.

 



 

 
 
 





what are you waiting for?

 
get in touch



 
 
  
  
 
 






facebook




twitter




google




rss


designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress  

 
 
 
















