



	home | national drought mitigation center















































national drought mitigation center















home
education

drought basics
drought in-depth

what is drought?
types of drought
predicting drought
enso and drought forecasting
what is climatology?
climate change


drought for kids

what is drought?
how do people study drought?
how does drought affect our lives?
can we protect ourselves from drought?
glossary


dust bowl
tutorials

u.s. drought monitor tutorial

who makes the map?
what does the map show?
what data are used to make the map?
how are the drought categories assigned?
what is the timeline for production?
where can i find the u.s. drought monitor?
how can i contribute?
who uses the u.s. drought monitor?


grass-cast tutorial


drought games


planning

plan for drought
planning processes

drought-ready communities
planning and drought


drought plans

international plans
state drought contacts
stateplanning
state plans
tribal plans


drought mitigation database
ranch planning


monitoring

u.s drought monitor
drought monitoring tools
climographs
historic pdsi
river basin pdsi
standardized precipitation index

map interpretation
maps
spi program


owwls


publications

news

news archive


droughtscape
dry horizons
drought summaries

monthly summary archive


annual reports
fact sheets
social media resources
scholarly publications
drought network news


our work

global
projects

northeast u.s.
usdm northwest
prob exceedance


project detail



about us

who we are
contact us
events
employment
support ndmc
diversity



drought headlines

drought headlines archive


web policy
update bookmarks
page not found









home


home




january 2025 drought climate and impact summariesdrought worsens across parts of the southwest
dry conditions in the southwest contribute to wildfires, water and ag impacts
read the summariesadobe stockdroughtscape winter 2024new group works together to answer questions about great plains stock pondsmany climate records set in 2024, including warmest year in the u.s.ndmc graduate student contributes expertise to pbs showread droughtscapeadobe stockdry horizons january 2025droughts exacerbate pfas contamination in wastewater
increasing evaporative demand a key driver in hydroclimate whiplash
increasing drought events likely to impact wildlife populations
read dry horizonsadobe stockdecember 2024 drought climate and impacts summariesdrought coverage begins to ease in the northeast
drought causes water supply issues in texas and the mid-atlantic
read the summarieswikimedia commonswhat is the u.s. drought monitor?learn about the beginning and evolution of this valuable tool
watch the tutorials




the drought center helps people, organizations and institutions build resilience to drought through monitoring and planning, and we are the academic partner and web host of the u.s. drought monitor. our capabilities include climatology, social science and public engagement, and we work at all scales, from individual ranches to local, state and tribal government, and countries around the world.





 
education

learn about drought through the eyes of climatologists, and learn how people are working to prevent the effects of drought.

 
planning

drought is a normal part of nearly every climate on the planet. planning ahead for variation in water supply helps reduce unpleasant surprises.

 
monitoring

what is the best way for you to recognize that you are in drought? where does your water come from, and who is keeping track of it?










contact


national drought mitigation centeruniversity of nebraska-lincoln 3310 holdrege street, lincoln, 68583-0988 p.o. box 830988, lincoln, 68583-0988 (402) 472–6707 (402) 472-2946 ndmc@unl.edu

more contact info
web policy




news

taking stock: interdisciplinary group works together on great plains stock pond issuesjanuary 31, 2025brief mentions january 2025january 31, 2025in memoriam: deb wood, 1956-2024december 18, 2024

more news



follow us


follow the ndmc on social media to receive the latest information and updates about our work.

x
mastodon
instagram
facebook
youtube











©2025 - national drought mitigation center
commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion






