







applied ecological institute



























































































sign in
my account




















about us


              the regenerative standard
            

              nature's registry
            

              other programs
            

              resources
            



            contact us
          





back


            our story
          

            annual reports
          

            team and allies
          








































sign in
my account




















about us

our story
annual reports
team and allies

the regenerative standardnature's registryother programsresources











contact us









scroll






 









   

focused on the science and application of ecology in restoring healthy ecosystems

  











  









 

the climate, biodiversity, food security, natural resources crises are human made and ours to solve. but the solutions need a focus on natural solutions. we believe ecological intelligence, "ei" is critical to the future. unlike artificial intelligence, (“ai”), ei encompasses detailed knowledge about natural ecosystems, their functionality, structure, composition, and how to restore and maintain the earth's health and diversity. aei has ei experience measuring functioning ecosystems, diagnosing failing ecosystems, and communicating complexity in simple terms. aei is a renown expert in delivering ei to inform others, bringing a new vernacular, literacy, and opportunity to the world. this platform represents the core of our work: science, collaboration, integrity. nature is our partner, our mentor, our north star. our focus on ei ensures we integrate nature's regenerative power in all we do, and that our solutions and actions achieve our vision: thriving life on earth for all generations.   




    read our story
  

  




  

the regenerative standardthe regenerative standard accelerates nature-positive ecosystem regeneration.




    learn more
  

  







  

nature’s registry













a secure and transparent digital ledger tracking ecosystem service credits generated through vetted, nature-based solutions quantification protocols.




    explore
  

  







  








steven i. apfelbaum, m.s.founder,  chairman, executive director & senior ecologistfounder, chairman and former ceo/president, applied ecological services, inc. 2010 recipient john t. curtis lifetime achievement award from the aldo leopold foundation





visionary steve apfelbaum is the inspiration driving aei. visionary steve apfelbaum is the inspiration driving aei. for over 40 years, steve has proven to be one of the world’s most innovative ecologists creating and scaling one of the most successful applied ecological firms, applied ecological services, inc. he is a pioneer in the fields of regenerative agriculture, carbon measurement and sequestration, soil health, conservation finance, landscape scale restoration and watershed management technologies as well as many other ecological innovations. steve believes there are many unrealized ecological-based solutions that will rapidly change the direction of a depleted earth to one of ecological abundance. he believes that these solutions benefit from diverse participation during vetting, nurturing and commercialization. when science, local knowledge and enthusiasm foster impact-focused outcomes, entrepreneurs and impact focused investors can scale up positive change in restoration and rehabilitation.




    meet the team
  

  






home



welcome



new page



new page



new page








 









 

ecological collaborationwe can’t do this alone. we are all part of social networks, building up our connections, collaborating on scientific exploration, and restoring landscapes. we value allies, friends and clients where we can build something together. please contact us if you are looking for help with a restoration project, have a great idea for a grant, or want to be part of the science of aei. we welcome all inquiries about nature’s registry and applications from new project developers, verifiers, and buyers. 

 








              name
              
                *




first name





last name





              company
              
            




              email
              
                *





              message
              
            







thank you!




  





homeabout usteam and alliesthe regenerative standardnature's registryother programsresourcescontact us


   



join our community
sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.




email address






sign up





we respect your privacy.
thank you!





© applied ecological institute 2025 i all rights reserved









