


welcome to speed shack
















a


 

 

 








 ford performance, classic and motorsport parts specialist based near london heathrow -  established  over 26 years.
  
 








please 
        use the part numbers & description when calling for mail order or 
        even just enquiring. thank you.





 

new parts




 


wheelnuts, wheelbolts, wheelspacers, wheelstuds, locking wheelnuts and bolts 
 ashley ford exhaust systems
ashley sports rear boxes / silencers
  exhausts
gauges
exterior 
                      styling
interior 
                      styling
wheels 
                      & tyres ( new and used) 

ford parts 

books
misc 
                      parts
ssk 
                      history





 

 second hand 
                  parts 




 


cars for sale 
escort 
                        mk1&2 
escort 
                      mk3,4,5,6
cortina + anglia + granada parts 
fiesta
focus
sierra & cossy
capri
mondeo 1,2
ka, 
                      puma, etc
non ford cars
axles,diffs,g/box
engines & parts
carbs + nitrous + air filters 
fuel delivery
manifolds
exhaust's
alloys 
                      
rover v8 parts
misc parts
seats 
                      & harness
wheels & tyres ( new and used)





 

 interiors




 

we carry 
                  a good range of interiors,what we have in stock can be found 
                  on their relevant pages i.e. ford, peugeot etc,




 

 fun & games
                       




 

wallpapers
video 
                      footage

 
contact speedshack by e-mail - click here 


















welcome to 
                                the speedshack web site !








 
 
2016 was our silver anniversary year 
 established 26 years
please 'like' the speedshack facebook page, and to keep updated with our latest listed ebay items please follow our ebay shop 'speedshacklondon' 
classic and performance ford parts - new + used for late 60's to early 90's fords, also : 
wheelnuts / sleevenuts / wolfrace nuts / aluminium wheelnuts / radius seat nuts / taper seat nuts / flat seat nuts / wheelbolts - taper - radius - flat seating / longer wheelbolts / tuner nuts and bolts /  press in wheelstuds / longer wheelstuds / stud conversions / wheelspacers (universal and hub centric / hub locating) for most makes of vehicle including classic cars and classic wheels, fse fuel supply products including facet fuel pumps, regulators, carb linkages and accessories, ashley exhausts, wipac headlamps and bowls, 
check premises opening times before visiting ! 
 our premises opening hours : 
monday to friday 4.30pm to 7pm
saturdays 12noon to 5pm
closed sundays and bank holidays
our phone lines opening hours for all enquiries and mail orders : 
monday to friday 9.30am to 7pm
saturday 12noon to 5pm 
our contact details : 
01895 - 449066 - shop landline - 9.30am to 7pm
07554 - 309310 - mobile -  9.30am - 7pm
phone +44 - 1895 - 449066 from overseas
or mobile +44 - 7554 - 309310 from overseas
please call before making a special journey as hours can vary now and again.
-------------------------------------------------------
our e-mail address : 
speedshack@live.co.uk
our premises address (not postal address): 
rear of 4 st. stephens road, off high street, yiewsley, west drayton, middlesex,  ub7 - 7rl, united kingdom. located approximately half way between heathrow airport and uxbridge. 
access to our premises / gates : at the end of  the car driveway in between  houses  no.4 and no.4a st.stephens road, yiewsley, ub7-7rl.
 free parking is available in driveway. 
this is not our postal address - see below. please phone before making a special journey.
our postal addresses
 - please send all letters with no signature required on delivery to our premises address above but send all parcels and items requiring a signature to : 
speedshack c/o 146 high street, yiewsley, west drayton, middx, ub7-7bd 
fed up with getting messed around and the hassle of selling your parts on ebay / gumtree ? or just need a quick sale ? we buy used and new old stock parts for classic fords for cash - call us and let us know what you have. 
------------------------------------
 from 2008, after 16 years, we moved from our   well known high street shop which was originally opened in 1992, we are now operating speedshack  from a unit and yard premises at the rear of our old shop, now accessed via the driveway in between number 4 and 4a st.stephens road, off high street, yiewsley, middlesex, ub7-7rl. free parking in driveway. 
visitors in person are   very welcome  if you wish to view or collect parts in person, or simply have a look around, or maybe sell your unwanted or surplus parts to us. please make sure you phone us first before making a special journey. phone number and mail order service remain as before un-changed, new on-line shopping website coming soon - watch this space.
we hope you will 
                              find this website informative and easy to navigate. if you have 
                              any comments about the site please let us know. we would 
                              prefer you to contact us by phone as it's not always possible 
                              to answer high volumes of emails immediately, however, if e-mail is the 
                        only option especially if you need to send us photos, please click on the blue link above.
credit / debit 
                      cards : we  carry out card security checks on all 
                      mail order transactions. we will only deal with the actual 
                      cardholder, please make sure you have your card with 
                      you when placing orders. any fraudulent transactions will 
                    be reported to the police. for security reasons all overseas orders and higher value uk mail orders can only be sent to the card holders  address as printed on the card or bank statement, which is checked by us at the time of transaction. we make a 1.5% handling charge on credit card payments, and a 4% handling charge for american express and paypal payments. no charge for debit cards. we accept paypal even for non ebay sales. 
_______________________________________________________________
we have 1000's of new and used parts in stock and can't possibly list everything, so 
                      please call if you don't see what you're looking for.
if you don't see what you 
                      are looking for, we can obtain most new performance parts 
                      to order, usually overnight delivery to either the shop for you to collect or directly to you at your home or work address - please phone for 
                      details. if we can't help we'll try to tell you who can 
                      !! 
speedshack supply wheel nuts, wheel bolts and wheel spacers of many different types, 
                      body styling, performance exhausts, lighting, performance 
                      seating, fuel supply products and carburettors, manifolds, 
                      interior, exterior and under-bonnet styling, polished fabricated 
                      alloy tanks, turbo's, dump valves and accessories, uprated 
                      brakes and suspension, engine tuning parts,  wheel accessories (wheelnuts + bolts, spigot rings / fitting rings, wheelspacers, hub locating spacers etc) from o.z., fox,  superlite, superlight, minilite, minilight, compomotive, revolution,  john brown wheels, jbw, dunlop, cosmic, ronal, league, 
                      aez, bk, wolfrace (commonly miss-spelt as wolferace), lenso, 
                      ace, mak, atp, bsa, team dynamics, dezent, dot z, kahn and 
                      many more. 
we will supply new parts for 
                      newer vehicles, and older retro cars providing the parts 
                      are still manufactured to special order. although we specialise in ford, will happily supply 
                      performance parts for any make of car. classic fords of 
                      the late 60's, 70's, 80's and now more modern fords from the early 90's are our speciality. 

                      for more information : please 
                      call us ! friendly and helpful response guaranteed 
                      ! 

speedshack is well known to those who have visited us as a fascinating and friendly aladdin's 
                      cave type parts shop crammed with parts from floor to ceiling. 
                      mail order is a popular way to buy from us, however we are 
                      most happy to meet you in person  (please call first) if you can get to our premises located between heathrow and uxbridge. 
we will supply most parts 
                      from most large and many small manufacturers. 
this is an information site 
                      only. please contact the shop by phone or e-mail to check 
                      parts availability or to order. 
click here for main 
                    address
 
















about 
                              mail order from speedshack :









 
we accept all major credit 
                    + debit cards subject to the normal card security checks. 
                    please have the card with you when ordering. we apply a surcharge 
                    on all credit cards and visa electron of 1.5%, and 4% on american express and 4% on paypal. if you use a debit i.e. switch card, 
                    visa delta, maestro etc  there 
                  is no surcharge.
speedshack offers a 24hr courier 
                      service on most items. 
                      we can arrange delivery before 12 noon , before 10am, or afternoon only for an extra charge. small items can be delivered saturday morning relatively cheaply using royal mails' special delivery saturday service.
                    most of our items are sent by uk mail (previously business post) courier on overnight 
                delivery, we occasionally use royal mail recorded delivery signed for or special delivery on some small 
              items. our minimum postage cost on any item is £3.50. 
if you are not in to sign for a parcel we send using  uk mail, they will put a card through your door, you need to contact the depot on the card to re-arrange delivery or collect in person from the nearest depot. 
                    
please note due to the potential damage in the post and the lack of staff time available to pack these items thoroughly we are not able to post large body panels or glass at all 
                  (i.e. doors, wings, large bumpers, tailgates and bonnets) - sorry. 
                    just a reminder : always open & check the parcel before 
                      signing for it
                         damage in transit cannot be claimed for on 'goods in transit' 
                              once it is signed for as 'received in good condition 
                  !!
                    shipping costs will be given to you at the time you place 
                    your order. minimum charge for postage is £3.50. most 
                    items can be sent between £6.95 and £20 except for very 
                     bulky or heavy items.
note: delivery surcharges 
                    : add £18.80 per delivery for highlands of scotland. 
                    for northern ireland, isle of man, offshore and channel islands 
                    add £24.95 per delivery. add £8.95 surcharge for isle of wight deliveries.
an additional charge applies 
                    for deliveries before noon, or saturday deliveries.
these surcharges are imposed 
                    on us by the courier and are out of our control - sorry.
on parts returned for credit 
                    that were correctly supplied there is likely to be a handling 
                    charge of up to 20% applied to your refund, plus any postage 
                    charges incurred in sending the goods back to the manufacturer 
                    / supplier.
 distance selling regulations 
                    require us to give you a 7 day cooling off period on new mail 
                    ordered parts, where you can send parts back to us for a full 
                    refund if you change your mind about your purchase, providing 
                    the parts are un-used in the original packaging and in as new re-saleable 
                    condition. (postage charges not normally refunded - sorry) 
                    this does not apply in the case of specially ordered or made 
                    to order parts.
overseas deliveries : please 
                    call or e-mail us for a quote - we use royal mail international signed for service on small parcels under 2kg, and international continental couriers for all other overseas parcels. the road service to most european destinations are very competitive.








 

 

 

new 
                              products examples : 







 
  



crystal 7" headlamps to suit most cars fitted with 7" sealed beams as standard i.e. mk1 and 2 escort, mini and many cars of the 70's. completely clear convex outer lens. includes h4 halogen bulb and sidelight holder which uses capless bulbs so led bulbs can be used if required . pic available on request. now e-marked. made by well known brand name wipac. (backing bowls shown in photo not included) 
£48.95 pr 


 

bosch 
                          electric fuel pumps for rs turbo series 1 and 2. brand 
                          new with warranty.
mk1 and 
                          2 escort new rear 
                          9" brake drums by lockheed
£134.95
£48.95ea


 
rs 
                        turbo escort series 1 and 2 turbo oil - feed pipe. stainless 
                        steel overbraided replacement for the original. 
£31.95


 
new 
                        in - speedshack have had re-manufactured the mk2 
                        escort factory oil pressure gauge oil feed pipe. as per 
                        the original this is a black plastic pipe with 'sweated' 
                        on fittings, right angled unions at both ends. directly 
                        replaces the original or if you are fitting an rs dash 
                        to a non-rs car this is the pipe you'll need !! postage 
                        is £2.95
£27.95


 
new 
                        in - mk1 escort front 'bib' spoilers as fitted 
                        to many classic ford magazine feature cars. very well 
                        made, fibreglass
£ phone 


 
brake 
                        caliper rebuild kit, includes dust seals, main piston 
                        seals, dust seal retaining clips. 1 kit does 2 calipers. 
                        this is the most common ford 1970's and 80's caliper fitted 
                        to rear wheel drive cars i.e. capri mk1+2+3 most models 
                        / escort mk1 (rs+mex) + mk2 most models / cortina mk3+4+5

£22.50 
                        kit 


 
new 
                          product !! now in stock 
                          !  - mk1 escort / mk1 capri pre-facelift 
                          clear rear lenses and clear front indicators - photo available. 
                          to order call now on 01895-449066. prices include vat. 
                          amber bulbs required for fronts. rears come with red 
                          and amber tinted bulbs. .for 
                          show use only. chrome rear bezel as shown not included.
£29.95 
                          per pair fronts
£ nla on  rears



new 
                        turbo's for escort rs turbo s1 + 2 ( exchange ) by turbo 
                        technics - hybrids also available - call for prices 
£415.00



we 
                        now stock ngk spark plugs forcrossflow, pinto, rs turbo 
                        cvh 
£ call



we stock k&n bolt-on filters and induction kits, ebc brake pads, black diamond discs pads and clutches, mountney steering wheels + adaptor bosses, k&n air filters, payen and bga ford gasket sets, cometic rs turbo head gaskets, felpro head gasket for cvh / 
                        crossflow and pinto, ashley exhausts, uprated suspension spring kits, grayston products including lowering block kits and coil spring raisers, window tint film, weber carburettor service kits, wheelnuts, wheelbolts, wheelstuds and longer wheelstuds + locknuts for most cars, wheelspacers, trs harnesses, exhaust wrap, exhaust tubing, bends and over axle bends and reducers for diy fitting, led bulbs, ultra power bulbs, bumper inserts, samco hoses, strut braces, 'ignitor' electronic ignition conversions by pertronix, taylor performance ignition leads, facet fuel pumps and accessories, fuel pressure regulators and gauges, tim, ford racing, mocal and tim instruments / gauges, richbrook ford licenced products,  spax shock absorbers and spring kits, pro-sport spring and suspension kits, delta-mics wheelspacers and adaptors, tri-lock locking wheelnuts, grayston locking wheel nuts and bolts, superflex suspension poly bushes, ashley exhausts, tex mirrors, payen / bga ford gaskets, bailey motorsport dump valves and fitting kits / alloy tanks, and much more............ 
 


 
fiesta 
                        mk3 polished st.steel under-bonnet vent plates 
£ nla 


 
 
£



 
£



 
£



 


pro alloy motorspor      rt 
                    rs turbo series 2 new design generation 2 design front mounted 
                    intercooler including twin fans, only
£459.00  this new design positions 
                    the twin fans between the radiator and intercooler, and the 
                    shape of the cooler has been squared off. original intercooler 
                    hoses can be used and fitting is dead simple.

                    pro alloy motorsport fiesta rs turbo front mounted intercooler 
                    including new cooling fan, only £449.00
pro alloy front mounted intercooler 
                    has been designed with an anti lag layout. this was tested 
                    on an rs turbo s2 by speedshack staff and big gains were noted.
                    very good value at this price and very well manufactured. 
                    only 1 hole to drill to fit !
(also available, escort rs 
                    turbo pace front mounted intercooler with new charge carrier 
                    pipe and twin fans @ £625. sorry not available 
                    for fiesta rs turbo)
all other pro alloy motorsport, pace performance, forge motorsport and spec-r products available to order.
newsflash - august 2008 - ford racing 52mm white face gauges have now been discontinued - the new range gauges are now in but have black faces. and are all electrical instruments except for the boost gauge - watch this space.. 


























all prices subject to change without notice.
 e&oe. 







[ privacy ] [ disclaimer]










 






 
cars for sale : 
 






 to clear : 







 new product 
                  lines 













 we carry many new parts in stock or to order please don't hesitate 
              to contact us.









search speedshack site:







search the speedshack site - enter search word here :










 







 how to get 
                  to us






click 
              to view road map printer friendly version
full 
              detailed version






 our phone 
                  numbers 





  a t present, we only have the resources it 
              takes to reply to some of the sales & technical 
              enquiries we receive by e-mail, and have been forced to try and 
              cut down the time spent replying to e-mails, at the same time we 
              do not wish to give some customers the impression we are ignoring 
              their e-mails or not giving the technical advice and help requested. we do our best to reply to emails withing 48 hours or quicker..
              you may often get a quicker response if you call us by phone. if 
              this applies in your case, please call us between 9.30am 
              & 7pm on
01895-449066 or 07554-309310  and we will normally be most 
              happy to help with the information you require or your sales enquiry. for e-mails we do receive we do our best to respond within 24-48 hours not including weekends or bank holidays, 80% of e-mails are replied to the same day. 
 sorry and thanks in advance for your 
              co-operation



 



 ** contact speedshack by e-mail - click here ** 





  




© 2015 webshack design. 
          © speedshack performance parts
          page updated feb 25th 2015
          









