







welcome to ericcarmen.com



































 






   search 


















 

 




 






  


biography
i was born and raised in lyndhurst, ohio, and was singing before most kids could talk. sensing i had some talent, my parents enrolled me at the cleveland institute of music at just two and a half. by twelve, i was writing my own songs. then the beatles happened and nothing would ever be the same again.

							i bounced from band to band until i joined three of my heroes in raspberries. we had hits like “go all the way” and “i wanna be with you,” but alas, we collapsed under the pressure. in 1975, i recorded my first solo album, and “all by myself” became an international top-five hit. i released more solo albums and then got the call to write for footloose, and “almost paradise” became a big hit. a few years later, i was asked to produce and sing a little song called “hungry eyes” for dirty dancing.

							in 2000, i joined ringo starr’s all star band and had to pinch myself, notably,  when we played on the same stage where i first saw the beatles. not long after, raspberries reunited for the first time in over thirty years. we rehearsed the band, sold out our first show in four minutes, and blew the roof off the place.


  









latest release





 
  
 





 and now, eric carmen 
 released: 08/08/2024  label: sony legacy  format: digital download  certifications: none 





 






















 
  



 
  



 
  



 
  



 
  



 
  



 
  



 
  



 
  









albums





 
  
 

 

 

 




 raspberries 





 
  
 

 

 

 




 fresh 





 
  
 

 

 

 




 side 3 





 
  
 

 

 

 




 starting over 





 
  
 

 

 

 




 eric carmen 





 
  
 

 

 

 




 boats against the current 





 
  
 

 

 

 




 change of heart 





 
  
 

 

 

 




 tonight you're mine 





 
  
 

 

 

 




 eric carmen (geffen) 





 
  
 

 

 

 




 winter dreams 





 
  
 

 

 

 




 live on sunset strip 





 
  
 

 

 

 




 pop art live 











©2024 ericcarmen.com
							all photos, video and audio clips are used with permission or understood to be in the public domain. please notify us otherwise and we will remove immediately.
    















