
















webster's dictionary

































































































































































thursday, july 14, 2011








webster's new college dictionary, third edition







comprehensive and fully up-to-date, webster’s new college dictionary includes the latest vocabulary in science, technology, medicine, contemporary culture, and much more. the definitions are clear and precise, and feature notes offer insightful guidance on the vocabulary of american english. this updated edition of the popular family-friendly dictionary, with a fresh and contemporary new look that sets it apart from other webster’s dictionaries, features more than 250 new words, such as dwarf planet, eyewall, manchego, and puggle. the biographical section has been completely revised to include scores of current political, literary, and scientific figures, such as tim berners-lee, jhumpa lahiri, and nicolas sarkozy.created to serve the needs of a wide range of users, including students on campus and families at home, webster’s new college dictionary has hundreds of notes on usage, word histories, and synonyms that shed light on our language and offer guidance on word choice. authoritative and easy to use, this resource is a trusted companion to inquisitive minds at every stage of life.webster’s new college dictionary has everything you need in a dictionary, including: • new words and senses: hundreds of additions, with clearly written, concise definitions • detailed illustrations: hundreds of drawings that enhance definitions • feature notes: expert guidance on usage problems as well as extra information on synonyms and word histories to assist in finding the right word and using it correctly • words in context: abundant examples that show how to use words accurately •biographical entries: more than 8,000 notable people from all over the world and every historical era •geographical entries: more than 6,000 countries, cities, rivers, mountains, and other geographical areas and features, including recent political changes •abbreviations: a listing of thousands of common abbreviations and their meanings •charts and tables: handy information on the major alphabets and calendars, books of the bible, currency, chemical elements, metric conversions, and more •style guide: an authoritative review of the rules of capitalization, punctuation, and the use of italics, with numerous examples •colleges and universities: essential statistics on two- and four-year colleges and universities in the united states


list price: $ 25.95

price: $ 14.88
webster's newworld dictionary of computer terms (back)

image by whistling in the dark
scan of the back of 1983's "webster's newworld dictionary of computer terms."  from the collection of k. gift from me via the strand's  section. 





posted by



duongst




at

9:38 am



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
college,
dictionary,
edition,
third,
webster's
















merriam-webster's everyday language reference set






isbn13: 9780877798750condition: newnotes: brand new from publisher! buy with confidence, over one million books sold! 98% positive feedback. compare our books, prices and service to the competition. 100% satisfaction guaranteedan attractive, affordable reference set. includes the merriam-webster dictionary, the merriam-webster thesaurus, and merriam-webster's new vocabulary builder. the perfect tool for students who need authoritative resources at their fingertips.



list price: $ 19.50

price: $ 10.40
webster's 1956 dictionary

image by aj marx
five inches thick!





posted by



duongst




at

9:37 am



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
everyday,
language,
merriamwebster's,
reference













older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















search this blog























match up





match each word in the left column with its synonym on the right. when finished, click answer to see the results. good luck!
 


match up
provided by the free dictionary





dictionary lookup box






online reference
dictionary, encyclopedia & more
word:


look in:

dictionary & thesaurus
medical dictionary
legal dictionary
financial dictionary
acronyms
idioms
encyclopedia
wikipedia
periodicals
literature
other languages:
spanish dictionary
german dictionary
french dictionary
italian dictionary
chinese dictionary
portuguese dictionary
dutch dictionary
norwegian dictionary
greek dictionary
russian dictionary

by:
wordstarts with
ends withmentions





best products








spelling bee




difficulty level: 
easy
hard
expert
score: -

please wait...
 
spell the word:





spelling bee
provided by the free dictionary





blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2011

(18)





        ▼ 
      



july

(18)

webster's new college dictionary, third edition
merriam-webster's everyday language reference set
merriam-webster's collegiate dictionary, 11th edition
merriam-webster's dictionary and thesaurus (dictio...
new american webster handy college dictionary, 4th...
merriam-webster's collegiate dictionary (jacketed,...
elements
definitions
origin
white legend
black legend
word of the day
article of the day
this day in history
today's birthday
in the news
quote of the day
webster's dictionary










followers



























































copyright (c) 2011. websterdictionary.blogspot.com. simple theme. theme images by luoman. powered by blogger.
























