

















yasjess science and technology




















yasjess science and technology



info science and technology























porn sites, how to make money



categories: 











 online porn right now is a very profitable business. a few robot researchers found that porn sites that offer free content as a marketing strategy to other expensive adult content. a large number of free pages can be used to get new visitors or participants. according to comscore media metrix study, december 2005, thousands of visitors to pornographic websites, it amounted to 63400 23.1 per cent of the total number of internet users. according to john e. dunn, techworld, some researchers who are capable of transporting 49000 visitors from third party websites only $ 161, it shows how easy it is to find a porn webmaster audience. online porn is also a source of malware. what is malware? malware is malicious software that is installed on the computer system without the intention of users and can be used to steal sensitive data such as credit card numbers, visitors online banking username and password, or it is created and destroyed a corrupted operating system computer users. malware can be a virus, worm, trojan horse, spyware, adware and other potentially unwanted software. this is the reason why porn sites included with the malware. you can make money by illegal means. we can prevent our children as early as possible or family always install smart audience filter porn sites porn in our computer operating system. it's such a waste of money, they buy online pornography or spending time in front of the computer to access sites for adults. you can enrich the online porn industry by accessing only without their intentions, it can also steal the malware backdoor personal data or damage to your computer system. installation of smart filters, porn is a good choice because he can block inappropriate content such as malware. and we also can be free berexpresi inside the porn site that we find in the internet  
























the different innovations we see in science and technology



categories: 











 the different innovations we see in science and technology  nowadays come from different bright minds working together to address  mankind's needs.as the fearless quest against hunger and diseases  continues, the complexity of human relationships goes on opposite ways,  into something paradoxical. a lot has been said and done on how people  become friends and soon go on separate ways.there are norms that  are already set in our society a long time ago. but there are also  standards set in one's self. men prefer to marry younger women. but with  some beliefs in the community, marriage of two people with significant  age gap is considered a "cradle snatchers" act for the older partner.arranged  marriage is sometimes easier to handle for more innocent women compared  to those who are already more experienced in life. the society has  already a standard as to when the marrying age is still up especially  for the females. but this doesn't mean that when they reach or have even  outgrown that preferred time, walking down the aisle is already an  elusive dream.age should not be taken as a serious factor in the  issues of marriage, just like how it is also being taken on the  corporate world. having a younger wife doesn't always mean a better  companion in life.setting people into marriage is no longer as  simple and private as before. this tradition becomes so commercialized  these days. it's like a trading game. as long as there's a willing buyer  and seller, a deal can be sealed anytime.just like a real trade,  the deal is accompanied by a contract between two individuals with a  possible involvement of a third party broker. a girl traded for marriage  is being presented with attractive opportunities like local and out of  the country travels.when all the parties agree, the contents of  the contract take place. an instant marriage is set. but the situation  is much better if the two complete strangers become good friends and  eventually, lovers. 

























subscribe to:
posts (atom)






search this blog




















popular posts




funny photos to download
  are you looking for funny photo frames to download ? you have come to the right place then. here, you will have the best selections of pho...





porn sites, how to make money
      online porn right now is a very profitable business. a few robot researchers found that porn sites that offer free content as a market...





yasjess
yasjess





nature inspired - arts and science
henry david thoreau (1817-1862) died just as the american civil war came to a full blow with the confederate forces crossed the potomac rive...





limits of technology and the limits of science
in 1997, i managed to get a copy of the book "limits to growth", which was published in 1972. i knew the basic ideas contained in ...







blog archive




blog archive
september (1)
march (14)
february (3)
january (2)
december (3)
november (3)
october (3)
september (4)
august (3)
july (3)
june (3)
may (4)
april (3)
march (3)
february (4)
january (3)







 


yasjess science and technology






