





eliovson & tenore law offices
































 















dedicated to the security and well-being of seniors and their families facing today’s complex legal and social services environmentsm



why elder law
choosing a lawyer
about us

lyn eliovson
christine m. tenore


testimonials
helpful links
in the news
contact us


we are living longer
our estate planning and family counseling practice is a committed and caring group serving connecticut families.  our estates & trusts practice is based on personal relationships with each client, bound by compassionate listening and counseling as a foundation for effective legal advice.  eliovson & tenore (e&t) is well-known for its excellent estates, trusts and elder law knowledge.
family circumstances change as our families grow and move on.  financial circumstances in today’s world are also changing.  we often face legal, financial, physical and psychological challenges as life evolves.
health coverage changes, coupled with dramatically-rising costs face all of us.  even at best, this is a threat to the future well-being of most americans even while looking for ways to keep financial and personal independence.
who does our practice serve?
someone like you, or your parents, who may share the growing awareness that conventional estate planning and trust solutions may not meet their future needs.
at eliovson & tenore, our estates & trusts and elderlaw firm is dedicated to help clients face today’s difficult financial, aging and health-related special needs and financial issues.
click here for more on elderlaw, browse highlights from testimonials from our many clients, or learn more about our friendly, qualified team and how we can help you or someone you love enjoy peace-of-mind and a happier, more secure future.
affiliations













































 117 tunxis hill road
fairfield, ct 06825
tel: 203-336-2566
fax: 203-336-2563




copyright© 2000–2025 · by the law offices of eliovson and tenore  117 tunxis hill road, fairfield, ct 06825tel 203-336-2566  fax  / 203-336-2563
this website is designed for general information only. the information presented at this site should not be construed to be formal legal advice, nor the formation of an attorney/client relationship. we serve residents of these and surrounding municipalities: fairfield, trumbull, stratford, westport, weston, easton, bridgeport, monroe, norwalk, wilton, darien, greenwich, stamford, shelton, ansonia, and derby.




manage cookie consent






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent









