








suicide.org: suicide prevention, suicide awareness, suicide support - suicide.org! suicide.org! suicide.org!




suicide.org is a 501c3 non-profit organization and website
 
  



 suicide.org needs your help

 please  help us prevent suicides 
and advance suicide awareness. 
we cannot advance our lifesaving work 
without your help. 



  help save lives! please click below now:





 >>> click here to save lives now <<<













click here if you are suicidal




help save lives! please click below:



donate








search suicide.org









home




suicide articles




suicide.org websites




suicide warning signs




suicide causes




suicide faqs




depression & suicide




bipolar disorder & suicide




schizophrenia & suicide




ptsd & suicide




postpartum depression & suicide




domestic violence & suicide




rape & suicide




divorce & suicide




suicide myths




stigma & suicide




suicide statistics




teen suicide &  youth suicide




bullying & suicide




college student suicide 




school suicide prevention program




elderly suicide




racism & suicide




gay & lesbian suicide




how to help a  suicidal person




 how to talk to  suicidal callers




suicide survivors




wall of angels suicide memorials




suicide hotlines




e-mail support




media guidelines for suicide reporting




suicide books




links




about suicide.org




team suicide.org 




contact suicide.org









 link to suicide.org









suicide.org
 suicide is never the answer,
            getting help is the answer.
          
if you are suicidal, have attempted suicide, 
          or are a suicide survivor,
          you will find help, hope, comfort, 
          understanding,  
          support, love, and extensive resources here.

i love you.
and i will never stop fighting for you, 
kevin caruso
 suicide.org
          founder, executive director, editor-in-chief
          senior writer, forum administrator 



if you or someone you know is in immediate danger 
because of thoughts of suicide 



please call 911 now



if you are not in the u.s., please call your
local emergency number.


there is help for you. stay on the phone with the operator and wait for help to arrive. 
do not hesitate to call.  your life is extremely valuable, and people care about you. 
please reach out for help. never act on your thoughts of suicide. never.



if you are not in immediate danger because of thoughts of suicide, 
but need someone to talk with about your suicidal feelings, 
please do not hesitate to call one of the following  national suicide prevention lines:
1-800-suicide (1-800-784-2433)
1-800-273-talk (1-800-273-8255) 

suicide prevention lines

you may call these suicide prevention numbers from anywhere in the united states, 24 hours a day. 
people are waiting to help you. call a suicide prevention number right now if you need to. and always remember
that it is never okay to act on your thoughts of suicide.  never. again, call a suicide prevention number
now if you need to.

never act on your thoughts of suicide.

extensive suicide prevention hotline numbers, categorized by country or state, 
can be found on the
 suicide prevention hotlines  pages of this web site.
go to the  suicide prevention hotlines index page
now if you need to.

suicide is never the answer.
 getting help is the answer. 



if you do not need to call any of the suicide prevention numbers above, then please read on. . . 


welcome, my friend, you are not alone.  i am very pleased that you are here. and let
me remind you that there is nothing more important than your life. nothing. 


my name is kevin caruso. i am the executive director of suicide.org and i would like to share some important information with you.  the first thing that i want you to know is that virtually every 
person that i have talked with who attempted suicide, and survived, was glad that they lived.  so the 
emotions that were causing the suicidal feelings did pass.  things got better; the sun did come out.  
so, let me extend that hope to you.


if you are in intense emotional and/or physical pain, remember that your judgment is being clouded by that pain. 
if you are considering suicide, you are trying to end that pain.  please do not confuse ending your
pain with ending your life.  the two are very different. 


let me also tell you that if you are suicidal, you probably are suffering from clinical depression, 
bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, postpartum depression, ptsd, or something similar.  and if you have something along these lines, you actually 
have a chemical imbalance in your brain -- and you cannot possibly think straight because of it.  that is beyond 
your control.  you are not weak.  you just need some treatment. this imbalance can occur for several 
reasons, from genetics to a traumatic life experience, and it is extremely common for people to have 
this imbalance, so do not feel like you are alone.  you are not. 

this imbalance may be rectified in several ways, but first you need to be assessed so that the cause may be
understood.  i would request that you please go to a medical doctor.

the doctor can determine if there is a secondary problem (such as a thyroid problem) that is causing the imbalance. 
if so, an appropriate medication may be prescribed to you.  next, you should visit a therapist.  this will allow
another assessment to occur and will also allow you to begin talking about your feelings.  if the therapist 
determines that you need a prescription, he or she may refer you to someone who may assist you in that area. 


please leave the option open for taking medication.  some people erroneously believe that they can simply
use will power to control their suicidal feelings. the problem with this thinking is that, 
again, there is probably a chemical imbalance in the brain.  and that needs to be treated with medicine. so let
me ask you this, my friend.  if you had a broken leg, would you get treatment or would you just keep walking on it,
writhing in pain, and trying to convince yourself that you just needed will power to overcome the pain? 
you would get treatment, and you would do so immediately.  you would not even think twice about it.  
and i would most respectfully submit to you that your situation is similar.  if you are diagnosed with 
clinical depression, or something similar, then there is a physical cause for your condition.  
and you need to seek treatment immediately.  it is not just emotion.  please understand this, my friend.  
the brain, after all, is an organ.  and sometimes needs treatment. 


if you cannot afford to see a doctor or therapist, please seek out some clinics that have reduced rates.
there are many affordable places to go.  you can call 1-800-suicide (1-800-784-2433) 
or 1-800-273-talk (1-800-273-8255) to get listings for clinics in your area.  do not hesitate to call.  you can also check in your phone book.


after your initial assessment, you will need to see a therapist long enough to work through all of the 
issues that are bothering you. do not be in a hurry -- things will get better.  you may feel like you are on an 
emotional roller coaster ride, but those ups and downs will level out.  


my friend, thank you so very much for being here.  it means a lot to me because the mere fact you are here 
indicates that you are reaching out, and that you really do want to live.  so, i want you to do something else that 
is very important. please make a commitment to stay alive.  to not die by suicide, no matter what.  make this 
commitment for all of the people who care for you, and for yourself.  remember that if you try to end your pain 
by ending your life, you will start a world of pain for the loved ones that you leave behind.  and you will 
deprive yourself of many wonderful things that you have yet to experience.


thank you for making that commitment. 


now, my friend, i have told you the things that you should do.  so, please get started.  please make an 
appointment right now to see a doctor and a therapist.  if you can't do it now, do it as soon as possible.
i care about you very much, and i love you very much, so i want you to get better as soon as possible. 


one final thing.  relax.  that's right.  relax.  take some deep breaths and do something that you enjoy
that relaxes you.  take a bath.  go for a walk.  listen to some nice music.  just take it easy. and engage 
in these activities that relax you on a regular basis. and let me tell you, my friend, you are on your way.  
on your way to a better life.  



always remember that there are phone numbers that you can call
24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 
from any location in the united states:




1-800-suicide(1-800-784-2433)
       1-800-273-talk
       (1-800-273-8255)


take care of yourself, and take action now. your life is extremely important. 


and do not forget the commitment that we made together, that you will not end your life --
that you will never, ever, under any circumstances end your life. 


you are awesome!


you are a great person!

and i love you!

take care,

kevin caruso
suicide.org
founder, executive director












free suicide.org newsletter!






enter your email:












suicidal?
need help now?
call 911
or
1-800-suicide
(1-800-784-2433)
or
1-800-273-talk
(1-800-273-8255)
or

text telephone:
1-800-799-4tty
(1-800-799-4889)

military veterans
suicide hotline:
1-800-273-talk
(press 1)

suicide hotline 
in spanish:
1-800-273-talk
(press 2)

lgbt youth
suicide hotline:
1-866-4-u-trevor








suicide hotlines








no suicide contracts








how to help a suicidal person








if your loved one needs hospitalization








suicide survivors support groups








help & comfort for  suicide survivors








wall of angels suicide memorials









 link to suicide.org























suicide.org

suicide.org is a 501c3 non-profit organization and website
 
all content copyright ©  suicide.org. all rights reserved. 
no material or images may be copied from suicide.org without expressed written consent.


disclaimer and terms of use: suicide.org is provided for informational and educational purposes only; is not intended to diagnose or treat suicidal individual; and is not intended to constitute medical advice. while care has been taken in the preparation of the information contained on suicide.org, all information is provided on an "as is" basis without any representation, warranty or condition, whether express or implied, statutory or otherwise, as to: quality; accuracy; completeness; legality; reliability; efficacy; or fitness for any particular purpose. anyone using this information does so at his or her own risk, and by using such information agrees to indemnify suicide.org and its content providers from any and all liability, loss, injury, damages, costs and expenses (including legal fees and expenses) arising from such person's use of the information and resources on this website. anyone who is suicidal should call 911 now and receive help from trained mental heath professionals.
 
 




 





