

tahiti travel packages; moorea, bora bora, tahiti and all her islands; custom vacations and honeymoons packages
 











 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 




 
   







 
click 
          here

 






opalescent turquoise lagoons. thatched roofed bungalows. 
          dazzling emerald volcanic peaks.
          lush misty valleys. white sandy beaches. a scenic masterpiece of nature. 
          islands beyond the ordinary. 
          it's spectacular. it's breathtaking.
          it's tahiti. 

dear 
          traveler:
          welcome to one of the best tahiti travel sites on the internet!
 hi, my name is jeanne kolander and i believe, you will find this site 
          a great place to visit when planning your trip to tahiti. you will be 
          saving time and money and avoiding mistakes. 
          this site includes maps and general information on tahiti such as airfare, 
          hotels, resorts, island cruises, travel packages, climate, geography, 
          entry requirements, currency, clothing, dining, diving, shopping, and 
          much more. you've picked the right place!
over 
          the past 25 years i have personally counseled thousands of people just 
          like you on their tahiti travel plans. my first trip to tahiti was over 
          30 years ago and i've been going back ever since...over 30 times. i 
          will share my knowledge with you throughout this site. 
 






 
what exactly is a travel 
        package? 

a 
            "travel package" or "tour package" is a pre-designed itinerary put 
            together by a travel company that specializes in a specific destination. 
            hands down! this is the best way to see tahiti. you can save 30% 
            or more comparedto 
            making the same arrangements on your own. let me give you an example. 
            if you were to plan your own trip you would call the airline direct 
            and pay for a full fare economy ticket. you would then need to contact 
            each hotel directly in tahiti to make your reservations (not an easy 
            task!). and you would pay "published" room rates, which are a hotel's 
            highest price. then once you arrive you would need to take taxis. 
            and making inter-island air reservations is near impossible. well...you 
            get the picture. arranging all this yourself takes a lot of time and 
            a lot of work! now when i say tour package i am not referring to a 
            group of people being herded along by a group leader. it is not like 
            that. it is all independent travel. it really means everything has 
            been arranged for you in advance making it worry free and really isn't 
            that what a vacation is all about. a package is definitely the 
            way to go!


what 
              airlines do you recommend?

my opinion on this is let your departure date and time determine 
              the carrier you will use.  most people have a set vacation 
              schedule and are not real flexible on their departure and return 
              dates. therefore you go with the airline that operates on the days 
              you want to travel. by the way, you should not mix carriers...meaning 
              go over on one airline and come back on another - it's cost prohibitive. 
              the carriers that depart from the west coast (lax) of the united 
              states are: air france and air tahiti nui. air tahiti nui, the official airline of 
              tahiti, begins your vacation the moment you step aboard. the in-flight 
              service and ambiance is true polynesian.  and speaking again 
              of a package, lower airfare is the biggest reason why 
              you want to go with a package. massive buying power means incredible 
              savings, which is passed on to you.

what 
              islands should i go to? 
in 
              my opinion you can't go wrong here! however, each has its own charm 
              and beauty. each has its own look and feel. each offers its own 
              unique travel experience. but just as travelers are different so 
              are their interests. what islands spark your interest is a very 
              personal choice but i can tell you moorea is the most popular. i 
              think this is due to its proximity and easy access to the main island 
              of tahiti (a 30 minute boat ride or a 10 minute flight). moorea 
              hotels can be a little cheaper too. the second most popular island 
              is famed bora bora with its magnificent lagoons and upscale hotels. 
              but then there are the atolls with their nearly deserted beaches 
              and spectacular underwater scenery. i highly recommend you take 
              a good look at the islands section for detailed information on all 
              the islands of french polynesia. the order you visit the islands 
              is important. you will want to take advantage of air tahiti's special 
              island hopping fares by following a specific routing. air tahiti 
              offers several different air passes which can be just another component 
              to a package that will save you money. by the way, the islands 
              section also profiles the various excursions available on each island 
              - you know, the fun stuff! 


what 
              hotels should i stay at? 

the 
              hotels you select are so important to the overall success of your 
              trip. i can't stress this enough. your hotel is likely to be the 
              center of your activities - you'll want it to be a good one - the 
              right one. hotels in tahiti can range from a large 200-room resort 
              to a small intimate hotel with a few polynesian bungalows. we try 
              to paint a very clear picture of the wide range of hotels so that 
              you can make an informed choice. prepared for you are detailed descriptions 
              of each hotel. i have visited each and every hotel featured on our 
              site. i have either stayed at the hotel or done a thorough inspection. 
              the hotels have been rated based on quality of their facilities 
              and services. you will find our "starfish" hotel rating system - 
              5 starfish being best. i encourage you to take a close look at the
hotel section. hotels are a key element to a travel package. 
              tahiti hotels extend to us highly discounted room rates to tour 
              operators. in selecting a package you benefit from these special 
              prices and as an added feature, room taxes are included. 


how 
              do i get around?
              how do i get from the airport to the hotels and back to the airport? 

there are always taxis and limousines waiting at the airport but 
              this can get pricey. "le truck" is the famous non-rapid transportation 
              system of tahiti. this brightly painted jitney is actually a flatbed 
              truck outfitted with an open- air cabin and wooden seats. it is 
              an entertaining and inexpensive way to get around and see the sights. 
              however, i do not recommend using these to get back and forth to 
              hotels and the airport dragging along all your luggage. when 
              you plan your trip using a tour package we always includes the necessary 
              ground transfers. this means included in the price of your package 
              will be all the transfers necessary for you to get from the airport 
              to the hotel and back to the airport. they also include transfers 
              that are necessary to get you to an excursion, a sightseeing tour 
              or a special lunch or dinner that has been included in the itinerary. 
              this is a definite money-saving benefit not to mention the convenience. 
              your baggage handling is taken care of. you get door-to-door service 
              every step along the way. people tell me "it's wonderful having 
              someone meet us when we get off the plane". 


you 
              work hard to earn your vacation.
              don't work hard to plan it. 
i've 
              done the bargain hunting for you!

now that you know a travel package is the way to go, you want to 
              know where to find thesepackages. 
              i have taken the time to review and critique all the itineraries 
              of the top tahiti wholesale companies. i have extracted the best 
              of the best, featuring only the ones that offer the greatest value. 
              this is a big time-saver for you. you won't need to pour 
              over all the travel brochures with a calculator...i've done it for 
              you. you will find these selected programs categorized in 3 sections 
              on the site: packages, honeymoons and specials. there's a 
              huge selection offering you plenty of choices. no one else has 
              put together anything like this! you will find an extensive 
              variety of island and hotel combinations to fit a wide range of 
              budgets and schedules. so explore, have some fun...dream.
 
              once you have made a selection let our tahiti experts handle your 
              reservations. we are your one source for providing expert 
              knowledge and superior service in planning your tahiti adventure. 
              and, best of all our service is free! honest, it doesn't 
              cost you a cent. a travel agent is paid a commission from the supplier 
              (hotels, airlines, tour operators, etc.) for selling the product. 
              you get all this great information and top notch, quality service 
              at no additional charge to you. you pay only for the selected 
              trip itself. our complete tahiti vacation consulting and reservation 
              service is absolutely free. 
will 
              you customize a package for me?

absolutely! this is our specialty. we know and love tahiti, and 
              we take great pride in making your vacation just what you want it 
              to be. and with a custom designed itinerary you continue to benefit 
              from the same money-saving components that make up any other travel
package...airlines, hotels, meeting service and ground transfers.
 

go 
              to the experts for advice 

many of us will hire a realtor to buy a house, an accountant to 
              do our taxes, a lawyer to represent us in court yet, we will spend 
              $2,000, $5000 even $10,000 on a trip without researching the person 
              who is going to book it for us. it doesn't make sense to seek expert 
              advise from a general travel agent who maybe books 1 or 2 trips 
              to tahiti a year and who quite possibly has never even been to tahiti. 
              doesn't it make more sense to work with a travel agent that is a 
              specialist in your destination? let me tell you a little bit about 
              myself. i began my travel career some 25 years ago. i founded the 
              retail travel agency, etravelbound not only to introduce travelers 
              to the beauty, culture and romance of tahiti but to also get you 
              the best value for your money. get the expert's advice! all travel agents with etravelbound
              have been awarded by the tahiti tourism office the "tahiti tiare 
              certificate" in recognition for having achieved expert status 
              on tahiti and her islands. tahiti has always attracted a different 
              kind of traveler...the artist, the adventurer, the writer, the poet... 
              our experience makes us different. and remember, the south 
              pacific is all we do.
 

a 
              secret the pros don't want you to know 

etravelbound is able to offer you the best travel packages as we 
              work in concert with many tahiti tour companies. however we are 
              not affiliated with them. we have no alliances. we will give you 
              advice as to which company offers the best value for your particular 
              itinerary but the ultimate choice is yours. the reason i mention 
              this is, many travel agencies will try to "steer" you to use their 
              "preferred travel provider". many times this has the agencies best 
              interest in mind, not yours! why? the agency has made an 
              arrangement with the provider to get paid higher commissions if 
              they use the provider company exclusively. we have no such agreements. 
              having said that, we invite you to compare our prices. 
 

we 
              would like to talk to you 

we know for many people a trip to tahiti is a major investment. 
              for many it's the trip of a lifetime. i have only touched on some 
              of the many aspects of tahiti travel. there is so much more. you 
              need this kind of straight up information. so take some time to 
              wonder around our site. if you truly want to put money back into 
              your pocket, then the information and service i'm offering to you 
              is absolutely essential. the world is changing rapidly. so is the 
              way people are making their travel plans. making a reservation to 
              tahiti is not a matter of simply booking an airline reservation. 
              you need to book an experience. we would like to talk to you. we 
              would like to know your interests, your needs and your expectations. 
              contact us today and we'll begin creating the tahiti adventure of 
              your dreams. 



 
etravelbound 
info@etravelbound.com
               fax 928-788-2341 
request a quote 
                on-line for a customized itinerary using the form

  "design 
    my own vacation"
 


you 
                  work hard for your vacation...so you deserve the best. i look 
                  forward to hearing from you. 
sincerely, 
                  
 
                  jeanne 
                  kolander - your personal tahiti travel consultant 
                  etravelbound

 
                  p.s. keep in mind, what makes the appeal and uniqueness of tahiti 
                  are the small hotels and not a lot of airlines bringing in hoards 
                  of tourists. the downside to this is they fill up and sell out 
                  very early on. to insure you get your first choice book soon. 
                  if you don't, you run the risk of settling for your 2nd or 3rd 
                  choice on hotels, dates and airlines. people often ask: how 
                  early should i make my reservation? once you have made a decision, 
                  make your reservations straight away.

registered 
                  california seller of travel
                  cst #2050390-40
                  copyright 1999
                  all rights reserved
articles 
                  | site map 




 




