






welcome to wade's mill | stone-ground grains since 1750
























































product was added to your cartcartmenuhome
about

history
the miller
find our products


shop
visit

milling around
mill shop
stay with us
events
group tours
explore the area


news & reviews

latest news
reviews


events
our customers








 





visit historicwade's mill 







stone-ground millingthe traditional way 







enjoy whole grain productsfrom premium grains 







genuine stone-groundgoodness in every bag 

shop now 







start your own traditiontoday with wade's mill 

shop now 









 







welcome to wade’s mill

stone-ground grains since 1750





founded in the beautiful shenandoah valley in 1750, wade’s mill is virginia’s oldest continuously operating commercial grist mill.
after 270+ years, we still work in the traditional way, with one miller stone-grinding premium local and regional grains fresh to order.





our whole grain products are 100% natural, free from additives and preservatives.  just genuine, stone-ground goodness in every bag.
start your own tradition today of using fresh stone-ground grains from wade’s mill.  you’ll taste the difference with every bite.






recent posts


2024-25 winter closurethe mill, shop and grounds are closed for the winter, reopening on saturday, april 5.  we still mill all winter long and customers with a virginia billing address can request “free local pickup at the mill” when shopping online. thank yo...read more


our products


enjoy wade’s mill 100% natural stone-ground grains for breakfast, lunch, dinner and dessert.
our products are available from our online shop or at the mill shop during opening hours.
you’ll also find our stone-ground grains at selected restaurants, hotels, resorts, bakers, caterers, specialty grocers and gift shops throughout virginia and the washington metropolitan area.
we invite you to experience the tradition of wade’s mill genuine stone-ground grains today.


shop now 



start your own tradition today with wade’s mill

learn more








visit usmilling around
mill shop
events
group tours
stay with us
explore the area
our companyhistory
the miller
find our products
privacy policy
terms & conditions
contact us wade’s mill
55 kennedy wade’s mill loop
raphine, va 24472
info@wadesmill.com
(540) 348-1400

emailfacebookinstagramjoin our newsletter 



join our newsletter to stay up to date on what’s happening at the mill and in the surrounding area.

email

phonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  








δ






© copyright 2017 wade’s mill, all rights reserved.
web design by appnet.com | sitemap





menu




 





































