










home - home builder association of fort wayne




















































 
 

















skip to content
























network night photos









click here for online version of our 2024 printed directory














member directorymember login





















read our connections magazine










facebook





linked in 





youtube





instagram
























 
about about the hba leadership committees education community contact usevents calendar photo galleryscholarships hba fw scholarship iba scholarships national housing endowmentnewsbuild builder standards remodel member directorymembership become a member search members member login membership benefitsjoin now








 















 
about the hbathe home builders association of fort wayne, inc. is a federally approved not-for-profit trade organization.
we are associated with the national association of home builders and the indiana builders association. our jurisdiction includes the following counties in indiana: adams; allen; dekalb; huntington; wells; and whitley.


about us


 


 
our memberseach year, the hba membership collectively adds more than 1,400 new homes to the areas economic base. however, the hba's community involvement extends much further.
our members are committed to various ongoing and completed projects that help improve the community in which we live, work and play.


join today


 









home starts here






supporting the northeast indiana residential home building industry and professional success for our members.



























thank you to our sponsors
















                                wane pipe & supply inc.                            














                                carter lumber                            














                                rabb water                            














                                partners 1st                            














                                the dehayes group                            














                                first federal                            














                                meridian title                            














                                central supply                            














                                profed                            














                                3 rivers                            














                                metropolitan title                            






next
previous

























build 
​our members use the indiana quality assurance builder standards to establish clear expectations for each project.
read more 


















remodel 
​sooner or later you may join the millions of people who remodel their homes each year. we offer tips on choosing the right company for your project.
read more 


















develop 
​new housing built by our members is furthering fort wayne's advancement and continued economic growth.
read more 

















membership benefits 
join the hba of fort wayne, inc. and lend your expertise to one of our many committees helping promote standards of excellence throughout our membership.
read more 



















see whats happening





events












 












© 2025 home builder association of fort wayne
 | 
site by growthzone












get in touch!













(260) 420-2020











map and address




305 w. main streetfort wayne, in 46802 










contact




contact us 










additional resources






member directory
become a member
member login









stay connected









facebook





linked in 





youtube





instagram



















 © 2025 home builder association of fort wayne.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 


















