









 


brantford ontario rv dealer dealers brantford on rv sales rv for....





























 l f i g     






 sales@adventurervctr.com 
 parts@adventurervctr.com 
 service@adventurervctr.com 
 warranty@adventurervctr.com 
 text us now from your mobile device 
 









          call us for free estimate
      
 888-321-6661 

 business hours


mon-fri: 09:00am - 4:00pm 

sat:  9:00am-1:00pm 

sun:  closed 

  

              hi! my name is marley, and i can’t wait to greet you on your next visit !!
            







					menu
				


home


find your rv


inventory search


value your trade




parts


parts


inventory search




service


training modules


power


plumbing


appliances


tv/stereo


water heater


general inside stuff






news


storage


financing


financing


value your trade




reviews







  tent trailers   travel trailers   hybrids   fifth wheels   park models   toy haulers  















  





welcome to adventure rv


at adventure rv centre we are proud of the fact that we have provided numerous families and couples with quality trailers, parts and service for upwards of 20 years. there is nothing more important in this technological age than spending quality time with family and friends away from the tethers of everyday life. with a plentiful and varied selection of product we know we will have the perfect trailer for most everyone that walks through our doors. 
learn more
family owned and operated, adventure rv centre continually goes above and beyond what other dealers provide and strides to provide the ultimate experience. peter and his non commissioned sales staff believe in total honesty and education during the purchase process. you will not be pressured.

	adventure rv centre has over 7 acres  of property and feature a full line of travel trailers, fifth wheels and park models  from quality manufactures such as rockwood and puma plus luxury phoenix fifth wheels and wolf pack toy haulers. we also feature a great selection  of pre-owned models from which to choose.

	all rv’s require service from time to time. adventure rv centre pride ourselves on having licenced, trained rv techs and service writers to get the job done right and on a timely basis.  we truly try to make the experience as hassle free and enjoyable with as little impact to your vacation time as possible.

	boasting a huge parts and accessory store, adventure rv centre has all the latest repair parts and neat items to accessorize your trailer. knowledgeable staff are on hand to answer questions and provide tips unlike the big box stores.

	  overall, adventure rv centre is truly where you want to start " your next great adventure”. stop by or reach out to us via email, telephone or texting. we hope to see you soon!
less
 










featured inventory









								2022 palamino puma
							

								model: 26fkds
							


							$42,995
						
view details









								2022 palamino puma 
							

								model: 25bhfq
							


							$41,995
						
view details









								2023 grand surveyor
							

								model: 253rls
							


							$53,995
						
view details









								2023 surveyor legend 
							

								model: 296qble
							


							$51,995
						
view details





view all featured inventories









with every brand new trailer purchase you will receive ...

full propane tank/s,
a new 12v battery,
spare tire cover and a $75 store coupon!
also included is a full training demonstration of the unit normally lasting 1.5 hours or more!

you will never be charged for freight or pdi



brands we carry
     





locate us






business hours
 
 monday-friday: 9:00am-4:00pm

 saturday: 9:00am-1:00pm 

 sunday: our staff need some family time.
  




quick links


home


find your rv


parts


service


news


storage


financing


reviews






categories

 tent trailers 
 hybrids 
 travel trailers 
 fifth wheels 
 park models 
 toy haulers 



news letter sign-up
        subscribe to our newsletter to get the latest updates right to your inbox.
      















888-321-6661 519 443 0291 





							text us now from your mobile device


partnerships 










						copyright © 2025 all rights reserved adventure rv centre
					

 l f i g  



						designed and developed by lifeline design



















additionally, paste this code immediately after the opening  tag:





