
 birth defect research for children | pdd autism         

 

   bdrc








 birth defect research for children because every birth defect has a cause


search for:


search
national birth defect registry closeabout the registry
participate in the registry
why join the registry
how the registry was developed
video & reports
registry faq
list of birth defects
how the registry is supportedregistry reports
maternal exposures report 2024
registry report 2024research
gastroschisis
autistic spectrum disorders
alaska community action on toxics
joplin, missouri
dickson, tennesee
gulf war birth defects
agent orange
bendectin
children of vietnam veteransvideo
the national birth defect registry is a comprehensive data collection project designed to help answer parents’ question “why my child”?parent services closeservices
parent matching
private parent forum
newsletter signupfact sheetssee our list of fact sheets covering the major categories of birth defects as well as “how to” guides for parents whose children have birth defects. each fact sheet discusses how rare or common the birth defect is, causes of the birth defect, diagnosis, treatment and care.
birth defect fact sheetssupport groupsorganized alphabetically
by birth defect:
a-f
g-n
o-xvideo
watch this video for a tour of the services that we offer to parents.healthy baby resource closebirth defect prevention categories
genetics
prenatal care
home and garden
recreation
maternal illness
work
nutrition
your community
personal care
more researchvideo
expecting parents can watch this video for an introduction to the healthy baby resource which provides tips to help reduce the risk of birth defects.research closecommunity resource center
services for communities with concerns about birth defects and developmental disabilitiescommunity resource centerenvironmental research
fact sheets and reports  providing details on the uses, health effects and risk of exposure to various environmental toxins
environmental fact sheetsveterans research
research on birth defects and other disabilities in the children of veterans who have been exposed to toxins during military service.
veterans researchvideos
community resources video


veterans research videoabout us closeabout usbirth defect research for children, inc. (bdrc) is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization that provides parents and expectant parents with information about birth defects and support services for their children.
about us
reviewsfinance and accountability
2023-2024 annual report publication
our irs 990video
overview about how birth defect research began and how we help
parents answer the question “why my child?”donate now closemake a donationdonate nownational birth defect registry
join now



what is the birth defect registry 



the registry collects comprehensive information to find answers to parents’ question  “why my child” has birth defects or other childhood disabilities.
read more  
why join the registry? 



by discovering the cause(s) of the 80% of non-genetic birth defects, future birth defects can be prevented and even the treatment of a specific disorder may be improved.
read more  
participate in the registry 


yes i want to participate!

go to the registry
projects from the registry 



the national birth defect registry data has been used to evaluate several national birth defect issues.
read more  
how the registry is supported 



birth defect research for children can continue the important work of the national birth defect registry because of a generous endowment from dorothy casey miller in honor of her husband, major general hugh casey.
read more  
birth defect fact sheets 



learn more about your child’s condition, including details on diagnosis, treatment, and care.
read more  birth defect newsenter your email address to
sign up for our monthly news.





join us facebook
birth defect research for children, inc.
976 lake baldwin lane, suite 104
orlando fl 32814
407-895-0802 | staff@birthdefects.org








      support birth defect research for children (#10374) today in the cfc database. 
birth defect research for children is a 501 (c) (3) non-profit organization. our federal id number is 59-219-3816.
©  birth defect research for children | privacy policy

this site is protected by recaptcha and the google
privacy policy and
terms of service apply.
                          