


home - different strokes swim team





























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








join dsst today
questions? email membership@dsst.org
member loginmenu join us calendar documents team merch donations contact us






keyboard_arrow_leftkeyboard_arrow_right••••welcome
 
swimmin' san diego since 1985
 
different strokes swim team is san diego's uniquely supportive and welcoming organization benefiting the lgbtqia+ community to foster fun, well-being, and health through sport, competition, and social events as a member club of us masters swimming. dsst promotes swimming as a form of exercise and lifelong friendships regardless of age (18+), gender, race, sexual orientation, gender identity, or ability. outreach and support to lgbtqia+ communities continues to be an essential element of our mission. 


accordion widget
why join?

why join? 









 

















accordion widget
swim

swim 







we offer six coached practices per week throughout the year and ocean swimming in the summer months. train for fitness, fun, or an upcoming event. while not a requirement, our members love to compete locally and nationally through us masters swimming (usms). we also compete internationally through international gay and lesbian aquatics (igla).












accordion widget
socialize

socialize 






our members can't get enough of each other! aside from the pool, you'll find us grabbing a bite to eat after practice, hanging out together around hillcrest, or attending one of dsst's many social events. see our instagram and facebook pages for highlights.










accordion widget
support

support 






while all are welcome to join, outreach and support to lgbtqia+ communities continues to be an essential element of our mission. regardless of how you identify, we think you will find a uniquely supportive and affirming community that feels like family. some of the ways we support the local community are by participating in san diego pride and hosting our annual bart hopple memorial fundraiser.








upcoming eventsupcoming practices upcoming eventsupcoming social eventsslideshow!main page photo splash





share this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twitter 



home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









