






homeopathy software online | homeopathic repertory | radaropus






















































products

radaropus

content
engine types
patient management
version history
minimum requirements


synthesis app
synthesis

about synthesis
features
version history
extras


clificol (research)


buy/rent
demo
video
blog
support

helpdesk
download
support staff
contact a dealer
version history












   










homeopathy
naturopathy


why radaropus?  
free demo  
buy or rent










why radaropus?





welcome to radaropus, the worldwide expert in homeopathic software innovations. join us on a journey to unlock your full potential as a homeopath with our state-of-the-art toolkit, designed to elevate every facet of your clinical practice.
the only software with

click any of the icons below to find out how radaropus can potentise your practice.
content • repertories • materia medica • modules • library • collaborators • manual


fast interface on windows & macmore than 80 repertoriesmore than 1.600 materia medica & documentssynthesis repertory(only in radaropus!)more than 10 modules from key authorsveterinary optionssynthesis appfully fledged privacy settingstranslations in 14 languagesclificol - case collectionhelp - support - learningprices starting at €4 per month



one interface for everything






 
 

radaropus is a complete software package tailored for the professional homeopath, boasting a contemporary appearance and a sleek, user-friendly interface that grants you swift access to all your essential tools in a thriving practice!read more 






largest homeopathic library






 
 

radaropus software boasts the world's most extensive homeopathic library, conveniently at your fingertips. with just a click, you have instant access to an expansive repository of repertories, keynotes, provings, materia medica, journals, and clinical cases.read more 






synthesis - precise - flexible






 
 

radaropus is the only software using synthesis - trusted by countless homeopaths worldwide since 1987. it is widely appreciated and respected thanks to its integrative and precise approach.read more 






diverse analysis modules






 
 

add an extra dimension to your case-work with our modular approach to the program. individualise your approach to the case according to each patient.read more 






updated veterinary edition






 
 

synthesis adonis features a new wave of veterinary additions from the team of marc bär. navigate to the veterinary symptoms easily through the concepts directory which links you to straight to the desired location!read more 






synthesis app - repertorise on the go






 
 

shrink synthesis into a pocket-sized companion, always to hand when you need it! our app is based on the full synthesis treasure edition, published by dr. frederik schroyens. read more 






professional privacy settings






 
 

fully fledged support for the privacy of your patient's confidential informationread more 






multilingual content






 
 

radaropus is multilingual and available in 14 languages! synthesis has 9 different languages which can be viewed side-by-side; the perfect teaching tool for worldwide webinars.read more 






clificol - case collection






 
 

clificol - establish your own homeopathic research simultaneously with other research groups anywhere in the world according to your own protocols.read more 






help - support - learning






 
 

unparalleled support - we have a dedicated team of professionals who will connect remotely to your mac/pc in order to help resolve any technical problems.read more 






packages and prices






 
 

view the packages and rental prices for radaropus. it couldn't be easier - simply select the perfect package for your needs. whether you’re a beginner or experienced homeopath, we have the right software solution for you!read more 




one interface for everything



radaropus is a complete software package tailored for the professional homeopath, boasting a contemporary appearance and a sleek, user-friendly interface that grants you swift access to all your essential tools in a thriving practice!

quick links - repertories • materia medica • modules • library

we have modernised the look and feel of our homeopathic software to make it easy to use without sacrificing on depth of functionality. all the most important functions are accessible from icons, menus and key commands, so even the beginner can quickly get to grips with the program. radaropus has a familiar ‘tabbed layout’ (like all internet browsers), so navigation around the program is so simple, leaving you to focus on the all-important task of solving the case in front of you.

be inspired to unite the science and art of homeopathy with radaropus! register with us to explore your purchase options.

in your search for the simillimum, you can move seamlessly between the patient file, repertory, materia medica and search tool as you analyse your case. the program is intuitive, clearly laid out and easy to learn with access to specialist representatives all over the world. our product range goes from entry-level (perfect for students) through to the most advanced solutions (ideal for advanced practitioners and medical homeopaths). 

discover - radaropus homeopathic software - everything you need is truly in one interface!

we take pride in our creative suite of tools for both modern & classical approaches to homeopathy and would like to highlight our software’s unique qualities:

the only software using synthesis repertory
vast digital library of all things homeopathy
professional case analysis module
fully-fledged practice management tool
powerful & versatile search tool
analyse directly from any materia medica source
unique graphic analysis of any search
diverse expert systems, modules & maps
filter cases by miasm, taxonomical family, related remedies
regular updates - free content for continuous learning
unparalleled technical support
flexible payment options for a lifetime license
mac / windows compatibility (64 bit technology)
integration with mobile devices through the synthesis app
easy navigation with tabbed layout, bookmarks, back, forward & history buttons









try the full program for free - get our demo today!register here to buy/rent!







largest homeopathic library



radaropus software boasts the world's most extensive homeopathic library, conveniently at your fingertips. with just a click, you have instant access to an expansive repository of repertories, keynotes, provings, materia medica, journals, and clinical cases.
radaropus contains:

more than 1.600 materia medica and documents*(including works from master, vermeulen, van woensel, scholten, julian, joshi, araujo, some of the best homeopathic journals of the past century, themes and more!


• click here to see the contents of the largest royalty-free library available• click here to compare packages and see which repertories and materia medica are included


more than 80 repertories*(including our unique synthesis repertory by dr. f. schroyens, as well as other great repertories by sherr, boenninghausen, dimitriadis, murphy, pennekamp, rathmer, pitcairn, bianchi and more!)
more than 190 provings (more are being added all the time!) - it is not only the repertory that needs to be updated! many provings are given for free.

as far as we know this brings you the largest library in the world of homeopathic works in a software! based on all available data in all languages
be inspired to research the old and new
in radaropus, you can:

easily and quickly combine several sources for your own articles or assignments.
copy and paste rubrics and materia medica.
take screenshots of your analysis to share with teachers and colleagues.
send your case to a teacher / colleague for supervision / teaching.

to make the most of our amazing library, you need a powerful & versatile search tool
radaropus boasts a simple yet powerful search tool to investigate your entire library in seconds. that means you can browse results from all repertories and materia medica simultaneously! any source of information can be transformed into a custom rubric in your analysis or viewed with our totally unique graphic analysis module. so, whether you find that all-important characteristic symptom in synthesis, phatak’s repertory, a journal, case or proving, you can always utilize that information in the most practical way – helping you to solve your case with the minimum fuss!
our search tool is incredibly versatile.
you can:

comb your library for combinations of keywords within a sentence, paragraph or set number of words. this could be in a rubric or in keynotes, provings, materia medica or a published case. you can then extract your findings graphically or create your own custom rubrics direct from the source material.
open several search tabs at once and create a bar-graph analysis. a radical new way to repertorise using your entire library of books. watch video tutorial here.
turn any symptom in the materia medica into a rubric! search results from all documents can be instantly combined to a custom rubric to augment the traditional repertory results. watch video tutorial here.
extract all the rubrics for any remedy. choose to see the italic, bold or underlined rubrics. find the single-remedy rubrics (srp). find the rubrics where the remedy is not outranked by any other… + more!watch video tutorial here.
compare any number of remedies side by side. e.g. search for your leading 5 remedies in the modalities chapter of boger’s repertory to compare how they match your case.watch video tutorial here.
specify a word-wrap to locate precision symptoms. e.g. search for (pain back stooping amel) within a string of 6 words. watch video tutorial here.
search for a family. locate the common rubrics of a particular family. watch video tutorial here.
create your own document mix. choose your favourite repertories and materia medica to search in. e.g, want to search only in pure materia medica? select hering, allen and hahnemann. want to see the genius approach? select boger, phatak and vermeulen. watch video tutorial here.
search by chapters, cases, pathologies or type of book provings, journals, keynotes, materia medica and more...
create a search area based on the chapters and rubrics most frequently used for certain types of case. e.g, when you are researching possible remedies in a differential diagnosis, research each remedy candidate through your custom search area for a targeted appraisal of the remedy’s suitability.

+ more! visit the academy section.








try the full program for free - get our demo today!register here to buy/rent!







diverse analysis modules



add an extra dimension to your case-work with our modular approach to the program. individualize your approach to the case according to each patient.

in a miasmatic case, use the ortega miasmatic modules.

watch video tutorial here + view more info here




in a case with many modalities, use heiner frei’s polarity analysis module.

watch video tutorial here + view more info here




for a kingdoms & families approach, use vervarcke’s family finder module.

watch video tutorial here + view more info here




in musculoskeletal cases, employ degroote’s energetic remedy picture.

watch video tutorial here + view more info here




in a case with prominent themes, use jeremy sherr’s q rep.

watch video tutorial here + view more info here




in plant cases, use michal yakir’s botanical repertory

view more info here




in mineral cases, use jan scholten’s periodic table map & materia medica.









try the full program for free - get our demo today!register here to buy/rent!







professional privacy settings



gdpr & hipaa are 2 privacy regulations enforced in europe and usa.if you are a professional and record any type of information from your patient (even a name, or the name of a dog if you are a vet) you need to follow these rules in order to correctly protect and safe-keep your patient’s data.

if you do not comply there may be fines and/or legal repercussions.
as a software company we have implemented security measures (like password protection and backup encryption) to help you comply.
the responsibility of compliance is strictly in the hands of the professional, however our privacy protection modules help you immensely!
and as far as we know, we are the only homeopathic software in the world to have properly implemented this.

note: these modules are not only useful if you live in europe or usa. as these 2 territories require some of the strictest regulations in the world, our modules help you regardless of where you live!
you can read more on our implementations by clicking here to view the list of actions we have taken to help you comply with gdpr and hipaa.
we have also created a video to watch which explains the steps we have taken.








try the full program for free - get our demo today!register here to buy/rent!







synthesis app - repertorise on the go



 
synthesis is respected worldwide and is known to be a highly qualitative and reliable repertory.containing over 2,500 pages, a full remedy list, and advanced search options – the synthesis app is the best homeopathic repertory app available today! 

read all about the synthesis app on this page
check out our latest version 2.1 of the app at this page



testimonials






"synthesis is hands-down the best modern repertory in homeopathy. this app gets its first 2 stars simply because of the quality of the repertory itself. a little more work could get this app another star."



hartmatthews





 




"synthesis repertory is a contender for the world's top repertory; having it at your fingertips on your iphone app is historic. as a high-end, professional tool in a niche market, it's priced appropriately. it is easy to use.if you want truly pocket-sized, on-the-go reportization and don't want to be weighed down by a tablet, run, don't walk to get synthesis english for your iphone/smartphone. it's the only game in town."



sir_tom













try the full program for free - get our demo today!register here to buy/rent!







synthesis - precise - flexible



radaropus is the only software using synthesis!

synthesis is the only repertory allowing you to include explicit source information when making additions!

not only precise bibliographical references, but also the actual text on which your synthesis addition has been based. this is a most important tool to guarantee the quality of the additions by creating transparency and linking synthesis and any materia medica in two directions.


the focus in synthesis is to strike a balance between the classical and modern for the utmost quality and reproducibility in homeopathy.

edited by frederik schroyens, a renowned homeopath and medical doctor. he is an experienced and busy homeopathic doctor alongside his role in creating and editing synthesis.


the tried and trusted repertory used by thousands of professional homeopaths. 

synthesis represents close collaboration throughout the profession; experienced homeopaths have contributed to the project by including their own valued clinical findings. the synthesis team then draws together these reliable additions and combines them with high quality provings that have been overseen by experienced homeopaths. within synthesis, there is also the facility to limit the repertory to a “view”; which filters out additions of modern remedies for those who wish to stay rooted in classical provings.


some authors whose clinical additions feature in synthesis are:

f. master, r. morrison, dr ramakrishnan, p. schmidt, a. saine, f. degroote, o. julian.


some modern provings that have been added are those by:

j. sherr, m. norland, n. herrick, t. rowe, l. klein, r. sankaran, p. fraser, j. shore, l. schulz, a. schadde, p. tumminello, a. gray, m. thakar, eberle & ritzer, ccrh, j. huenecke.


race around the repertory with our extensive network of cross references! 

navigating synthesis becomes easier even for newcomers, highlighting new rubrics for you to discover.


the only bi-lingual/ multilingual repertory.

the only repertory to display several languages at once- amazing for international teaching! available in english, dutch, french, german, spanish, italian, portuguese, turkish.


synthesis includes many associated concept files which are designed to help you find rubrics.

this is a great help for novices to the repertory who are yet to master the victorian language employed! these concept files provide an alternative route into finding rubrics. you can search for a medical term or modern expression and find a link to the rubrics that cover the symptoms. synthesis contains clinical and modern terms as these can be very helpful to modern homeopaths.


you can quickly add remedies, new symptoms and more to synthesis. 

synthesis is the only repertory allowing you to include explicit source information when making additions! not only precise bibliographical references, but also the actual text on which your synthesis addition has been based. this is a most important tool to guarantee the quality of the additions by creating transparency and linking synthesis and any materia medica in two directions. these additions can be shared between users, so that the homeopathic community can collaborate on updating the repertory.


synthesis contains miasmatic tags within the repertory.

these are based on the teachings of dr ortega and/ or giampetro. many rubrics are categorised into the 3 fundamental miasms, which means that your repertorisation itself can provide insights into the miasmatic phase of your patient’s symptomatology!


synthesis allows you to add families to the repertory.

modern developments in homeopathy have focused on groups or families of remedies and their shared characteristics. this has opened up many smaller remedies that may have been missed in the past. lachesis has been prescribed countless times where perhaps other snake remedies may have been better suited, despite being under-represented in the repertory. now you can add families to rubrics based on your understanding of kingdoms and families. the freedom to add any family to synthesis makes it a truly unique repertory.



synthesis stands for: quality • precision • flexibility • reproducibility • integration • collaboration








try the full program for free - get our demo today!register here to buy/rent!







clificol - case collection



clificol

uploading cases

a free website interface developed so that cases can be submitted without using winchip radaropus
winchip opus software: the users have a one button function to upload cases and search cases


securityclinical cases are encrypted and transmitted anonymously from the homeopaths consulting room to the central database via the https-protocol
researching casesyou can do a simple search for cases of a certain remedy or pathology
free of chargeyou can upload and search cases free of charge

designed to work with our fully-fledged practice management tool
from entering case notes and tagging symptoms to invoicing and auditing patients, we’ve got you covered. our patient file boasts a comprehensive feature set, now including full gdpr & hipaa compliancy down to the fine print! the patient file comes packed full of useful tools:

store all patient data safely, securely and privately.
grade & tag symptoms according to your own understanding of the case. you can even edit and add your own tags then filter the case to show only certain expressions or only bold type symptoms.
save prescriptions, pathologies, potency and posology so you always know where you are in the case.
save details of any allopathic prescriptions, vaccinations, hospitalizations and more.
evaluate the remedy response according to the glasgow scale.
search all your patient files by symptoms, address, age, and more.
attach files such as jpg, video, pdf and word.
audit your patients with a graphical representation for statistical analyses.
invoice patients and send emails directly from the program.
congress mode hides patient’s names so you can present cases securely.









try the full program for free - get our demo today!register here to buy/rent!







multilingual content




documents in 12 languages:
english, deutsch, español, français, italiano, pinyin, português, nederlands, romaneste, türkçe, rusça, bulgarca
integrated translation tools
multilingual documents (e.g. synthesis adonis, sherr q rep, norland thematic repertory)
the radaropus system & menu commands are translated into 14 languages (english, deutsch, bulgarca, español, français, italiano, pinyin, nihongo, nederlands, português, romaneste, pусский, türkçe, polski). there is no additional cost to use the program in a different language!
note - adding a separate language to a repertory is a payable item.

new documents are also regularly released in various languages, including english and german.for the latest releases please click here.








try the full program for free - get our demo today!register here to buy/rent!







help - support - learning



unparalleled support - continued training and learning opportunities

read the online manual here

we pride ourselves in having probably the best tech support in the industry.

we have a dedicated team of professionals who will connect remotely to your mac/pc in order to fix any issues you may have. we are super-proud of our support team, who take the utmost care when helping resolve any problems you may experience along the way.

the team is spread worldwide to cover as many time zones as possible...
and you will be talking to real people with real names!
for more info on our team and terms of use please click here


help is also readily available via the in-built manual and hundreds of youtube tutorials. (link)
there is an extensive network of representatives worldwide to help support you in your learning of the program. many of these organise training days, webinars and post video tutorials.

continued learning

we regularly organise webinars with leading homeopaths to inspire and nurture your love of homeopathy. many of these are free and uploaded to our academy afterwards!
we have an informative blog where you can learn about

repertories
conditions
materia medica
tutorials for learning radaropus

and more




we support our community by regularly sending:

'freenotes' on interesting homeopathic topics
new clinical additions to synthesis
new proving additions to synthesis
new provings as materia medica documents
case-solving competitions

these are accessed in our content updater





contribute and collaborate

send us your logfiles to be incorporated into our next update to synthesis. we can achieve more by working together.
join our facebook community to connect with us on social media!
signup to our mailing list to receive up-to-date news on developments in our software and homeopathy in general.









try the full program for free - get our demo today!register here to buy/rent!







updated veterinary edition



the ‘iavh’ international association of veterinary homeopaths
quality control and setting of rules by the ‘iavh filtering committee’, consisting of marc bär, liesbeth ellinger, bernhard hornig and peter knafl. general coordination by marc bär and bernhard hornig, in close collaboration with the synthesis team of frederik schroyens.

veterinarians make use of the repertory for a long time already, and they do have good results in the search for a simile. it’s just a question of how to use the book.

marc bär








try the full program for free - get our demo today!register here to buy/rent!







packages and prices



here is our quick help guide to making your choice. choose package:

if you’re at the beginning of your homeopathic studies
if you’re a 1st year student with basic repertory assignments
if you’re a 2nd year student and want to repertorise your cases
if you're a 4th year student / graduate and need professional tools(you may also wish to buy add-ons)
if you are a teacher, doctor, researcher or professional requiring the full experience of our program(you may also wish to buy add-ons)

for more details, click here








try the full program for free - get our demo today!register here to buy/rent!







get started

 

 all features

 radaropus videos

 buy radaropus



×


gdpr and hipaa modules implemented in radaropus from version 2.2 

the link below has been copied to your clipboard!
paste the link anywhere to send visitors directly to this modal!





item
gdpr
hippa
notes




gdpr/hipaa compliant data structure


patient data is stored in a database and not in single text files
required
required
data is more secure when stored in a database (in binary code)


patient data but also the analysis (repertory symptoms) are encrypted
required
required
any analysis, even a single analysis in xml-format is encrypted


personal administrative data is separate from clinical data
required
required
data identifying the patient is stored in a separate database table


encryption of all media files (pdf, video, images, sounds, etc.) 
required
required
all media saved in radaropus are encrypted to protect privacy of the patient. they can only be retrieved after opening radaropus.


gdpr/hipaa compliant traceability


data traceability
required
required
every time the homeopath creates data in radaropus, the time and date is automatically recorded in the database.


gdpr/hipaa compliant discriminatory data


saving discriminatory data is not allowed
required
required
radaropus does not allow to save discriminatory data (e.g.: race and religion)


gdpr/hipaa compliant password policy


password protected access to all data
required
required
all patient data entered with radaropus can only be accessed after logging in with your passwordcan be disabled in radaropus 3.3 and later


new password each 3 months
required
required
new password can be set by the user 24/7.can be disabled in radaropus 3.3 and later


strong password is compulsory
required
required
password must be at least 8 characters, alphanumeric and contain special characterscan be disabled in radaropus 3.3 and later


password is required after 3 hours of software inactivity
advised
advised
automatic setting in radaropuscan be disabled in radaropus 3.3 and later


gdpr/hipaa data handling requests


print the patient file
required
required
at the request of the patient, radaropus allows to print all patient data (administrative data, consultation texts, prescriptions, evaluations, medical tests, etc). this print function does not include personal notes of the homeopath, which can be printed separately.


delete a patient file
advised
advised
the option to delete all information of a patient is available in countries where this is required.


gdpr/hipaa compliant backup


backup utility
required
required
backup suggests to use an external hard drive.


encrypted backup
required
required
backup is always automatically encrypted.



useful additional information for professionals storing sensitive health data (applicable to radaropus and other programs)

use a password to protect your pc/mac and change it every 3 months.
the pc/mac must be protected by antivirus and antimalware.
encrypt your data whenever possible (e.g. save back-ups and then encrypt the file or password protect it).
never keep all back-ups in the same place. have a copy of your back-up in a separate safe place in case of fire, theft or natural calamities (a password protected hard drive in a locked cabinet) or use a gdpr/hipaa compliant cloud.
run through a report of how to handle data that is lost or stolen and keep a written record of it.
ensure you know how to successfully delete data of a patient if required (but check whether the request of the patient complies with national laws regarding the time during which you need to keep patient records).
ensure you have written consent from each patient to record and keep their personal data.
if you use patient data for research purposes, ensure your patient has given you written permission to use it.
if data is lost or violated in any way, immediately contact local authorities.

useful links
gdpr regulations
hipaa regulations
×









get support

helpdesk
support staff
worldwide support

worldwide support
we are happy to provide support to all our registered users, so please have your connector number at hand.
the quickest way to get a reply to your question may well be to contact your national representative as he/she lives in your country and may be aware more than anyone of your needs.
if your local representative doesn't provide support, please open a new support ticket.
×

contact a dealer
subscribe to our newsletter


radaropus blog


radaropus 3.3 + create and analyse bundle
sep 14, 2023

 - category: 
   
     
          
          
          
     homeopathic software
radaropus


homeopathic themes of the snake family
jun 21, 2023

 - category: 
   
     
          
          
          
          
          
          
     synthesis
materia medica




zeus soft office


zeus soft srl
				rue jean sonet 25
				5032 isnes - belgium
				vat: be0647 962 374zeus soft company info







radaropus terms & conditions | privacy policy© copyright 2025 | zeus soft. all rights reserved 

 
            



 
            

 






top












