


































heartless' journal






































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































everyoneiswrong
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














everyoneiswrong







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement






heartless' journal
recent entries



recent entries
friends
history
info
restless hands


previous 25 entries







you are viewing the most recent 25 entries.

15th may 2005



5:22pm:  a non-anime rant...
i hate helpless people who cannot figure out simple things through trial and error.  or who don't trying different things when one thing isn't working.  for example.  internet forums.  very simple to figure out.  if you click enough links, eventually you will figure out what you need.  if you cannot do that, you are a simple-minded idiot and should be removed from the internet for the good of humanity.  and also your own good, because your death at my hands is very, very close.and the worst part is, i can't be mad at the person because they're nice...just stupid and helpless.  and i don't feel like holding their hand as they venture out into the big scary world of forum role playing.  ooooh, scary.  jesus christ.  also, i can't make the internet go faster, nor can i make the page load.  how the hell do you survive on the internet if you can't figure out the little quirks of getting pages to load and things like that?  omg, it's not loading!  i think i'll stare at it and watch it not load!  try reloading the page?  shock and awe!!! such logic never occured to me!yeah, gonna shoot myself.i mean, not being able to figure out sig files - not so bad.  that takes a little knowledge of html, but seriously.... the steps to upload the image should not be hard.  also, since i'm not psychic, i can't see what you're looking at, nor what you're thinking about.  "hmmmm...." in an im box tells me nothing.  definitely gonna shoot myself.

current mood:  annoyed


3 comments - comment on this


17th april 2004



8:32pm:  not fandom, but close enough
you know what really pisses me off?icon journals that are friends only.  i mean, seriously, what the fuck?  they're fucking 100x100 bits of pixels that you're making....for the purpose of sharing them with other people.  who gives a flying fuck if one or two people fail to give you credit for your little 100x100 works of art.  guess what?  you're already technically stealing someone else's art to make the bases.  so, do try not to get so high and mighty.  they're just fucking icons and quite frankly, no single icon-maker is so fantastic that i will ever think that it's worth my time to comment just to be added their exclusive little club.  because, quite frankly, someone who would actually bother to friend's lock an icon journal really just makes me think: "hmmm...egotistical fucktard."  and then i move along because in the end...they're just icons.

current mood:  bitchy


5 comments - comment on this


28th march 2004



3:28pm:  and now for a little something i like to call...
the ccs fandom drinking game!for this game you will need: 1) access to a computer and the internet2) the ff.net just in page, ccs section.  (or, if you're feeling really masochistic, just go to the ccs section on ff.net and go through that.  however, taking this dangerous path may lead to alcohol posioning and/or death.)3) large amounts of the alocohol of your choice. (coconut rum not recommended.)  or, soda, if you're feeling like a pansy. (but hey, there's no shame in that.  i'd play with soda too.)okay, all ready? go!part one: basic fic1) take a drink everytime you see yet another badly written sakura and syaoran fic.2) take another drink if that ss fic also includes everyone's favorite nonsense pairing: eriol and tomoyo.3) take a drink if the author mixes and matches dub and sub names at random.4) if the author starts gleefully switching between dub and sub names for the same character in the same fic, take a drink every time they flip-flop.5) take two drinks if you find a fic that actually features pairings beyond syaoran/sakura and eriol/tomoyo6) take three drinks if you find a fic that actually doesn't revolve around syaoran/sakura and eriol/tomoyo7) take three drinks if you find a syaoran/sakura fic that is written by someone with a functioning brain.8) take a drink every time you come across an author's note that insists that tomoyo is not a lesbian.9) take two drinks every time you come across and author's note that insists that touya and/or yuki aren't gay.10) take a drink if you actually manage to find a touya x yuki fic.11) take a drink if you find a fic that has sakura dating some boy that isn't syaoran.12) sigh and take another drink when the author has sakura being torn between syaoran and the random boy.  we all know how this will end.part two: sing us a song1) take a drink if you find a fic with a title that's lifted directly from a song that's currently popular and played on the radio a lot.2) take two drinks if you find a fic referencing an obscure or older song.3) take a drink every time a song fic turns out to be 90% song and only 10% fic.4) take two drinks if it turns out the song actually fits ccs in some way.5) take a drink every time you run across a fic based on an avirl lavigne song.6) if you find yet another fic based on sk8ter boi, chug the rest of the bottle, smash the end of it on a nearby table or person, and hunt down the author of the fic to inform them that it's already been done. way. too. much.  make the bitches suffer.  erm... *cough*7) take a drink if you run across an au where in sakura and/or tomoyo are singers8) take a drink if you run across an au where sakura, tomoyo, and meilin make up an uber-popular girl group.9) take two drinks if eriol, syaoran, and yamazaki make up a rival boy-band.part three: it hurts us, precioussssss1) chortle in amusement and take a drink if you run across a fic listed as tomoyo x eriol.  then take three more drinks to erase the mental image of tomoyo violating eriol with a strap-on.2) take two drinks if you find a kero x suppi-chan fic.  3) take three more drinks if the above fic involves sex and doesn't mention them having a human form.4) take a drink every time someone actually uses naraku in a fic.5) take another drink if they've missed the fact that naraku does not, in fact, actually love touya, she's loves toying with touya.6) take a drink if you run across and touya/yuki/naraku love triangle of any sort.7) have three drinks if the author actually has touya and yuki end up together at the end, while still presenting naraku as something other than a minor disturbance in the great love that is touya and yuki.  8) take a drink if you find touya being paired up with a mary sue.9) take a drink if you find yuki being paired up with a mary sue.10) take two drinks if you find clow being paired up with a mary sue.11) take a drink every time the clow cards escape again.12) take a drink if they're set loose by sakura's spawn.13) take two drinks if someone shows up with another deck of cards.14) take two drinks if it turns out to be that other deck of incredibly powerful magic cards that clow made and forgot to tell us about.15) take three drinks if the author actually bothers to justify the creation of this second deck and it makes sense.part four: why, god, why?1) take a drink every time you run across an au where sakura is a princess and the other characters are various attendant fairy tale type characaters2) take two drinks if it turns out that it's actually a tsubasa: resvoir chronicles fic.3) take two drinks and twitch a lot if you find an au where any of the characters have been "trained as assassins since birth" or something similar.4) take two more drinks if the person trained as an assassin falls in love with their target.  (someday i will write a fic where sakura the cold hearted assissin is sent to kill syaoran the wealthy businessman...and does.)5) take a drink if you find a fic where they're all just normal people.6) take two drinks if you find a fic where they're all just normal people...in a gang.7) take two drinks if sakura and syaoran are members/the leaders of rival gangs and fall in love.8) take a drink if one of the characters is a world-renouned thief.this is, of course, a very incompletel list and i'll probably edit it later.  also, suggestions welcome.

current mood:  creative


3 comments - comment on this


13th january 2004



10:27pm:  friendly fire...
...i would like to take a moment to rant about a certain community on lj which will remain unknown.  those who know me well will probably know what i'm talking about though........*deep breath*......why the fuck are they sex crazed morons, frequently with the apparent brains of a marmoset????...*sigh*  yeah, the boy-on-boy sex is hot hot hot, but....um...it's not the greatest thing on the planet, people.  it's not the end of existance.  and, believe it or not, it's not the only thing gay boys do.  and no, they don't stop having sex just to angst.  really.  they do in fact actually live normal lives.i guess i just get annoyed because there are some seriously dumb posts in this community and i just wonder if it's true that the majority of fans of this genre really are moronic fangirls.  then there's intelligent comments made to the posts and my faith is restored somewhat.  i just wish those people would post more often.

current mood:  aggravated


 comment on this


30th december 2003



7:32pm:  omg.  wtf.  and other acronyms.
http://www.livejournal.com/community/wb_yaoi/35002.html...........................................i'll be over here, crying in the corner, because people are so dumb.  ohh. emm. gee....okay, for anyone who missed it, the lets save america - ban anime now petition is one. big. joke.   (go read some of the comments from people who signed it, they're absolutely priceless.)that's all.  you may now all carry on with your lives, safe in the knowledge that anime is not being banned by the government.

current mood: incredulous


11 comments - comment on this



5:33pm:  mini-rant!
okay, for all you people out there that write weiss fic and like omi and nagi, either paired together or simply by themselves, please listen up for a moment.omi and nagi do not</u> attend the same school.  period.   end of sentence.there's a very simple reason too why they don't go to the same school.  look at what nagi wears in every episode of the tv series he appears in.  it's his school uniform.  look at what omi wears every time he goes to school.  that is his school unform.  note that they look nothing alike.  therefore, they do not go to the same school.thank you.  move along.

current mood:  annoyed


 comment on this


15th december 2003



10:01pm: 
i think the thing that drives me fucking nuts i love best about fanlistings is their wannabe cool and slick names for their little sites.  the problem of course being that while they're trying to be all cool and meaningful and classy with their names...they usually end up with something that has little or nothing to do with the character.two cases in point:the ken ichijouji fanlisting is called "innocent".  um...no.  ken is not innocent.  at all.  for those who don't know, ken was the main villain for the first half of the second season of digimon.  granted, he was not entirely in his right mind, but he was still a villain and damn was that boy good at it.  (that's what comes of being a genius and having nothing better to do with your time...and being a bitter and sad little child who grew up to be a bitter teenager...)  yes, he was innocent at one point, when he was still a little kid.  is he innocent now?  hell no.  he's gone throught the wringer and has managed to come out the other side as a decent human being, finally, but he's sure as hell not innocent.   in some ways, perhaps a little naive - his social skills need some work - but definitely not innocent by any set of standards.  the thing that really gets me though is that the webmistress even says that the title really has nothing to do with ken, she just picked it because it's the name of a song she likes.  *facepalm*   what the hell man?  what's the point if it has nothing to do with the character?then there's the fanlisting for katan, from angel sanctuary.  "innocent angel."  first of all, almost no one in angel sanctuary is innocent.  like all kaori yuki manga, angel sanctuary is fucked up and half, and the characters reflect that.  secondly, of the few characters that one might term innocent, katan is definitely not among them.   lets pause for a moment and take a look at what the word innocent means.*attacks dictionary.dom*ah, here we go, innocent:adj.   1. uncorrupted by evil, malice, or wrongdoing; sinless: an innocent child.   2.         1. not guilty of a specific crime or offense; legally blameless: was innocent of all charges.         2. within, allowed by, or sanctioned by the law; lawful.   3.         1. not dangerous or harmful; innocuous: an innocent prank.         2. candid; straightforward: a child's innocent stare.   4.         1. not experienced or worldly; naive.         2. betraying or suggesting no deception or guile; artless.   5.         1. not exposed to or familiar with something specified; ignorant: american tourists wholly innocent of french.         2. unaware: she remained innocent of the complications she had caused.   6. lacking, deprived, or devoid of something: a novel innocent of literary merit.n.   1. a person, especially a child, who is free of evil or sin.   2. a simple, guileless, inexperienced, or unsophisticated person.   3. a very young child.hmmm.... um, yeah.  katan falls into none of those.  he commits a crime when he releases rosiel, so he's not innocent there.  he knew damned well what he was doing with that too, so it doesn't apply that he was innocent of the consequinces.  katan is definitely dangerous as he kills sarah (granted it was on accident, but still...) so that's not innocent.  he may not have wanted to do it, but he went in there intending to kill setsuna, so obviously he's prepared to kill.  he may be somewhat the victem of rosiel's crazy control-freak nature and so forth, but he's strong and smart enough to resist (at least untill he kind of gets fried by setsuna/alexiel's power...) rosiel's usual methods.so, in conclusion.  katan is not an innocent angel.   thank you, move along.  i mean, really.  how much of a fan can you be of a character if you can't even come up with a name for a website dedicated to them that actually fits?  (i wont even get into the fact that the katan fanlisting...doesn't have a picture of katan in the layout...  although i'm not sure on that.  damn you and your similar character designs, kaori yuki.) it's really not hard at all.  take, for example, my treize shrine (geez, i need to work on my baby...i'm so lazy.)   the shrine is called blood red roses.   treize is know to have a thing for roses, especially red ones.  treize is linked very closely to war, death, and by extention blood.  thus, calling his shrine blood red roses, makes sense.  it will make sense to even the most hopeless n00b gw fan because it uses basic character traits. for another example, take the name of my as-of-yet unfinished anotsu shrine.  "like a phoenix from the ashes."   the name actually come from a quote in blade of the immortal, said in reference to anotsu.  (by anotsu himself as i recall, but whatever...)   however, even without having read that far in the manga, or having read and not remembering the quote, it still makes sense as a title.  the basic information about anotsu is that he's the son of a disgraced samurai, who has now risen to become one of the most influential people in japan, in a roundabout way.  thus, the name makes sense in reference to that.  both are, in my opinion, pretty decently classy sounding names for websites.  it wasn't difficult to come up with them at all.  the most work i did was skimming through my blade of the immortal manga looking for a cool quote to steal for the name.  ...so please, for the love of small children and little kittens...people name your websites names that don't suck.

current mood:  cranky


1 comment - comment on this



9:07pm: 
i just found a fic that has listed as the pairing schu/nagi/omi.i'ma go hang myself now.  kthxdie.

current mood:  cynical


2 comments - comment on this


13th december 2003



9:50am: 
random pet peeve of the moment:on the subject of crawd winchester's usual name... it is "k".   not kei.  not kay.  k.  just k.  just the letter k.  and nothing else.  believe no lies that people tell you, his name is k.   i can't find the book right now to double check, but i'm certain that when judy shows up the first time and keeps calling him crawd, he says to her: "i'm working right now.  call me k."and then she ignores him and gives him a gun 'cause she's a nut like that.  god, i love that woman...

current mood:  bored


 comment on this


12th december 2003



3:37pm: 
"with this ring...the rose signet ring fanlisting".......omfg!!!!!!!!!!!!  it's a ring.  it's not even a person.  it's a ring!  it just sits in the story and serves a purpose.  yeah, it's a neat looking ring.  yeah, it's rather important.  but i know no one fucking sits down and goes "wow...that is one bad-ass mother fucker of a ring in utena.  god, that ring is hot."....i stab you all.  good night.

current mood:  indescribable


1 comment - comment on this


11th december 2003



4:41pm:  kill it before it breeds...
you know what really pisses me off?  fanlistings.  especially when they're submitted to anipike and they fill up the new links section with thousands of fanlistings for things i don't give a fuck about.  now, let me first say that i'm not opposed to fanlistings as a general concept.  they're fun to join, and a chance to find people that like the same things you do.  the problem with them is that they've gone way too far.  there's fanlistings for the most ridiculous things on the planet.  the op and ed songs for anime series, random minor characters that no one really cares about because they don't have personalities and aren't important, bizarre fan pairings that only three people actually like and so forth....  i should not have just run across a fan listing to nadeshiko.  she's sakura's dead mom.  she barely has a personality beyond "ditzy and loveable" because in the grand scheme of things she's not that important.  i don't care what you say, you can not be so much of a fan of a character with basically no personality that you really need to make a fanlisting to her. the thing that really gets me is that all these anime fanlistings invariably clutter up the new links section of anipike.  this is entirely unneeded because there's the official fanlisting page that lists all of them.  if people want to find fan listings for a character or thing...they will go there.  there's not reason for the links to be on anipike because the sites only serve one purpose: joining the fanlisting.  you can't just go to the site and browse because there's nothing actually interesting there.  granted, this could be said for many other types of anime web sites, but they at least serve some diversion for a few minutes.  fanlisting sites are possibly some of the most useless things on the internet if you don't care about what is being fanlisted.  they don't need to be listed on anipike because that means you're really just a hit-collecting bandwagon sheep who made a fanlisting because it's "cool" and you want the love and attention you get from it.  it probably means that you also scraped the bottom of the barrel and decided to create a listing for inu-yasha's toe nails or something like that.   so in conclusion, you are a loser.  get your fucking fanlistings off anipike so i can find sites that serve a purpose.edit: you know what else is really high up on the list of annoying?  fanlistings to specific episodes in a show.  that's possibly even worse than music fanlistings.  god, no single episode of a show is that good.  if you like the show, then you should like all of it.  who the hell cares if you love episode 346 of dragon ball z or whatever.

current mood:  annoyed


 comment on this


6th november 2003



7:35pm: 
*eyes marmosetman*.......i would be almost certain of who you are...were it not for the fact that you don't write like them.  care to fess up and tell me your secret identity, or will you remain mysterious?oh...wait.  now i have two ideas.  cuuuuuuuurses.

current mood:  curious


 comment on this



3:41pm:  mmmm....flames....so warm and fuzzy...er... oo;;
oh!  oh!  look what i got as a review for hiro's bad luck!"again dis concept? don't ya haf more originality...n ya standard of english?? u can criticise ppl some more... every story i read, i c your idiotic snide remarks... like ya have alot of originality... now i've seen your god damn fic... i think ya should look at your own standard of writing b4 goin round criticizing people's story... and puleese!! ya tink ya r so bloody superior?? think again bitch..even if ya wanna criticise... ya cld at least give an encouragement like try harder next time.. but all ya give is shit... and ya vocabulary after all isn't relle that great... i was hoping for a better story some more... oh my god! i at first thought that the stories you wrote would be fantastically done so i went to read... n whu expects this kind of standard...and as far as i know and reviewed... quite a number of people think you are far too arrogant... some say you suck at writing... just wanted to tell you this..sacarstic idiot"hmm...this was left by a mysterious "mallacht" who also failed to leave an email addy, unfortunately.  sure, i'm a cruel bitch to lots of little budding "writers" on the pit...i probably shouldn't be.  however, at least i have the decency to let my email addy be known so that they can respond should they desire.  i've gotten several replies from people with absolutely shit-tacular fics that i've reviewed that haven't been angry at all.  all things considered, i'm not all that mean with my reviews anymore.  i've tried to tone it down and be civil, though still point out that...well...the fic is a load of shit in some way or another.  anyway, to move on to the meat of this... "review"...first of all, no hiro's bad luck isn't a very original piece of fiction.  it wasn't meant to be original or ground breaking.  it's simply a pov piece that gets inside hiro's head and takes a look at his feelings.  nothing more, nothing less.  it's not a spectacular piece of writing, but it's certainly a thousand times better than any of the things i've every left harsh reviews for, and that was without even trying, so i'm really not worried about it being a somewhat bad piece of writing for my standards.  all things considered, most people don't write fic that centers around hiro/shuichi stuff, so it's not particularily cliched either.  i'll also admit quite readily that hiro's bad luck was largely a product of my own angst and frustration over being in love with someone who was with someone else at the time.  however, seeing as the fic is pretty well in character and you can't even tell that it was written because of that...i see no problem with writing it for that purpose.second of all, i really don't think i'm going seriously listen to insults about my grammar and vocabulary - the former of which i will admit to being questionable at times and the later of which i know is far above average - from someone who speaks in something that could best be called "net-speak ebonics."finally, my stories aren't the greatest thing in the pit.  they're, for the most part, pretty average in terms of writing and so forth.  of course, going by the standards of the pit, this means that they might as well be award-winning writing, but that's irrelivant.  however, i've never pretended to be the greatest author ever.  you don't need to be good at something like writing or art to point out the flaws in it.  it's entirely possible to have an eye for something you're no good at.   my girlfriend can't draw much beyond stick figures (and really nice abstract art, but that's irrelevant) but she can spot when i've screwed something up in my drawings and point it out to me.  oh, and i'd also like to know who this "quite a number of people" is that think i'm too arrogant and that i suck at writing.  apparently i've made a name for myself?and with that, i take my leave....  (oh, and feel free to view my stories and tell me if mr./mrs. mallacht is correct in their estimation of my work.)

current mood:  amused


 comment on this


14th september 2003



7:48pm: 
"shounen-ai. sasunaru, narugaagaanaru. while sasuke's harsh demeanor pushes naruto away, gaara's willingness to love draws him closer."ooooooh-kay.  erm....where to start.  perhaps a hearty cry of "what the fuck?!" is a good place.  yeah, i think that'll do.  that said, i'd like to ask what crack the people in the naruto fandom are on.  they come up with the most fucked up pairings imaginable.  granted, this isn't hard, as there's a lot of really weird-ass characters in naruto.  now, anyone with half a brain will recognize that many of these characters are completely fucked in the head and refrain from doing things like writing romantic fanfic about them.  however, a large portion of the naruto fandom doesn't have half a brain even if they pool all the brain cells that they have amongst them.  soooo...we get fic that involve gaara being a loving and caring individual.   or that presumably will involve that, according to the summary, as he only just showed up in the fic itself.um...now, i know that i'm a little behind when it comes to naruto - i've only read up to volume 10.  however, gaara has shown up and, er, unless he does a total 180...i reeeeeally don't think that gaara is willing to love anyone at all, let alone naruto.  in fact, given the way gaara acts, i still don't understand what the fangirls see in him.  he's...a blood-thirsty killer.  sure, his childhood was screwed up, but this isn't exactly an uncommon thing in naruto.  and on the topic of characters that a horrible bastards and need to die...why do people like neji?  the boy is a cruel bastard and yet...the fangirls like him, probably because he's oh-so-bishie-licious!   and so, of course, he is given the gay.  like with this fic:"sequel to can't you see them? fluff and snowball fights- shinobi style! yaoi. gaaranaru sasuneji kakairu sakulee"wow...it's kind of sad when you have four different pairings and only one of them has even the slightest bit to do with cannon.   now, i don't mind pairings that bend cannon a bit - goodness knows i like a few of those myself...however, four of those pairings in one fic is way too much.  it indicates that you are a empty-headed fangirl and are only pairing up people because you like the characters and they would be sooooooo hot!!!!111!!!and...here comes a storm.  i go now.

current mood: ninja rage


 comment on this


10th september 2003



3:34pm: 
i must not play with sharp objects.i must not play with sharp objects.i must not play with sharp objects.i must not play with sharp objects.i must not play with sharp objects.i must not play with sharp objects.i must not play with sharp objects.i must not play with sharp objects.i must not play with sharp objects.i must not play with sharp objects.i must not play with sharp objects.i must not..."aya murder someone inthe dark... and he was watching. weissgravitation - ayayuki . slashish only a bit"i must no...t..... gaaahhhhhh give me something pointy!  now with the pointiness!  anything!  must...stab... *twitch*why with the weiss and gravi cross overs?  yes, it can be done.  no, this is not the way to do it.  just...so much no.  it's hard enough to pull off a crossover with the two - one series is mostly bright, bounce, happy crack and the other is dark, angsty, semi-serious crack.  when you appear, as this person does, to be barely even literate...do us all a favor and don't try.

current mood: stabby


 comment on this


5th september 2003



9:16pm: 
"eriol is going to die unless he halves his magic. erioltouya syaoranyueyukito"*adds this to the long list of things that have made her want to kill herself today.*....this is not my week.

current mood:  crappy


 comment on this


22nd august 2003



12:59pm: 
"ken has moved in with schwarz in order to get closer to schu.  though getting closer to him is harder than he thinks."danger!  danger!  danger, will robinson!" "stop! no! you don't stab the ball!" ken sat down on the ground in frustration and thought, he had been living here for the sole purpose of being with schu, but it didn't seem to be worth it right now, no matter how hard he tried, schu would still smile every time brad walked into the room."(both quotes from: letting go is hard.)...well, that's it.  now i'm going to have to kill something.  why authors cannot distinguish between members of weiss and schwarz from the average teenage girl, i will never know.

current mood:  annoyed


 comment on this


20th july 2003



5:38pm: 
"slightly au, after the battle with estet's elders, ran finds out that he's pregnant with crawford's baby. and said baby will be the focus of more than just weiss & schwaz...some people of estet have plans for this unborn child..."~ from wunderslightly au?!...i have no words at all.  how am i rant about this?  i mean... ran pregnant with crawford's baby!!!there is no god.

current mood: horrified


3 comments - comment on this



5:18pm:  when yuri goes bad, and other stories
my nomination for most ridiculous way to refer to a portion of anatomy: "breastsbuds"i mean, really, what the hell?  that's just...odd.  also, nomination for most amusing mangling of the japanese language: "aligato"i think i may start using that in everyday speech.  it's too damn amusing not to use.  xd

current mood:  amused


2 comments - comment on this


13th july 2003



3:31am:  ...ever get the feeling you've been somewhere before?
this isn't so much a rant as it is a bit of surreality that i felt the need to share.  of course, few will truly understand why it is so surreal, but oh well..."- weiss kreuz - if you were mine by lorien - *snarf*giggle* oh, this was funny! aya-chan lusting after yohji, ran chasing after yohji with his katana for thinking about his sister (which he really wasn't), yohji lusting after omi who's now dating nagi, ken lusting after ran and being cute... it was so much fun. and not in a "oh, my god, that was so bad it was funny!" type of a way, it was meant to be parody-ish, and while it's not outlandish parody, it was just... not-quite-serious fun (ranxken, aya-chan+yohji, yohji+omi, nagixomi.) "~ from a random fic rec page so i do a search to find a link to the complete uncle yohji's book of love, 'cause i'm bored.  google coughs up a page of wk fic recs, which i check out because i've finished reading what i wanted from uybol and am now bored again.  and then i find that and nearly fall over and die. all right people, fess up?  which one of you took all the weiss rp things i've done with k-tan and vee and turned them into a fanfic?  heh, joking, of course, but...that's just creepy.  because...no one writes about aya-chan, damn it.  and the fact that she has a crush on yohji...who wants omi...who wants ken...and....oooooh, it's creepy, i say.  i've been here before.  sometimes life is just too weird.oh, and the fic is here.  it's not the greatest thing in the world, but it's amusing enough, though it weirds me out so much because i keep thinking "no, no, they should be acting like this".  ...only, not because they're ooc for the series (they are a bit, but that's irrelevant) but because they're not acting the way rp weiss does... heh...

current mood: baffled


 comment on this


25th june 2003



9:26pm:  trigun double header
and now, for a bit of a variety, i'll delve into the world of trigun fic, which is a truly terrifying place, full of scary, scary fangirls.case 1: pagan fangirl likes vash a little too muchoh my... this lady's author's note is kind of scary and obsessive."  as i was watching trigun, i was deeply affected by the story.  i loved it.  no, i went beyond loving it.  there were so many things that i wanted to say to vash!  so many times i wanted to wrap my arms around that silly man and tell him not to cry, that every thing would be all right.            i've decided to divide my own feelings, thoughts, and what i wanted for vash into three stories, based around the three faces of the goddess.  i'm calling the set "vash meets three women."  many people have noted the religious references of trigun, but i didn't see them as necessarily christian.  watching this series through the eyes of a pagan is truly interesting.            i also wrote these because i didn't particularly like most of the women in trigun.  i could never see vash with meryl, because vash cannot ever belong to one woman.  he is too much, too intense, he feels too deeply.  there is a depth to vash that meryl never even comes close to.  which brings me to the stories.            in "vash meets a maiden" our wandering gunman meets an amazing young woman, who shares a special gift with him.  a woman who is his equal, at least mentally and emotionally.  "vash meets his mother" and "vash meets a crone" are not written yet, but i hope to have them up soon.  in "vash meets his mother" i considered just having him meet a human woman with a flock of kids, but that is done in the series.  so i was left thinking of vash�s own mother.  what would she be like?  why has she come to her son after leaving him alone for over a century?  i decided for them to meet.  "vash meets a crone" will be dark as the goddess herself, forcing vash to face the mortality of humans and the crone goddess�s justice, bluntness, and her dark humor.  she is not a gentle one, the dark goddess... that she is not..."from sinnymun's huge-ass author's note in "vash meets a maiden"ooooooh, boy.  yeah, i love vash too and i feel sorry for the poor guy, but um...back off. no, really.  take a deep breath, count to twenty, and remind yourself that he's only a cartoon character.  now, being a godless heathen myself, i certainly have nothing wrong with pagans.  however, i kind of object to having the religion tacked onto trigun like this, especially in such a blatant format.    good grief, subtlety is obviously not this lady's strong point, since the mary sue that hooks up with vash in this fic is clearly a pagan, which makes a good deal of no sense in the trigun universe.  the closest anything in trigun comes to being vaguely pagan is probably rem and her philosophy and that is more a "philosophy of good" than anything that can be pinned down to a specific religion.i don't care what that girl says, huge chunks of the religious symbolism are rather blatantly christian.  or does wolfwood being a catholic priest and carrying a big-ass cross not count?  then there's the random angel imagery that vash and knives have going and the definite angel/demon, god/satan thing between them.  japan just loves it's christian symbolism and so forth, if only for the novelty of it all.  wicca and paganism of the modern american or european persuasion isn't really all that interesting to them, from what i've seen.  if there are witches in anime, they almost always take the form of the stereotypical mideavil witch.  it's not all the surprising, really, since they have their own extensive mythology to draw from, and the modern wicca and so forth is so eclectic and such that it's not really of much interest from a mangaka's point of view.it's not that i object to religion of any sorts in fanfic, it's that i object to it being forced upon fanfic and used to try to shape a series into something that agrees perfectly with the author's view of the world.  yes, i'm well aware that almost all art, ancient and modern draws inspiration from religion, which is all well and good, if you're writing something that is, well, yours.  when you're writing fanfic, it's different.  you should be drawing your insipiration from the series you're writing about, if you get my meaning.  biblical allusions, or religious allusions of any sort for that matter, are fine.  hell, you can even base a whole fic off of something religious or whatever, it doesn't really matter, provided the focus and point of the fic is the characters or the series.  when the focus of the fic becomes the religion and not the series the fic is about, then you have problems.  at that point, it's stops being about the series and becomes the author going, "hey!  look at me!  i'm religious!  aren't i cool?"  this is especially the case with a fanfic like this, where the so-called "maiden" is such a mary sue that it hurts.  bad.  and now, taking a rather random tangent because i just looked at the reviews for this fic, i have a question.  how come reviewers can recognize that this fic, which is at least well written, if blatantly mary sue-ish and suffering from "look at me and my cool religion" syndrome, has issues and then fics like the one i'm going to babble about next get good reviews?  that, if anything, is proof to me that there is no higher being at all.  or at least proof that many people are indeed dumb as a box of rocks.and now, on to the second fic, which makes me want to kill myself and never, ever read the word "said" again.  why?  well, here's a sample of the fic:"a girl about vash's age walks in a bar in jupiter. the girl sits at the bar by a man in a red coat blonde hair and soft green eyes. the girl looks at the man.jane said, "excuse me are you ericks?" ericks looks at her.ericks said, "yes i am why do you ask?"jane said, "i need to talk to you."ericks said, "okay. so are we going to talk here?"jane said, "no we are going to talk in my room follow me please." ericks nod his head and followed jane to her room in a hotel. it was 1 block away or 19 iles away. their were in her room ericks broke the silence.ericks said, "who are you?"jane said, "i'm jane frost and i know who you are."ericks said, "you do?"jane said, "your vash the stampede right."vash said, "ya i am. are you trying to get the bounty that's on my head?"jane said, "no i'm not."vash said, "then what?"jane said, "i want to be your partner."vash said, " what!""from "vash gets a partnerow.  pain.  i don't know how old the author of this is and i'm kind of afraid to find out, least i discover that they are in fact not in elementary school.  i also hope freverently that english isn't the person's first language, otherwise i think i'd have to kill myself out of dispair for the human race.

current mood:  thoughtful


 comment on this



3:56pm: 
"gw/fake crossover. yaoi! (fake is origanlly) after the mariemaia war, duo and heero stay with dee latyner. and things are icy between dee latyner and ryo mclane. rating will go up as i write more"yes, i too love fake and gundam wing.  however, that doesn't mean i feel the need to squash them together into a mis-matched mess of a fanfic.  for one thing i don't think that there's even such thing as a usa anymore in the gw universe, and certainly not new york city cops like dee and ryo.  and for another...just no.  there's no reason for this fic to exist.  it just...doesn't need to be.  at all.   even trying to envision heero talking to dee or something like that just...doesn't work.  fics like this make me wonder whether or not people pay any attention to anything but the h0tttt boiz!!!!!!!111!!!!omg!!!! in any series they watch.  then i slap myself upside the head a couple times and remind myself that it's asking far too much from most fans to actually use their brain in regards to their favorite shows.

current mood:  blah


 comment on this


21st june 2003



8:18pm: 
best typo ever:"eriol, the famous rock, was in a plane crash. tomoyo his 1 & only love was told he'd never remember her again, now just as she has started to move on,a miracle has happened he remembers...so what is to become of them?their going to need a true miracle to..."...i suppose we'll never find out what mr. famous rock and mrs. 1 & only need a miracle for... unless, of course, we read the story.  but then we'd have to kill ourselves, i suspect.

current mood:  amused


 comment on this


20th june 2003



8:20pm: 
"sanosuke and misao fight almost everyday and kenshin, kaoru, and megumi have had it, it's time to make a plan. a plan to bring the bickering pair together once and for all!"wow...it's a sad state of affairs in a fandom when i, a person who is really not in any way a rk fan, can read through the summaries at ff.net and be utterly appalled at how out of character everything is.   now, perhaps my memory is a lot more faulty than i thought it was, but i do believe that it's sanosuke and megumi that fight all the time.  i can barely remember any point at which sano and misao really interact enough to actually fight, or do anything for that matter.  i also seem to recall that misao is madly in love with aoshi....  hmmmm...have my memories been altered by aliens with sinister plans for fandom domination or am i just one of the, oh, five people in the universe that actually paid attention to the series?

current mood: baffled


 comment on this


27th may 2003



9:39pm: 
"misao is lost and heartbroken and ends up in kenshin's arms. is she going to end up having a painful experience again? or is it true love? kenshin/misao"...some one needs to drag this author out into the street and turn rabid weasels loose on them.  *glances at katie*i really don't think i need to say much more, other than... kenshin/misao?!

1 comment - comment on this


powered by livejournal.com


































