






the foundation for water research – fwr












































 



















about usgovernanceget involvedeventsanalysispublicationsbrowse our booksbrowse our guidesbrowse the rocks












the foundation for water research




developing science-based solutions to water challenges







about us
explore how we support the water community





events
enhance your career and knowledge





analysis
gain insight into current challenges and solutions





publications
read the latest water guides and rocks













who are the fwr?
the foundation for water research (fwr) is an independent community of professionals from across the water sector and related scientific specialisms. the community comes together for deliberative discussion, with the aim of developing interdisciplinary solutions to water challenges.
in 2022 the fwr joined the institution of environmental sciences (ies) family.








learn more about the fwr












our activity
the fwr community is designed to support and connect professionals working or interacting with the water environment.
we provide guidance, events and training reviews of current knowledge and provide in-depth analysis of the water sector, with the aim of developing interdisciplinary solutions.







see our events


read our analysis


get the latest publications














 





featured event




		fwr webinar: protecting scotland’s groundwater quality	




march 6 2025			



this free webinar will provide an overview of the new groundwater quality standards for scotland, including the key changes to scottish environment protection agency’s (sepa’s) associated guidance on assigning groundwater […]







		view calendar	
















latest analysis




briefing paper: future of water resources









latest publication


reset





 



 future of water resources








show 1102550100 per page










sign up


join the fwr mailing list to receive notification of new publications, events and our newsletter















quick links
about useventsanalysispublicationscontact us




publications
booksguidesrocks



privacy
cookie policyevent terms & conditions







the ies family



















manage consent






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent




























