









private certified forensic lab - the carlson company

































































 10343 federal blvd. suite j- 401, westminster, co 80260
  +1 866-889-3410
 carlsonco@thecarlsoncompany.net




























home
tests
customers review
about
faq
blog
contact
 














offering forensic lab test worldwide
toxicology testing
we offer a variety of toxicology services with expertise in poison testing, chemical and toxins analysis,  substance identification, and many others. 
learn more





offering forensic lab test worldwide
forensic dna testing
the carlson company and its affiliated labs are experts in finding dna profiles from unusual samples better than anyone else in the industry.
learn more





offering forensic lab test worldwide
drug testing
the carlson company offers a variety of drugs testing toxicology options including , probation drug testing, court ordered drug testing, and date rape drug testing. 
learn more







forensic lab testing services for





poisons and toxins testing
we can assist you with any laboratory test for poisoning and intoxication. under the umbrella of our services,...
read more 





postmortem toxicology consulting services
postmortem toxicology consulting services offer specialized analyses, guidance, and expert interpretation of t...
read more 





hair sample testing for chemicals & toxins – packages
testing packages and pricing
we offer two comprehensive panels for hair sample testing, providing an in-depth...
read more 





comprehensive exhumation & dna testing service
our comprehensive exhumation and dna testing service provides a seamless, legally compliant solution for exhum...
read more 





post mortem forensic toxicology test
we are the leading provider of toxicology tests post-mortem for poison. having more than 18 years of experienc...
read more 





forensics dna testing
the carlson company offers a wide variety of forensic dna analyses, dna comparison and specimen matching using...
read more 




more services





easy to use order formsclick to download the order form and get started today.

private testing order form
chain of custody order form
cremains acknowledgement form
infidelity test order form
credit card acceptance form







resources & information
these health resources & information provided to help patients and caregivers make safe work practices.

pill identifier – having trouble identifying your pills?
tricyclic antidepressants screen
how do i interpret a forensics dna report?
hipaa
volatile scan panel
cyanide poisoning

more resources






latest news & blogs







 november 21st, 2024
how nanotoxicology is shaping the future of health and environmental safety
nanotoxicology is a rapidly growing field that focuses on the potential health and environmental risks associated with nanoparticl...
read more 








 november 13th, 2024
how long do drugs stay detectable in the body? a guide to drug detection times
whether for personal, legal, or medical reasons, it is crucial to know how long drugs remain detectable in the body. drug kind, te...
read more 








 october 30th, 2024
parents’ guide to talking about date rape drugs and testing with teens and young adults
as a parent, talking with teens and young adults about personal safety, especially in social settings, can be challenging. however...
read more 









our client’s say 




jack ☆☆☆☆

					your customer service is the best and i got my dna results really quick! , i have the biggest smile on my face now. thank you for being pr...				







fast testing service ☆☆☆☆

					thanks to you and your infidelity testing services. keep up the great work....				







very satisfied ☆☆☆☆☆

					

the carlson company definitely give you the confirmation you need.

...				




















get in touch
 

10343 federal blvd. suite j- 401 westminster, co 80260


call toll free:  +1 866-889-3410
direct & international calls:  1-719-531-6666 


monday – thursday : 9 am to 4 pm
friday : 9 am to 3 pm ( mst)
closed sat, sun and holidays


emails and voicemails welcome seven days a week 24/7 including holidays






useful links
home
tests
about
blog
faq
contact
sitemap
privacy policy
in the news
cookies policy
terms & conditions



social icons










pay here with paypal






copyright © 2025 thecarlsoncompany. all rights reserved.








search for:























