




mascots conference – financial technology meets civics





































menu
close




mascots conference

financial technology meets civics


















august 25, 2021

collision insurance defined


so what is collision insurance anyway? according to the us department of insurance the collision insurance definition is as follows: “a policy insures against damage to properties that are insured. for example, a house is insured to the value of the house. if you were to damage the house, the policy would pay for the repair and replacement of the property.” so basically, what is collision insurance then? according to the us department of insurance the collision insurance definition is as follows: “a policy insures against damage to properties that are generally covered when you are in an accident. what is general coverage? general auto insurance covers damage to automobiles that don’t involve a collision.”
so just what is collision insurance definition means? the collision insurance definition pretty much covers all of the commonly asked questions about this type of coverage. one thing that’s pretty clear is that this type of coverage will protect a driver who hits a fixed object like a tree or an asphalt sign. another item that’s pretty obvious is that this coverage will not cover you if you hit a moving object like a car, truck or motorcycle.
the most common types of vehicles that are considered “fixed” include cars, trucks and motorcycles. other types of vehicles are usually considered “movable” which includes farm equipment or livestock like cattle and horse. the only other category that can be considered separately from a fixed object is “unattachable” which means anything with a body of its own such as furniture, house, or statue. this category also doesn’t include motorized wheelchairs.
so now we get to the part where the collision coverage actually makes sense. collision coverage pays for the damages resulting from a collision between two vehicles. so when you hit a deer, you’re liable for the damages resulting from that collision because it was a collision between your car and the deer. the other vehicle in the accident obviously isn’t covered because it wasn’t struck by your car.
there are many different factors that determine the value of a collision coverage. one factor is the mechanical make and model of each of the vehicles involved in the collision. another factor that may affect the value of the coverage is the type of vehicle involved. a truck is obviously more valuable than a four-wheeler. because of this, you should ask different insurance companies about their collision coverage values and compare them to the value of the vehicles in your scenario.
another thing that affects the cost of your premium is the amount of deductible that you choose. the higher your deductible is, the lower your premium will be. so if your deductible amount is $200, your collision inclusion will be at least double. if your monthly payment is only $15, however, your collision inclusion may end up being much less than that because you won’t be paying as much as you would if your premium were double the deductible amount. to learn about the difference between comprehensive vs collision insurance, check out joywallet’s article.
your driving record is also an important determinant. if you have lots of speeding tickets or accidents, you’ll see a higher percentage on your auto insurance premium. the same is true if you have lots of traffic violations or breaking of other laws. this is a way for auto insurance companies to determine whether or not you’re a bad risk. if they find you to be a bad risk, they’ll raise your rates. so, be sure to keep your driving record clean of any infractions to help minimize your auto insurance costs.
collision insurance covers other damages besides collision damage. it also covers the repairs to your car. so, if your car is damaged in a collision, but you still have medical expenses to cover, your damages are paid for by your insurance. this means that your uninsured motorist coverage will pay for the damages.






june 28, 2020

do you really need average family umbrella insurance?


if you are a homeowner, or even a renter, you are probably familiar with the need for average family carry umbrella insurance. the term average family carry umbrella insurance was coined to describe coverage that covers the majority of the value of your belongings. this is an important aspect of buying coverage because it helps you to protect against many different types of expenses in case something should happen to the items that you have in your home or rental property.

most people will think that a good policy for an average family carry will only cover things that they own. this is not always the case, however. if you do not consider the contents of your home, but consider only the value of the things that you store in your home, you are likely missing out on many things that fall under this category. you might be unaware that you could be paying too much for insurance if you did not add a complete inventory of your belongings. to give you a better idea of just what can be covered and at what price, here are a few examples.
your furniture and accessories can be covered under some insurance policies. some will only cover the furniture inside your home while others will pay to replace any items that are damaged while you are away. it is best to get a comprehensive coverage so that you can take care of any items that become damaged while your house is being repaired.
you can also claim on your insurance policy if your items are stolen or damaged due to vandalism. most people do not realize that there is a lot that falls under this category. items such as televisions and computers can often be replaced by a replacement shop or store. many families have a small amount of money that is not used in the home, but a few pieces of furniture such as a dresser or desk can quickly become quite valuable if they are stolen.
a house that has small children in it often has items that can be valuable when a parent goes away. this type of coverage will cover most items that your children may need in the event that they are left alone in the event of an emergency.
other types of items that are often included on these types of policies include electronics. often these items will be expensive to replace in the event of a catastrophic failure. items such as computers and televisions might have parts that break off. if they are not covered on your policy, you may end up having to purchase another computer or television set.
if you own one of these items in your home, you may find that a new one is much less expensive than having to replace your old one. when you make your insurance premium calculation, this will likely factor into the price of the new one.
with this in mind, it is easy to see why the cost of this type of coverage can vary dramatically between different companies. the price of this coverage will depend entirely on how much you want to pay for it and what type of policy you desire.
make sure to review the terms of the policy to determine what kind of coverage you will receive. some policies do not cover all items in your home and other companies will not cover certain items as well. take the time to read through the policy before purchasing it. if you are unsure about what your policy covers, you may want to contact your provider to find out what items are covered on the policy that you desire.
deductibles are one area where you will have to consider. some companies will provide their customers with a high deductible, which means that they will have to pay more money upfront before their insurance policy will start paying out. on the other hand, some companies will give their customers a low deductible, which will allow them to make lower monthly payments for the policy.
if you are looking for the lowest cost average umbrella insurance, you will want to look into the amount of coverage that you need. also take the time to find the company with the lowest premiums. you will find that this will cost you the least amount of money if you purchase the policy from a reputable company with a good reputation.






november 29, 2019

the best kitchen knife set in 2020


if you’re carrying out a kitchen for the very first time or simply require a excellent variety of knives which match, you may wish to take into account a knife collection. a kitchen does not seem as a kitchen until it has a excellent group of knives. every kitchen requires a trusted knife for preparing food readily. the kitchen also should be tiny.

you should only get a knife where the cutting edge runs down the whole length of the blade. the knife ought to be well balanced for even, consistent outcomes. global knives are regarded as a number of the perfect kitchen knives on earth. german knives are created from softer steel so you’re going to need to sharpen frequently. petty knife is thin, such as the utility knife and is wonderful for cutting soft produce, small items or if precise cutting is essential. to learn what most individuals are purchasing at the moment, have a look at the best kitchen knife set in the current industry! purchasing the very best kitchen knife set for your needs can be hard if you’re not mindful of the many qualities you need to search for.
the knives are created from 1095 steel and come with a superb heat therapy. in addition, every knife contains a ceramic blade that is meant to stay sharper for longer. fantastic control when using the knife is ensured, as a consequence of the handles made from polypropylene material, together with a smooth layout. today, there are plenty of forms of kitchen knife sets which you are able to use in the kitchen to get unique pursuits. the above selections are a couple of of the best selling and thoroughly recommended kitchen knife set to locate today. very good kitchen knives can be costly. luckily for you, there are a couple of terrific mid-range kitchen knife sets on the market.
in case you go searching for a knife you will find numerous knife models on the current market, the only approach to buy the perfect product is by thinking about the brand and nothing else, top brands use finest excellent material and offers high specifications on their merchandise. playing as an integral part in the kitchen, knives come in handy for several tasks, like cutting meat, chopping vegetables, slicing fruits and so forth. comfortable, non-slip grips you’ll be able to locate some fantastic superior knives for comparatively very low rates. possessing a great high quality knife for preparing food is crucial in the kitchen, thus we present to you the top 10 best kitchen knives in 2017 reviews that ought to help you choose the appropriate product to purchase for your requirements.
second, the knife collection provides you with a myriad of knives you are likely to need in your kitchen. buying a chef’s knife might be an intimidating undertaking. by brittany rowland knife sets can be a handy solution if you desire a thorough set of each of the vital tools but you don’t wish to spend a lot of money on each individual knife. although not a classic japanese shape, a range of the best bread knives on the planet are designed and made there.
best kitchen knife set – dead or alive?
blades do become dull after a definite period of time, and that means you need to locate a knife whose blade remains sharpened the longest. the blade is created out of damascus steel and the handle stainless steel, so it is a strong knife which should endure for several years. it’s very sharp it can cut through easily any ingredient. regardless of how some blades are advertised as universal, knowing the function of the various types can allow you to combine the best kitchen knife set for your kitchen. your serrated blades are excellent for cutting through breads, tomatoes, and so on. single-beveled blades may be custom made by means of a blacksmith for left-handed usage, and lots of manufacturers will create a left grind on request. try to remember that a kitchen knife should be quite straightforward to use and have a good blade.
life after best kitchen knife set
the way to select a kitchen knife set to start with finding the best kitchen knife collection, have a peek at what’s included. ensure you go for a pair which fits with the complete appearance of the kitchen and even earn a feature of the knives. if money’s an issue that’s best for you, you can put money into a more streamlined set which has a larger block into which you might add more knives later on. the knife sets are designed employing the very best higher quality material, which provides a long-term support. it should also offer a long-term warranty to guarantee you the safety of the knives.
sets are not every really rewarding, if you do not just want something which looks neat on the counter. so you picked the set that you’re proud to have on the monitor. as you are not likely to locate a set of farberware knives in the kitchen of the majority of chef’s world-wide, you’re getting a excellent blade for the purchase price.







october 13, 2019

playing with some sci-fi and fantasy name generators


fantasy name generators are one of the best ways to get your fiction out of a rut when you’re stuck. in just a few clicks, you can find hundreds of suggestions for character names that fit your story instead of being stuck on trying to choose a name for weeks or months when you could have been working on the plot.
think names aren’t that important? names can tell us where we come from, and some names have a history that spans across thousands of years.  just like names influence who we are, names can influence your characters, too. 
even if you don’t mention specific character history in your story, it helps you as the author to know that it’s there. especially for fantasy, it can help to create an entire history for your characters for added background – even if the reader never gets to see this background, it makes the writing process easier and cements your characters more as “people.” 
here are the things that your character’s name could influence within your story – and how to apply these as storytelling techniques to tell your tale better. 
fictional and made up: the same applies 
your characters have a whole history (and heritage) that isn’t necessarily part of your story, but definitely still exists inside it – and whether or not you mention this while writing your story, this history definitely exists, and admitting it to yourself while writing makes it a lot easier to see where the rest of your story is going. 
small details like where your character was born or grew up will influence some of the things they do, such as  their accent or area-specific terms they throw in – and even if you never mention the background, this still has just as much of an impact.
names and surnames 
fantasy name generators can be used for both names and surnames in your story. keep in mind that – at least in most fantasy and story universes, though yours might be a little different – names are usually chosen by parents, while surnames are entirely inherited. 
names have nicknames, and sometimes nicknames are based around surnames. 
where you find surnames that you use or like, research the name or surname to see in which fiction it might have been used before – and what the real-life history and chronology is for the name. 
names show trends
names can sometimes show trends. for example, a lot of people might have named their children dorothy in the first five years after the wizard of oz was big at the box office – and some parents might have gone out and called their children sunshine at the time where sunshine of your love was on the music charts. 
the same way in your story, names can sometimes be influenced by trends. (did the creatures in your story battle with the elves around the time the queen’s name was popular, for example? use this to be creative with your storyline or make it fit with real-life trends and timelines.)
names show our heritage
in real life and fiction, some surnames are traditional. what does your character’s surname show about their heritage, their family or where they come from? even where you’re creating your own fictional universe, thinking about the heritage of character names can be a great help.
names show our preferences
names can often show our preferences. some people are called nicholas but prefer to be called nick. some people will only call you by your full name when they’re angry at you. some people might change their names entirely because they don’t like their birth names. 
start with a fantasy name generator – and from there, think about what your name can mean for your characters.






october 2, 2019

one of the most neglected systems for finding the best coffee maker


you might use the cord storage of the machine to fasten the cord when you’re not employing the coffee maker. otherwise you must wake up, after that await the coffee to be ready and start the coffee maker. the point to take into consideration is how many individuals actually drink coffee within the workplace when it has to do with choosing the very best coffee maker for your workplace.
the capacity is thought about by while buying a coffee maker. for that reason, it’s important to purchase a coffee maker that is good. finest coffee makers automate the process the switch is tuned by you on. the best coffee maker for an outcome is one which has an outstanding home heating element.
getting the best coffee maker
some coffee makers will take a substantial amount of space and have a massive footprint. among the concerns that are critical you’ll make in choosing a coffee maker is the way many cups it’s going to brew. you don’t wish to need to acquire a coffee maker that is pricey for it to quit working because of a minor technicality but the spares are not simple to find. a coffee maker doesn’t need to bust the bank.
the very last thing which you would like to do when using your coffee maker with built-in grinder would be to should refer to the operator’s manual about every single time you go to utilize it. it will help folks although the day preprogramming coffee makers is not the best arrangement, furton explained. should you decide to purchase a double coffee maker, be certain it requires the shortest time possible to make excellent coffee and is efficient. moreover, dual coffee makers features and arrive in many designs that are unique, so you might find the brand . you go to utilize it if you get a enormous capacity coffee maker you are likely not very likely to need 10 to 14 cups of coffee each time.
coffee makers are provided by many manufactures and include a wide-range of attributes, so shopping for the perfect machine is truly important. purchasing the ideal coffee maker can be challenging. here are a couple of things if you’re set out to look to discover the ideal coffee makers. the best coffee maker is one which isn’t only present with technology but also user friendly and user-friendly. selecting the coffee maker with the alternatives as coffee makers’ collection is wide and dimensions is a tough job.
top best coffee maker secrets
if you would like to obtain a drip coffee maker, you will probably find one. a drip coffee maker is a means to produce huge amounts of coffee. drip coffee makers are for the most part amazing also. pros cons they are among the coffee makers in the market today.
coffee makers are created for both business and home use. as an issue of fact, they are part of our lifestyle. you wish to purchase a new one for the very first time, or if your coffee maker is faulty, we advocate a grind and brew coffee maker as the choice money can purchase. like with any product that you don’t just need to by the coffee maker with grinder you see on the shop shelf or on the internet.
the basics of using a best coffee maker
the coffee maker will go on to place the time necessary to grind. there are coffee makers out there which are priced but none is going to do the work equally well. stove best coffee makers, by way of example are rather cheap but the coffee can be great tasting.
you go searching for the best coffee makers. all 3 coffee makers are programmable which will allow you to set the finish time permit it to go. for that reason, it. coffee makers are extremely useful for homemakers. the coffee maker is one which has a amazing heating element. ensure the machine also will come with a warranty for replacement and you buy the best coffee maker from a manufacturer that is dependable should there be an issue. what follows are five of the perfect coffee makers worthy of assisting you get your caffeine fix that is everyday.
a startling fact about best coffee maker uncovered
pour vinegar in your coffee maker make it run through once. that doesn’t indicate it needs to be limited to that size while the 1 cup coffee maker allows you to make one serving. the aicok 12 cup coffee maker is worth your consideration since it features a whole lot of features for a very low price.













© 2025 mascots conference. all rights reserved.
theme by anders norén.










