



jockey club interactive registration

















































login
rulebook
registration
naming


tattoo
tattoo lookup


aftercare


tjc
the jockey club







my account

registration status
registration center
fees payment
customer profile
naming history
change my password 



register my foal

overview 
rule book
fee schedule
dna sampling
how to id a thoroughbred
tips on photographs



submit

report of mares bred
live foal report
no foal report
registration application
e-service certificate
transfer ownership
change address 



other links

retired from racing
 contact us
thoroughbred aftercare alliance
thoroughbred connect
the jockey club checkoff program
breeding statistics
frequently asked questions
microchip faq












interactive registrationtm help desk
frequently asked questions






the basics

          
              
                   
          
             
            
            contact us



interactive registration extras

how to identify a thoroughbred
overview of registration process
fee schedule
rule book
dna sampling
tips on photos
faq
the jockey club checkoff program
microchip faq
thoroughbred aftercare alliance faq
thoroughbred connect
transferred as retired from racing faq
tattoo lookup general information
tattoo faq
submit tattoo research form
the jockey club identification app
the jockey club naming app
report of mares bred
digital certificate faq
traceability initiative faq
home
back to help desk





answers to frequently asked questions:


1. what is the deadline to register a thoroughbred foal?

                    thoroughbred foals may be registered at any time provided 
                    all requirements listed in the principal rules and requirements 
                    of the american stud book are satisfied. to avoid late fees, 
                    the jockey club should receive all materials within 12 months 
                    of the date of foaling. registration fees cover the cost of 
                    genetic typing, parentage verification and corrections made 
                    to the certificate of foal registration within six (6) months 
                    from the date of issuance. refer to the fee schedule for
                    a full description of fees.

2. why do i not always receive my first name choice for 
                    my thoroughbred?

                    to avoid confusion on the racetrack and in the breeding industry, 
                    the jockey club has established rules
                    for naming thoroughbreds. these rules help prevent duplication 
                    of names already in use or names of horses which enjoyed distinguished 
                    careers on the racetrack or breeding farm. all names submitted 
                    to the jockey club for approval are subjected to stringent 
                    review to assure names requested are not similar in spelling 
                    or pronunciation to those names already in use. approximately 
                    450,000 names are unavailable either because they are in current 
                    use or protected because of historical significance. however, 
                    approximately 75% of first name choices submitted are approved 
                    by the jockey club. the fastest way to name your thoroughbred 
                    is through interactive registrationtm, which features 
                    an online
                    names book which is updated continuously.
3. how is the parentage of my thoroughbred verified?


                    in 2001, the jockey club switched from blood typing to dna 
                    typing for parentage verification. although blood typing was 
                    state-of-the-art for many years, dna typing is 99.9% efficacious. 
                    this high rate provides the greatest assurance modern science 
                    has to offer for the integrity of the american stud book. 
                    the genetic testing laboratories under contract by the jockey 
                    club compare the genetic factors present in the sire and dam 
                    to those factors present in the foal. these comparisons indicate 
                    whether the sire and dam reported do indeed qualify as the 
                    sire and dam of the foal.

4. how do i transfer ownership on my horse?

                    if the horse is already registered, submit a completed transfer 
                    of ownership form signed by the new owner or agent listing 
                    the new ownership information, the horse's name, pedigree 
                    and date of purchase.
                    
          forms submitted via interactive registration do not require 
                      a signature.
                    


                    if the registration is still in progress and papers have 
                      not issued, simply supply the correct ownership information 
                      in the spaces provided on the various forms utilized by 
                      the jockey club. for example, the live foal report and application 
                      for registration can be used to report the ownership of 
                      a horse for which the papers have not yet issued.
                    

                    the back of the certificate of foal registration provides 
                      a number of blank spaces to record transfers of ownership 
                      when thoroughbreds are bought and sold. the jockey club 
                      encourages all breeders and owners to faithfully record 
                      ownership transfers on the back of the certificate of foal 
                      registration before the thoroughbred changes hands. 
                    

                    to assure that future correspondence concerning the thoroughbred 
                      is mailed to the correct address, the jockey club encourages 
                      owners to report transfers of ownership to the registry 
                      by either logging onto interactive registration and selecting 
                      "transfer ownership" or by calling the registry 
                      office and requesting a transfer of ownership form. 
                    

                    although the term "ownership" is used, keep 
                      in mind the jockey club does not purport to maintain accurate 
                      and up-to-date records of ownership on thoroughbreds. rather, 
                      the transfer of ownership information is necessary to assure 
                      registry correspondence concerning the thoroughbred reaches 
                      the appropriate parties responsible for transacting business 
                      with the registry.
                      

                    the jockey club will not release the ownership information 
                      regarding a particular horse unless requested by order of 
                      a racing or court authority. 
                    
                    no fee is required to transfer ownership and do not 
                    return the certificate of foal registration.


5. how can i replace my horse's papers that were lost?

                    complete a duplicate certificate form and submit the following 
                    to the jockey club:  
 four (4) color photographs clearly indicating all identifying 
                        markings taken from the front, rear and both sides. if 
                        no identifying markings are present, please submit a fifth 
                        (5th) photograph of a close-up of the face indicating 
                        all cowlicks present

 bill of sale from owner or other form of proof of ownership. 
                        


 notarized statement from the owner or authorized agent 
                        describing in detail how the certificate of foal registration 
                        was lost or destroyed. 


 duplicate fee (see fee
                        schedule). 


6. how can i get a pedigree and race record for my horse?

          for a free 5-cross pedigree and to order reports such as race records and progeny records,
          visit equineline.com, the online thoroughbred information
          service of our subsidiary, the jockey club information systems inc. (tjcis). for free entries,
          results, charts and other information, use the horse search feature at equibase.com,
          the thoroughbred industry's official database for racing information. 
          


                    need additional information on registering your thoroughbred? 
                    please contact the jockey club registration services department 
                    at (859) 224-2700 or 1-800-444-8521. 


is this enough information?
yes, please return me to the last page i visited.

no, i'd like to fill out a feedback form and receive additional help.






proprietary to and copyright © 2025 the jockey club. all rights reserved.
		republication or redissemination of the contents of this screen are expressly prohibited without the written
		consent of the jockey club. use (including viewing) of the material contained herein constitutes acceptance of these terms.
		for more information please refer to the terms of use agreement you have already agreed to. the provisions of our privacy policy have changed.
		by continuing to access or use registry.jockeyclub.com or thoroughbredconnect.com, you agree to be bound by the updated privacy policy.
		if you do not wish to be bound by the new privacy policy, you may not access or use registry.jockeyclub.com or thoroughbredconnect.com.
		






