












home | university of toronto libraries







































      skip to main content
    









university of toronto libraries


university of toronto libraries




feeling distressed?



 my accountaskhoursdonateu of t








main navigation


help with ...


studying and learning


research and publishing


teaching and classroom support




find and borrow


find books, articles, media and other formats


explore our unique collections


borrow library resources


request items from other libraries


technology loans


suggest a title




visit us


libraries and hours


study spaces and carrels


wifi and computers


copy, print and scan


tours


members of the public




about us


 welcome from library leadership


staff directory


mission statement and values


inclusion, diversity and equity statement


anti-racism statement


strategic plan


policies and guidelines


news


support the libraries


work with us


contact us




 search





















 







exploring the hidden stories of books
how the andrews gift will support book science research and innovation at utl



 







solving the 108-year-old mystery of the somme flower
thanks to the collaborative efforts at utl the heartbreaking mystery of the somme flower has been solved.



 







open access journal search tool
university of toronto libraries now offering open access journal search tool



















home



using the library


chat loading...

chat with a librarian
chat with a librarian
click the button to get immediate research help!  [hours]



	libraries

	faqs

	due dates | fines
 
	robarts stacks

	study rooms
 
	borrowing

	course reserves

	wifi | computers

	print, copy, scan




research and teaching



databases
popular | by title | by subject a-z


research and course guides
research advice, useful tools, and the best resources for your needs curated by librarians.


research and publishing
services to help you with all facets of your research: finding materials; discovering resources; and managing your publications and research data.


copyright and syllabus services
support for course readings, syllabi, publishing, and open access.



research and teaching


research and course guides
research advice, useful tools, and the best resources for your needs curated by librarians.


researcher support
services to help you with all facets of your research: finding materials; discovering resources; and managing your publications and research data.


copyright and syllabus services
support for course readings, syllabi, publishing, and open access.






utl news




 

two birds grow old together: the story of a wedding heirloompublished february 13th, 2025by: alison lang, utl newsamong the many significant and beautiful works of art in the holdings… read more
 

brain matters: the de cerebro exhibit launches at the fisherpublished: january 30th, 2025by: alison lang, utl newsemily dickinson once wrote that the brain is deeper than the sea - and… read more
 

the living library of a towering tibetan scholar: the lobsang p. lhalungpa collection comes to the eal  published: december 11, 2024by: alison lang, utl newsgrowing up in the 1960s in delhi, india, samphe lhalungpa… read more



more utl news




online books
places to find ebooks


	library catalogue online books

	u of t books on internet archive

	scholars portal books

	jstor books

	elsevier science direct

	springer

more ebooks collections



workshops



18 feb
student journal forum 2025


19 feb
student journal forum 2025


20 feb
student journal forum 2025


24 feb
library ai playdate: explore tools and share feedback – gerstein library


24 feb
an introduction to programming for absolute beginners using python: part 1


more workshops




celebrate 50 years of fort book

celebrate fifty years of fort book
since opening its doors in 1973, robarts library has stood as a beacon of enlightenment, evolving alongside the changing tides of time. your support allows us to stay at the forefront of knowledge, propelling breakthroughs that redefine what's possible for the next 50 years and beyond.








 we are open. welcome back!  
new: fall 2021 library services, resources, & facilities updates  |  open status of libraries  |  library health & safety  |  u of t covid-19 faqs  

accessible alternatives re: construction at gerstein's main entrance.
please complete a ucheck self-assessment before coming to campus.

















helpful links

library home 
renew items and pay fines
library hours 
ask 
report online resource problem
site map
quercus



libraries

all libraries
robarts
gerstein
oise
engineering & computer science
u of t mississauga library
u of t scarborough library
information commons



support the libraries

our priorities
donate 
donate rare items and collections
become a friend of the fisher 
legacy gift
contact the advancement office



find us
university of toronto libraries
130 st. george st.,toronto, on, m5s 1a5
get library help | 416-978-8450 
 key contacts

  twitter
  youtube
  instagram
 threads

 


university of toronto libraries - since 1892







chat loading...




key contacts | web accessibility | online privacy and data collection
©university of toronto. all rights reserved.






















































