

deutsche bank research - economic cycle,growth trends, economic policy, finance sector, regulation - deutsche bank research




































































































information
	when you access this link, you are leaving the deutsche bank website. the information provided on any websites accessed through this link has been produced by independent providers and deutsche bank does not endorse or accept any responsibility for information provided on any such sites. any opinions or recommendations expressed on such other websites are solely those of the independent providers and are not the opinions or recommendations of deutsche bank. the existence of a link from this deutsche bank page to any other such websites does not constitute a recommendation or other approval by deutsche bank of such websites or any provider thereof. with the following buttons, you accept or reject the above-mentioned information.

	the page xxxx will be opened when you continue. 

don't show this message anymore for -continuecancelinformationguest

you will be logged out of your session in 180seconds due to inactivity. 

	continue session

	your session has timed out due to 30 minutes inactivity!

	continue with new session

    



 

 

media
careers
investor relations
research
responsibility
contact


 


 










advanced search





login




de
deutsch





contact





cookies




homeproducts & topicsabout ussubscriptionresearch client website


podzept
 

us economic insights:an early look at the trump economy play podcast
special topiccapital markets in europemore
podzeptmaking sense of space:
a true voyager
 

play podcast










you are here:
home

researchhome



february 12, 2025q&a with marion mühlberger and ursula waltherwith ten days to go until the german elections, we interviewed marion mühlberger and ursula walther from our germany economics team on potential election outcomes and the likelihood of fiscal regime change after the elections. online pdf114k
breadth, depth and originalityai in 2025: 25 themes in 25 memesfebruary 10, 2025thematic researchif a picture is worth 1,000 words, this chart book should save you from reading 25,000 of them. this counts for something when so many millions of words have been written about the surprise arrival of china’s deepseek ai model. [more]us economic chartbook: tariffs primerjanuary 20, 2025thematic researchin this chartbook we explore the history of us trade protectionism and the legal pathways to trade actions.  we also provide a comprehensive review of the last trade war, including its economic impact. [more]automotive industry: eu penalties another potential challengedecember 17, 2024focus europethe automotive industry in europe still suffers from weak domestic car demand and low capacity utilization. the sector has announced massive layoffs. [more]property market in 2025: no new boom but higher prices aheaddecember 12, 2024germany blogafter the interest rate shock-induced price correction in 2022 and 2023, all asset classes stabilized or began recovering in 2024. we anticipate this positive price trend to continue, with nominal prices rising roughly in line with inflation. [more]macro, markets & tech - a guide for cfos & corporatesdecember 10, 2024corporate bank researchwe're pleased to launch our first guide for cfos and corporates, providing essential insights into macroeconomics, markets, and technology. [more]schlepping on: the outlook for 2025december 9, 2024focus germanygermany is looking back at another year of economic weakness. this is not so much a cyclical recession as structural stagnation that started well before the pandemic. the outlook for 2025 is only somewhat better. [more]more articles
listen to our podcastslisten to our podcasts 

play podcastjanuary 30, 2025us economic insights: an early look at the trump economy(20:03 min)with the new trump administration moving quickly in its early days, pam finelli, coo and head of fixed income research, brett ryan, senior us economist, and matthew luzzetti, chief us economist discuss the most important actions impacting markets and the global economy.download audio file (27mb)
more podcastsus consumer pricesfebruary 13, 2025 please wait - loading video  

watch videoai in 2025: beyond deepseekfebruary 11, 2025 please wait - loading video  

watch videomore dbinsights












you are here:
home

 
back to top




twitter
facebook
linked in
xing
rss feed


last login:  



imprint


legal notice


data privacy statement


cookies



 copyright © 2025 deutsche bank ag, frankfurt am main 







40.0.0



