










tesla purple plates and disc | kinesiology techniques london







































































































 








 











skip to content



 

















 

			no results		











 

home
products

kinesiology

contents by technique
contents arranged alphabetically


tesla purple plates and discs
track order
past sales


about us
blog
contact us














						login					

						sign up					





username or email address



password








remember me


			forgot password?		



			log in
			












username



email



			a link to set a new password will be sent to your email address.		
your personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our privacy policy.



			register
			












username or email address




			get new password
			









						← back to login					




















loading...










020 8653 2751


 




		same day shipping & price match guarantee	










home
products

kinesiology

contents by technique
contents arranged alphabetically


tesla purple plates and discs
track order
past sales


about us
blog
contact us



search

login


shopping cart£0.00

0 





		same day shipping & price match guarantee	










menu


















kinesiology & purpleplates 



welcome to my corner of the internet where you can purchase “kinesiology – a compendium of techniques” and tesla purple plates. 





hello everyone! 



great news - our website is officially back online! we deeply appreciate your patience during our extended downtime. our top priority has always been the security of your data and maintaining your trust. the delay was due to meticulous efforts in securely migrating data from our old system to a newly enhanced platform. thank you for your understanding and continued support! 



16th jan 2023 - alan  











our products 












kinesiology – a compendium of techniques – 2nd edition
£80.00
rated 5.00 out of 5kinesiologyadd to basket 



genuine tesla purple plates and discs – small plate
£26.99
add to basket 



genuine tesla purple plates and discs – large plate
£74.99
add to basket 



genuine tesla purple plates and discs – large disc
£15.99
add to basket 



















 




							same day shipping						


						order by 12 noon, ship today!*					









 




							price match guarantee						


						spot a better price? we'll match it!					









 




							100% payment secure						


						your payment are safe with us					












about us 



in 1991, i visited a health show trying different things. one of them was kinesiology. i was curious to know why the person on the stand was able to move my arms and legs around without my control? so to find out, i joined a weekend course in kinesiology. one thing led to another and i qualified in 1992 with the association of systematic kinesiology.after collecting a few years’ worths of dr sheldon deal’s seminars, i wanted it all organised in one volume, and the first edition was written. a few more years have passed since then and i have updated and expanded the first edition with the latest techniques to help kinesiologists. 








best price 











i’ve done my best to price the tesla purple plates so that they are the best value to anyone in the uk. 





best quality 











these are the original tesla purple plates as mentioned by linda goodman and dr. joshua stone. 





track orders 











orders are posted from the uk and you can track your order online. 





secure payments 











pay securely with your credit/debit card, google pay and apple pay or by bank transfer. 











 





£80.00 



kinesiology – a compendium of techniques – 2nd edition 



this is a compendium of kinesiology techniques from the academy of systematic kinesiology taught by dr. sheldon deal n.m.d, d.c. with this book, i hope to make all the information more accessible to practitioners in kinesiology. the book has 615 diagrams to help explain the techniques. 







 
buy now















 





techniques of kinesiology 






 




							expertly curated kinesiology wisdom						


						immerse yourself in a meticulously compiled collection of kinesiology techniques derived from years of insightful lectures by dr. sheldon deal n.m.d., d.c. this book distills extensive knowledge from seminars, courses, and authoritative sources, providing you with a rich and accessible resource.					









 




							comprehensive and visual learning						


						experience a profound learning journey through over 500 pages of enriched content, supported by 615 expertly crafted diagrams. explore a diverse range of techniques, from muscle testing insights to acupressure points, offering both breadth and depth to your kinesiology practice.					









 




							structured accessibility and practical application						


						navigate effortlessly through organized sections, swiftly locating techniques relevant to your practice. benefit from the author's 18-month commitment to refining and expanding content, ensuring an authoritative guide. enhance your kinesiology expertise with practical strategies, vital insights, and a comprehensive glossary.					











 



some orders sent out 



if you are interested in a different delivery service than what i have in the delivery options, let me know, and i will give you a 50% discount off the shipping for being the first customer of that service. 

















royal mail tracked 48 – 8 day delivery 

for those waiting for a delivery, although the royal mail service says tracked 48, i’ve had a recent 8-day delivery and i’m sorry to say it is not ‘lost’ until 11 days after posting. i’ve had items arrive 3 weeks after posting!!!













some orders sent out for october 2024 

thank you to everyone who ordered from me in october. i had to refund one person who placed an order from the us and then discovered there was a seller for purple plates in the us.













some orders sent out for september 2024 

thank you to all those who ordered in september. i had one order from australia and one order from the us 🙂.













some orders sent out for august 2024 

thank you to all those who ordered over the summer.













some orders sent out for july 2024 

thank you to everyone who ordered in july. the screenshot looks suspicious because the shipment status is expired. i did contact the person and they confirmed both orders arrived 🙂













some orders sent out for june 2024 

thank you to everyone who purchased from me in june 2024.













order sent out for may 2024 

so i missed sending this one out by royal mail special delivery so i refunded all the postage. they also wanted it sent by first class post to a different address that had no one to sign for it, therefore there is no tracking number for this order.













some orders sent out for april 2024 














some orders sent out for march 2024 














some orders sent out for february 2024 














some orders sent out for january 2024 

thank you so much to those who ordered when my website came back online.













some orders sent out for september 2023 

these are the orders i sent out before the website went for a redesign and the problems with the back end shut down the site.













some orders sent out for august 2023 

thank you to everyone who trusted me with your order; august has been a great month.













some orders sent out for july 2023 














some orders sent out for june 2023 














some orders sent out for may 2023 














some orders sent out for april 2023 














some orders sent out for february 2023 

some people have received their orders as expected but others are taking much longer. my mum...













some orders sent out for january 2023 

there are postal disruptions, especially to oversea destinations with royal mail due to a cyberattack...













some orders sent out for december 2022 

one order was so delayed that i resent the order while making a lost parcel claim from the post office...











 








clients testimonials 








as you know, kinesiology is not my only therapy, and therefore i don’t use it 100% of the time, now when i do need to use it i can be so much more effective because i can always find the answer easily.i know i am a good kinesiologist in my own way but seeing the book has made me realise how much i had forgotten! one of the reasons i had stopped using some of the techniques was because i had no diagrams to remind me, now i have.thank you for all your hard work in producing this book. an invaluable tool.cyla higley homoeopath, kinesiologist, reflexologist and acupuncturist with 17 years of experience  the first thing that strikes one is the fact that the compendium contains many, many illustrations. the illustrations are clear and easy to understand. the combination of text and illustrations adds a new dimension to easy learning and understanding to many of the techniques.the second thing to be noticed is the sheer number of techniques and procedures covered in this compendium. contributions have been added from many sources with accreditation to those concerned. the compendium is simply and clearly indexed and cross-references occur regularly throughout the text.this is a book to have. it provides a great deal of information and enables new techniques to be part of one’s treatment. the compendium has been updated from the previous edition and alan lam obviously has been able to offer simplicity and more clarity to his previously already marvellous book. this is a reference book to have for all kinesiologists.i take great delight in endorsing this wonderful reference on kinesiology.john logue ask committee member, uk guild of hypnotist examiners committee member, masters in neuro-linguistic-programming (nlp), full-time kinesiologist with 10 years experience as a therapist  dear alan, thank you for sending me your updated compendium of techniques so quickly. i am happy to be able to confirm that it surpasses the previous book i had in all ways, and that says a lot in itself.i call your book the “ultimate test kit”. it is with me by the treatment table and on all my teaching trips. i can find very easily any technique i need and because of your cross reference many techniques i had not remembered. it is precise and concise and therefore extremely useful. it saves me from referring to so many notes and papers, saves me a lot of time, all the charts we use are there with information for my clients, etc.it obviously contains the best kinesiology information that is, the sources are impeccable as are the design and the graphics. we are all so fortunate that you have chosen to use your great skills to our benefit.thank you very muchbrian miller a member of the academy of systematic kinesiology for 11 years, initial council member of the association of systematic kinesiology (ask), and initial advisor to the kinesiology national occupational standards authority england. co-founder of the whole health centre london, the coveyheugh project scotland, body management systems and functional kinesiology uk and europe  this second edition of ‘kinesiology; a compendium of techniques’ represents a quantum leap from the first edition. many of the techniques, such as cranial corrections, are now accompanied by really detailed graphic reproductions making written instructions and information 100 per cent clearer and easier to understand. for the individual kinesiologist to use personally or as a teaching aid this edition is a must.geoff powell full-time kinesiologist/stress management counsellor with 15 years of experience  i would highly recommend this book to anyone who has an interest in kinesiology. i use this book constantly as a source of reference. with the best will in the world, everyone falls into a routine. this book helps me break out of that rut. it is very easy to pick up and use.trevor gale trustee of ask, full-time kinesiologist with 9 years of experience  fantastic, your clients deserve this book. it’s helped me become a more effective therapist. it reminds you of the techniques you’ve forgotten you knew. tremendous value – a must-havelincoln coutts kinesiologist in full-time practice for the last 8 years  









latest blogs 






















the magic of tesla’s purple energy plates 

 
may 6, 2022
 

imagine owning an object that had the power to change for better the water you drink, the food...













linda goodman’s star signs 

 
may 6, 2022
 

we’ve already learned that each material object and each human being vibrates to an individual frequency of angstrom units (light waves) per...













purple positive energy plate from “beyond ascension” 

 
may 6, 2022
 

one of the most extraordinary tools i have found to raise my overall energy and even my light quotient...













comments from the inventor of the purple harmony plates 

 
may 6, 2022
 

“the hunza people have lived for centuries in a very remote area high up in the himalayan mountains...













the universal energy of vibrations 

 
may 6, 2022
 

in 1942 the famous scientist dr. nikola tesla said, “if you want to find the secrets of the universe, think in terms of energy, frequency...













positive energy plates 

 
april 28, 2022
 

they function as transceivers … creating a field of energy around themselves that will penetrate any material substance. this energy is very beneficial...













energy innovation products 

 
april 22, 2022
 

the utilization of “free energy” has been applied to the design and development of a series of practical products for home and commercial use...
















									orders received by 12 noon are shipped the same day*.if you order after 12 noon and want it posted on the same day then please contact me.								







 
contact













newsletter subscribe 



please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.email *subscribe  










order by 12 noon, ship today!** subject to illness, technical glitches, peak demand periods, cat computer takeover**, etc.** cat computer takeover: should our tech-savvy cat get its paws on the keyboard, your order might experience a temporary feline-induced delay. 


























royal mail tracked 48 – 8 day deliverypositive energy platesthe universal energy of vibrationscomments from the inventor of the purple harmony plates



welcome to my corner of the internet where you can purchase “kinesiology – a compendium of techniques” and tesla purple plates.order by 12 noon, ship today!*orders received by 12 noon are shipped the same day. if you order after 12 noon and want it posted on the same day then please contact me.newsletter subscribeplease enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.email *subscribe useful linkshome
about us
blog
contact usproductskinesiology a compendium of techniques 2nd edition
tesla purple plates and discs
large plate
small plate
large discimportant linksprivacy policy
terms & conditions
shipping options
price match guarantee
track ordercontact info








                    address: 

                    212 whitehorse lane, london se25 6ux
                









                    phone: 


                        020 8653 2751
                    













                    email: 


loading...








copyright © alan lam - all rights reserved | powered by fast ranking


 











































