




welcome to annie's home page!



welcome friends
to
annie's home page 





the place to come for encouragement!
it's where you can be refreshed by the word of god.



7/23/2014 - a note from annie's son jake - today, at about 4pm, i received a call telling me that my mom, 
annie, had passed away. at this time, we don't really know any specifics, but i wanted to share this sad news 
with 
anyone who frequents her site.  a few years back, as a christmas gift, i purchased this domain name
through 2020, so this site will remain online as a reminder of what my mom created. i have set up a
new email address for condolences if you would like to send them to our family.

with love, jake


 
"every good gift
and every perfect gift is from above, and cometh down from the
father of lights,
with whom is no variableness, neither shadow of turning."
~james 1:17~


here are a few of the programs that my son recommended and i
thought you might want to use them too:
chrome browser with the ad blocker program. 
i totally value his opinion regarding the computer so i thought i
would share them with you!




september's melody 


  
   
   
  
  
annie's september holiday page & annie's
"september verse a day" page
annie's 2012 holidays by date page
for all the different pages visit: annie's list of foreign languages
pages
annie's testimony page & annie's chronic pain & illness
page
annie's "how to cope
with grief and the holidays" page - this page has some
practical ideas on how to make it through the holidays. there is
a section with
ways to help someone who is grieving too.


hugs
and flowers are wonderful ways of saying how much you love family
and friends!
everyone loves to give and receive flowers!! i know that i love
getting them.
so stop by proflowers to see what a fabulous selection of flowers
they have!
proflowers is a phenomenal place to send flowers!
stop by and see my page about flowers: annie's flower page


"blessed
[be] god, even the father of our lord jesus christ, the father of
mercies, and the god of all comfort; who comforteth us in all
our
tribulation, that we may be able to comfort them which are in any
trouble,
by the comfort wherewith we ourselves are comforted of god."
~2 corinthians 1:3-4~

 
"the story of every great
christian achievement
is the history of answered prayer."
e. m.
bounds


free rice game
give
free rice to hungry people by playing a
simple word game.
free rice - for each vocabulary word you get
right.
it is pretty amazing that you can help others by just 
playing a word game while building your own vocabulary.


9/13 - thank you all for your
continued prayers for me and my
family! dad is doing well right now. he is still having some
balance problems but
able to walk in the house without the walker. he of course still
has to deal with his dementia but that is a daily thing for mom
and him to deal with too.
mom's parkinson's
disease medication seems to be helping her
and she is also taking a sitercise exercise class. looks like her
weight is too low again so just
add that to the prayer list for her please. i still deal with the
rsd and crps
and some other chronic illnesses that you can't see. i am
diabetic now too.
please continue to pray about that for me. thank you so much for
your continued prayers and encouragement. just knowing that you
are praying is so
comforting to me! history - it was about six years ago that dad
had quadruple bypass surgery and an endarterectomy. he has had
many small strokes since then.
dad still has the blockage in the other side of the neck and the
blockage in the basillary artery but they are pretty much
controlled by medication now.


help
donate free bibles by just a click of your mouse!
you
can donate bibles to persecuted christians worldwide. it's quick,
easy and free!
click
here
--- once there: make sure you click on "donate
bibles it's free click
here" this
will open up in a new window so just click then close it!


"teach me to be patient
in everything i do,
content to trust your wisdom
and to follow after you."
~helen steiner rice~




stop
by and visit my: annie's teatime page


what
is a christian
and how can you become one?

just
click on the key above to find out how!


i love this graphic above and i love bee-ing a christian too!
stop by and see a related page of mine called:
how to
"bee" an internet missionary!


"the
lord is good, a strong hold in the day of trouble;
and he knoweth them that trust in him."
~nahum 1:7~


"don’t belittle your potential through unhealthy
comparisons with
others. see yourself as god has made you--a one-of-a-kind
creation with a combination of gifts and opportunities
that no one else has ever possessed."
~quoted from nehemiah notes~




"but the lord
said unto samuel, look not on his countenance, or on the
height of his stature; because i have refused him: for the lord
seeth
not as man seeth; for man looketh on the outward appearance,
but the lord looketh on the heart."
~1 samuel 16:7~


the
door is always open at annie's home page!
there
are no locks and no invitation is needed.
so if you are ever lonely and need a little encouragement
stop back by on a regular basis for some comfort
from the word of god!


i love america and love all our
veterans!!! we owe you all so very much!! thank you!!!
here is a link to my annie's
veteran's day page and near the bottom of
the page you can see all my other military related pages!!


"when
thou passest through the waters, i will be with thee; and through
the rivers, they shall not overflow thee: when thou walkest
through
the fire, thou shalt not be burned; neither shall the
flame kindle upon thee."
~isaiah 43:2~





annie's old index
        page

annie's
        featured holiday page

annie's holiday
        page

annie's
        featured page

annie's "featured
        page" page


email annie








the christian counter



new
counter started in april 2003 ranking
& directory page!
total site "page views"
from 11/7/99 until new counter was about 12.6 million!!! my site
was started in 1997
with one page! amazing what you can do with one page! copyright
1997 - 2011 annie's
home page. all rights reserved. i thank the lord for graphics
artists without them
these pages would not be the same. please visit annie's list of great graphics spots
for a list of their links. some graphics on this page from graphic garden and 
cute
colors members graphics & creative ladies ministry. silent
no right click script
from dynamic
drive.
for instructions on how to add the no right click script visit:
annie's "how to add silent no
right click script" page.
     
para un listado del
resto de mis páginas:

for a
listing of the all of my pages:



