




sunstar houseboats | houseboats for sale




















138 sunstar boulevard



monticello, kentucky, 42633



phone:â  606-348-6648



fax: 606-348-7522



contact us via e-mail at info@sunstarhouseboats.com








home
about us
custom houseboats

parts & supplies 
houseboat renovations/maintenance






now hiring click here to print application
please drop off at the office anytime monday through friday from 8:00am to 3:30pm or email it to info@sunstarhouseboats.com.


houseboat for sale click here for details!

























welcome to sunstar houseboats!

under new ownership ofbobby gehring, jr. !
houseboat renovations is a service offered at sunstar houseboats from repairing small damage to complete renovations. 
we   have recently expanded out services to better accommodate the needs of   our clients across the market.â  recently, we branched out to include houseboat transport as one of our services.â  should you need a houseboat or other large   boat moved from one location to another, sunstar houseboats is here to   help you.â  we have an extemely experienced team of movers, are fully   insured and have the capability to move your houseboat to any location   in the country. 
for   more than 16 years, sunstar houseboats has been manufacturing   houseboats for clients across the united states.â  with top-quality   craftsmanship, attention to detail and dedicated customer service,   sunstar housebaots has manufactured more than 275 houseboats over the   year and we proudly continue to make houseboat dreams come true.â  with   more than 100 years of combined experience in houseboat manufacturing,   the owners and staff at sunstar houseboats are committed to making your   houseboat dream a reality! custom houseboat manufacturing is the anchor of sunstar. we build each houseboat like it was our own.

custom houseboat manufacturing

learn more... 


latest houseboat move

learn more... 


sunstar houseboats is also a supplier of houseboat parts and accessories.â    let sunstar houseboats help you find virtually any part that you may   need for your houseboat.â  looking for new deck furniture or to update   the fabrics throughout your houseboat?â  we have an extensive samples   room that includes fabrics, carpets, granite, tile and other samples so   you can put the finishing touches on your houseboat.â  want to find new   deck furniture, or get additional pieces to match your current style?   sunstar houseboats can help you find exactly what you are looking for.â    in addition we can also help you repair or replace your canvas.â    regardless of the part or accessory you are looking for, sunstar can   help!
houseboat maintenance is yet another service offered by sunstar houseboats. we can service   your engine, replace parts, or provide general maintenance in house.
sunstar   houseboats really is a one-stop shop for all your houseboat needs.â    from top to bottom, from inside to outside, sunstar houseboats is here   to help you enjoy the houseboat of your dreams!



home | about us | custom houseboats | parts & supplies | houseboat renovations/maintenance
138 sunstar blvd | monticello, kentucky, 42633 | phone: 606-348-6648 | fax: 606-348-7522 | info@sunstarhouseboats.com

    copyright 2024 sunstar houseboats | sitemap | hosting & design by businessmasters.net




