






city health & fitness training – kettlebell workouts & online coaching
























		skip to content	



 



city health & fitness training
kettlebell workouts & online coaching

  
			scroll down to content		








posts





posted on june 5, 2024adjustable mace workout – the mace descent 


the “mace descent” is a 20-minute workout training with an adjustable mace.
perform six exercises and aim to complete all of the reps within the time limit or beat previous scores if unfinished.
the exercises include 100 reps of 10 and 2s, 80 reps of trailblazers, 60 reps of switch 360s, 40 reps of switch squats, 20 reps of 360 rotational uppercuts, and 10 reps of bondi swings.
rest as needed and resume the workout promptly, maintaining good technique throughout.
exercises

10 and 2s: cast mace over shoulder, finish at 2:00, keep elbows tucked.
trailblazers: switch hands side to side, focus on core engagement.
switch 360s: perform 360, switch sides, keep elbows tucked.
switch squats: cast mace, slide hands, perform squat, keep control.
360 rotational uppercuts: 360, pivot foot, uppercut, switch sides.
bondi swings: single arm 360, paddle row, squat, switch hands.

if you would like to learn more about maverick torque, check out: dangerously fit indian clubs.




posted on may 23, 2023the history of club training 

the steel clubbell, folks, it’s amazing, really tremendous. let me tell you, it’s a fitness tool that goes way back, all the way to the stone age. can you believe it? and now, it’s making a big comeback.
huge!
this clubbell, this steel clubbell, it’s a game-changer for physical training, believe me.
unlike those useless fitness accessories out there, this steel clubbell has real benefits, tremendous benefits. it can revolutionize the way people train, believe me. you’ve got this weighted globe, welded onto a long lever. and here’s the thing, the weight distribution is uneven, so it’s a real challenge. it’s one of the oldest fitness tools, but it’s not widely used yet in gyms. we need to change that, folks.
building strong shoulders with clubs has never been easier, trust me!
the benefits are tremendous, let me tell you. it’s great for shoulder resilience, grip strength, core strength, power, and those stabilizer muscles. it’s a total body workout, it teaches your body to work as a single unit. it strengthens the bond between joints and muscles, believe me. you won’t find anything like it.
now, because of the design, the weight feels heavier than those perfectly balanced dumbbells. but don’t worry, start with lighter weights and work your way up.
you’ll see progress, folks. it’s all about progress.
if you want to learn how to use this steel clubbell properly, you gotta consult the experts. there are great sources out there, like dangerously fit. they’ve got the training information, the videos, the articles. they know what they’re doing. trust me, you’ll be in good hands.
in ancient times, folks, let me tell you, men faced each other on the battlefield. they had swords, battleaxes, war-hammers, and heavy maces, deadly weapons, believe me.
but here’s the thing, folks, those weapons did more than just cause destruction. they gave the wielder incredible core strength and shoulder mobility. and let me tell you, that’s what we’re after in our modern world. we’re not just talking about smashing heads like squashed cantaloupes, no, no, we want that core strength and mobility.
credit: https://www.etsy.com/listing/1446078689/adjustable-mace-bell-bamboo-loadable
and that’s where the clubbell comes in, folks, it’s something special. it’s better than swords or war hammers, let me tell you why. you can adjust the weight quickly and easily, it’s fantastic. and i have to mention the maverick club, it’s a brand new, fully adjustable tool for warming up and clubbell-specific training. it’s tremendous!
now, let’s talk about who benefits from clubbell training. we’re not just saying everybody, although it’s great for everybody, folks. we’re talking about specific groups here. we’re talking about rotational sports like hockey, golf, tennis, lacrosse, baseball, and softball. those sports where you swing something, you know what i mean?
now, in these sports, there are muscular imbalances, unavoidable really. but let me tell you, those imbalances can affect your performance and lead to injuries, and we don’t want that. clubbell training, my friends, it helps minimize those imbalances, keeps you healthy, and boosts your performance in your sport. it’s a game-changer, believe me.
when it comes to warmups and preparation, clubbell training fits right into your strength training warmup. it’s fantastic, folks. you get a wide range of movements that bring so many benefits. but remember, safety and effectiveness are key.
so, you might be asking yourself… “where do i find such training tools”?
the answer is simple, go to google and search “clubbells on amazon“…. and you’ll find hundreds!




posted on september 12, 2021september 15, 2021kettlebell turkish get up the best exercise on the planet? 

a turkish wrestling team nearly 100 years ago set out to invent a functional training total-body kettlebell movement that would prime young athletes for competition – an exercise that builds stamina and flexibility, improves stability and strength.
for over a hundred years, turkish wrestlers have sought to create an exercise that will prime young athletes for competition. this total-body movement builds stamina and flexibility while improving stability and strength in all parts of the body – it’s perfect preparation!
the kettlebell turkish get-up was born. it’s a wrestler’s best friend and the key to unlocking an endless amount of possibilities in any sport that requires you be on your feet for long periods, like muay thai or wrestling!
the first thing one must do when executing this technique is lie flat with arms extended overhead, so they form two lines pointing towards ceiling while remaining as close together at shoulders without allowing them touch.
because if done incorrectly then there will not only feel pain but may also end up getting hurt even worse than before since it could lead into serious back injuries down the line which nobody wants right?
for those looking to get up off the ground, there is an exercise that will help. as kettlebell legend goes it was created by pavel tsatsouline who introduced kettlebell training into america and with just one single movement can be used for everything from weight loss or gaining muscle mass in your legs all while improving balance!
he sat back, crossed his arms and said “it’s all in the wrists. you can get up anytime you want.” the man looked to be around 50 years old but there was no mistaking that face – it’s pavel tsatsouline!

“as legend goes,” says this famous american kettlebell coach with a wealth-of knowledge on how best conduct oneself when fighting against gravity or not: “a guy walks into my gym who couldn’t complete one military press without dropping them both times; he did 20 rep squat chicano style before finally asking me if i had any advice for him.”
it’s a good thing kettlebell turkish get-ups haven’t been around for very long. if they had, the smartest people in fitness might have forgotten all about them by now i can only imagine what would happen if we were to embrace an exercise regimen that spans centuries and is still somehow as effective today!
the kettlebell get-up is an exercise that targets muscles in the body not usually developed through traditional strength training. it can help you achieve your fitness goals and build immunity to injury!
performing get-ups regularly will make you more powerful. the move is great for targeting muscles that traditional strength exercises leave out, and it can be done anywhere with just your body weight! i suggest you perform this movement with a powder coated kettlebell to give you better grip on the kettlebell.
get ups are the most intimidating obstacle course in bar space. it takes a certain level of courage, patience and skill to complete just one! but don’t worry — as with any new skills there’s always practice that makes you better at balancing an unwieldy metal orb above your head while going through seven steps (not including getting up).




posted on september 10, 2021september 15, 2021power bag hiit workout 

if you have ever thought about adding some variety to your workout, then power bags are an excellent way for those who want something more than just weights. sand is also great because it’s easy on the joints so even people without much experience can do them!
the many uses for power bags are limited only by your imagination. they can be used as a rebound in shooting ranges, or filled with water and kicked around on the beach to build up some tension before competition time begins!
a great way make any home gym more fun? try out this new addition—power bag have been proven effective across different types of athletes from olympic lifters right down casual backyard warriors like you an me.
power bags are a cool way to work on your grip and core while also getting some arm strength.
sand-filled canvas bags fill with sand that you can throw, pack down or pancake pounds out of them! you can do all sorts drills – even russian twist pushups if need be in order get those arms moving.
so what’s the catch?

no catches here friends — these things just plain old work.
it’s time to shake up your abdominal workout routine. why not try power bags? they’re a fun piece of equipment that will complement any home gym—and many forward-thinking gyms have them available as well!
when you think of workout gear, do they not make the perfect accessory?
power bags seem to be coming back in a big way.
this time around there’s no need for black nor green because instead we have pink sandboxes that are shiny and new!
power bags seem to have a strong comeback into the fitness world. i say it’s because they are actually not anything new—just coming back in a slightly different look (hello, pink shiny power bag!).
when i was in high school, we used to use power bags a lot. our coach had this great idea of cutting inner tube halves and filling them with sand so they would be tough enough for any exercise you could think of!
you should try it too if that sounds like something your workout needs, the best part is how simple these things can really get made from just an old spare tire around here (i’m never without one).
the power bag is a versatile tool that can be used for many things, including weight training and rehabilitation. here are some awesome reasons why you should workout with one:
* you get intense cardio workouts because of how much work your heart has to do when lifting them
* they offer an amazing full body resistance exercise without having find multiple items like free weights or discs; it’s just thrown over either shoulder!
this means no wasted movement while doing other exercises in order target specific areas on particular days.
full body multi-joint exercises are a great way to give your muscles all the benefits of heavy weights without sacrificing form. with these kinds of moves, you can do more work in less time and get faster results!
power bags in australia can be found online, make sure you choose a company that has many satisfied customers.
the best part about this workout is that you can take it with me anywhere. i wear the duffel bag on my shoulder as if it were a purse, and then when we get to our destination all of my worries are gone because there’s no more need for backpacks or purses!
with its small size, the self-focused design is perfect for those who want some quality outdoor time. you can take it with you on your morning walk or even use this machine outside at a park!
you’ll never be happier than when you take your new workout buddy outside for some fresh air and exercise. it can go with you anywhere, so it doesn’t matter if there are no facilities nearby!
you can use additional weight in your sandbag workouts. i love bodyweight exercises, but sometimes it’s nice to lift some heavier stuff! 80 pounds is a good starting point for me and the weights are adjustable–you just take one filler bag out if you want less resistance or put them back when desired level has been reached.




posted on august 25, 2020august 27, 2020keeping your kids fit and healthy with steel mace training 

wherever you are and whatever lifestyle you are following, it is important to know how to keep your kids fit and healthy. topping the list of tips for staying fit and healthy, are exercise and healthy eating. if you observe these two tips with commitment, the chances of your straying from good health are minimal. and if you need to lose weight for good, you probably want to start with a body transformation program.
  exercise
whenever you have free time, you should find a good place where you can run. whether in a park or a running trail, running is a great way to keep your kids fit. if you find running is a bit too energetic for you, you can walk at least one hour a day will help you to burn around 200 calories. any children’s personal trainer will advise you that besides other exercise routines you may be involved in, running or walking are great ways to help stay in shape. swinging the steel mace is also great, it will build your child’s grip strength and shoulder strength like nothing else. i tell all my clients to buy through dangerously fit macebells nz, the tend to have the best steel maces.
workouts
workouts are also a good way to keep kids fit, especially if the type of job you have is more sedentary. you can fix regular work out schedules at home, or better still, join a gym. routine workouts will help the body to stay fit, and if you find this difficult to stick to, you could use a kids personal trainer to keep you on track.
at times you may find it difficult to exercise on your own. it could become boring and repetitious. so you could also hire a personal trainer that knows how to train with the steel mace, or instead join some club or team where you will have company to work out with. in this way you might also gain new friends socially. if want to learn more about how to train with the steel mace, check out http://www.steelmace.co.nz/steel-clubbell/.

do your own cooking
this is the first thing your kids personal trainer will recommend if you are doing a 12 week challenge. so far we have been concentrating more on the  side of staying healthy. but healthy is as important. keeping healthy also means eating healthy. if you have to eat in a group (with family, colleagues, in a restaurant, etc.) you could end up eating food that is rich.
eaten on a daily basis, this type of rich food will definitely add to your kilos and bring on all kinds of health problems. so if it is possible you should try and do your own cooking. you can then concentrate on health foods that the body needs not necessarily what the body wants!
using less oil, going in for more fresh foods, fruits and vegetables and lean meats, all these will help you to not only keep your weight down, but also keep you in better shape. if you are not too sure of the types of food you should eat especially when exercising, check with an experienced personal trainer.
avoid smoking
one very important and destructive habit you can kick to stay healthy and fit, is smoking. if you find it difficult to kick this habit on your own, ask for help. there are many professionally-run institutions which will help you to quit smoking.
drink water
it is important to keep the body hydrated at all times. so drink plenty of water. if you have alcohol, ensure that you drink in moderation. at any time if you feel you are approaching addictional level you can always discuss ways and means to control such a situation with a personal trainer. such professionals have the experience and training to help people to stay fit and healthy.




posted on april 19, 2015may 23, 2023tips for taking your fitness instructor exams 

you may be a great fitness instructor but having the relevant fitness instructor certification will help you get ahead in your career. the practical experience will you better understand the requirements of being a thorough professional in this trade. but a few years into it, you should definitely pursue your certifications to improve your job prospects. if you have been considering taking your fitness instructor exams or are about to take it sometime soon, some tips may help you crack it with flying colours. here’s what you can keep in mind,
practice tests
get hold of as many practice tests as you can. ask other fitness instructors who have fitness instructor certifications in your place of work for additional reference material or old practice tests that can help. practice tests will help you to understand the test format and the kind of questions instructors are tested with. you can accordingly spend a few weeks practicing these answers before the final test. knowing your test format and the kind of questions that will come will help you to finish the test faster and gain confidence too.

practical help
if you have other instructors in your place of work with relevant fitness instructor certifications from nz.ptcertifications.com – personal training courses you can always ask them for practical help. ask them how they prepared and what they did to pass the exams. guidance from professionals will always help you get ahead faster.
take model tests
before you give the exams, try to take mock tests. time yourself and see what topics you aren’t being able to crack well. if you know your weak points before giving the exam, you will have adequate time to prepare yourself and crack the final exam.
study efficiently
efficient studying involves studying your text books and teaming it with practical experience. keep asking questions when you study. do not just refer to one resource to get your facts right. keep researching on other mediums online and other platforms to ensure you are well prepared by the end of it all.
a little at a time
a common mistake many people make when giving exams is cramming up at the last moment. and this affects their ability to take the exams well. it is important to prepare over a period of time and a little at a time. this will help you retain what you have learnt for longer.
understand the question
when taking mock exams, read and understand the questions well and prepare your answers in your head before writing them down. sometimes, people do not understand the question or don’t read it carefully enough. they end up writing unnecessary features in the answers or marking the wrong answer in a multiple-choice format as a result.
be patient
when practicing for your exams or when giving the exam, be patient. do not rush through your exam or study. this will help you succeed better in the exams.




posted on february 20, 2015september 15, 2021five benefits of hiring a personal trainer 

you must understand and realize the potential benefits of hiring a personal trainer as that will help you justify the financial investment involved. the greatest advantage of working with a qualified and fully-certified personal trainers in san diego is that it is the easiest, fastest and the most effective way to enhance your fitness levels and improve your health. the benefits of personal training has been established and acknowledged as such, it has extended well beyond the realm of the elites, the famous and the super rich. it is time you made lifestyle changes with san diego workout.
achieve your goals
personal trainers help you to define precisely your fitness goals. a fitness trainer would assess your fitness level and discuss with you what you actually desire to attain through your fitness regimen. you may have ideas about the fitness objectives and goals who wish to attain. however, fitness pro would be able to set smaller, specific and more realistic objectives for you. he would be vigilant and would constantly track your progress.

customized workout
personal trainers assess your fitness levels and fitness goals thoroughly and create a personalized workout /fitness plan for you. the specific workout plan is tailored to your unique requirements. this customized plan generates effective results as compared to a general or a standard workout plan. a qualified fitness professional is able to evaluate your physical condition and has an idea of your clinical background. he is therefore, able to chalk out a program that is best-suited to your individual needs.
encouragement and motivation
what we usually lack most is the encouragement and the motivation to hit the gym and that is what personal trainers are supposed to be doing for you. the shouts, the yelling all this seem to be pretty intimidating, but in reality the fitness expert is constantly keeping you motivated. this source of encouragement proves to be extremely fruitful for you. when you are working out on your own, you lack motivation. regular personal training sessions are great for enhancing your motivation and keeping your spirits high. there is a constant support and motivation that inspires you to do better and to hang on despite all odds. you get a feeling of immense satisfaction to demonstrate the progress you have made, to the fitness pro.
proper instruction
a professional trainer devotes his time and attention to teaching you proper way to carry out all the exercises that are included in your fitness regimen. he may at first demonstrate the movement thereafter, would scrutinize while perform it. he gives you corrective advice instantly if he finds any issues regarding techniques and posture. you must learn to do the workouts in the correct manner to rule out the possibility of any injury. now you would be adept at performing these exercises alone at the gym or at home.
accountability
total commitment to a regular workout plan is the need of the hour, if you wish to stay fit and healthy. when you are working out on your own there is lack of enthusiasm and commitment. you tend to skip a session here and there. there is no one to justify your actions to. when you hire a san diego personal trainer, he is there to hold you responsible or accountable for your slip ups. a certified personal trainer knows how to keep you perpetually on your toes. his job is to keep you motivated and ensure that you stick religiously to the training schedule




posted on january 28, 2015september 15, 2021rhynoplasty auckland for your looks improvement 

rhynoplasty is a plastic surgery procedure better known as the nose job. with rhynoplasty you can correct and improve the looks and condition of your nose. usually, nose job is preformed when someone has certain nose irregularities and deviations, and in some other cases, this plastic surgery intervention is preformed in order to boost someone’s looks.
nose job is one of the most popular plastic surgeries, and it can be done all around the world. if you are from australia, you can perform rhynoplasty for your looks improvement. auckland is a huge city, and you will for sure find the best possible new zealand plastic surgeon to visit, and finally change the look of your nose.
if you are planning to do a nose job procedure, you have to know several facts about it. this particular plastic surgery procedure is usually done under the local anesthesia or under the general anesthesia.
you will have to spend some period of time in the hospital or medical center you chose to go. usually, you have to stay up to two days, and after that you will go home. period of recovery will last for some period of time, and during that period, the area under your eyes and your nose will be completely swollen, and your face will be bruised. that is only just for a couple of days, but with cold compress you can reduce the swelling.
the pain is something completely normal after the nose job, and in the case of severe pain your doctor will probably prescribe some kind of pain medication to help you to reduce that pain and feel better. when the period of recovery is over, you will be able to enjoy in your new and improved looks. your nose will look exactly how you always wanted and that is the best part of the rhynoplasty.

a nose job is usually performed for two types of reasons. the first reason is when person wants to fix certain irregularities or deviation of their nose, especially if they can not breathe properly trough their nose. the other situation is when the person simply wants to change the looks of the nose, because it is curvy or too big. with a proper nose job plastic surgery procedure, all of that can be fixed. it is not important what type of reason leads you to consider having a nose job. if you want to change something, you can do it.
how much does rhinoplasty cost in auckland? there are so many different plastic procedures today, and about most of them you can read from the newspapers and tabloids, especially because celebrities are the most often visitors of the plastic surgeons especially in hollywood. most of them are deciding to go and ask from plastic surgeon help.
today, you can find only a few celebrities who didn’t have some kind of plastic surgery interventions. it became something completely normal, and in the most cases, celebrity procedures are successful. in some cases, the result may be a complete disaster – that is usually in the situations when celebrities have some kind of crazy desires, and those desires are not suitable for their age.
when some person wants to go under the knife, the most important is to find the best possible plastic surgeon you have and not look too much on getting a cheap deal. the surgeon must be the person you can trust, the person that gives you certain security so that you can know that your procedure will go as smoothly as possible.
if you have some of the friends, family members or neighbors who already have that kind of procedure, or similar one, ask them about their experience, and maybe it would be the best if you visit the same plastic surgeon. the greatest thing about rhynoplasty is the fact that you finally have the chance to boost your looks, and see the nose you always wanted to have.
procedure is not scary, it will be preformed fast, and the period of recovery will last for only few days. after that, you will be completely new person. you will look refreshed, because you will have the nose that suits perfectly to your face, and you will be much happier and more satisfied than ever before – that is why plastic surgery procedures are so awesome. you can fix whatever makes you unhappy, and you can improve your looks and be much happier.




posted on july 6, 2014september 15, 2021top reasons why you must get a personal trainer 

today, you will find it easy and convenient to hire a personal trainer, they are numerous and stationed in various fitness centers where you can take advantage of the state-of-the-art tools. the global concern on the need for fitness awareness is the impetus for the increased cognizance in healthy lifestyles interposing routine exercises and balanced dietary plans. thus, institutions have adopted health and fitness courses producing personal trainers who act as coaches in weight loss, fat reduction and body toning.
nevertheless, one is poised to enjoy the benefits of a personal trainer in bondi if they are fully committed and dedicated in undertaking workouts.  acquiring coaches is ostensibly easy today, but they are not suitable for every scenario. thus, you are entailed to include exercising as an integral part of your daily life. if you are that committed, the rationale behind hiring a coach is broad.

if you try to set about workouts solely, you will face various downsides. you are inclined to be worn out prematurely, lose motivation and quit at the fledgling stages of your schedule. undertaking strenuous workouts alone may pose insuperable challenges, you will need someone to gauge your improvements and identify inadvertent mistakes. the personal trainer ensures that once you start, you do not give up at any stage. additionally, trainers are a great tool for novices in workouts and gym activities.
your health aims and physical capabilities are intrinsic and unique. thus, you will need specifically oriented training. a trainer assesses you and derives a precise training schedule well suited for you. he will need to carry out a comprehensive analysis, including your lifestyle, health conditions and hence, deduce a feasible and practicable fitness plans with goals therein. besides, if you have chronic ailing, a bondi personal trainer designs a regimen that does not exacerbate the problem.
although you can dedicate yourself into taking workouts, there are other routine activities that you have to attend to. thus, you will have short periods to squeeze in your workouts and derive the optimum benefits from it. in a nutshell, an experienced and professional trainer will ensure that you do not dissipate the short time you have for your workouts by designing worthwhile exercises.
when you start your workouts, you may make instantaneous progress at the primitive stages. however, afterwards, you may note your progress is diminishing. this is referred to as “plateau” from the fitness parlance. your coach enables you to counter the ineluctable challenges by including discrete exercises in your fitness program at different levels.
the upshot of training under a personal trainer in bondi is enriching you with knowledge on workouts and exercises such that you can subsequently undertake them autonomously. an excellent coach enables you to undertake the apt exercises, gives you the reasons behind activities and enables your overcome challenges at every juncture.
how to hire an ideal bondi  personal trainers
you may want to scrutinize the credentials of your potential personal trainer in bondi, a certificate iv in fitness studies with fitness australia is generally sufficient; however, the yardstick is met if they work with reputable gyms and health centers. in this vein, they should also furnish you with the insurance coverage, for instance a policy covering liability is essential. an excellent bondi personal trainer is not offended when asked to substantiate his qualifications. they will promptly provide you with the necessary documents.
your coach must also lead by example. he or she must have a good body that you can look up to; they must also have a professional approach to issues while leading healthy and fit lifestyle. you do not want a coach who encourages you to over drink alcohol or smoke; you will need one to assist you quit and lead a healthy life.
conclusion
a coach is an indispensable tool in fitness training; however, you will have to expend energy and work hard on the workouts to get good results. the personal trainer provides you with exercises that are appropriate for you to lessen weight and speed up fat loss. you will also get a complete health weight control regime that you should adhere to cut down on weight and tone the body. you muscles will be strengthened and the skin smoothened, a good coach focuses on the accomplishment of improved physical and spiritual well being of his trainees. check out boot camp for yourself and see what types of fitness programs they have on offer and what they can do for you.




posted on june 23, 2014september 15, 2021weigh loss challenge after injury 

working out after any form of injury acquired while training for fitness or elsewhere can be a daunting task.  most people after injury wallow in self pity and reward themselves with sitting out all vigorous tasks that require movement.
sadly, unlike the professional players and athletes, most of the time fitness enthusiasts who may have progress in terms of visible fitness forego working out all together leading to a massive weight gain thanks to embracing a sedentary lifestyle post injury.
the retrogressive outcome is clearly visible and obesity can get recur even to someone who had entirely cut the kilos.  all is not lost though because anyone no matter the damage from injuries can incorporate the magical sydney weight loss programs in whatever state they are in.
sydney weight loss programs offer the same results previously attained at the gym or to the shape you were in before the injury.  the transformation challenge entails total body exercises as well as having a highly effective nutritional program all tailor made to boost your metabolism levels to aid in burning fat which will give you the desired result if working out for weight loss. sydney weight loss programs was discovered by a nutritional expert who got a knee injury after a gruesome accident, rendering him immobile for two years.
the professional came up with a blend of exercise protocols as well as scientific research for rapid weight loss coupled together with other verified fat burning techniques all aimed at giving you visible results rapidly.  the challenge enables you to get through the requirements right in your living room with ease and yes! without signing up at any gym memberships or purchasing fitness equipment.  all you need is energy and the self –motivation.

then the expert in question suffered mental anguish and boredom that resulted to frantic episodes of consuming comfort food to ease the agony.  he ended up worse post injury, because guilt trips from realizing how much weight he had gained pushed him further down. his fitness and healthy had gone downward spiral as evidenced by a glance of his holiday photos. after complete healing, he was pre determined to get back into shape and tone up and voila! sydney weight loss programs were born!  he further probed into his experience with clients through the programs he had designed for them, threw in latest research findings in physiology and biomechanics which in a fortnight led to a loss of 2 stones of the 5 stones he had acquired. as he got lighter, the more he felt better pulling in all strength to achieve his set goals. he gradually dropped all the excess weight and his transformation won him recognition, at the elite international fitness competitors.  his accident and two years incapacitation walked him through a journey most clients already know too well.
this transformation challenge is not magical or super-heroic, all you have to do is putting your mind into it even if you did not previously care about your fitness prior to getting injured.  the challenge will get you to fitness and enhance your capabilities.  however, it is an uphill task and your endurance will finally pay off.  to obtain the desired results, sticking to a healthy nutritional diet is mandatory as well.  it requires commitment and effort because the challenge entails forfeiting all processed foods and alcoholic drinks. attending training sessions if you opt to hire the services of a professional means you have to train privately as well as covering the prerequisite 172 hours each week through the six weeks schedule.
definitely putting in 5-7 hours of work out will keep you looking great no matter where injury had put you. sydney weight loss programs are indeed a challenge, but they say good things aren’t free either.  get motivated and work towards achieving your fitness goals because once you rediscover the new you, you might have to embrace health and fitness as a lifestyle. you may not get recognition at the elite school but health and fitness are very rewarding. the task may be uphill but the transformation is life changing as well as fantastic far from liposuction, pills and diet fads that promise rapid weight loss. tone and shape-up naturally and attain increased energy levels.



posts pagination
page 1
page 2
next page  









		proudly powered by wordpress	










































































































































































