

christmas wreath rings, garland machine leading wholesale supplier














northwoods 
	evergreen & wire company - christmas wreath rings, velvet ribbon, garland machine, wreath 
	decorations


























 northwoods 
					evergreen and wire company  located in merrill, 
					wisconsin, is one of the evergreen industry’s largest wholesale 
					suppliers of wreath rings, velvet ribbon, plaid ribbon, assorted berry picks, wreath sprays and picks, wreath decorating supplies, bow makers, shearing supplies, and more.
in the early 1980s, owner jon schultz realized there was 
					a gap between the industry’s suppliers and its smaller producers. 
					jon created a niche market by securing the best deals on wreath decorating supplies and 
					passing on the savings to his customers. today, jon continues to seek 
					innovative ways to serve his customers and the industry worldwide all the while keeping the values of small town america.
many 
					local companies work closely with northwoods evergreen and wire company to ensure top quality products and to meet the quantity and logistical 
					needs of every customer.
you 
					too will be a satisfied customer of northwoods 
					evergreen and wire company! take a look at all of our products online, including:
•  beautifully decorated & undecorated wreaths
• fundraisers
• wreath, bow maker machine & garland machines
• ribbon
• red velvet ribbon

• christmas ribbon

• holiday ribbon

• plaid ribbon

• deco mesh ribbon

• christmas decorations
• evergreen trees, wreaths
					& boughs
• christmas wreaths rings of every
					size
• and much more!
 check out our fundraising supplies page

check out our online shopping cart 


see our large assortment of christmas wreath rings!



christmas ribbons and decorative ribbons:

christmas glitter ribbon
christmas holly gold ribbon
christmas holly green ribbon
christmas patterns
more christmas patterned ribbon
cornelius maze
fresh limes
gold glitter trees
icons gold ribbon
santa plaid ribbon
snowman, gingerbread man and some trees
sugar plum ribbon




					please stop in to see us, call or send an e-mail to learn more about how we may assist your business.





northwoods evergreen & wire company is upfront














home  
					|  about us  | 
					 products  
					|  order  
					|  email us | site map



				northwoods evergreen & wire company 
#1 
				supplier of christmas wreath rings!
your 
				source for christmas wreath rings & evergreen wreaths
w3125 
				center road
				merrill, wi 54452
				phone: (715) 536-6060 
				outside wi: (800) 377-9591 
				fax: (715) 536-5984 









custom 
							designed for northwoods evergreen & wire co.
							© 1996-2003 by captain 
							jack, inc. | iowa 
							mall listing
							leave email with the webmaster for this page.









