



































welcome to roads.org.uk! | roads.org.uk





      skip to main content
    












main navigation


home


blog


information


abbreviations


british roads faq


dictionary


interchanges


road signs




motorway database


features


articles


ringways


photo gallery


bad junctions


m65 construction photos




fonts


links






















 






all change



30 january 2025

in july 2024, a new government entered office with a very different set of priorities. what does it mean for a faltering roads programme?








 






a century of motorways



26 september 2024

it's 100 years since the opening of the world's first motorway, the autostrada from milan to the lakes.








 






schrödinger’s speed limit



31 july 2024

in 2022, manchester city council say they reduced the speed limit on the mancunian way to 30mph. but it’s not clear if they did. it’s not even clear if they can.











latest blog comments




all change richard 14 february 2025
apparently highways england spent over 50 million on various studies on the…
all change patrickov 8 february 2025
as a complete outsider (in a sense that i am a foreigner and only visited…
the ghost junction chris 6 february 2025
i would have thought that amazon would save a fortune in fuel costs if it…
all change 31 january 2025
we should find out in the spring, but i think it hangs in the balance right…








latest video




 






does leeds have the uk's best ring road?


watch and comment on youtube







hello there!
welcome to the uk's favourite roads website. roads.org.uk (formerly cbrd) is dedicated to the study of the entire road network of mainland britain. these days there's a lot of information about the road network out there - but roads.org.uk remains the biggest, the most comprehensive and the most frequently updated. it contains information on most aspects of the network and is frequented by enthusiasts, officials, engineers and everyday road users alike. i aim to make the information on the site accessible to everybody, both in the way it's written and the way it's presented.
roads.org.uk has no politics. it is not a pro-roads protest or campaign site. it is a reference site which aims to provide up-to-date and useful information on the road network of great britain. to find out more about the site and what it's trying to do, take a look at the about page.
i hope you enjoy the site!
chris





small print




while i make every effort to keep the information on roads.org.uk accurate and up to date, i make no guarantees as to the validity of any information on this website. anyone acting on this information does so at their own risk and i can accept no liability or responsibility for the results. roads.org.uk does not represent (or claim to represent) the road maintenance or construction industries, and unless stated otherwise, the information on it is not officially sourced or endorsed. best served ice cold.











follow our socialsbluesky @roads.org.uk threads @roads.org.uk instagram @roads.org.uk youtube @roadsorguk





search





share this page







have you seen...


gateshead highway 

the unloved and unfinished gateshead highway is due to be demolished. take a look at the road that gateshead can't wait to get rid of.




buy me a coffee









navigation

home
blog
information
motorway database
features
fonts
links



browse by tag

routes
tags
regions



other pages

about
sitemap
accessibility
privacy
contact



find us on bluesky | threads | instagram | youtubeoriginal text, photographs and graphics © 2001-2024 chris marshall, except where stated.this website contains public sector information licensed under the open government licence v3.0.comments, questions, errors, omissions, cash donations... get in touch!












