




















earthshots | eros











      skip to main content
    















an official website of the united states government


here's how you know









the .gov means it’s official.
 federal government websites often end in .gov or .mil. before sharing sensitive
              information, make sure you’re on a federal government site.
            






the site is secure.
 the https:// ensures that you are connecting to the official website
              and that any information you provide is encrypted and transmitted securely.
            

















search:


search usgs

















                  eros
                



media gallery


earthshots


remote sensing classroom






















earthshots
earth resources observation and science (eros) center


search earthshots




main content







welcome to earthshots! 
satellite images reveal how people and nature change the earth's landscape over time. we invite you to explore more than 100 unique locations around the world where satellites reveal the stories as the lands change. click a location on the globe to learn more about the type of land change happening there. or, scroll down and choose to learn more about key topic areas of land changes and visit some of the various locations around the world where they are occurring.










download cards
more information



















































title
theme
keywords
description
coordinates
earthshot story collection
is earthshot overview

full description








 







“nighttime” images 
glaciers, water            
calving, ice shelves, icebergs            
landsat 8 normally images all earth landmasses…            

80.93
-61.2577
 
petermann glacier, greenland 
off            
3094            
landsat 8 normally images all earth landmasses every 16 days. however, at high latitudes, there is considerable overlap because landsat 8’s orbital tracks converge at the poles. as a result, this increases the temporal frequency of landsat 8 coverage over northern greenland.
building on this imaging overlap, landsat 8 takes advantage of long hours of daylight in the arctic to acquire “nighttime” sunlit images, increasing temporal coverage even more. the two landsat 8 images were acquired a little over 3 hours apart, one on its descending orbit and one ascending. having multiple images increases the chances of acquiring more cloud-free images and helps scientists monitor iceberg calving events.



2010 ice break 
glaciers, water            
calving, ice shelves, icebergs, rifts            
scientists observed rifts in petermann glacier…            

80.93
-61.2577
 
petermann glacier, greenland 
off            
3089            
scientists observed rifts in petermann glacier throughout the first decade of the 2000s. the rift that caused the 2010 break was first spotted in satellite imagery in 2001. see below for the location of this rift in a 2001 landsat image.
the massive calving event in 2010 removed 28 kilometers of the ice shelf. the result was an ice island four times the size of manhattan, about 270 square kilometers. it was the largest iceberg to form in the arctic since 1962.
the last image displayed in this section shows a size comparison of manhattan island (yellow outline) to the iceberg.
(black stripes run through the images because of the scan line corrector failure on landsat 7 in may 2003.)
 
      



2012 break 
glaciers, water            
calving, ice shelves, icebergs, rifts, sea level rise            
just two years later, another large iceberg…            

80.93
-61.2577
 
petermann glacier, greenland 
off            
3090            
just two years later, another large iceberg broke off petermann glacier. this one was estimated at 130 square kilometers—about half the size of the 2010 iceberg. but this calving broke off the glacier tongue farther upstream and moved the front end of the glacier farther inland than has been observed since 1876, the first reported measurements of the glacier.
the floating ends of glaciers like petermann are known as ice shelves. they act as doorstops. when these ice shelves suddenly splinter and weaken, the glaciers that feed them speed up. the result is more ice flowing into the ocean, which could raise global sea levels.
the development of these icebergs is a natural process; however, when there are two major breaks in two years, scientists must take notice. even large breaks do not amount to a collapse of the floating extension; nevertheless, they are important events.
(black stripes run through the images because of the scan line corrector failure on landsat 7 in may 2003.)



2017 rift 
glaciers, water            
calving, ice shelves, icebergs, rifts            
a new rift formed on petermann glacier in 2017…            

80.93
-61.2577
 
petermann glacier, greenland 
off            
3093            
a new rift formed on petermann glacier in 2017. an older crack to the right of the new rift also extends toward the glacier’s center. by 2020, this new rift had met up with the older crack. if an iceberg breaks off, it would be petermann’s third massive iceberg calving since 2010. it also could place the new calving face much farther upstream than the 2010 break.
close-up images from sentinel-2 take advantage of its 10-meter spatial resolution to show the new rift in greater detail. landsat 8 and sentinel-2 complement each other by imaging glacial movement and possible calving events.
the prominent vertical line could be from deformation of the ice as it flows over the bedrock farther upstream. the irregular topographic surface of the underlying bedrock could have caused the ice to develop this longitudinal crevasse as it moved over bedrock, resulting in a line being drawn the length of the glacier as it flows. besides the new rift, other bumps and lines extend from this longitudinal line, which are stress fractures from the glacial movement.
along with becoming longer, notice that the rifts are also moving downstream between 2017 and 2022 as the glacier flows.



2018 eruption 
coasts, natural disasters            
crater, eruption, fissure, island, lava, lava flow, laze, volcano            
on april 30, 2018, rapid changes in the east…            

19.388
-155.106
 
kīlauea, hawaii, usa 
off            
3168            
on april 30, 2018, rapid changes in the east rift zone were detected. the pu‘u ‘ō‘ō crater floor collapsed. ground deformation toward the east indicated magma intrusion approaching the leilani estates neighborhood, 20 km from pu‘u ‘ō‘ō.
based on numerous geological, geochemical, and geophysical instruments, the usgs hawaiian volcano observatory and other scientists determined that magma had drained from below pu‘u ‘ō‘ō crater. it then intruded through underground tunnels and emerged at eruptive vents, or fissures, in the lower east rift zone.
on may 3, the first of 24 fissures along a 6-km line opened within leilani estates. fissure 8 became the dominant vent on may 28. it shot lava tens of meters into the air and sent a vigorous flow toward the coast, ultimately entering the ocean near the eastern tip of the island.
this series of images shows the progression of the lava flows throughout the summer of 2018. clouds often obscure views of the island, but numerous observations from landsat, sentinel-2, and resourcesat offered peeks through the clouds to the location of fresh lava. some of the images also show “laze.” when lava mixes with seawater, it creates a noxious gas plume that looks like clouds or smoke. the word is a blend of the words lava and haze. laze can cause skin and eye irritation and breathing difficulties.
this flow ended abruptly on august 4, 2018. by this time, lava had destroyed more than 700 structures, covered 13.7 square miles (35.5 km2) of land, and added about 741 acres (300 hectares) of land to the island. lava was a couple hundred meters thick in some places.



2019 fires 
agriculture, fires            
drought, islands, sugar cane, volcanoes            
a wet 2018–2019 winter caused extra plant…            

20.8314
-156.4238
 
maui, hawaii, usa 
off            
3477            
a wet 2018–2019 winter caused extra plant growth on maui, and thus extra fuel, and was followed by drought and record-breaking heat in summer 2019. that set up conditions for an intense fire season. firefighters reported the unusual weather conditions that made the fires worse: above normal temperatures and below normal humidity.
in summer 2019, at least 19,300 acres burned across maui, nearly all of it in the former cane fields. the dry grasses that largely replaced the cane fields are especially vulnerable to fire. notice that the fire scar visible in the july 27, 2019, image didn’t last long, evidence that, unlike a forest fire burn scar, nonnative grass recovers rapidly and outcompetes native grasses after a fire.



a closer look 
agriculture, water            
center-pivot, irrigation, population, water use, wildlife area            
taking a closer look at garden city shows the…            

37.9653
-100.8699
 
garden city, kansas, usa 
off            
3292            
taking a closer look at garden city shows the expansion in area the city experienced since 1972. they also show the proximity of the city to those center-pivot irrigation circles. four of these circles take up almost 1 square mile, or one section, of land.
southwest of garden city is an area absent of irrigated crops. this marks the location of the sandsage bison range wildlife area, a reserve for many plains natives, including an american bison herd.
another gap in irrigated cropland is a bit to the west of the game refuge. marked by light spots is holcomb station, a coal-fired power plant operated by the sunflower electric power corporation. the plant opened in 1983, so it does not appear in the 1972 landsat image. the 362-megawatt station uses coal mined in wyoming's powder river basin.



a dying forest  
coasts, forests, water            
drought, estuaries, mangrove, rivers, tidal flats            
the coastal wetlands of senegal are centered…            

14.0536
-16.2885
 
saloum river, senegal 
off            
3376            
the coastal wetlands of senegal are centered on the saloum river and a myriad of estuaries and tidal flats that make up this complex ecosystem. the estuaries are generally bordered by dense, vigorous stands of mangroves (dark red tones in the landsat images). part of this ecosystem is protected in saloum delta national park. the wetlands are critical habitats for wintering palearctic birds, as well as many species of fish and mollusks.
the mangrove vegetation is made up of several species. some mangrove species form low canopies, but others of the rhizophora genus are among the tallest in the world, attaining heights of up to 40 meters. mangroves grow in habitats that are periodically flooded by seawater (tidal influence) and river water. they are halophytes, plants that grow in salty environments.
since the late 1960s, it has become apparent that many of the mangrove forests are dying. one theory is that there is a serious mangrove disease that is systematically wiping them out. however, most evidence indicates that the mangrove die-off is related to the widespread sahelian drought, which has plagued the region since 1968. the lack of rainfall has led to an accumulation of salts, exceeding the tolerance levels of the mangroves.
the die-off is particularly acute in the northern half of the saloum river wetland complex (note the change in tone on the landsat imagery, from dark red to dark gray). today, there are vast areas of standing dead mangrove carcasses; many of these areas have been reduced to barren mud flats. the southern reaches of the wetland complex, however, still has healthy stands of mangrove forests.



a key rest stop for birds 
water, wetlands, wildlife            
drought, migration, waterfowl            
the cheyenne bottoms are on the north american…            

38.455
-98.68
 
cheyenne bottoms, kansas, usa 
off            
3503            
the cheyenne bottoms are on the north american central flyway, kind of a bird highway for migration. the vast, diverse marsh provides food and water for a multitude of migrating bird species during both spring and fall migrations. most of kansas is too dry for such a stopover, and reservoirs are too deep. birds need shallow water and long shorelines.
summer 2022 had below normal precipitation statewide and above normal temperatures. no water was available from wet walnut creek to divert into the bottoms. by november 2022, the u.s. drought monitor showed that a third of kansas was in exceptional drought. landsat images from october 2021 and october 2022 show that birds had nothing to stop for in fall 2022.



a new cutoff 
natural disasters, water            
cutoff, flooding, rain, rivers, weather            
floods are examples of short-term…            

38.4375
-87.7118
 
illinois/indiana, usa 
off            
3136            
floods are examples of short-term environmental change. they cause substantial damage and change for only a short time, such as a couple of weeks. the damage done to crops can last for an entire growing season, but in most cases, the landscape goes back to normal after the floodwaters recede. in some cases, however, a flood can cause more lasting change.
this flood changed the course of the wabash river just above where it flows into the ohio river. we have to go to a different landsat image to see this happen, the one just south of the scene we’ve been examining. images show a new cutoff that was formed from this flooding. about 2,200 acres of the land was rendered inaccessible by the new cutoff and shortened the river by about 7.5 miles.



a note on the images 
coasts, water            
clouds, islands, karman vortex street            
the landsat images that are shown on…            

-33.7550
-80.8000
 
selkirk island, chile 
off            
3352            
the landsat images that are shown on earthshots are combinations of three different wavelengths of the electromagnetic spectrum. typically, the images show a combination of visible and infrared light; therefore, they are false color images. when these wavelengths, or bands, are shown individually instead of combined, different details sometimes emerge.
in the case of this selkirk karman vortex street scene, landsat 7’s band 5 hints at a feature not visible in the image featured in the first section, which is a combination of bands 5, 4, and 3. do you see it? band 7 shows it even better. northeast of the island, just east of the vortices, there is a bright spot and a bright plume trailing from it to the northeast. this may be a westbound ship, the effect of the ship’s exhaust shown in the clouds.
 



a-74 
glaciers            
calving, ice, ice shelf, icebergs, rifts, thermal            
it soon became too dark to see a-…            

-75.631
-26.5
 
brunt ice shelf, antarctica 
off            
3489            
it soon became too dark to see a-74, which covered 1,270 km2, as the antarctic winter set in. but landsat 8 continued imaging with its thermal infrared sensor (tirs). the imagery is visibly dark, but tirs detects temperature on the surface. 
tirs shows relatively cooler temperatures darker than warmer temperatures, so the iceberg and ice shelf appear black. clouds are relatively warmer than ice, so clouds sometimes cover the ice with swaths of gray.
tirs reveals what could not be seen in the darkness. the iceberg separates from the ice shelf, moves away, then bumps back into it before drifting south. in august 2021, in a timeframe of less than 2 weeks, the berg spun around the tip of brunt ice shelf, brushed past it, rotated counterclockwise, and continued south. landsat 8 spotted it with its visible bands in february 2022 much farther south along the antarctic coast.
it’s unknown exactly how the ice shelf will respond to the 2021 north rift calving. the situation is being monitored closely by landsat along with sentinel, worldview, ground-penetrating radar, drone imagery, and a network of gps stations.



a-83 
glaciers            
ice shelf, ice, calving, icebergs, rifts, thermal            
another iceberg broke off the brunt ice…            

-75.631
-26.5
 
brunt ice shelf, antarctica 
off            
3534            
another iceberg broke off the brunt ice shelf during the dark antarctic winter in may 2024. landsat’s thermal infrared sensor (tirs) instrument can spot icebergs in the dark, allowing scientists to see the new break even in the dark of winter. landsat’s expanded acquisition program called leap—landsat extended acquisitions of the poles—provides even more observations of ice shelves in polar regions. 
the iceberg, named a-83, is about the size of portland, oregon. it broke from an area that had previously formed a rift called halloween crack. the landsat series displayed here shows imagery from tirs.  darker areas are relatively colder than bright areas.
the iceberg is already moving, and landsat’s tirs instrument will be able to track it throughout the antarctic winter because of the leap imaging plan. the new iceberg reinforces that while calving is normal, the recent rash of iceberg calvings at brunt may mean that the ice shelf is destabilizing.



abandonment 
agriculture            
accident, cooling pond, exclusion zone, lakes, nuclear power plant, nuclear reactor, radiation, river            
near the common borders of ukraine,…            

51.2619
30.2360
 
chernobyl, ukraine 
off            
3230            
near the common borders of ukraine, belarus, and russia, the chernobyl nuclear power plant lies near the pripyat river at the northwestern end of a cooling pond. the pond is 12 km long; during normal operation the plant discharged warm water counterclockwise around the pond, taking in cool water near the north end. just northwest of the plant is the city of pripyat. the smaller town of chernobyl lies south of the cooling pond.
the 1986 and 1992 images clearly show farm abandonment. agriculture appears as a collage of bright green (growing crops) and tan (highly reflective bare ground). many of these areas appear a flat gray-green in 1992, indicating natural vegetation that has taken over the abandoned fields. the later images show that this land change persists.
while the reactor was still on fire, all settlements within 30 km were evacuated, including pripyat (1986 population 45,000), chernobyl (1986 population 12,000), and 94 other villages (estimated total population 40,000). this area remains almost completely abandoned and is called the chernobyl exclusion zone. the area is a mixture of former agriculture, forest, and marshland. it has been mostly free from human intervention since 1986.
radiation contamination later forced abandonment even outside the 30-km zone. high levels of cesium-137 detected years later caused further abandonment. in all, more than 120,000 people from 213 villages and cities were relocated outside contaminated areas.
in 2011, the director of the chernobyl power plant, ihor gramotkin, was asked when the area would again be inhabitable. he responded, “at least 20,000 years” (harrell and marson).



about the marshes 
water, wetlands            
marshes, rivers            
all of the water that keeps the mesopotamian…            

31.17
47.35
 
mesopotamian marshes, iraq 
off            
3497            
all of the water that keeps the mesopotamian marshes alive comes from the tigris and euphrates rivers. those rivers originate from precipitation in the anatolian highlands of turkey and the zagros highlands of iran, which occurs mostly in winter as snow. the snowmelt then provides—historically, at least—a flooding pulse downstream every spring. the land flattens out in southern iraq, where the rivers slow and drop sediment, meander, and split into branches before flowing into the persian gulf.
the mesopotamian marshlands absorb the excess water and expand in the spring, then shrink in the summer. that’s the normal seasonal pattern.
in the 1960s, the estimated spring extent of the marshes was 15,000–20,000 square kilometers. the vast marshland is vulnerable to drought and international conflict.



after the gulf war 
water, wetlands            
canals, marshes, rivers            
large-scale draining of the marshes began in…            

31.17
47.35
 
mesopotamian marshes, iraq 
off            
3499            
large-scale draining of the marshes began in earnest after the gulf war of 1991. water from the tigris and euphrates rivers was redirected to bypass the marshes. a west-east canal, 40 kilometers long and 1–2 kilometers wide, connected to the north-south prosperity river, the prominent canal in the middle of these images. even wider than the west-east canal, the prosperity river is basically a massive moat that captures water from the rivers and tributaries and prevents it from flowing into the marshes.
throughout the 1990s, the marshes declined dramatically. the loss of vegetation and water is widespread and clear to see in the images. the extent of the marshland was reduced by about 85% by 2000.



agriculture 
agriculture, cities, mining, water, wetlands            
hydrology, lakes, national park            
the fertile muck soils along the south shore…            

25.95
-80.65
 
the everglades and miami, florida, usa 
off            
3437            
the fertile muck soils along the south shore of lake okeechobee in the everglades agricultural area are intensively farmed. tomatoes, beans, squash, peppers, and other crops are grown during the winter and shipped north. sugarcane is the main crop there from spring through the fall.
the bottom center of the later images reveals the location of stormwater treatment area (sta) 3/4, one of six stas mandated by the state of florida’s everglades forever act, passed in 1994. sta 3/4 is distinct from the polygons of the agricultural area. just to its west is holey land wildlife management area.
these constructed wetlands are designed to remove phosphorus that comes from agricultural runoff. under previous agricultural practices, phosphorus from fertilizers was allowed to run off into the everglades. phosphorus is an essential nutrient, but too much of it alters the everglades’ natural habitats.
these treatment areas channel runoff through shallow marshes filled with plants that absorb phosphorus, reducing the amount that flows into the everglades. the plants include cattail, southern naiad, hydrilla, and algae. these plants continue to absorb phosphorus even after they die and decompose. the underlying limestone layer then holds the phosphorus, providing long-term storage.
besides helping to restore the everglades, these treatment areas have become a great home for wading birds, ducks, and alligators. florida offers hunting and other recreational opportunities at many of these treatment areas.



agriculture 
agriculture, cities, mountains            
irrigation            
irrigated agriculture in the valley,…            

36.0883
52.1517
 
elburz mountains, iran 
off            
3282            
irrigated agriculture in the valley, shown by the red field patterns, has increased. this agriculture depends on rainfall captured in the mountains and channeled to the valley floor, as well as nearby rivers and drilled wells.



agriculture 
agriculture, cities, deserts, water            
center-pivot, delta, irrigation, rivers            
the area of vegetation just outside the nile…            

30.0999
31.0688
 
nile river delta, egypt 
off            
3429            
the area of vegetation just outside the nile river delta northwest of cairo, egypt, is new agricultural development, with some of the crops irrigated through center-pivot irrigation. in these landsat images, red indicates vegetation. 
the most common crops grown are cotton, rice, corn, potatoes, oranges, and wheat. although areas at a distance from the nile often are not able to be irrigated, land that does support crops produces high yields and is harvested two or three times in many years.
food shortages have been documented for thousands of years in egypt, and they can still cause problems. as the egyptian population grows, producing enough food has become more difficult, so the government subsidizes food to make comfortable life possible. one staple food highly subsidized in egypt is bread. the "bread riots" in 1977 and 2008 were the result of a reduction in those subsidies.
despite government regulation that keeps the production of non-food crops like cotton low, egypt still imports much of its food, especially wheat. this can increase the price of food even higher.
dams being built on the nile river and its tributaries upstream from egypt could affect the amount of water making its way to egypt.



al kharj 
cities, deserts            
center-pivot, irrigation            
southeast of riyadh, irrigation has clearly…            

24.7117
46.7242
 
riyadh, saudi arabia 
off            
3455            
southeast of riyadh, irrigation has clearly increased over time, particularly around the city of al kharj. the red circles are fields with center-pivot irrigation systems, drawing water from saudi arabia’s aquifers. this irrigation development resulted from the investment of part of saudi arabia’s oil revenues in an effort to modernize agriculture.



alaska 
glaciers, mountains            
ice, resolution, sensors, snow            
one of the factors that improves on landsat…            

60.956
-141.34
 
landsat’s return beam vidicon 
off            
3409            
one of the factors that improves on landsat sensors over the project’s history is the quality of the data. for example, compare these images of glaciers in alaska’s chitina river valley from 1980. there is more background noise in an rbv image than there is in the mss image. the rbv on landsat 3 had a slightly higher spatial resolution, but the low signal-to-noise ratio makes it harder to pull out surface detail.
the 2018 image from landsat 8’s operational land imager has even better signal-to-noise ratio and higher resolution than both early sensors. the image reveals more detail about the roughness and flow of the ice. landsat 8’s shortwave infrared bands provide a better distinction between ice and rock or soil.
high-quality data is needed in studying glaciers. glaciers reflect visible light and appear bright white in natural color satellite images. but a glacier absorbs near-infrared light. the near-infrared and shortwave infrared imaging on later landsats show the difference between snow and bare ground more clearly.
however, glaciologists still found rbv useful for mapping arctic regions. in high latitudes, images acquired at low sun angles helped enhance local topographic relief. the high resolution of the rbv on landsat 3 supplemented mss imagery.
in the rbv image of the chitina river valley, the brightest wavy streaks are glaciers. note that they extend farther downstream in 1980 than they do in 2018. in the landsat 8 image, wavy blue streaks indicate glaciers. they are generally in the same location as in the 1980 image, just diminished.
while rbv might not be exactly what is needed or have the ideal attributes for a study or for mapping forests, glaciers, and other land covers, perhaps it’s one more tool to add to the collection in studying land change. it’s at least worth another look. besides, as faundeen said, “rbv is another interesting chapter in the landsat story.”



an unusual mountain 
glaciers, mountains            
volcanoes            
many of the world’s highest peaks are the…            

-3.0665
37.3507
 
mount kilimanjaro, tanzania 
off            
3465            
many of the world’s highest peaks are the barely tallest points of high ranges, but kilimanjaro stands alone, 15,000 feet above the surrounding plains. it actually has three peaks from three old volcanoes: kibo (2), mawenzi , and shira.
in these landsat images, concentric rings show the vegetation zones around this unusual peak. the bare summit is surrounded by low grass and shrubs. these transition to a band of forest, protected as a reserve, which appears bright green. below this is a densely populated agricultural area, appearing as speckled light green in the landsat images. and at its base, the mountain turns dry again, supporting fewer plants and people.
people have farmed the lower slopes for at least 2,000 years. in the last century, the mountain’s population has grown rapidly—about tenfold between 1910 and 2000. these people raised cattle, fruits and vegetables, and coffee. prevented from migrating upslope by the forest/wildlife preserve, people have moved out into drier areas.



animation 
deforestation, forests            
logging, rain forest            
play this …            

-10.0384
-63.3715
 
rondônia, brazil 
off            
3163            
play this animation to see the change in this area happen from 1975 to 2017. the animation uses a landsat image from most of the years in this time period to demonstrate the rapid rate of deforestation. huge areas of rondônia's dense rain forest transform to cleared areas in only a few decades. unseen in these images are the effects of the deforestation on wildlife habitats and local and global climate.



animations 
energy, mining            
coal, oil, open pits, overburden, reclamation            
the coal mines in the prb advance quickly…            

43.59
-105.29
 
powder river basin, wyoming, usa 
off            
3240            
the coal mines in the prb advance quickly enough to see a lot of change from year to year. the animation here shows the annual change of the mines. each image represents one year from 1984 to 2024.
watch this animation of landsat images, or view the individual images at your own speed below.




annual change 
water, wetlands            
floodplain, floods, lakes, river            
in the flooded season, this part of mali’s…            

14.6515
-4.4040
 
inland delta of the niger river, mali 
off            
3178            
in the flooded season, this part of mali’s landscape stands out as bright green against the arid brown african sahel. the niger river and the inland delta have been an important water supply in the southern sahara for thousands of years.
the river channels, lakes, swamps, and floodplains provide the main livelihoods in the delta: livestock, fishing, and farming. the delta is also a refuge for many migrating birds. after rice farming and livestock, fishing is the most important industry of the delta. the catch varies from year to year depending on water levels. an overall decrease in available water in the delta directly affects the population in this industry.
this series of images shows that the extent of the seasonal flood can vary. for example, 1984 was a low flood year, and the green extent in the image is smaller than it is for 1999. another low water year was 2011. exceptionally high floods can damage habitats and irrigation, but extremely low flows like those in 1984 can be disastrous. the loss of livestock caused by the lack of water one year can have long-lasting effects.
two main threats to the region are inadequate water management and climate change. with growing water use and a predicted decrease in rain in the sahel, the river flow of the niger is expected to decline. the livelihoods of the delta’s people could be at risk.
diverting upstream water for irrigation means less water for the delta. for example, the fomi dam in guinea is being planned. the two countries are working on assessing the possible risks and benefits of the dam.
(black stripes run through the 2011 image because of the scan line corrector failure on landsat 7 in may 2003.)



antelope valley, california, usa 
cities, energy            
population, solar, solar energy, solar panels, solar power, urban growth, wind, wind power, wind turbines            
antelope valley in southern california is the…            

34.8313
-118.2433
 
antelope valley, california, usa 
on            
3189            
antelope valley in southern california is the western part of the mojave desert. the san gabriel mountains and the tehachapi mountains give the valley a triangular shape. the southern edge of the valley is the san andreas fault.
while farming is going on in the valley in the more traditional sense, with irrigated fields showing up as bright green circles or rectangles in these landsat images, farming of a different kind is also going on. with average annual wind speeds of 14 to 20 miles per hour and plenty of clear, sunny days, this part of the desert is on the cutting edge of wind and solar power.
(the small burn scar seen in the 2023 image is the danny fire, which burned almost 1,600 acres.)




aquaculture 
aquaculture, coasts, deforestation, forests            
alluvial, carbon, delta, flooding, floodplain, mangrove, salt water, shrimp ponds            
mangroves in the ayeyarwady delta are also…            

15.86
95
 
ayeyarwady delta, myanmar 
off            
3480            
mangroves in the ayeyarwady delta are also being replaced by aquaculture. in the southwestern part of the delta, brackish shrimp pond development is expanding. the dark blue shapes in the images represent the shrimp ponds. not as much land is being taken up by aquaculture, but this industry is growing.
while some mangroves have been restored on the delta, the aquaculture, agriculture, and cutting activities need to be monitored so that the benefits of mangroves can be maintained. researchers continue to use landsat and other remote sensing information to monitor this region.



aral sea, kazakhstan and uzbekistan 
agriculture, dams, water            
canals, declassified, fishing, irrigation, islands, lakes, rivers, saltwater, seas, water use            
we see a lot of change with 50 years of…            

45.016
58.99
 
aral sea, kazakhstan and uzbekistan 
on            
3193            
we see a lot of change with 50 years of landsat imagery, along with the declassified satellite imagery in the archives at eros. the drying of the aral sea is likely the most dramatic change occurring over the past several decades in this imagery.
the aral sea once covered about 68,000 square kilometers, a little bigger than the u.s. state of west virginia. it was the 4th largest lake in the world. it is now only about 10% of the size it was in 1960. coastlines receded several kilometers from what were once coastal communities.
the aral sea is a terminal lake. large permanent snow fields and glaciers in mountain ranges feed the two major rivers that flow into it, but it has no outlet. syr darya flows into the northern part of the aral sea. amu darya flows into the southern part. (darya means river in the turkic languages of central asia.)
the precipitation rate over the aral sea is very low, less than 200 millimeters per year. however, 1,000–1,200 millimeters of water evaporates from the sea each year. therefore, stability of the water level greatly depends on inflow from these two rivers, which has diminished over the past few decades leading to the shrinking of the lake.
the sea has in fact split into two separate bodies of water, referred to as the north aral sea and the south aral sea. the north aral has stabilized but the south aral has continued to shrink and become saltier. up until the 1960s, aral sea salinity was around 10 grams per liter, less than one-third the salinity of the ocean. the salinity level now exceeds 100 grams per liter in the south aral, which is about three times saltier than the ocean.
the effects of this dramatic change are far-reaching, geographically, environmentally, and economically. the subsequent sections describe how a body of water this size could nearly disappear so quickly.



aralsk 
agriculture, dams, water            
declassified, fishing, lakes, rivers, saltwater, seas, water use            
the city of aralsk is shown in the 1964 argon…            

45.016
58.99
 
aral sea, kazakhstan and uzbekistan 
off            
3196            
the city of aralsk is shown in the 1964 argon image on the coast of the sea. by 1977, the sea had retreated from the city but was still just a few kilometers away. as depicted in the 2015 image, aralsk sits nearly 20 km from the water’s edge.
commercial fishing in the aral sea peaked in the late 1950s. with the drop in water levels and rise in salinity, the fish that once thrived in the sea could not survive. as a result, commercial fishing was no longer sustainable by the early 1980s.
with the recovery of the north aral, commercial fishing has started up again. it’s still just a fraction of what it was in the 1950s, but aralsk is again processing fish at a new plant, established after the completion of the kok-aral dam in 2005. aralsk is not the thriving city it once was, but the return of the north aral gives residents some hope of recovery.



ariquemes 
deforestation, forests            
logging, rain forest            
the early images show main roads cutting…            

-10.0384
-63.3715
 
rondônia, brazil 
off            
3161            
the early images show main roads cutting through the forest. highway 421 snakes through the forest south-southwest from the city of ariquemes, and highway 364 runs roughly north to south through ariquemes. more roads branch out from the main ones to create the fishbone pattern. as time goes on, a patchwork of cleared areas, forest remnants, and settlements is left behind.



artificial holes 
cities, mining            
limestone, phosphate, reclamation            
the bodies of water further south, east of…            

28.527
-81.4118
 
orlando, florida, usa 
off            
3411            
the bodies of water further south, east of tampa, look completely different, because they have a much more human origin: phosphate mining.
south of orlando lies the world's most productive source of phosphate, a critical nutrient for modern agriculture. in these images, plants look red and phosphate mines appear as a bright, high-contrast mix of white bare earth and blue-black ponds. the images show the phosphate region expanding, as more lands were put through the cycle of mining and reclamation.
under just the right conditions, some ocean sediments (like those forming limestone) become rich in phosphorus. ideally, an upwelling of cold, phosphorus-rich water to the shallow waters near shore stimulates all forms of sea life, from algae to animals. their shells and bones, plus crystals of phosphorus, concentrate phosphorus on the ocean floor. moving water—tides and currents underwater, streams and floods above sea level—sorts the heavy phosphate pebbles from the lighter sands, further concentrating the valuable nutrient.



atchafalaya delta, louisiana, usa 
coasts, water, wetlands            
canals, deltas, marshes, rivers, sea level rise, sediment            
the mississippi river delta region…            

29.516
-91.357
 
atchafalaya delta, louisiana, usa 
on            
3510            
the mississippi river delta region in southern louisiana is losing land to sea level rise, subsidence, and hurricane damage. the mouth of the atchafalaya river, a distributary of the mississippi river, is an exception. it has been building two deltas for the past several decades. the atchafalaya delta exemplifies the importance of freshwater and sediment to maintaining and even building land in the delta region.
the atchafalaya river branches away from the mississippi river where the red river joins it. the atchafalaya takes about 30% of the combined flow of both rivers and carries the water and sediment south.
just east of the atchafalaya basin, land is rapidly disappearing from the louisiana coast. besides subsidence, sea level rise, and hurricanes, a lack of sediment input from the mississippi river is also causing land loss, making the region more vulnerable to storms. 
besides the risk to wildlife habitats, coastal louisiana supports more than 30% of the commercial fisheries in the united states, and five of the country’s top 20 ports are located there. furthermore, in 2017, the usgs reported that a fifth of the country’s oil and gas is transported through the southern louisiana wetlands.
the time series of landsat imagery shows that the deltas do not progressively extend into the gulf. they are affected by local conditions like tides and the timing of hurricanes and floods. so while the overall trend is extension and delta building, the deltas seem to temporarily contract at times. in the landsat images, water is dark blue, and vegetation is green. 



athabasca oil sands, alberta, canada 
fires, forests, mining, natural disasters            
bitumen, boreal forest, fire scars, near-infrared, oil, oil sands, open pits, overburden, reclamation, shortwave infrared, tailings ponds, well pads            
one of the world’s largest reserves of oil…            

56.978
-111.46
 
athabasca oil sands, alberta, canada 
on            
3200            
one of the world’s largest reserves of oil sits under the boreal forest of northwestern alberta, canada. the deposit covers about 142,200 square kilometers (54,900 square miles), an area a little larger than the u.s. state of wisconsin.
known as the oil sands region, it accounts for the largest segment of alberta’s economy. according to alberta energy, proven reserves in the oil sands in 2016 were 165.4 billion barrels.
this series of satellite imagery focuses on the largest of the three oil sands areas in alberta, the athabasca region. located just north of fort mcmurray along the athabasca river, the mining of the athabasca region has grown dramatically over the last three decades, and landsat's 30-meter resolution is ideal for showing those changes.



ayeyarwady delta, myanmar 
coasts, deforestation, forests            
alluvial, carbon, delta, flooding, floodplain, mangrove, salt water, shrimp ponds            
the ayeyarwady delta—also called the irrawaddy…            

15.86
95
 
ayeyarwady delta, myanmar 
on            
3125            
the ayeyarwady delta—also called the irrawaddy delta—is a vast alluvial floodplain. the delta spans over 35,000 km2 (13,500 mi2) and was once home to an extensive tract of mangrove forests, but deforestation has changed the landscape. one scientific study estimated that the delta lost 1,685 km2 (651 mi2) from 1978 to 2011. this 50-year sequence of landsat images shows the relatively rapid loss of mangrove forest.



bahrain 
cities, coasts, deserts            
airport, artificial islands, islands, land creation, land reclamation, marina, population, port, tourism, urban growth            
the most noticeable land change in these…            

26.0195
50.5535
 
bahrain 
on            
3206            
the most noticeable land change in these landsat images is simply the addition of land itself. in bahrain, a nation of 36 islands in the middle east, the sea is shallow enough along the northern and eastern coast to make the addition of land relatively inexpensive.
the main bahrain island is about 990 square kilometers; however, it took less than two decades for the coastal zone of bahrain to increase by about 40 square kilometers. all of this added land is dredged from the seabed in massive land reclamation projects.
besides the large land additions, an obvious increase in urban areas dominates the images. bahrain’s 1970 population was 213,000; in 2023 it was estimated to be over 1.5 million. the country’s urban extent doubled between 1987 and 2013.



bakken oil boom, north dakota, usa 
cities, mining            
airport, drilling, fracking, highways, natural gas, oil, oil platforms, well pads            
even though oil is underground, landsat images…            

48.1696
-103.3259
 
bakken oil boom, north dakota, usa 
on            
3209            
even though oil is underground, landsat images can reveal related land changes on the surface. the bakken oil boom has made north dakota the second leading oil producing state—behind only texas. evidence of this boom is apparent on the landscape.
the focus of this oil boom, which began around 2008, is on the bakken formation of western north dakota, northeastern montana, and part of canada. the bakken formation constitutes one of the largest deposits of oil and natural gas in the united states. the bakken is part of the larger williston basin, which, according to a 2013 usgs study, has 7.4 billion barrels of oil that is recoverable using today’s technology.
these landsat images show the increasing number of oil platforms over just a few years, along with associated infrastructure changes. the overview images in this introductory section show the entire region that will be discussed in more detail in the following subsections.
the north dakota oil industry took off in the 1950s. when oil prices dropped in the 1980s, that boom ended. oil prices recovered by 1990, but the current boom didn’t hit until the technology of hydraulic fracturing, or fracking, came along in the 2000s. by 2008, drilling in north dakota surged like never before and oil production increased dramatically.
the oil and natural gas within the bakken are locked in a rock formation. fracking uses a mix of water, salt, chemicals, and sand to fracture the rock. the fractured rock allows the oil to flow to the well.
the price of oil crashed again in 2014, halting most of the drilling. but this was only after north dakota’s oil industry reached the milestone of producing 1 million barrels per day. in mid-2017, oil prices recovered to around $50 a barrel, stabilizing the situation in north dakota.



batagaika crater, russia 
forests            
crater, declassified, erosion, permafrost            
sometimes described as resembling a stingray…            

67.58
134.78
 
batagaika crater, russia 
on            
3473            
sometimes described as resembling a stingray or a tadpole, the batagaika crater is a widening chasm in siberia and the world’s largest permafrost crater.
multiple satellites have recorded the crater’s growth, from declassified satellite imagery collected in the 1960s to current multispectral sensor images from landsat and europe’s copernicus sentinel-2 satellite, to build a continuous view over the last 60 years.
each exposed layer of the crater wall is like a snapshot in time, helping scientists understand the past climate. layers of permafrost exposed at the bottom might be up to 650,000 years old. scientists have also discovered mummified wildlife in the crater. in 2018, the remains of a 42,000-year-old foal of an extinct horse species were found.
why this mattersas frozen permafrost soils thaw, they release carbon dioxide, methane, and nitrous oxide—greenhouse gases that fuel global warming.



bathtub ring 
dams, water            
lakes, reservoirs            
comparing the 1984 (high water level) and 2005…            

36.9378
-111.4841
 
lake powell, utah and arizona, usa 
off            
3384            
comparing the 1984 (high water level) and 2005 (low water level) images, there is a pale outline along many parts of the lake. when the water level drops, canyon walls that were once inundated are exposed again.
referred to as the “bathtub ring,” this pale outline shows when the lake is below capacity. calcium carbonate and other mineral compounds, many of them various salts in the water, attach themselves to the sandstone and leave behind this white mark. the top of the white mark is the high water mark. the only time the bathtub ring is not visible is when the lake is completely full.



bear glacier lagoon 
glaciers, water            
ice, icebergs, lagoon, moraines, snow            
before 1950, the entire basin was covered by…            

59.9569
-149.5823
 
bear glacier, alaska, usa 
off            
3222            
before 1950, the entire basin was covered by bear glacier and ended at a terminal moraine. by 1961, a small lake had formed, referred to as bear glacier lagoon. by 1984, the size of the lagoon had doubled. it has continued to grow quickly as the glacier has retreated over time. people can now go kayaking among the icebergs on bear glacier lagoon.
in august 2014, water from bear glacier lagoon breached the moraine that separates the lagoon from resurrection bay. lake levels dropped by 1–2 feet (0.3–0.6 meters). these glacier lake outburst floods occur regularly. the breach is visible in the extreme close-up in the 2014 landsat image, in which different infrared wavelengths were used to make the breach more visible.



bear glacier, alaska, usa 
glaciers, water            
ice, icebergs, lagoon, moraines, snow            
satellite images of earth help us observe…            

59.9569
-149.5823
 
bear glacier, alaska, usa 
on            
3219            
satellite images of earth help us observe locations that can be difficult to reach in person. glaciers are sensitive to changes in regional and global climate, so scientists want to monitor them regularly. while some scientists study glaciers in the field, the landsat satellites allow many others to monitor glacial change from the comfort of their office.
bear glacier is an outlet glacier of the harding icefield in kenai fjords national park, alaska. glaciers form when fallen snow compresses into an ice mass over many years; the process usually takes centuries. the ice then flows to lower elevations. besides showing visible retreat over the past few decades, bear glacier has also thinned about 2.5 feet (0.75 meters) per year from the early 1950s to the 1990s. 
since bear glacier and many other remote glaciers are largely inaccessible, satellite images provide important insights into how they change over time.
(black stripes run through some of the images because of the scan line corrector failure on landsat 7 in may 2003.)



beijing, china 
cities            
airport, canals, expressways, inner city, olympics, stadium, urban growth            
these images show the growth of beijing from…            

39.9161
116.3909
 
beijing, china 
on            
3109            
these images show the growth of beijing from 1977 to 2022. in the images, the blue tones representing buildings and pavement spread outward, replacing the red tones of natural and agricultural vegetation. the city has now grown far beyond its traditional core around the inner city, which is visible as a bright rectangle in the zoom-in images.



beijing's growth 
cities            
expressways, inner city, urban growth            
beijing has grown and changed remarkably in…            

39.9161
116.3909 
 
beijing, china 
off            
3112            
beijing has grown and changed remarkably in the "reform era" since 1979, in its own distinct pattern. u.s. cities, for example, are often shaped like a circus tent, with a sharp peak of skyscrapers in the center, sloping off to mid-rise buildings and then low suburbs of single-family houses. beijing, in contrast, is bowl-shaped, with low historic buildings in its center, surrounded by many commercial skyscrapers and residential towers. height restrictions have limited many buildings to 3 stories within 250 m of the forbidden city, 10 stories within the second ring road, and unlimited stories beyond. and single-family buildings are rare in beijing, except in recent western-style suburbs built for foreigners.
several distinct dynamics have shaped beijing's growth. the state built a great deal of housing in beijing during the 1950s, but little was built in the 1960s and 1970s, partly to discourage migration to the city. in the 1970s, many people who spent the cultural revolution in the countryside returned to beijing, and others came seeking jobs. married couples increasingly sought their own home after marriage rather than living with their parents. by the late 1970s, housing was scarce and crowded. in 1979, along with new reforms, came a boom in housing construction that was much-needed. beijing's 2021 population is estimated at just over 19.4 million, with a population density of just over 4,600 people per square km.
in the more socialist era of 1949–1979, most beijingers lived and worked in the same place. these "work units" included communal dining halls and infirmaries. so the city was not highly differentiated into office, shopping, industrial, and residential areas. there were few reasons to travel across town often. this has also changed in the reform era; housing is typically still tied to a job, especially for the many state employees, but this housing is not at the workplace. many work-units buy floors of apartment buildings, or other blocks of housing, so many coworkers live together.
in the 1980s, many industrial plants were moved from the central city to outlying areas. much of the new housing was also outside the third ring road, in medium- and high-rise buildings often built on former agricultural land. in the central city, office districts and shopping districts have been built or expanded. many new buildings serve the increasing number of foreigners doing business in beijing.
partly because people's daily activities now occur in separate parts of the city, traffic has increased greatly, and congestion is a major problem. an extensive subway line now operates in beijing. by 2010, the beijing subway network had 14 lines, 198 stations, and 336 km of track.
the chinese government has provided a bicycle renting system in beijing to try to relieve traffic congestion. but car use has risen dramatically in the last decade, and city planners are planning around the automobile and building expressways.



belzoni 
aquaculture            
catfish, catfish farming, catfish ponds, delta, fish            
during the aquaculture expansion of the 1980s…            

33.311206
-90.62133
 
catfish farms, mississippi, usa 
off            
3492            
during the aquaculture expansion of the 1980s, cropland in the fertile valley was converted to catfish ponds. after the decline, many ponds returned to cropland. some were left unused.
the landsat images from 1972 and 1986 show that impressive expansion. based on the 1972 image, which is coarser resolution than the later landsat imagery, the land was either cropland or flat wetland before the catfish ponds were constructed.
near belzoni, mississippi, many ponds have partially converted to cropland. according to the usda cropland data layer, the region shown in these images has converted to cotton, corn, soybeans, and rice growing. there are also woody wetlands in the former ponds.
the 2021 images span the seasons to show which areas have converted back to cropland. actively growing crops appear bright green in the summer images. those fields turn a washed-out pink after harvest. the areas that remain dark green in the fall are forested. by winter, those areas, too, become a faded brown and are the first areas to green up again in spring.
where the water disappears throughout the 2021 images may be rice fields. places where the water persists all year are catfish ponds.



beyond the ice 
glaciers, mountains            
ice, snow, volcanoes            
tourism is now a major part of the local…            

-3.0665
37.3507
 
mount kilimanjaro, tanzania 
off            
3468            
tourism is now a major part of the local economy. ten thousand visitors climb the mountain every year, employing local people as porters and guides. the snow and ice are part of what attracts the tourists, some of whom come as a “last chance” opportunity, believing that the glaciers will soon disappear. scientific estimates of that date vary, and some believe the glaciers on the side slopes may survive. if the glaciers do disappear, seasonal snow will still whiten the peak, but perhaps not in the dry seasons when most tourists come. in the end, on this mountain both science and economics are always drawn back, as if by some powerful cultural gravity, to the famous white landscape on its peak.



big dam, big changes 
dams, energy, water            
flooding, hydropower, lakes, reservoirs, rivers            
besides hydropower, the dam has made river…            

30.8179
110.9978
 
three gorges dam, china 
off            
3171            
besides hydropower, the dam has made river navigation easier. the river is now deeper and slower, allowing larger ships to travel on the river from shanghai, at the river’s estuary, all the way to chongqing, over 373 miles (600 kilometers) upstream from the dam. the landsat images show straight lines next to the dam—the lock system that raises and lowers ships past the dam.
historically, the yangtze river has flooded catastrophically. the floods have caused thousands of deaths and damaged agricultural land. flood control is one of the major anticipated benefits of the dam. the overall long-term extent of this benefit can be determined in the future as a wider range of high water levels are experienced on the river. in addition to flood regulation, water from the reservoir has been used to irrigate dry farmland during drought.
however, the project came with some downsides, including the relocation of over 1 million people. other dangers added to the project’s criticisms. for example, much less sediment now reaches the lower portions of the river, which affects the intertidal wetland habitat at the river’s delta.
the reservoir’s water level is allowed to go down in summer to accommodate floodwaters. the water level rises again at the end of summer. these periodic water pressure changes destabilize the surrounding slopes, increasing the likelihood of landslides. furthermore, the added weight of the reservoir’s water may be intensifying local fault activity; since the reservoir filled in 2003, seismic activity has increased.
the reservoir could also affect precipitation in the region. the lake effect in this mountainous region can be enhanced; moist air is forced upward as it reaches the shoreline, adding to low stratus clouds and fog. additionally, the enhanced evaporation because of the lake can create a microclimate with different precipitation patterns.



bitumen 
forests, mining, natural disasters            
bitumen, boreal forest, oil, oil sands            
the oil type mined in the athabasca oil sands…            

56.978
-111.46
 
athabasca oil sands, alberta, canada 
off            
3201            
the oil type mined in the athabasca oil sands region of northwestern alberta, canada, is bitumen. this naturally occurring oil is so viscous that even at room temperature it acts like cold molasses.
the oil sand is quartz sand; each grain of sand is surrounded by a thin film of water, and then covered in the heavy oil. the bitumen is too thick to flow or to be pumped without first being heated.
of the three oil sands areas in alberta, only the athabasca region has reserves shallow enough for surface mining. the athabasca river, over tens of millions of years, eroded away the sediment that covered the bitumen, making it reachable. surface mining causes a larger and more visible disturbance of the land surface than other types of mining. the surface mineable area there covers about 4,800 square kilometers (1,850 square miles).




black hills, sd, usa 
forests, mountains, wildlife            
burn scars, insect infestation, mountain pine beetle, ponderosa pine            
we can’t see bugs from space, but we can see…            

43.8433
-103.4946
 
black hills, sd, usa 
on            
3224            
we can’t see bugs from space, but we can see the effects of insect infestation in landsat imagery. an unprecedented mountain pine beetle epidemic started in the black hills of south dakota in 1996 and has damaged about 430,000 acres of forest land. the pine beetle, about the size of a grain of rice, is killing ponderosa and other pines throughout the black hills.
normally, the mountain pine beetle contributes to the health of a forest by infesting and killing older and stressed trees, which helps make the forest more productive. however, the recent large outbreak is doing more harm than good. it can affect water quality. it can convert the forest from a carbon sink to a carbon source. and where insect outbreaks and forest disturbance caused by wildfire overlap, the effects can actually be both harmful and beneficial. all of the effects of an outbreak need to be monitored.
mountain pine beetles usually live in small numbers. it’s normal for the population to boom occasionally, but the current epidemic is unprecedented. beyond the black hills, pine beetle outbreaks have occurred extensively in many pine forests throughout western north america, from british columba in canada to new mexico.
in these landsat images, beetle infestation is typically indicated by a washed-out pinkish color as seen in the top center and lower right of the images. the more pronounced pink region in the lower left of these images is a burn scar from the jasper fire, which occurred in 2000.



black rock playa, nevada, usa 
deserts, water            
dust, festival, hydrology, lakebed, lakes, playa, population, scarp, sediments, wind            
in a desolate corner of nevada, a playa…            

40.7861
-119.207
 
black rock playa, nevada, usa 
on            
3052            
in a desolate corner of nevada, a playa surrounded by rugged mountains and described as dry, dusty, desolate, and devoid of vegetation comes to life the week before labor day every year for a unique arts festival.
black rock playa in northwestern nevada is part of the lakebed of ancient lake lahontan, a deep lake that existed as recently as 15,000 years ago. lake lahontan left fine sediments on the lake bottom to form the extremely flat surface. according to a detailed topographic study, the elevation of the playa varies by just 1 meter over 310 square kilometers.
the playa stretches 56 kilometers from the small town of gerlach toward the northeast and the edge of the black rock range.
rainfall is rare during summer when daily high temperatures regularly exceed 37°c, making the surface hard-packed and dusty. snowmelt flows into the playa in the spring to smooth out the surface. the clay minerals on the lakebed expand when wet and then contract as they dry to form a cracked pattern.
black rock playa is managed by the bureau of land management (blm) as the black rock desert–high rock canyon emigrant trails national conservation area.



black thunder mine 
energy, mining            
coal, open pits            
the black thunder mine, shown in the series of…            

43.59
-105.29
 
powder river basin, wyoming, usa 
off            
3236            
the black thunder mine, shown in the series of landsat images on the left, has sent 2.2 billion tons of coal to u.s. power plants since 1977. it produces 4 tons of coal per second.
the images show the expansion of the open-pit mining operations at black thunder. the black lines are the coal seams, the layers of coal that formed over time and lie under the land surface. lighter straight lines are stepped benches that allow trucks to drive in and out of the mine.
 




botany bay 
cities, coasts            
airports, harbors, ports, urban growth            
the other major natural harbour on the south…            

-33.852
151.2105
 
sydney, australia 
off            
3174            
the other major natural harbour on the south end of these images is botany bay. the runways of sydney airport stretch into the bay. the main north-south runway is 3,962 meters long and was built in 1963. the other runway that extends into the bay appears in the 2002 image; it was completed in 1994.
another expansion seen in botany bay is port botany, a major shipping port for australia. the port is in an ideal location because of the deep water channels of the bay and proximity to the open waters of the tasman sea. the most recent addition is seen in the 2013 image, which shows the development of 63 hectares of land.



breiðamerkurjökull glacier, iceland 
glaciers, water            
ice, icebergs, lagoon, lake, proglacial lake, snow            
the breiðamerkurjökull glacier tongue, one of…            

64.1080
-16.2630
 
breiðamerkurjökull glacier, iceland 
on            
3227            
the breiðamerkurjökull glacier tongue, one of the largest in iceland, flows from vatnajökull, iceland’s largest glacier. according to descriptions in historical accounts, this glacier tongue advanced toward the atlantic ocean up until the turn of the 19th century. since about 1930, it has been in full retreat.
in these false color landsat images, vegetated land surfaces appear red. snow and ice are white. the vatnajökull glacier is the bright white area in the upper left. outlet glaciers streak away from it toward the atlantic ocean in the lower right. breiðamerkurjökull is the largest glacial tongue on vatnajökull and is featured in the center of these images.
(black stripes run through the 2006 image because of the scan line corrector failure on landsat 7 in may 2003.)



bridge 
agriculture, cities, coasts            
airports, bridges, delta, megacities, urban growth            
cities that are growing this rapidly must also…            

22.621
113.729
 
pearl river delta, china 
off            
3154            
cities that are growing this rapidly must also show accompanying infrastructure changes. the additions of bridges, highways, railroads, and airports are intended to merge the cities of the delta into a single megalopolis.
one ambitious project is the hong kong-zhuhai-macau bridge, which opened in 2018, to connect the three cities and cut the travel time from hong kong to zhuhai from 3 hours to 30 minutes. visible as a long, thin line across the bay, the bridge-tunnel system includes 42 kilometers of bridges over water and a 7-kilometer tunnel. the tunnel allows ships to enter and exit the bay and runs between two artificial islands. the entire system is about 15 times longer than the golden gate bridge. the total cost of bridge was $7.56 billion.
built to withstand an 8.0 earthquake, the bridge makes it easier for goods from the entire prd to be transported to hong kong’s international airport for export. speaking of the airport, a third runway was added north of the existing runways, 3,800 m long and built on 650 hectares of reclaimed land.
the natural color image from europe's copernicus sentinel-2 satellite shows the bridge at 10-meter resolution. ships are visible in the water, including the wakes behind the ships.



bringing the sea to the desert 
coasts, deserts            
estuary, lagoons, marshland            
building sea city is a massive and challenging…            

28.66
48.388
 
sabah al ahmad sea city, kuwait 
off            
3391            
building sea city is a massive and challenging engineering project that requires constant innovation. as seen in the 1994 image from landsat, the area is a natural estuary with tidal creeks. the design of sea city follows these existing tidal creeks to bring water inland from the gulf.
the first phase of construction began in 2003. the 2004 landsat image shows the first artificial waterway. eventually, the sea will be brought inland to the desert by about 9 kilometers on what was once desolate unusable salt marsh. the lagoons created are 3–4 meters deep on average.
the water in the lagoons needs to be flushed and kept circulating so it doesn’t become stagnant. with the gulf’s tidal range of 2.7 meters, this flushing happens in the waterways of sea city naturally. farther inland, however, tidal action needs a little help. giant gates help control the flow of the tides and ensure circulation of the entire lagoon system. it works like a natural pump. testing of the seawater has shown that its quality is excellent.



brunt ice shelf, antarctica 
glaciers            
calving, chasm, crevasses, ice, ice rumples, ice shelf, icebergs, rifts, thermal            
one of the most studied ice shelves in…            

-75.631
-26.5
 
brunt ice shelf, antarctica 
on            
3482            
one of the most studied ice shelves in antarctica has recently seen big changes. while the calving process is a normal part of an ice shelf’s lifecycle, recent rifting and iceberg calving may mean that the brunt ice shelf is in a period of instability. it could also be an indicator of the future of other ice shelves in this region.
landsat satellites have watched the ice shelf for nearly five decades. in 1971, a calving event reduced its extent. this occurred just before the first landsat launched in 1972, so the earliest landsat observations of brunt came during the antarctic summer of 1972–1973.
and now, landsat 9 has joined landsat 8 in observing the changing rifts on the ice shelf.




buraydah 
cities, deserts            
population, urban growth            
the smaller city of buraydah, northwest of…            

24.7117
46.7242
 
riyadh, saudi arabia 
off            
3456            
the smaller city of buraydah, northwest of riyadh, shows the same pattern of urban growth and agricultural development. from 1972 to 1986, the population of buraydah almost tripled, from 60,000 to about 180,000 people. the rapid growth continued, and the population was 378,422 in 2004 and 669,000 in 2020. the 48-year increase is over 1,000%.
new roads are visible in these images, and irrigated land has increased. buraydah and riyadh both lie in saudi arabia’s central corridor of settlement and development.



burn mapping 
fires, natural disasters            
burn severity mapping, near-infrared, shortwave infrared            
after a wildland fire, scientists at the usgs…            

46.1784
-121.3653
 
cougar creek fire, washington, usa 
off            
3255            
after a wildland fire, scientists at the usgs eros center quickly begin working on preliminary soil burn severity assessments. they provide results of this work to department of interior (doi) burned area emergency response (baer) teams and other local federal land managers. baer teams consist of an interdisciplinary group of scientists that evaluate the effects of wildland fires and develop mitigation plans to protect valuable natural resources, protect human life and property, and promote landscape recovery.
“the soil burn severity map is a critical component for many of the baer team postfire hazard mitigation prescriptions,” says randy mckinley, a geographer with the usgs eros center, who routinely maps fires on doi-managed lands for the bureau of land management, national park service, bureau of indian affairs, and the u.s. fish and wildlife service.
the burn severity map, also called a burned area reflectance classification (barc) map, is created using digital image processing techniques developed by usgs, usfs, and other scientists. the barc is a preliminary soil burn severity map that is field validated and refined by the baer team. the final map provides a synoptic view of large fires that is not easily obtained in a timely manner on the ground.
the barc map is made by comparing nir and swir spectral band values. nir light is largely reflected by healthy green vegetation. swir light is largely reflected by ash and bare soil. the burn map exploits the relationship between these two bands. the best way to do this is to measure the relationship between these bands prefire and then again postfire. the areas where the relationship between the two bands has changed the most are most likely to be severely burned. the areas where that relationship has changed little are likely to be unburned or very lightly burned.
for example, landsat 8 helped map destruction caused by the cougar creek fire near mount adams, 75 miles northeast of portland, oregon, which started on august 10, 2015. in the three images to the left, snow appears cyan on its peak. the postfire landsat image from september 11, 2015, shows where the previous green vegetation south and east of the mountain is now charred and appears in shades of red. in the burn severity map, dark green is non-burned, light blue is low burn severity, yellow is moderate severity, and red is high.
the timely delivery of barc maps, generally in less than 2 days after image acquisition, would not be possible without the usgs capability to efficiently downlink, process, and distribute landsat and other satellite data. usgs hydrologists and soil scientists routinely request barc products to obtain a better understanding of postfire erosion and water quality issues. mckinley adds, “barc maps have also proven to be a crucial data layer for the modeling and prediction of potentially destructive postfire debris flows.”
eros responds to dozens of requests for burn mapping support each year. it’s not possible to get such a quick and complete assessment without satellite imagery. landsat’s 30-m resolution is optimal for providing the detail suitable for landscape scale wildland fire mapping. when landsat data are not available, imagery from the nasa eo-1 satellite, esa’s sentinel-2, and satellite sensors such as advanced spaceborne thermal emission and reflection radiometer (aster) and moderate resolution imaging spectroradiometer (modis) provide options for developing a complete picture of landscape change caused by wildland fire.



burning man 
deserts, water            
festival, lakebed, playa, population, wind            
a unique event takes place every year on black…            

40.7861 
-119.207
 
black rock playa, nevada, usa 
off            
3054            
a unique event takes place every year on black rock playa, nevada. burning man is a weeklong arts and culture festival that ends on the saturday of labor day weekend with the burning of a huge wooden effigy.
part of the event is the construction of a temporary metropolis named black rock city. building of the temporary town starts about 6 weeks before the event. this is the most visible product of the event in satellite images.
besides the city’s radial roadways, the images show a pentagon surrounding the city. this “trash fence” catches wind-blown garbage to keep it from spreading throughout the playa. a major policy of burning man is to leave no trace. all debris must be cleaned up after the event is over. participants must pick up all moop, which stands for matter out of place. the bureau of land management (blm), which grants the license for the event, monitors the cleanup.
a landsat 8 image from october 16, 2018, shows not only the temporary nature of the metropolis but also that cleanup is evidently still in progress on that date.
burning man began in 1986 in california with 20 attendees and a 2.4-meter effigy. the festival’s first year at black rock playa was in 1990, when the event had outgrown its california beach location. the temporary city that year had a population of 350 and the effigy was 12 meters tall. the 2018 event included 70,000 people. in recent years, the height of the entire effigy has exceeded 30 meters.
usually located in the southern portion of the playa, the festival location changes slightly every year. can you find the festival location in the 1996 image? (look in the upper right of that image.) how about in 1999? (extreme southwestern part of the playa.)
the city becomes easier to spot as the event grows larger. in the 2018 image, black rock city spans nearly 5 kilometers across. but its area covers only about 3 percent of the entire playa.
burning man went virtual in 2020 due to covid-19. its temporary city was absent from satellite imagery on labor day weekend for the first time in decades. after another year without a festival on the playa in 2021, burning man returned in 2022.

check out this hi-resolution aerial image from the national agriculture imagery program (naip) of burning man 2019.



calama 
mining            
population            
as expected in the atacama desert, landsat…            

-22.298
-68.905
 
chuquicamata mine, chile 
off            
3087            
as expected in the atacama desert, landsat doesn’t detect much vegetation—only some green along the río loa and next to the city of calama. calama has seen a rising population because of the influx of mine workers. the images show this visible urban area expansion. notice the airport expansion that took place between the 2010 and 2016 images.

population of calama


year
population




2020
190,336


2017
171,875


2012
160,794


2007
151,296


2002
142,211






can you tell the ridges from the valleys? 
mountains            
relief inversion            
look at the zoomed in images by the coast. can…            

36.0883
52.1517
 
elburz mountains, iran 
off            
3284            
look at the zoomed in images by the coast. can you tell the peaks (that is, the ridges) from the valleys? it may seem easy, but you may be tricked by a common optical illusion in satellite images called relief inversion.
all landsat images are designed to be morning views, so all of these images were taken in the morning. the sun is to the east and south, so these images are lit from below and to the right. this causes the western and northwestern slopes to appear dark because they face the sun less squarely, and so are less illuminated.
however, we unconsciously expect to see images lit from above. this tricks the brain into believing that mountains are valleys or that craters are mountains. if you look at the image upside-down, with the sun angle generally from the top of the image, you will probably see the image differently.



canal 
cities            
canals, reservoirs            
on the east end of the largest portion of the…            

32.625
110.814
 
shiyan, china 
off            
3322            
on the east end of the largest portion of the danjiangkou reservoir, a bright line extends to the east and north. this canal takes water from the reservoir 1,400 kilometers to beijing. this water will benefit over 100 million people.
construction of this central route of the south-north water transfer project began in december 2003. beijing began receiving water from the reservoir via the canal in 2014. the entire project is the biggest interbasin transfer scheme in the world.



canals and levees 
agriculture, cities, mining, water, wetlands            
canals, hydrology, levees, national park, population, urban growth            
historically, water flowed slowly southward…            

25.95
-80.65
 
the everglades and miami, florida, usa 
off            
3435            
historically, water flowed slowly southward through the everglades in a wide swath. record floods in 1947 and 1948 led to the construction of a massive flood control project. it served to prevent flooding and store water during dry periods. it also allowed for further development of the growing urban area on the atlantic coastal ridge.
the project established three water conservation areas (wcas), one of which is the loxahatchee national wildlife refuge. these areas are delineated in the landsat images, clearly divided by the levees and canals. also visible are the big cypress national preserve, everglades national park, and everglades agricultural area.
another part of the project is the 100-mile-long eastern perimeter levee, a 3- to 6-meter high earthen berm built to prevent flooding of farmland and urban areas. it runs along the eastern edge of the wcas, marking a clear separation between the wcas and urban areas such as miami, fort lauderdale, and coral springs.
along with facilitating the further growth of the urban areas of greater miami, the other upshot of the project was that the natural flow of water was interrupted, changing the hydrology of the region. the gradual sheet flow of freshwater is diminished, and instead sudden pulses of water are delivered by the canals. these sudden releases caused decreases in the numbers of fish species.



cape cod, massachusetts, usa 
coasts, water            
barrier islands, erosion, islands, sediment, storm surge, storms, tide, weather            
along some coastlines, long, narrow islands…            

41.647
-69.9535
 
cape cod, massachusetts, usa 
on            
3068            
along some coastlines, long, narrow islands stand guard. these barrier islands are attractive to tourists, but they also protect the mainland coast from storm surge and are important beach, dune, and marsh habitats. those islands do take a beating though.
these images focus on the southeastern elbow of cape cod, massachusetts. wave action, currents, winds, and tides are constantly changing the barrier islands here. strong storms can change them quite suddenly.
in 1984, a nearly unbroken barrier island lines the massachusetts coast at chatham. to the south, monomoy island extends into the ocean like a teardrop. the other subsections of this earthshots page show over 35 years of changes to these barrier islands as seen by three different landsat satellites.



catfish farms, mississippi, usa 
aquaculture            
catfish, catfish farming, catfish ponds, delta, fish, lakes, levees, oxbow lakes, river            
farming doesn’t always mean tilling the ground…            

33.311206
-90.621333
 
catfish farms, mississippi, usa 
on            
3490            
farming doesn’t always mean tilling the ground for crops. in the flat valley along the mississippi river, in a distinctive region of northwestern mississippi referred to as “the delta,” rich soils do support agriculture. but the flat land and abundant groundwater are also suited to aquaculture. aquaculture simply means cultivating aquatic plants or fish for food. in this part of mississippi, it means catfish farming.
catfish are raised in arkansas and alabama, but mississippi has led the nation in catfish production since the 1980s. the farm-raised catfish eat high-protein food pellets made of soybeans, corn, wheat, vitamins, and minerals. the pellets float on top of the water, so the fish don’t eat like wild bottom-feeding catfish do. the result is healthier fish with a cleaner, milder taste.
the mississippi river meanders down the left side of these landsat images. green indicates vegetation: bright green shapes are cropland, and darker green shades are forests. surface water is dark blue. besides the mississippi, other streams and oxbow lakes are scattered across the region. the catfish ponds are the distinctive blue squares and rectangles among the cropland. the washed-out pink areas are harvested fields.



catfish ponds 
aquaculture            
catfish, catfish farming, catfish ponds, delta, fish, levees            
the catfish industry grew rapidly in the 1980s…            

33.311206
-90.62133
 
catfish farms, mississippi, usa 
off            
3491            
the catfish industry grew rapidly in the 1980s and 1990s. the blue-tinted shapes in the landsat images mark the ponds where the whiskered fish are raised. the ponds are built above ground with levees, and the water in the ponds is 4–6 feet deep.
catfish pond acreage reduced by more than half from 2003 to 2013. rising costs and low-priced imports from china and vietnam led to the decline.
at the same time, increased productivity from technological efficiencies led to higher yields and less land needed for the ponds. among those efficiencies was the development of a hybrid catfish species, a mix of ictalurus punctatus (channel catfish) and ictalurus furcatus (blue catfish).
the hybrid grows faster, is easier to harvest, and has greater tolerance to crowding, so less area is needed to grow more fish. the business term for that is “increased operational intensity.”
other technological efficiencies reduced costs and spurred growth in the 2010s, including electric paddlewheel aerators, automated oxygen monitors, and pumps to circulate the water. ponds are now divided into separate sections for treating wastewater and for the fish. these split ponds make treating the water more efficient.



cattle corridors 
agriculture            
cattle, grazing            
some of the dark lines in the images might…            

14.064
-3.47
 
seno plain, mali 
off            
3336            
some of the dark lines in the images might look like roads. those lines are a transportation network of sorts, just not transportation for people. they are cattle corridors that connect grazing lands (dark patches) and sometimes connect to villages. they are lined with hedges to keep the cattle out of the crops.
one line that goes all the way across these images is indeed a road. it passes through the city of bankass. but the other lines are cattle corridors.



causes and plans 
deserts, water, wetlands            
irrigation, lakes, rivers, saltwater, water use            
the diversion of water from the rivers for…            

37.5653
45.449
 
lake urmia, iran 
off            
3366            
the diversion of water from the rivers for agricultural use is probably the most significant cause of lake urmia’s decline. several dams have also been built on rivers that flow into the lake. since 1996, droughts have further contributed to the lower lake levels.
rainfall in 2018-19 brought water levels back up. that rainfall did not bring a permanent restoration of the lake, as the 2023 image shows.
no single fix can help the lake recover. but the continual monitoring from landsat helps decision makers plan for the best solutions.



causes of land loss 
coasts, water, wetlands            
bayou, canals, delta, island, marshland, saltwater, sea level rise, sediment, subsidence            
high-resolution imagery from the worldview…            

29.3924
-90.4870
 
isle de jean charles, louisiana, usa 
off            
3347            
high-resolution imagery from the worldview satellite and aerial photos show details that moderate resolution satellite imagery cannot. the result of the land loss and its effect on isle de jean charles becomes clear in these images.
the loss of land in southern louisiana has several causes.

dams upriver, dams trap sediment that normally flowed to the delta and built it up.
subsidence the land in the louisiana delta has always sunk naturally. faults contribute to regional subsidence, and sediments naturally compress over time. deposits flowing from the mississippi river continually replenished and built up the land. much of this sediment is now trapped by upstream dams, taking away the rebuilding process.
sea level rise the long-term gradual rise in sea level combined with that subsidence increases the land loss more than either factor alone.
canals 10,000 miles of canals dug through the marshland, built for oil and gas production activities, bring saltwater farther inland, which degrades freshwater marshlands.
hurricanes storm surge and waves can propagate farther inland because of land loss, making matters worse. hurricanes erode the soft land from the coast and can damage both vulnerable and healthy marshlands.

the saltwater that washes farther inland also invades the soil and has made the area no longer good for farming. as the marshland retreats, the saltwater enters bald cypress swamp and kills the trees.
island roadthe only road into or out of the island is the 2-mile-long island road. when it was built in 1953, land and marsh surrounded it. tribal members hunted and trapped on the land around the road. it now cuts across open water. it often submerges during high tide, and erosion continues to eat away at the roadbed.



change animation 
cities, deserts, water            
construction, golf courses, highways, lakes, population, suburb, urban growth, water use            
if you could speed up time and watch a fast-…            

36.2551
-115.2383
 
las vegas, nevada, usa 
off            
3062            
if you could speed up time and watch a fast-growing city like las vegas change, what would it look like? from the perspective of the landsat satellites, it’s a stunning lesson in urban growth. watch las vegas’ rapid expansion in these landsat images dating back to 1972.
in each image, bright red indicates actively growing vegetation. this makes golf courses easy to spot, and their development can be tracked along with the residential areas that surround them.
the desert landscape gradually becomes covered with streets, highways, and development as time goes on. a plot of very light tan can sometimes be seen right before a new residential area is built. this indicates a clearing of the land.
other natural bright areas also appear around the urban development. the bright reflection indicates the presence of salts, minerals, and clays in the sediment. water once settled in these flat, lower elevation areas and these minerals remained. the brown-tan regions surrounding the city are likely steeper slopes where flowing water rinsed out those minerals. darker tones indicate coarser material, and lighter tones are fine material such as clays that have a higher reflectance.
each image represents one year from 1972 to 2024. landsats 1–5 and landsat 7–9 are represented, which demonstrates the value of the past landsat data along with new data for monitoring change over time. landsat images are available to the public at no cost at the usgs global visualization viewer (http://glovis.usgs.gov) or earthexplorer (http://earthexplorer.usgs.gov).

watch this animation of landsat images of las vegas, or view the individual images at your own speed below.



changi airport  
cities, coasts            
airports, islands, land creation            
the new shoreline extends east of the city all…            

1.3521
103.8198
 
singapore 
off            
3249            
the new shoreline extends east of the city all the way to the airport on the island’s tip. in the mid-1970s, the government moved the main international terminal from paya lebar to changi, partly to allow more distance between the planes and new, higher skyscrapers downtown.
in the 1989 image, on the east end of the island, you can see the old and new runways, parallel and a few miles apart. planes now land where once was only water. a further extension of the land on the eastern tip was built for chengi air base, visible in the 2000 image and later.



chasm 1 
glaciers            
calving, chasm, crevasses, ice, ice rumples, ice shelf, icebergs, rifts            
a feature known as chasm 1 is prominent in the…            

-75.631
-26.5
 
brunt ice shelf, antarctica 
off            
3484            
a feature known as chasm 1 is prominent in the landsat imagery. this crack reactivated in december 2012 after no movement for 35 years. the landsat images show rapid growth of the chasm, especially in 2018 and 2019, as it extended toward the mcdonald ice rumples.
in early 2019, chasm 1 was extending north as fast as 4 kilometers per year, and from 2012 to 2021, the rift widened almost three-fold.
on january 22, 2023, an iceberg the size of houston finally broke off the shelf. landsat images show the area a day before the break and a few days after. the new iceberg, named a-81, will be carefully tracked by satellites as it floats into the weddell sea.
the time series of images also shows chasm 1 moving westward with the flow of the ice shelf.



checkerboard pattern 
forests            
clearcuts, forestry, logging, reforestation            
the close-up landsat images that accompany…            

43.2259
-123.6700
 
logging in oregon, usa 
off            
3415            
the close-up landsat images that accompany this section show an obvious checkerboard pattern in the forest. these lands are known as “o&c” lands, which stands for oregon and california railroad. land granted to o&c in 1866 was every other square mile, which formed the checkerboard pattern seen in the imagery. these lands now belong to the federal government, managed by the bureau of land management (blm).
in these images, the squares that remain dark green generally are lands that belong to the blm. in some of those squares, there is clearcutting and regrowth taking place in this time frame. adjacent squares, however, have a more noticeable change in tan or white spots, indicating more frequent clearcuts in the logging/reforestation cycle.
view an animation of this area to see the changes as they happen.



chernobyl, ukraine 
agriculture, wildlife            
accident, cooling pond, exclusion zone, lakes, nuclear power plant, nuclear reactor, radiation, river, thermal            
a nuclear accident devastated the region near…            

51.2619
30.2360
 
chernobyl, ukraine 
on            
3229            
a nuclear accident devastated the region near chernobyl, ukraine, on april 26, 1986. these images show the area around the nuclear power plant three days after the accident, and then years and decades after the accident.
the landsat 5 image from april 29, 1986, was the first civilian satellite image of the accident. the data from landsat were used to help confirm that an explosion had happened at chernobyl and that the plant had been shut down.



cheyenne bottoms, kansas, usa 
agriculture, water, wetlands, wildlife            
canals, dikes, migration, waterfowl            
cheyenne bottoms in central kansas is the…            

38.455
-98.68
 
cheyenne bottoms, kansas, usa 
on            
3501            
cheyenne bottoms in central kansas is the largest inland wetland in the united states. a 41,000-acre natural basin, the wetland is a key stopover for a multitude of migrating birds to eat and rest. the cheyenne bottoms wildlife area covers nearly half of the basin.
the wetland’s water level changes with precipitation and surface flows. for example, 2007 was a wet year, and 2013 was a dry year until heavy rain in late summer partially replenished the marshland.
the lines in the basin are roads on top of dikes, built in the 1950s to impound water in five pools and manage water levels. further subdivision of the wetland pools took place in the 1990s. water levels in individual pools are periodically flooded or drained to control invasive vegetation (such as hybrid cattails) and promote desirable aquatic vegetation. additionally, small grains such as japanese millet are sometimes seeded to provide supplemental food resources, then flooded to make the food available to foraging waterfowl.
the crops surrounding cheyenne bottoms include alfalfa, sorghum, wheat, corn, and soybeans, along with pasture.
two intermittent streams, blood and deception creeks, flow into the bottoms from the northwest. canals were built to divert water from the arkansas river and wet walnut creek to provide a source of supplemental water to the wetland. however, drought kept the bottoms dry in 2022.




chuquicamata mine, chile 
mining            
copper, open pit, ore, population, tailings, waste            
the atacama desert of northern chile has…            

-22.298
-68.905  
 
chuquicamata mine, chile 
on            
3084            
the atacama desert of northern chile has minimal vegetation. but it has ample mineral wealth: large amounts of copper, gold, silver, and other industrial metals. this includes the world’s largest open pit copper mine and the second deepest open pit—the chuquicamata mine.
in operation since 1910, the largest open pit at the mine measures 1 kilometer deep, 3 kilometers wide, and 5 kilometers long. new york city’s central park could fit inside it.
evidence shows that copper has been extracted in the region for centuries. indigenous people worked the copper deposits in pre-hispanic times to make weapons and tools. the mine now produces 650,000 metric tons of copper annually.



city growth 
cities, deserts            
flooding, groundwater, sand dunes, sea level, urban growth            
nouakchott was a small fishing village for…            

18.07
-15.97
 
nouakchott, mauritania 
off            
3216            
nouakchott was a small fishing village for hundreds of years. as recently as 1950, it had only about 200 residents. drought throughout the 1970s brought migrants to the city, and its population swelled to about 150,000 in 1980. it now has just over 1 million people, and its urbanized area has changed from 5 km2 in 1965 to 150 km2 in 2016.
a 1965 close-up of nouakchott from the corona satellite shows the extent of the city at that time. since then, the city’s expansion has been horizontal, spreading outward. much of city’s urban growth occurs in informal settlements, which can be seen in the later landsat images in the varying patterns of urban areas. streets go in multiple directions and sprawl unevenly across the desert from the city’s center.
this may be against conventional wisdom, but this growing city in the desert is at high risk for flooding. the city is mostly below sea level and vulnerable to rising groundwater levels, seawater intrusions, porous soils, sand extractions, and heavy rains in low-lying areas.
in recent years, the number of rainy days has been increasing. the biggest problem is that a large amount of rain can fall in a short period of time. since the groundwater level is high, and the type of soil there is not very good at absorbing even a small amount of rain water, rain cannot infiltrate into the ground. these factors lead to a city at high risk. in fact, heavy rains in august 2013 caused flooding in nouakchott and south-central mauritania.



clearcutting 
forests            
clearcuts, forestry, logging, reforestation            
a logging strategy that’s easy to spot in the…            

43.2259
-123.6700
 
logging in oregon, usa 
off            
3414            
a logging strategy that’s easy to spot in the landsat imagery is clearcutting. all the trees in an area are harvested, and then replanting begins immediately. replanting must be completed within 2 years of harvest. in oregon, about 40 million new trees are planted each year. according to the oregon forest resources institute, the reforestation success rate is 95% on private land.
clearcutting is a major change to the forest. clearcuts look unattractive, and they disrupt wildlife habitat. the clearcut area can also increase streamflow in that area, and the soil can erode more quickly until reforestation occurs. therefore, in oregon, the size of clearcuts is limited to 120 acres. they are also limited further when near highways. forested buffers must be maintained along streams, lakes, and wetlands. this protects against possible increased streamflow erosion and maintains wildlife habitat.
there are actually some positive effects to clearcuts. they create open space in the forest that many plants and animals need to flourish. the full sun promotes rapid regrowth of douglas fir and other species that need full sun. also, clearcuts are generally temporary. oregon requires prompt reforestation.



cold war craters 
deserts            
craters            
landsat 8’s near-infrared and…            

37.0888
-116.0413
 
yucca flat, nevada, usa 
off            
3472            
landsat 8’s near-infrared and shortwave infrared imaging shows the pockmarked desert, perhaps more reminiscent of other planetary bodies than earth. the age of the craters just about spans the entire cold war. the first underground test was november 29, 1951; the last september 23, 1992.
despite the hundreds of tests conducted throughout the cold war years, only about 7% of the nevada test site has been disturbed.
while nuclear explosions no longer rock the site, now called the nevada national security site, nuclear weapons research still takes place there based on those tests. computer simulations can help predict what happens during explosions.
the craters have also been used as mars analog craters. since access to the site is restricted, the craters are relatively undisturbed. that, along with the dry climate, helps scientists better understand craters on mars, especially the types of craters that effectively expose near-surface material that mars rovers and drones can study. 



colorful composites 
forests            
clearcuts, forestry, logging            
on earthshots we typically show “multispectral…            

43.2259
-123.6700
 
logging in oregon, usa 
off            
3417            
on earthshots we typically show “multispectral composites”—single-date images that combine three different wavelengths into one image. the example used in this section shows a different combination of infrared wavelengths than was used on the 2016 image from the “interpret the images” section. in this image, the clearcuts are pink against the bright green of the forest. this combination of infrared wavelengths makes the clearcuts that have occurred from one year to the next stand out more clearly.
we don’t often examine change over time in one image. that’s what the colorful image in this section shows. it’s a “multitemporal composite”—one image that shows three different dates combined. this image shows a combination of landsat images from 1994, 2009, and 2016. red shows clearcuts that were evident in the 1994 image. green shows clearcuts that took place by 2009. and blue shows clearcuts that occurred by 2016. darker tones are areas of forest that did not change in this time frame. this way of examining the imagery shows that logging has affected nearly the entire landscape shown, something that may not be evident when looking at a single-date image.
people derive many ecological and economic benefits from forests, and landsat can help forest managers monitor changes to ensure these resources are available for future generations.



columbia glacier, alaska, usa 
glaciers, water            
calving, fjord, ice, icebergs, mélange, moraine, sea level rise, terminus, tidewater glacier            
some landscape changes around the world happen…            

61.0776
-147.0735
 
columbia glacier, alaska, usa 
on            
3243            
some landscape changes around the world happen at glacial pace—very slowly—and have not been captured in the satellite era. however, glacial pace would not describe the changes to alaska’s columbia glacier over the past few decades.
columbia glacier is a large tidewater glacier that flows south out of the chugach mountains in alaska to prince william sound. since 1980, its terminus has retreated 20 kilometers to make it one of the most rapidly changing glaciers in the world.
when it was surveyed by british explorers in 1794, columbia’s terminus was at the northern edge of heather island. it stayed there until 1980, when its current rapid retreat began. a 300-meter deep fjord now replaces the portion of the valley once occupied by the glacier.
this series of landsat images shows the rapid retreat, including an acceleration of the retreat in the early 1990s, followed by slowdowns in 1994–1997 and 2000–2006. it has picked up the pace of retreat again since 2006. columbia has also become narrower, as shown by the expansion of bedrock areas in the images.
the false-color images use shortwave-infrared, near-infrared, and green wavelengths to highlight these changes, where snow and ice appear cyan, vegetation is green, open water is dark, and exposed bedrock is brown.
 
why this matters
land-based ice flowing into the ocean from tidewater glaciers is a leading cause of sea level rise. a 2015 study found that columbia glacier sent about 4 gigatons (billions of tons) of ice into the ocean every year from 1994 to 2013. an increasing rate of iceberg calving can also pose a danger to ships in shipping lanes.



contact information 
 
 
customer services
u.s. geological…            
  
about earthshots 
off            
3074            
customer services
u.s. geological survey
earth resources observation and science (eros) center
47914 252nd street
sioux falls, sd 57198-0001

tel: 800-252-4547
tel: 605-594-6151
email: erosoutreach@usgs.gov
business hours: monday through friday, 8:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m., central time
https://www.usgs.gov/centers/eros
the satellite images presented on the earthshots web site are not intended to be used for scientific interpretation, only for educational purposes. landsat data are freely available and may be downloaded from the usgs global visualization viewer (glovis) at http://glovis.usgs.gov or earthexplorer at http://earthexplorer.usgs.gov.



cooling pond 
agriculture            
accident, cooling pond, lakes, nuclear power plant, radiation, river, thermal            
the landsat 5 image acquired before april 26…            

51.2619
30.2360
 
chernobyl, ukraine 
off            
3233            
the landsat 5 image acquired before april 26 shows heated water being pumped from the plant into the adjacent cooling pond and circulating counterclockwise. landsat 5’s thermal infrared band shows that heated water as orange, then gradually turning yellow then blue as it cools. but the image from april 29 indicates all the water in the pond is the same temperature, evidence the plant was not operating. as the first civilian satellite to image the disaster, landsat 5 helped confirm the disaster had happened, and this was part of the evidence.
in just the past few years, the cooling pond by the former power plant began drying up. satellite images clearly reveal a rapid decrease in water level.
soon after the accident in 1986, radioactive material entered the pond from atmospheric fallout. the contamination went into the pond’s sediment and was shielded by the water. in 2014, the ukraine stopped pumping water into the pond from the pripyat river in order to save money. the consequence of this action could be to expose radioactive sediment to the air where it can be dispersed by the wind.



copenhagen, denmark 
cities            
artificial islands, bridge, development, islands, land creation, population, urban growth            
often described as one of the world’s best…            

55.6629
12.595
 
copenhagen, denmark 
on            
3247            
often described as one of the world’s best cities to live, copenhagen is growing steadily. that growth comes with challenges to keep it a desirable place to live.
in these false-color landsat images, the urban areas of copenhagen are shades of purple. vegetation appears green, and farmland appears bright green when crops are growing and pink when the fields are fallow.
the øresund strait separates copenhagen from malmö, sweden. the strait and other water bodies appear black.
in the time that these images span, the population of copenhagen has grown from 478,615 in 1985 to 580,184 in 2015. but the population of greater copenhagen in 2014 was 1,246,611, up from 1,084,885 in 2006.



corona and wv-2 
agriculture            
cattle, declassified, grazing, resolution            
to get an even more detailed view of this…            

14.064
-3.47
 
seno plain, mali 
off            
3338            
to get an even more detailed view of this region, we can actually go back to satellite imagery from 1967. this pre-landsat imagery, while black-and-white, helps to extend the record of land change on the earth. these images are declassified reconnaissance satellite images and show detailed and informative views of the seno plain.
comparing worldview-2 with corona shows the pattern of change that we see in landsat, only in more detail. in the grayscale corona imagery, bright areas are cultivated cropland. dark gray is grass with shrubs and trees. in the natural color worldview-2 images in 2011, much of that fallow or grassy land has converted to agriculture, indicated by light tan.
the resolution of the corona image is 6 feet. for landsat, it’s 30 meters. so in corona, even single trees can be distinguished.
the more up close images show a few villages in higher detail and demonstrate that they have expanded with the growing population. the darker gray at the bottom of the 1967 image gives way to tan in 2011, which is intensive cropland. those cattle corridors are also clearly visible in this worldview-2 image.



cougar creek fire, washington, usa 
fires, natural disasters            
burn severity mapping, near-infrared, shortwave infrared            
wildland fires can leave behind scorched…            

46.1784
-121.3653
 
cougar creek fire, washington, usa 
on            
3254            
wildland fires can leave behind scorched mountainsides with no trees or other vegetation to stop rain-driven mudslides or dangerous debris flows. when such potential exists, the shortwave infrared (swir) and near-infrared (nir) spectral bands of the landsat satellite sensors help to identify those possibilities quickly.
the six images displayed show prefire conditions in 2014 and the progression of the cougar creek fire in washington on the eastern slopes of mount adams over the several days that it burned in 2015. lightning started the fire on august 10, 2015, and it was not contained until mid-september. while it’s interesting to see the progression of the fire, it’s the prefire and postfire images that are really important for burn severity mapping.
(black stripes run through the landsat 7 images because of the scan line corrector failure on landsat 7 in may 2003.)



cropland 
agriculture            
cattle, grazing            
these close-up images from landsat show the…            

14.064
-3.47
 
seno plain, mali 
off            
3324            
these close-up images from landsat show the seno plain in a bit more detail. the images were acquired during the dry season, so crops were not growing at the time. however, the images do show evidence of how intensely the land was being used for agriculture, indicated by the lighter toned patterns. as in the wider views, the bandiagara escarpment is the feature on the left of these images.
the 1972 image shows that farmers practiced crop rotation, leaving some land fallow. the fallow fields are represented by dark patches. in 1986, however, much of the fallow is gone, and there is even less of it by 2016. bright areas dominate the 2016 image, indicating wall-to-wall cropland over the plain. the darkest patches are grassy fallow areas and are either protected lands or used for cattle grazing.



dallas-fort worth international airport 
cities            
airport, urban growth            
dallas-fort worth international airport,…            

32.8975
-97.0409
 
dallas, texas, usa 
off            
3260            
dallas-fort worth international airport, between dallas and fort worth, opened the year of the first landsat image shown here, 1974. a new runway added after 1974 can be seen west of the airport in the 1989 image. the north-south runway on the east side opened in 1996 and appears in images from 2000 and later. the airport covers almost 30 square miles, making it the second largest airport in the united states.



dallas, texas, usa 
cities            
airport, lakes, reservoirs, suburbs, urban growth            
these images show the dallas–fort worth…            

32.8975
-97.0409 
 
dallas, texas, usa 
on            
3256            
these images show the dallas–fort worth metropolis in northeastern texas. this city has grown significantly in recent decades, from 2,378,000 in 1970 to 7,943,685 by 2022.



damage 
forests, wildlife            
caterpillar, defoliation, insect infestation, moth            
spongy moth caterpillars devour the leaves of…            

41.667
-71.77
 
spongy moth infestation, ma, ct, ri, usa 
off            
3304            
spongy moth caterpillars devour the leaves of hardwood trees, causing the greatest damage in late june as the larvae reach maturity. the caterpillars are hungry little buggers, and they’re not picky eaters. even though they prefer oak and aspen, they feed on other deciduous trees such as maple, birch, poplar, willow, apple, and hawthorn, and can go after coniferous trees during a large outbreak.
during a dense population boom, they eat all the leaves on a tree and can even defoliate entire stands of trees. beginning in 2016, the combination of visible and infrared imaging from landsat revealed the extent of the damage the outbreak has caused.
healthy forest is bright green, but as the time series progresses, much of the green turns to faded brown as the infestation spreads.
though spongy moth outbreaks are a fairly regular occurrence in the more southern portion of their invaded range, this outbreak was the first time spongy moths caused significant defoliation in new england since the 1980s.
 
how did they get here?
an amateur entomologist etienne léopold trouvelot brought spongy moth eggs from france to massachusetts in 1869. he was conducting experiments with the eggs possibly to see if the spongy moth could be an alternative to the native silkworm. the insects somehow escaped from his home and have affected the forests of the northeastern united states ever since.



danjiangkou reservoir 
cities            
canals, reservoirs, rivers            
visible in these images is one canal…            

32.625
110.814
 
shiyan, china 
off            
3321            
visible in these images is one canal associated with the $62 billion south-north water transfer project. water resources are a concern in china because freshwater is distributed throughout the country unevenly. the south has abundant freshwater, but it’s scarce in the north. this project is an attempt to alleviate the water shortage in the north.
the entire project has three different canal routes that link china’s four major rivers (the yangtze river, yellow river, huai river, and hai river). the central route brings water from the danjiangkou reservoir north to beijing. the reservoir was formed by the danjiangkou dam, completed in the 1970s. the height of the dam was increased from 162 to 176.7 meters above mean sea level between september 2005 and september 2013.



dead sea, israel, jordan, west bank 
water            
evaporation, evaporation ponds, irrigation, potash, salt, salt pan, salt ponds, saltwater, sea, sea level, water use            
the water surface level of the dead sea is the…            

31.4089
35.4809
 
dead sea, israel, jordan, west bank 
on            
3116            
the water surface level of the dead sea is the lowest natural land or water surface on earth at more than 400 meters below sea level. that level continues to lower as water from dead sea tributaries is diverted for irrigation. in the southern part of the sea, the salt and potash industries use water from the sea in evaporation ponds. water is not quickly replenished in this closed basin, so the level continues to drop.
the sea is made up of a northern basin and a southern basin. both basins were once connected by a strait (see the 1973 image), but the strait is now dry.
(black stripes run through some of the landsat 7 images because its scan line corrector failed in may 2003.)



deforestation 
deforestation, forests            
rain forest, soybeans            
every year in bolivia, a swath of forest two-…            

-17.221
-62.4529
 
santa cruz, bolivia 
off            
3157            
every year in bolivia, a swath of forest two-thirds the size of delaware is cleared of trees. most of this deforestation has taken place in lowlands along and east of the rio grande river.
compared to most amazon soils, the alluvial soils in these lowlands are very fertile. the flat landscape is relatively easy to clear. and rain forests have an abundance of one obvious thing important to farming—rain. besides that, the area is close to a large market and distribution center, the city of santa cruz, which lies just outside of these images, about 7 kilometers off to the southwest. one more benefit to the land owners: when farmland becomes too eroded or compacted for crops, farmers change to cattle production.
until the 1970s, sugarcane was the major crop near santa cruz. by the 1980s, the price for soybeans increased. today, sugarcane is still an important crop, but industrial soybean production has become the most common crop.
different deforestation geometries reveal different types of agricultural management. most noticeable might be the groups of long rectangles, which are large-scale agricultural operations. these areas require large capital investments, use heavy machinery to prepare the land, and involve intensive production of annual cash crops, mainly soybean, sugarcane, and rice. dark strips within these fields are windbreaks, needed because the soils in the area are fine and prone to wind erosion.
small-scale agriculture is indicated by smaller irregular plots. small-scale farmers here produce mainly rice, maize, and perennial crops, such as bananas. the forest is cleared perpendicular to a road in long rectangles, forming a “piano key” pattern.
the radial-shaped patterns are planned settlements called nucleos. the individual farms radiate outward from a central hub, which is communal land. most of these settlements are located in the large area of colonization visible in the northwest part of the main images, the san julian area. there are a few others; see if you can find them in the later images.



deforestation 
agriculture, deforestation, forests            
island, spiny thicket            
all of madagascar is being threatened by…            

-24.6962
44.3012
 
madagascar 
off            
3419            
all of madagascar is being threatened by deforestation, but this threat is most apparent in the spiny thicket region. spiny thicket has a naturally slow rate of growth and regeneration, making it especially vulnerable to the effects of deforestation. the primary threats are from small-scale but widespread clearing of trees for firewood, agriculture, and livestock grazing. human population growth increases the demand on natural resources. this is part of the reason for the increased rate of deforestation here. for example, more land is needed for agricultural production.
landsat images show more clearly the extent of changes to the spiny thicket ecoregion in southwestern madagascar. over the past four decades, rapid deforestation has occurred on both sides of the linta river. most of these images are from around the end of the rainy season (october to april) when vegetation is near its peak annual growth.



deforestation causes 
deforestation, forests            
logging, rain forest            
the primary cause of this deforestation is…            

-10.0384
-63.3715
 
rondônia, brazil 
off            
3162            
the primary cause of this deforestation is conversion to cropland and pasture. but the reasons for this conversion are varied.
countries that have extensive tracts of rain forest build roads into remote areas to improve transportation of goods. legal and illegal logging follows the road expansion. once an area is logged, it becomes a prime location for agricultural development, which further clears the surrounding forest. these cleared areas are also prone to wildfires, which can further degrade the forest.
governments sometimes encourage the development of the rain forest with subsidies and tax breaks. pressure from the global market for timber and soybeans drives the agricultural development.



degradation 
coasts, deforestation, forests            
alluvial, delta, floodplain, mangrove, salt water            
people are drawn to delta and coastal regions…            

15.86
95
 
ayeyarwady delta, myanmar 
off            
3479            
people are drawn to delta and coastal regions, and about 7.7 million people live on the ayeyarwady delta. deltas can be productive agricultural areas because the soil is rich and the flat terrain and water provide easy access to water-based transportation. the ayeyarwady delta produces 35% of myanmar’s rice. cutting wood for fuel also contributes to mangrove loss, but most of the deforestation in this delta has been for rice fields.
a more close-up look at the eastern portion of the delta shows this degradation in more detail. as the sequence of images progresses, the bright green of healthy mangrove changes into a mottled green of degraded mangrove.
this mangrove loss could have implications for protecting people on the delta. the delta’s low elevation and flat landscape make it vulnerable to flooding from storm surges, as with cyclone nargis in may 2008. the mangrove forests provide a buffer for storm surge.



degraded habitats 
forests, wildlife            
migration, milkweed, monarch butterflies, oyamel            
the monarch migration is an endangered…            

19.516
-100.2067
 
monarch butterflies, mexico 
off            
3443            
the monarch migration is an endangered phenomenon. logging in the overwintering sites in mexico reduces the area available for the monarchs. the monarch butterfly biosphere reserve, established in 1986, is intended to protect the overwintering areas. but studies have shown that deforestation has occurred within the reserve. some of that deforestation can be tracked from space with landsat imagery.
according to monarch watch, during the 2012–2013 season, monarch colonies occupied the lowest number of hectares of forest in the previous 20 years. but the 2013–2014 season was even lower. recent seasons have seen a slight increase in area of forest occupied, but monarch populations this low are extremely vulnerable. just one winter storm could severely decrease their numbers.
landsat sensors use infrared reflectance. one of the wavelengths of light they use is called near-infrared. actively growing vegetation reflects this wavelength, so when this wavelength is assigned the visible color red, vegetation is displayed as red in these false color images. as you take a closer look at the zoomed in areas in the other sections, watch for gray patches in areas that were once red. this indicates a degraded forest.
not all of the reduction in the monarch population can be attributed to oyamel forest loss in mexico. in the united states, expansion of agriculture and herbicide use are reducing the milkweed that the caterpillars need. extreme weather conditions have also been harming the monarchs. satellite imagery continues to be useful in tracking the monarch population in these overwintering sites and can help recover this remarkable migration.



delta shifts 
aquaculture, cities, coasts, water            
delta, rivers, sediment            
the huang he delta has historically built up…            

37.7643
119.1480
 
huang he delta, china 
off            
3311            
the huang he delta has historically built up over a broad area because of its wandering ways. the river’s course in its lower reaches has shifted 11 times since 1855. the latest shift was in 1976. before that, the river turned northward into the sea; in 1976, it took a different direction, heading east and carrying its sediment to build a new delta there.
the river now carries its sediment farther outward, creating an ever-changing delta.



deltas 
coasts, water, wetlands            
canals, deltas, marshes, rivers, sea level rise, sediment            
at the mouth of the atchafalaya river, a…            

29.516
-91.357
 
atchafalaya delta, louisiana, usa 
off            
3511            
at the mouth of the atchafalaya river, a distributary of the mississippi river, the wax lake outlet is a prominent north-south waterway. this artificial channel in southern louisiana begins just upstream of morgan city and carries water straight down to the gulf. the u.s. army corps of engineers dug the outlet in 1941 to prevent severe floods.
after the wax lake outlet was created, water carried sediment to its mouth and began to build a delta, all of it underwater at first.
after flooding in 1973, caused by an unusually cold winter and above average spring rain, extra sediment rushed through the wax lake outlet and, for the first time, its delta became visible. reeds and willows began to grow and stabilize the new land. their roots hold on to the sediment to keep the ground stable.
a little less than half of the atchafalaya river flows through the wax lake outlet. the rest also flows south to the gulf a little to the east and is building a delta there.
the rest of the louisiana coastline is retreating because mississippi river water flows through narrow channels that don’t allow sediment to settle—the sediment-rich water speeds directly into the gulf. the atchafalaya carries sediment more slowly, which allows it to settle in the broad, shallow basin and maintain the marshes.



demand 
agriculture, deforestation, forests            
logging, palm oil, rain forest            
in the late 1960s, the indonesian government…            

-6.6051
140.5033
 
papua, indonesia 
off            
3397            
in the late 1960s, the indonesian government began working toward improving and expanding its economy. it encouraged people to move to the remote and less developed eastern islands. one of the industries it expanded was logging. as workers cut down the primary forests, the forests were not allowed to grow back into secondary forest. instead, they were planted as palm oil plantations. palm oil trees are native to africa and were found to thrive in malaysia and indonesia.
palm oil demand is up as demand for biofuels rises. biofuel producers say palm oil is a renewable alternative to fossil fuels. one hectare of a palm oil plantation can produce 10 times as much oil as other oilseed crops, including soybeans.
the palm oil plantations show up clearly in landsat images in the middle of the undisturbed rain forest. road networks—the pink jagged lines—cut through the green of the rain forest. one road leads from the cleared forest to the river town asike.
the first cleared area that appears in these images covers about 14,500 hectares. by 2014, another new planted region appears just south of the first cleared area. the next section shows those cleared areas in more detail.



denver, colorado, usa 
cities, wildlife            
airport, freeways, irrigation, prairie, urban growth, wildlife refuge            
denver has all the classic marks of…            

39.7436
-105.0202
 
denver, colorado, usa 
on            
3120            
denver has all the classic marks of substantial urban growth over the past few decades. satellite images reveal expanding residential areas, industrial zones, and new freeways that loop around the metropolitan area. also visible is one of the largest airport building projects in u.s. history.
false color imaging from landsat that combines shortwave infrared and near-infrared bands shows growth of the city. bright green is vegetation, so parks and golf courses are the brightest green; dark green is the forested areas in the rocky mountains; and the more mottled green shades are the residential areas of the city. purple hues represent streets, highways, and other mostly unvegetated infrastructure.
denver is experiencing post-1950 growth similar to other western cities like los angeles, phoenix, and dallas. the denver metropolitan area expanded in urbanized land from 150 square miles in 1950 to 499 square miles in 2000, primarily onto prairie and agricultural lands.



desertification 
deserts            
desertification, highway, sand dunes            
the word desertification, if split into its…            

16.5094
-15.8051
 
rosso, mauritania 
off            
3139            
the word desertification, if split into its roots, logically would mean the event of non-desert land becoming desert, but it is not quite so simple. desertification is usually defined as a process that happens to land that is already normally arid (dry) or semiarid and it's not just caused by drought. in fact, the crucial factor is a decline in the biological productivity of the land—the amount of vegetation that grows (either naturally or that people have planted)—as well as the animal life supported by the plants. if desertification continues, eventually the land becomes a desert, with increased wind and water erosion, decreased soil fertility, and decreased water-retention capacity. plant and animal communities decline in number and diversity, as many species can no longer survive.
desertification is usually a patchy development, spreading outward from pockets of land where the vegetative cover has been harmed or destroyed, so that sandy dry soil begins to drift and vegetation is unable to reestablish itself.
in western africa, boreholes (water wells) are often the points of this vegetation disturbance, because they attract livestock, which overgraze the land nearby. but in this example, the point of disturbance is a paved highway that was built to connect nouakchott, the national capital of mauritania, with the regional capital rosso. besides travel and transportation, the highway also encourages building and settlement. all of these activities consume vegetation for grazing, fuel, and building material. the vegetative cover becomes disturbed, some sandy soil begins to drift, and the process of desertification is underway.
in these images, the disturbances the highway causes become evident. the 1972 image shows the highway slicing across the desert's sand dunes. the other images show a widened corridor, the brighter tones that follow the highway.



development patterns 
cities            
highways, population, suburbs, urban growth            
the building of roads and streets…            

43.5487
-96.7312
 
sioux falls, south dakota, usa 
off            
3515            
the building of roads and streets is a visible sign of urban expansion in landsat images. two new freeway interchanges show up in southwestern sioux falls in the 1995 and 1997 images. once retail began expanding, new interchanges were needed to access the shopping and dining areas. after these new interchanges were built, additional development soon followed.
in new residential neighborhoods, the street patterns appear white-blue in color at first. these areas gradually change to a mottled blue-red as time goes on. red indicates plant growth—in these neighborhoods, as trees mature, they begin to obscure the streets that were once clearly visible. as new residential areas expand west and south, you can see the new neighborhoods appear bright white-blue in color because trees are still too small to block the satellite’s view of the homes and streets.
a curious line appears in only the 2016 image, starting near the upper left, curving southeast, then bending straight east. this is the path of the dakota access pipeline, which carries oil from the bakken formation of north dakota to illinois. the line is not in the 2018 image as cropland or other vegetation regrew over it. the brightest part of the pipeline dig is on the west side of the image, near another bright spot, which is the regional landfill.



devils lake, north dakota, usa 
dams, water            
algae blooms, flooding, floods, lakes, rivers            
devils lake in northeastern north dakota is a…            

48.0436
-98.8516
 
devils lake, north dakota, usa 
on            
3262            
devils lake in northeastern north dakota is a closed basin lake. located at the lowest point within its basin, devils lake has no outlet. the result is that the lake is more prone to significant lake level variations. lately, it has only been rising.
a usgs north dakota water science center graph shows the lake’s level has been higher in the past two decades than ever recorded.




diamond mines, northwest territories, canada 
mining, water            
airport, diamonds, ice, ice road, lakes, open pit, tundra            
the frozen tundra of northern canada might not…            

64.5097
-110.306
 
diamond mines, northwest territories, canada 
on            
3270            
the frozen tundra of northern canada might not be the first place you’d look for a diamond mine. diamonds are created under intense heat and pressure, yet here they are being mined in a cold, icy region.
these mines are located about 320 kilometers (200 miles) northeast of yellowknife and just 200 kilometers (124 miles) south of the arctic circle. the tundra here consists of boulder fields, wetlands, and over 8,000 lakes with interconnecting streams. the lakes are visible in the images as the numerous dark shapes.
the two diamond mines visible in these images are ekati and diavik, both located in northwest territories, canada. ekati is in the northern part of the images. diavik is in the southern portion and extends into the lake in the series of images.
most of the year, these mines are accessible only by air. an ice road is open for about 10 weeks of the year during winter. no other roads reach the mines.



diavik mine 
mining, water            
airport, diamonds, ice, lakes, open pit, tundra            
production in the diavik mine began in january…            

64.5097
-110.306
 
diamond mines, northwest territories, canada 
off            
3272            
production in the diavik mine began in january 2003. by 2013, diavik had produced 84 million carats.
in this time series, you will notice something different about the mine pits of diavik. the diamond ore is under the lake, so the pits were built in the lake. to protect the water of lac de gras, a dike was built before digging the pit.
construction is a challenge in this remote location with a short construction season. the dikes had to be completed when the lake was not frozen—only about a 4-month period. the first dike was made watertight in 2002 and was pumped dry 3 months later. silty water was cleaned before being sent back to the lake. a smaller dike was completed in 2006. the dikes allow safe mining in the open pits.
in september 2012, diavik transitioned from an open-pit mine to an underground mine. more engineering and construction feats were needed for this change. ventilation systems, pump stations, 12 miles of tunnels, vertical tunnels for ventilation and water removal, and other rooms make the underground mining possible. diavik is expected to operate through 2023.
diavik has a private airstrip of its own. the 1,600-meter (1-mile) long runway can accommodate boeing 737s. it’s visible in the images as the straight line north of the mining operations.



doha, qatar 
cities, coasts, deserts            
airport, artificial islands, fifa world cup, freeways, islands, land creation, land reclamation, pearl diving, pearls, roads, urban growth            
doha, the capital of qatar, used to be a small…            

25.2853
51.53
 
doha, qatar 
on            
3277            
doha, the capital of qatar, used to be a small fishing and pearl diving village. it’s now qatar’s largest city with skyscrapers and a fast-growing urban area. doha is investing heavily in education, culture, and sports. the vast majority of qatar’s population lives in metropolitan doha.
oil was discovered in qatar in 1937, and development began after world war ii. modern urbanization soon followed, and the country now has the highest per capita income in the world.
after winning the bid to host the 2022 fifa world cup, doha had a new motivation to develop its infrastructure. the qatar government invested in new stadiums and improved public transportation systems.



dongguan 
agriculture, cities, coasts            
megacities, urban growth            
the urban growth in the prd is vast. there are…            

22.621
113.729
 
pearl river delta, china 
off            
3155            
the urban growth in the prd is vast. there are no longer any clear urban centers—a different growth trajectory from other large cities in china such as beijing and shanghai that have grown around defined historical urban centers.
buildings and paved surfaces replaced vegetation at a rapid pace over the past three decades. housing, factories, and the highway system all increased mostly at the expense of farmland.
in the early images of this series, cities are pink areas, separate from one another, among the green forested and agricultural areas. the largest city in this set of images is dongguan. a noticeable change by the 1994 image is a road network beginning to connect those cities. the urban area soon begins filling in the former agricultural areas and surrounds the hilly forested areas.
in the southern part of the images, blue rectangles are aquaculture, and they are gradually pushed toward the coast by the expanding urban areas.



dongying 
aquaculture, cities, coasts, water            
delta, erosion, rivers, sediment, shrimp farms, tidal flats            
the city of dongying is prominent in the 2010…            

37.7643
119.1480
 
huang he delta, china 
off            
3313            
the city of dongying is prominent in the 2010 image. its current population is over 1.2 million. but you won’t find the city in the 1976 or 1979 images because it isn’t there. dongying was established in 1983 with the opening of an oilfield on the northern delta.
also noticeable in the time series images is the expansion of salt and shrimp farms, displayed by the dark geometric shapes along the coast. these farms were built on what were once tidal flats, a muddy coast that served as a buffer against storm erosion. extensive development has degraded the tidal flats, resulting in increased coastal erosion.
the aquaculture development on the delta can have positive effects. while many of the shapes seen in the images are salt fields, many are shrimp farms that have recently moved toward culturing different seafood such as sea cucumber and crabs. these species have a lower carbon footprint, and shellfish also help clean the coastal waters. another species beginning to be farmed is algae, which are at the very bottom of the food chain. algae, often used as a nutritional supplement, are great at sequestering carbon dioxide from the atmosphere.
the rapid population growth in this area puts pressure on water resources and on the land, which has to grow increasing amounts of food. the region will need to plan carefully for the growth that accompanies economic development.



dubai 
cities, coasts, deserts            
artificial islands, irrigation, islands, land creation, roads, urban growth            
about 5 million tourists visit dubai every…            

25.1144
55.1380
 
dubai, united arab emirates 
off            
3104            
about 5 million tourists visit dubai every year and they have plenty to see and do. to attract tourists, dubai developed the world’s fastest roller coaster, the world’s tallest building, and the world’s largest shopping mall. it also built fancy hotels, beaches, and even a huge indoor ski resort.
in the first image of this series, desert fills much of the image. as dubai expands, roads, buildings, and irrigated fields spread out over the desert. but the most prominent project in dubai, and an impressive engineering feat, is the artificial islands built off its coast. the islands were built from sand dredged from the sea floor. rock breakwaters protect them from erosion. these landsat images show the rapid and impressive development of these islands.



dubai, united arab emirates 
cities, coasts, deserts, energy            
artificial islands, irrigation, islands, lagoons, land creation, roads, solar panels, solar power, urban growth            
the united arab emirates (uae) holds about 6%…            

25.1144
55.1380 
 
dubai, united arab emirates 
on            
3103            
the united arab emirates (uae) holds about 6% of the world’s total oil reserves. the oil cannot last forever, so dubai is thinking of the future. the fast-growing city, and most populous in the uae, is diversifying its economic base by becoming a luxury tourist destination.
landsat can track the city’s urban growth, along with numerous other types of landscape changes.
(black stripes run through some of the images because of the scan line corrector failure on landsat 7 in may 2003.)



durrat al bahrain 
cities, coasts, deserts            
artificial islands, islands, land creation, land reclamation, marina, population, tourism, urban growth            
at the southern end of bahrain is a sight that…            

26.0195
50.5535
 
bahrain 
off            
3208            
at the southern end of bahrain is a sight that can only really be appreciated from far above. the first residents moved to this group of artificial islands in 2009. designed for residential living and tourism, the complex includes six atoll-like islands that surround five fish-shaped islands.
these images reveal additional projects that are in progress throughout the region. the crescent is the center and will be a commercial hub, with apartments, offices, restaurants, shopping, and a 600-room hotel. the durrat marina is under construction to the north and will provide space for 400 boats and yachts. a planned golf course will be built amid 2,220 luxury residential villas and apartments and take up about 90 hectares.
when completed, the durrat al bahrain will be able to accommodate 60,000 residents. construction of the islands can be seen in the 2003 landsat image. many of the atolls have been developed. look carefully at the 2014 and 2015 images. in just a matter of months, development began on the two southernmost fish-shaped islands. a 2023 image shows a more current view.
(black stripes run through the 2006 images because of the scan line corrector failure on landsat 7 in may 2003.)



dust storms 
deserts, water, wetlands            
dust storms, lake            
even with these reservoirs, dry lakebeds…            

31.1296
61.382
 
lake hamoun, iran and afghanistan 
off            
3373            
even with these reservoirs, dry lakebeds surrounding zabol are problematic. a “120-day wind” blows in this region. these persistent spring and summer winds can cause dust storms in and around zabol.
zabol reports dozens of dust storms every year. clouds of dust from the lakebed cause breathing problems and can spread respiratory diseases. many villages in the region have been abandoned.
the august 2000 image shows an extensive dust storm blowing sediment off the dry lakebed toward the south. the dust plumes obscure most land features and reach to lake gowd-e zareh and beyond.



earth as art 
agriculture, deserts            
aquifer, calibration, center-pivot, irrigation, water use            
the view of this region from landsat is so…            

22.57
28.52 
 
sharq el owainat, egypt 
off            
3099            
the view of this region from landsat is so fascinating, it’s the subject of two earth as art images. these and all earth as art images can be downloaded for free from the eros image gallery.
eerie cloud shadows
geometric desert



eastward expansion 
cities            
highways, population, suburbs, urban growth            
on the east side of sioux falls,…            

43.5487
-96.7312
 
sioux falls, south dakota, usa 
off            
3516            
on the east side of sioux falls, cropland continues to give way to developed land. many u.s. cities have grown with a similar pattern—people moving to suburbs instead of to the central part of cities. suburbs changed from bedroom communities to having their own focal points for retail and service industries. sioux falls reflects this phenomenon at a smaller scale—both retail and residential development expand into these suburban-type areas.
note that the land is cleared first, noticeable as a pale smudge, and then street patterns emerge. larger white blocks in the images are retail establishments, often with parking lots surrounding them.
retail development covers former farmland along a new highway called veterans parkway. the road eventually lengthens to meet up with interstate 90 to the north, a strong hint at where more growth is planned.
northeast of this sioux falls expansion is the city of brandon. there is starting to be less distance between sioux falls and brandon. since 1970, brandon’s population has grown by over 500%, greatly outpacing the sioux falls metro population rate of growth during this time.




eel river 
natural disasters, water            
flooding, rain, rivers, weather            
just west of clay city, there is a large,…            

38.4375
-87.7118
 
illinois/indiana, usa 
off            
3134            
just west of clay city, there is a large, nearly square-shaped area of floodwater in the 2008 flood image. it covers about 2,200 acres. the fact that this area became inundated indicates that it is low lying land. it’s possible that during the flood, water flowed from the nearby eel river through a breach. the 2007 image shows this area as cropland, which is commonly low and flat. roads, built up above ground level, could be causing the straight lines that appear around the water in the flood image.
interestingly, this spot was once an artificial reservoir, called the splunge creek reservoir, that formed in the 1800s to supply water to the wabash-erie canal, which no longer exists.



ekati mine 
mining, water            
airport, diamonds, ice, lakes, open pit, tundra            
ekati is canada’s first diamond mine. diamond…            

64.5097
-110.306
 
diamond mines, northwest territories, canada 
off            
3271            
ekati is canada’s first diamond mine. diamond ore bodies are called kimberlite pipes. these carrot-shaped pipes are the roots of ancient small volcanoes. diamond-bearing kimberlite was discovered at ekati in 1991.
construction of the mine started in 1997 and it officially opened in october 1998. by 2011, the ekati mine had produced 50 million carats of diamonds.
ekati is the name the tlicho people gave this area. it means “fat lake,” a reference to white quartz in the rock on the shore of lac de gras. the quartz looks like marbled caribou fat. lac de gras is the large lake south of the mines.
you can see the mining operations expanding in this series of images. the ekati mine includes open-pit mines in different locations. in the lower right is the misery pit. it’s connected to the main base of operations by a road, visible as the curving pink or white line.
ekati has its own airport that’s used year-round. that’s how employees get there. the runway is visible as a straight line just south of where the first open pits begin appearing.
the company that runs the ekati mine, dominion diamond ekati corporation, monitors the air, water, and wildlife in the area. they are already planning ahead for the eventual closure of the mine and land reclamation.



elburz mountains, iran 
agriculture, cities, mountains            
irrigation, rain-shadow effect, relief inversion            
these images show the vicinity of the elburz…            

36.0883
52.1517
 
elburz mountains, iran 
on            
3281            
these images show the vicinity of the elburz mountains in northern iran. tehran lies in the south, and the caspian sea is to the north.
the elburz mountains run parallel to the southern coast of the caspian sea, and these mountains act as a barrier to rain clouds moving southward; as the clouds rise in altitude to cross the mountains they drop their moisture. this abundant rainfall supports a heavy rainforest (the bright red area) on the northern slopes. the valley to the south receives little precipitation because of this rain-shadow effect of the mountains.



end of the pu‘u ‘ō‘ō eruption 
coasts, natural disasters            
crater, eruption, island, lava, lava flow, volcano            
meanwhile, at the summit of kīlauea, the…            

19.388
-155.106
 
kīlauea, hawaii, usa 
off            
3169            
meanwhile, at the summit of kīlauea, the halema‘uma‘u crater and surrounding caldera floor subsided throughout the summer of 2018. kīlauea has something like a plumbing system connecting halema‘uma‘u crater at the summit to the lower flanks of the volcano. the collapse at halema‘uma‘u suggests the underlying magma reservoir largely drained into the lower east rift zone to feed the lava flows.
magma draining from the summit hints at the possibility of a quiet interlude at kīlauea for several years. while april 30, 2018, marked the beginning of the recent lava flow event, it also marked the end of the continuous eruptive activity at pu‘u ‘ō‘ō that started in 1983.
although lava flowed from the east rift zone and devastated the leilani estates neighborhood, the april 30 collapse of pu‘u ‘ō‘ō crater left this eruption site devoid of lava. since lava did not return to the crater after august 4, the usgs has said the pu‘u ‘ō‘ō eruption is over.
however, the usgs volcano hazards program says kīlauea is still active and will erupt again. volcano hazards in the area remain the same. based on historical data, it’s unlikely that lava will erupt again from pu‘u ‘ō‘ō, but the east rift zone still has magma underneath, and it will erupt again through another vent. it may take several years for enough magma to accumulate again, but kīlauea and the east rift zone remain very active.
the usgs hawaiian volcano observatory created a geonarrative to summarize the history of kilauea eruptions and the 2018 lava flows.



environmental effects 
aquaculture, coasts, water            
mangrove, shrimp, shrimp farms            
the environmental implications of the shrimp…            

13.008
-87.311
 
gulf of fonseca, honduras and nicaragua 
off            
3301            
the environmental implications of the shrimp farm expansion are potentially far-reaching.

fish meal fed to the shrimp can contaminate the environment
antibiotics used on the shrimp are associated with human health problems
misuse of antibiotics and other chemicals can affect groundwater quality
mangrove forests are lost

 
the loss of the mangrove forests leads to further problems.

increased risk of inland flooding
degraded water quality can reduce catches by off-shore commercial fishers
a carbon sink area can become a carbon source




environmental problems 
cities            
land leveling, urban growth            
images from europe's copernicus sentinel-…            

32.625
110.814
 
shiyan, china 
off            
3320            
images from europe's copernicus sentinel-2 satellites show a bit more detail than landsat. these close-up views of shiyan show the industrial development and land clearing at 10-meter resolution. blue-topped rooftops are buildings for industry; light tan spots are leveled land.
the hills that are being flattened vary in height from 100 to 150 meters. the material used to level the hills is used to fill valleys. however, building on this infill might not be best for urban construction. the soft soil from the infill subsides easily and is prone to landslides.
other environmental problems are cropping up based on this land leveling. the process of moving this much material throws dust particles into the air. changing hills to plains has caused soil erosion, which adds sediment to local water sources. shiyan is near the headwaters of the south-north water transfer project, a huge project that diverts water to northern china. the sediments can end up in waterways, polluting the water. furthermore, it can take years for the flattened ground base to be stable enough for building.



eruption 
mountains, natural disasters            
ash, caldera, eruption, lahar, lakes, mud, mudflows, pyroclastic flows, rain, rivers, runoff, sediment, typhoon, volcanoes, weather            
after the eruption, many areas near the…            

15.14 
120.35
 
mount pinatubo, philippines 
off            
3101            
after the eruption, many areas near the volcano were stripped of vegetation. the series of images reveals the regrowth of vegetation, but it progressed at different rates. the eastern side recovered the fastest, where the area was mainly affected by falling ash. wind and rain removed the ash, and most areas on this eastern side recovered to almost pre-eruption levels in about 7 years.
the mountain’s western side experienced the worst of the pyroclastic flows, causing regrowth to be slower and more variable. in fact, some areas are still bare.
a remarkable feature of the series of images, even in the most recent images, is that mudflows can still be seen trailing away from the mountain’s summit more than 30 years after the eruption. runoff from monsoon rains and typhoons continued to erode and redistribute the pyroclastic deposits years after the 1991 eruption.
another change visible at this scale is the summit itself. the eruption caused the summit to collapse into a caldera about 2.5 kilometers wide. water has collected in the crater to form a small lake.
landsat’s infrared bands set up a clear contrast between vegetation and lahar deposits. the images make it clear that the lahar hazards continued, and many occurred in inaccessible areas. vegetation shows up as bright green, while the sediment and bare ground from lahars is pink. it also shows the progression of the revegetated areas on the mountain’s slopes.
this progression is aided by additional scenes from terra’s aster sensor. aster uses similar infrared bands to landsat, and its 15-meter resolution reveals slightly more detail than landsat’s 30-meter resolution.
 




escondida mine, chile 
deserts, mining            
copper, open pit, tailings            
isolated in chile’s northern atacama desert,…            

-24.2713
-69.0707
 
escondida mine, chile 
on            
3285            
isolated in chile’s northern atacama desert, the open-pit escondida mine is the world’s largest source of copper.
escondida means “hidden” in spanish, and hidden it was. the copper ore was buried under hundreds of meters of rock. the only way it was found was by drilling along a line of other known copper finds that stretched hundreds of kilometers.
copper represents a substantial part of chile’s economy. in 2013, copper mine production was valued at just over $30 billion. chile is the world’s leading producer of copper, accounting for nearly 32% of world copper production.



et maps 
agriculture            
evapotranspiration, irrigation, water use            
with these water use maps, land managers and…            

35.97
-119.67
 
san joaquin valley, california, usa 
off            
3276            
with these water use maps, land managers and farmers can tell which crops use the most, or least, water at the field scale. from this, they can determine whether water could be used more efficiently. at the basin scale, large-area maps can be used to evaluate aquifer depletion and quantify groundwater pumping; or resolve water rights allocation disputes.
the accompanying pair of seasonal et maps (may–september) shows crop water use in the san joaquin valley in 1990 and in 2014. the colors correspond to millimeters of water returned to the atmosphere through et. fields that are green and blue show the highest et values. relatively more water has been used on those irrigated fields. orange hues are areas that have very little et, such as sparsely vegetated desert.
comparing the maps reveals changes in irrigation patterns during this period. notice, for example, that water use intensified in many places (increase in blue areas) and some irrigated lands (green in 1990) transitioned out of agricultural production (reddish brown) by 2014.
these water use maps can show not just seasonal et but water used in a single day, or even over the course of decades thanks to the extensive landsat archive. view the .gif animation below that shows an annual et map for every year from 1984 to 2014. this map series shows flooding events around tulare lake bed in 1984 and 1997.
accurate information on water availability and usage is necessary for planning sustainable use of water, particularly in an arid region like the southwestern united states. the study done for the san joaquin valley can become the basis for planning, monitoring, and assessing water use across the country. these maps can help farmers and land managers optimize and conserve water resources.




extra landsat imagery 
glaciers, water            
icebergs, ice shelves, thermal, ice            
an expanded landsat acquisition plan started…            

80.93
-61.2577
 
petermann glacier, greenland 
off            
3535            
an expanded landsat acquisition plan started collecting more satellite imagery during polar night or twilight. the plan, called the landsat extended acquisition of the poles (leap), defines 306 additional path/rows for antarctica, greenland, and arctic sea regions.
studies of petermann glacier can benefit from this additional imagery. changes there and at other arctic and antarctic locations can be studied in more detail with leap collected data.
typically, landsat imagery has not been acquired for far northern latitudes from late september to mid-march. and in antarctica, imagery is limited from march to september. but ice shelves can breakup even in the dark wintertime or polar twilight. 
in an eyes on earth podcast, usgs scientist chris crawford said, “extending the ability to observe ice and polar ocean changes in the twilight just simply increases the probability of capturing these major calving events, or even being able to see the preconditioning that's happening that will lead to a major rare event.” he added, “we expect that this will unleash new science applications and then more routine climate monitoring of the polar regions.”
the landsat images displayed here show a winter, dark image and a summer, daytime image, both from landsat 9. the winter image displays data from the thermal infrared sensor, acquired when the sun was below the horizon. darker areas are relatively colder than bright areas. the natural color image was acquired in august during the day.



fangzhuang 
cities            
urban growth            
one new building project that exemplifies some…            

39.9161
116.3909 
 
beijing, china 
off            
3113            
one new building project that exemplifies some of these trends is visible southeast of beijing. fangzhuang is a new city of 78,000 where in 1984 only 1,000 people lived in agricultural villages just outside the outer city. in the 1977 image, agriculture, represented by red, dominates the area. by 2022, those lands have been swallowed up by development.
fangzhuang includes condominiums, 3-story apartment buildings, schools, parks, shops, and a community center. such prestigious work-units as the ministry of foreign affairs have bought blocks of apartments, and since 1994 some foreigners have moved in. operations such as health care, day care, and garbage collection are still managed by socialist-style committees of residents.



farmland inundated 
agriculture, water, wildlife            
flooding, lakes            
the aerial photo from 1952 is black and white…            

44.2623
-97.455
 
lake thompson, south dakota, usa 
off            
3402            
the aerial photo from 1952 is black and white and doesn’t have the infrared imaging capability of landsat, but it has something that landsat doesn’t—very high resolution.
it’s possible to locate trees and buildings in this image. zooming in to an area near the lake is a location that is cultivated cropland. the sharp corners mark the different fields.
land here is divided into sections of 1 square mile. these extreme closeups show an area of land covering approximately six sections. this area shows three sections across and two sections high.
a closer look shows farm buildings, with a shelterbelt of trees beside them.
later landsat images reveal that those fields and structures are underwater.
 
* = location of farm structures shown in the aerial photo closeup.



filchner ice shelf, antarctica 
glaciers, water            
calving, crevasses, ice, ice shelf, icebergs            
these images show the filchner ice shelf on…            

-77.8553
-42.0320
 
filchner ice shelf, antarctica 
on            
3288            
these images show the filchner ice shelf on the coast of antarctica that faces the atlantic ocean. in the austral winter of 1986, the front edge of the filchner ice shelf broke off into the sea, forming three large icebergs. this was a major, long-awaited calving.
most images in earthshots are in “false color”; they are red/green/blue composites, representing three bands of landsat data. these images of the filchner ice shelf, however, represent only one band of near-infrared reflection, so they are grayscale.
an ice shelf is a huge sheet of ice, connected to land but extending out into the ocean. ice shelves develop mainly from glaciers flowing slowly downhill toward the ocean. “upstream,” the ice shelf rests on land, but “downstream,” the ice shelf extends out onto and into the ocean, mostly below sea level.
the filchner-ronne ice shelf is by volume the largest ice shelf on earth. it is really one ice shelf, nominally divided by berkner island.
ice shelves are part of a cycle. winds carry water (as clouds) to antarctica, where it falls as snow, compacts into ice, flows slowly as glaciers into ice shelves, and then slowly progresses to the ocean, where chunks break off and are carried away by ocean and wind currents. these chunks are icebergs; the birth of icebergs (from glaciers, ice shelves, or larger icebergs) is called calving.
it is widely known that most of an iceberg lies under water; this is also true of ice shelves. when a large piece of ice shelf calves into the ocean, it does not drop and splash down into the water, because the front of the ice shelf was already floating on water. in fact, the ocean’s tides lift and drop the ice shelf every day; this is called hinging, and the place where the ice shelf connects to the “shoreline” bedrock is called the hinge-line, since the outer shelf swings up and down from it.
german scientists learned that the filchner-ronne ice shelf is two-layered. the top 150 m of ice came from snow and glaciers, but the bottom 80 m of ice came from the water below. this bottom layer is clear and bubble-free. the top layer is hard but snowy and bubbly. these bubbles (or “voids”) allow scientists to study atmospheric gasses trapped in the voids, by coring the ice.
antarctica has 90% of the world’s ice. scientists are very interested in the net gain/loss of this ice mass because of its implications for world climate and sea level.



fire 
fires, forests, mining, natural disasters            
boreal forest, fire scars, near-infrared, shortwave infrared            
fire scars of varying size show up in these…            

56.978
-111.46
 
athabasca oil sands, alberta, canada 
off            
3205            
fire scars of varying size show up in these landsat images from the athabasca oil sands region of northwestern alberta, canada. these fire scars show up as red or maroon against the green vegetation. fires are a part of life in the boreal forest, but in 2016, an unusually intense forest fire, fueled by dry conditions and high winds, devastated the region.
the 80,000 residents of fort mcmurray were forced to evacuate, the largest evacuation on record in canada. the fire destroyed 2,400 structures in and around fort mcmurray, and at least another 500 were damaged. many structures still standing suffered smoke damage.
at its peak, the fire moved 30 to 40 meters (98 to 131 feet) per minute. it burned a total of 589,552 hectares (nearly 1.5 million acres), and part of that area is shown in the series of images. using shortwave infrared (swir) and near-infrared (nir) bands to help penetrate clouds and smoke and create false-color images, landsat shows the burned area in dark red. it’s clear that fort mcmurray was quickly surrounded by the blaze.
landsat’s infrared sensors are valuable for producing burn severity maps and other products quickly after images are acquired.



fire and recovery 
fires, forests, natural disasters            
burn severity, fire scars, infrared, recovery            
in these landsat images, the old forest is…            

44.4444
-110.6034
 
yellowstone national park, usa 
off            
3142            
in these landsat images, the old forest is dark green. in the 1987 image, this forest is occasionally broken up by lighter green grassy meadows or grassy plains. geyser fields are pale blue and white. in a few places, a pink tinge may indicate old burn scars or dormant plants.
the august 23, 1988, image was acquired when many fires were active. smoke obscures some of the land, showing up as blue because the image uses infrared wavelengths of light. land just burned is dark red. lighter red patches are less severely burned.
the band combination of shortwave infrared, near-infrared, and visible green highlights the changes in vegetation caused by the fires and recovery. dark red burn scars fade over time as vegetation recovers. grasses and wildflowers grow out of the ashes, and young trees begin to take root and grow. these light green areas start replacing the red and pink from the burn scar.
as intense as the fires were, studies showed that less than 1 percent of soils were heated enough to sterilize the soil to kill belowground plant seeds and roots. grass actually prospered in the rich soil immediately after the fires because of the release of nutrients and the decrease in shading from shrubs and trees. less competition with other plants for resources also allowed grass to flourish.
even though grass flourished and saplings soon emerged, the recovery is gradual. even in the 2011 and later images, the burned areas from 1988 can still be seen. the high elevation in this area causes a short growing season. with the hot, dry summers and cold, harsh winters, the forest will not return to its prefire conditions for decades. but recovery will continue.
a few new fires show up in the later images to show that fire continues to be a part of the yellowstone wilderness.



fires in the park 
fires, forests            
fire scars            
southeast australia has a history of severe…            

-35.6200
141.5000
 
wyperfeld national park, australia 
off            
3269            
southeast australia has a history of severe fire problems, with some historic deadly fires such as the ash wednesday fire of 1983, and lesser fires almost every year. the state of victoria averages about 19 large fires (over 1,000 hectares) per year. these fires are often fast like grassfire but more intense. the winter rains that benefit wheat farming also aid the buildup of plant matter, which becomes highly combustible during the dry summers. perhaps 60% of the fires in wyperfeld are started by lightning, with the rest from various human accidents and purposes, including fuel reduction. since the 1950s, australians have systematically set controlled fires to reduce the risk of dangerous fires later. wyperfeld staff currently set fuel-reduction fires along the park’s edges but fight all accidental fires, as required by law.
these fires kill individuals, but communities of living things survive. studies elsewhere in victoria indicate that 2–4 years after a fire, the forest floor is again littered with small twigs and leaves, the habitat for many small animals. there are more plant species in the area than before the fire, though frequent burning certainly can kill out some species. forest studies show that different post-fire stages favor different species; mice do well right after a fire, for example, but some birds do better in long-unburned or intermediate areas. now that habitat is restricted to “islands” of parkland, there is danger of an entire park being burned out, with no adjacent communities to recolonize the burned areas.
the landsat images here show a stark change from unburned bush in 1977 to huge burn scars in the later images. the age of the scars can be estimated by their color; old scars are almost as dark as the bush, half-regrown scars are only pink, and the newest scars are very bright.



five finger plan 
cities            
development, population, urban growth            
in 1947, copenhagen established the five…            

55.6629
12.595
 
copenhagen, denmark 
off            
3248            
in 1947, copenhagen established the five finger plan. the plan for the city’s growth designated five corridors of urban development, which were along railway lines to provide convenient transportation to copenhagen’s business district in the central part of the city. planned suburbs were to be built along these corridors and linked together like beads on a string.
the development plan resembles a hand with five fingers stretching out away from the city center. the plan allowed for controlled urban growth while leaving space open for recreation and agriculture. these green spaces were to occupy the land between the fingers.
as the series of images shows, the five fingers and hand shape are indeed vaguely recognizable. in these false-color images, the developed areas are shades of purple. buildings and pavement are very reflective. on the other hand, water reflects very little sunlight, so it shows up as black.



floriculture 
agriculture, cities, water            
floriculture, flowers, greenhouses, lakes, roses            
the cut flower industry can be seen in landsat…            

-.7756
36.3556
 
lake naivasha, kenya 
off            
3379            
the cut flower industry can be seen in landsat images near the lake in both outdoor fields and in glass greenhouses. the greenhouses are silvery in these views. the fields are a mix of green, tan, and purple. tan and pink are fallow fields, and the green fields have growing plants. these fields and greenhouses have expanded over the time frame covered by these images.
the flowers grown in the region include roses, carnations, statice, alstromeria, lilies, and hypericum.
since 1986, the nature of agriculture around lake naivasha has changed from mostly ranching to floriculture. the flower industry especially has led to increased population in naivasha and the surrounding area. from 1969 to 2009, the population of the naivasha division increased more than 750%.

population of the naivasha division


year
population




2009
376,243


1999
158,679


1989
105,458


1979
95,339


1969
43,867



 
the flower farms use a lot of water from the lake and send nutrients and chemicals back to the lake. in addition, the increased population is placing more pressure on the freshwater resources in the region. as a result, the chemistry of the lake is changing. more blue-green algae and tiny crustaceans are appearing in the lake, which are food for flamingoes. the pink birds usually flock to lakes salty enough to find this food, so it was unusual to see them in abundance at lake naivasha.
floriculture began around lake naivasha in the early 1980s. during the 1990s and early 2000s, the amount of land dedicated to floriculture rapidly increased, changing from grassland and shrubland to flower farming. the increased water use led to a drop in the water level of the lake and an increase in farm runoff laden with agro-chemicals.



fossil water 
agriculture, deserts, water            
aquifer, center pivots, groundwater, irrigation, water use            
the water that is used to grow these crops…            

30.2861
38.1824
 
wadi as-sirhan basin, saudi arabia 
off            
3076            
the water that is used to grow these crops dates back to the last ice age. known as fossil water, it has been buried deep underground for about 20,000 years.
the agricultural fields are round because of a technique called center-pivot irrigation. sprinkler systems move around a central pivot to water the field. the technique provides better control of water and fertilizer use, which is important where water can evaporate quickly. the fields shown in these close-ups vary in size. the largest circles are about 1 kilometer across.
the drawback with this technique is that water in these aquifers is not recharged. rainfall here averages only 100 to 200 millimeters per year, and that makes the groundwater in the area a nonrenewable resource.
the amount of water stored in the aquifer under the desert ranges from 252 to 870 cubic kilometers. hydrologists believe it will only be economical to pump this groundwater for about another 50 years.
groundwater irrigation here is only possible because of another nonrenewable resource—oil. the saudi government used income from the sale of oil to fund these irrigation systems. saudi arabia spent billions of dollars developing agriculture in the last 15 years of the 20th century. in 2008, the saudi government began phasing out domestic wheat production. by 2016, the country ended its domestic wheat production program because of concerns about the depletion of water reserves. however, since the announcement to phase out wheat, some farmers have begun growing forage crops to feed livestock, a less efficient use of water.



frank island 
fires, forests, natural disasters            
fire scars, lakes            
besides some recovery from the 1988 fires on…            

44.4444
-110.6034
 
yellowstone national park, usa 
off            
3145            
besides some recovery from the 1988 fires on the west side of yellowstone lake, this series of images shows the effects of another fire.
frank island is the largest island in yellowstone lake. the island was set up as a protected area for ospreys that nest on the island. the public is not allowed on the island during the summer. only a small picnic area on the southeast point is open for visitor use.
on august 8, 2003, lightning struck frank island. an inferno quickly engulfed nearly all of the old growth trees. most of the forest on the island burned.
the first image in this series is from one week before the lightning strike that started the fire. the island appears deep green in the middle of the lake. in the other images, virtually no vegetation remains on the island. the green was replaced by pink, which indicates barren ground.



further problems 
water            
canals, irrigation, rivers            
many projects were headed by loyal party…            

11.5684
104.9312
 
phnom penh, cambodia 
off            
3151            
many projects were headed by loyal party leaders with no technical skills, which is another reason the canals were not more effective. teachers, technicians, and other skilled (usually urban) professionals—hated by the khmer rouge as corrupting urban influences—were executed. thus, primarily inexperienced and unskilled citizens, including the evacuated city-dwellers, were forced to work in the countryside growing rice and building these irrigation works, with rigid work quotas and hard, slave-like conditions. the lack of experience led to inefficient canals that occasionally collapsed in the rain.
not only were the canals poorly constructed, but they also were built in straight lines, regularly spaced, at right angles along the 1-km gridlines of their military maps, ignoring hills, villages, and other topography. some claim that many of the canals actually did more harm than good, disrupting natural water supplies and encouraging erosion. this pattern can be seen in most of these images. in more recent years, the irrigation system built during the khmer rouge regime is much less defined in satellite imagery.
it appears in the images that each district had to dig a certain amount of ditches, whether needed or not. indeed, workers had rigid daily quotas, so that some finished early and some could never finish. there were strict decisions about which varieties of rice were acceptable, diminishing the diversity of varieties which had adapted to local conditions.
though it is likely that by the end of the khmer rouge regime canal construction expertise had improved, the post-khmer rouge government had to devote considerable resources to repairing irrigation works. one official said 80% of the projects had been poorly constructed, though it varied by region.
although many of the canals were poorly built, some of them can still be used. the cambodian prime minister hun sen started supporting the re-digging of the canals in 2005, and now that the people who are rebuilding them are no longer under the khmer rouge, they get paid a small amount, and the crops that are harvested aren't taken away by the government.



garden city, kansas, usa 
agriculture, water            
aquifer, center-pivot, harvest, irrigation, population, river, water use, wildlife area            
these landsat images feature the significant…            

37.9653
-100.8699
 
garden city, kansas, usa 
on            
3290            
these landsat images feature the significant growth in the use of center-pivot irrigation—essentially enormous sprinkler systems—in kansas between 1972 and 2021. the arkansas river flows east just south of garden city in southwestern kansas. from 1972 to 1990, garden city's population grew from about 15,000 to about 24,000. the town's population as recorded by the 2020 census stood at 28,151.
much of the former shortgrass prairie of western kansas is now irrigated cropland. common crops in this area are corn, wheat, and sorghum. red areas in the images are healthy vegetation. light-colored cultivated fields in the images are fallow or recently harvested wheat fields.
these images show center-pivot irrigation systems (the small circles) multiplying between 1972 and 1988. from 1969 to 1987, irrigated acreage in kansas increased by 62%, from 1.5 million acres to 2.4 million acres. in the five years from 1984 to 1988, kansas farms with center-pivot irrigation systems increased 19%, from 2,630 farms to 3,122 farms.
this area uses irrigation water from the high plains aquifer—also known as the ogallala aquifer—one of the world's largest aquifers, which underlies an area from wyoming to texas. landsat images are useful for measuring irrigated crop acreage, a key component of modeling aquifer response to changes in water use. landsat is also used to monitor the depletion of the aquifer, which is affected by not only the irrigation but also drought.



gibe iii dam 
dams, energy, water            
electricity, hydropower, irrigation, lakes, reservoirs, rivers            
at nearly 244 meters tall, gibe iii is africa’…            

6.85
37.3
 
gibe iii dam, ethiopia 
off            
3294            
at nearly 244 meters tall, gibe iii is africa’s tallest dam and the continent’s third largest hydroelectric plant. its estimated production capacity is 6,500 gwh a year.
the first large dam on the omo river, gibe iii takes its name from a tributary of the omo, the gibe river, on which two smaller dams were previously built. the gibe i hydroelectric turbine was installed in 2004, and gibe ii in 2010. gibe iv and gibe v are planned to be built on the omo downstream of gibe iii.
construction of gibe iii began in 2006. the reservoir, now 155 kilometers long, began filling in february 2015. the reservoir fills the entire canyon that the river flowed through. the dam began generating electricity later in 2015 and was fully commissioned in december 2016.
the electricity generated by the dam is also exported to kenya and other countries, bringing in hundreds of millions of dollars of revenue for ethiopia. electricity can also be delivered to ethiopia’s rural areas, where just 26.5% of the population had access to electricity in 2015.
located 450 kilometers south of the capital addis ababa, the dam is also used to regulate floodwater and provide water for irrigation. however, the dam ended the natural annual flooding that brought nutrients to the banks of the omo river. the lack of floods makes it more difficult to grow food there.
an artificial regulated flow through the dam was intended to mimic this natural flood pulse. but the dam traps sediment, so even with regulated flow through the dam, there will still be impacts on wildlife and farming because of the reduced nutrients from this sediment.
because the omo river accounts for 90% of the inflows to lake turkana in kenya, there are major effects on the water levels and water quality of that lake, especially now that the water is used for other purposes such as large-scale irrigation. furthermore, the reduced flow from the omo causes increased salinity in lake turkana, which can affect some fish species.



gibe iii dam, ethiopia 
dams, energy, water            
electricity, hydropower, irrigation, lakes, reservoirs, rivers, sugar plantations            
the great thing about hydropower is that it’s…            

6.85
37.3
 
gibe iii dam, ethiopia 
on            
3293            
the great thing about hydropower is that it’s a renewable nonpolluting source of power. once it’s up and running, operation costs are relatively low, and the energy supply is very reliable.
in the united states, most of the best locations for hydropower have already been taken (such as hoover dam near las vegas and the glen canyon dam). other countries are starting large hydro projects to further development and provide reliable power for more communities. in ethiopia, for example, a series of large dams on the omo river provide electricity for the country and enough to export to neighboring countries. they also provide irrigation water for large-scale agriculture.
hydropower projects of this scale often come with downsides as well.
large hydropower projects can have a massive effect on the landscape. reservoirs can change local ecosystems and fish habitat, and sometimes displace large populations of people. in the case of the gibe iii dam, the rapid changes could have substantial effects on the people living downstream who depend on the river’s regular pulse floods for farming and fishing.
gibe iii is the third hydropower plant on the omo river, what they’re calling a hydroelectric cascade.
the omo river has a unique geo-political dynamic. the river is entirely contained within ethiopia’s borders. however, the river empties into lake turkana, which lies almost entirely within neighboring kenya to the south.



gilli gilli 
forests            
logging, rain forest            
another forest reserve called gilli gilli lies…            

6.3
5.322
 
okomu forest reserve, nigeria 
off            
3426            
another forest reserve called gilli gilli lies directly south of okomu. gilli gilli has experienced less deforestation than okomu—limited to smaller areas of degradation on its northern side. the low rate of degradation in gilli gilli could be because few settlements are located near it. this area is more inaccessible than okomu.
in okomu, a farming system called taungya was introduced in 1945. the plan allocated parts of the reserve to food crops. trees were required to be planted on the same farm plots and would be allowed to be harvested as timber. in okomu, however, migrant farmers often did not plant trees. in gilli gilli, however, the taungya system was not introduced.
the landsat images do show moderate deforestation in its northern part, gradually spreading toward the southeast. however, this area’s inaccessibility has spared it from large-scale forest degradation.



glacial retreat 
glaciers, water            
ice, icebergs, lagoon, moraines, snow            
a stable glacier advances a little in the…            

59.9569
-149.5823
 
bear glacier, alaska, usa 
off            
3220            
a stable glacier advances a little in the winter and retreats the same amount in the summer. bear glacier likely did this and gradually built up a terminal moraine. (a moraine is a buildup of glacial material, and a terminal moraine is one that is built up at the end of the glacier.)
during the last 100 years in alaska, the annual average temperature has increased by about twice the global annual average temperature change. a temperature increase like this can change the regular pattern of glacial advance and retreat.
between 1950 and the 1990s, bear glacier retreated 1.55 kilometers (1 mile). small icebergs were calving into a lagoon that had developed. by 2004, the glacier’s floating terminus calved, causing an additional 2 kilometers (1.25 miles) of retreat. between 2000 and 2007, the terminus retreated another 3.5 kilometers (2 miles). large icebergs now float in the lagoon, visible in the landsat images as light blue spots in the water.



glacier repeat photography 
glaciers, water            
ice, snow            
usgs uses repeat photography of glaciers to…            

59.9569
-149.5823
 
bear glacier, alaska, usa 
off            
3221            
usgs uses repeat photography of glaciers to quantify changes in glaciers over time. repeat photography is a technique in which a historical photograph and a modern photograph, both having the same field of view, are compared.
for example, oblique aerial photographs of bear glacier were taken facing north and show glacial retreat along with icebergs floating in bear glacier lagoon.
photographs taken from the ground look north and were from the same location on the eastern part of the terminus of bear glacier. in the 96 years between photographs, bear glacier has retreated more than 3 kilometers (1.9 miles) and thinned by as much as 200 meters (656 feet). only a very small part of bear glacier is visible from this location today, and the terminus is obscured by the trees.



glen canyon dam 
dams, water            
hydropower, lakes, marinas, reservoirs, rivers, water use            
…            

36.9378
-111.4841
 
lake powell, utah and arizona, usa 
off            
3383            
glen canyon dam near page, arizona, creates lake powell. the 710-foot-high dam was completed on september 13, 1963, about 9 years before the first clear landsat 1 images were acquired. the dam also generates electricity. from 1980 to 2013, its average annual gross electricity generation was about 5 billion kwh. (kwh = kilawatt-hours, a measure of a power station’s electricity output.) its electricity generation varies based on the amount of water that flows into the lake, which is influenced by precipitation.
in the landsat series of images shown here, we begin with 1972 when the lake was still filling. in 1984, the lake was at one of its highest water levels.
near the dam is the city of page, arizona, which began in 1957 as a housing camp for workers building the dam. page is now a major resort area. its 2023 population was 7,320.
at various marinas on the lake, tourists can rent houseboats and other recreational watercraft. wahweap is the largest marina on lake powell. this marina needs to move based on the lake’s water level. antelope point is the newest marina on lake powell, established in 2004.
antelope island is in the center of these images. it looks a lot less like an island in the later low water level images. the national park service dug a channel on the island’s north end called castle rock pass. even though it begins to look more like a peninsula by the 2005 image, it is still called antelope island. the channel around the north side of the island is navigable when the lake’s water level is 3,620 feet or higher.



global forest maps 
forests, wildlife            
monarch butterflies            
researchers from the university of maryland…            

19.516
-100.2067
 
monarch butterflies, mexico 
off            
3444            
researchers from the university of maryland and usgs have mapped changes in forests globally from 2000 to 2013. the maps displayed here are from that database and are paired with a corresponding landsat image.
the study defined trees as all vegetation taller than 5 meters. in the forest change map, green indicates forest extent, and red is forest loss during the period 2000–2013. any blue that appears is forest gained during that time period. black is land that was non-forest during the time period.
the study used data from over 650,000 landsat scenes and used 143 billion 30-meter landsat pixels.



grand canyons 
mining            
aerial photos, iron ore, open pit, tailings ponds            
other mines also continue to expand, even in…            

47.5372
-92.6477
 
mesabi range, minnesota, usa 
off            
3432            
other mines also continue to expand, even in the landsat era. the hull-rust-mahoning mine near hibbing is one of the biggest mines in the world. some call it the “grand canyon of the north.”
rather than a natural wonder, the 535-foot-deep mine is another huge open pit gouged into the mesabi range and expanded over the decades. in the landsat images, it’s still the tailings basin that stands out and takes up more land area. the mine itself is between the tailings basin and the city of hibbing. both the basin and the mine expand during this time series of landsat images.
another tailings pond expands farther to the south. this is the keetac mine and tailings basin.
another usgs aerial photo shows part of this area pre-landsat. the hull-rust-mahoning open-pit mine is just north of hibbing in 1953, but the current tailings basin had not been established yet.



grand ethiopian renaissance dam, ethiopia 
dams, energy, water            
hydropower, reservoirs, rivers, water use            
the reservoir behind the largest hydropower…            

11.215
35.092
 
grand ethiopian renaissance dam, ethiopia 
on            
3504            
the reservoir behind the largest hydropower plant in africa has begun filling. under construction since 2011, the grand ethiopian renaissance dam (gerd) is 1.1 miles long, 509 feet tall, and spans the blue nile river in ethiopia.
the gerd reservoir is in a deep gorge, so its surface area is relatively small compared to its volume. this means less water will be lost to evaporation than in desert reservoirs. the lake’s capacity is about twice the volume of lake mead.
including the aswan high dam in egypt, which forms lake nasser and has the capacity of four times the volume of lake mead, two of the world’s largest dams are now on the nile river system, in two different countries.
the first phase of gerd reservoir filling began in summer 2020. the curved shape southwest of the main dam is referred to as the saddle dam, and the reservoir reached it for the first time in 2022.
landsat imagery may make it look like the lake is filling at a rapid pace, but filling the reservoir is still a gradual process. filling too quickly could lead to hydrologic water shortages downstream, especially if a drought hits at the time.



granja porcón 
mining            
afforestation            
just west of the mining area, a dark green…            

-7.0005
-78.5318
 
yanacocha mine, peru 
off            
3258            
just west of the mining area, a dark green patch of land emerges in the time series of images. this is a cooperative farm called granja porcón. the 12,000 hectares of land in the cooperative were originally grassy plains.
the dark green area on the images indicates the effects of an afforestation project. granja porcón includes a nursery that produces over a million seedlings per year, and the forest plantations provide wood as a source of income for the local population. pine species are planted in this location because of their resistance to cold at high elevation.
tourists can visit and work alongside the residents of the cooperative in day-to-day tasks, such as milking cows or working in the fields.



great salt lake, utah, usa 
water            
algae, drought, flooding, lakes, salt, saltwater, water use            
these images show the dramatic effects of the…            

41.2780
-112.7431
 
great salt lake, utah, usa 
on            
3296            
these images show the dramatic effects of the great salt lake's high water levels in the 1980s. these effects included a great increase in the lake’s area, the opening of the causeway crossing the lake, and the creation of a new evaporation basin west of the lake.
the great salt lake is a terminal lake, with no outlet rivers running to the ocean. since water leaves the lake only through evaporation, it leaves behind its dissolved minerals, making the lake up to 8 times as salty as seawater.
the lack of outlets also means the lake responds dramatically to change in inflow. rainy weather beginning in 1982 brought the highest levels in recorded history, peaking in june 1986 and march–april 1987. the lake is shallow for its size—about 70 miles long and 30 miles wide, but only about 40 feet deep. because the lake basin is so shallowly sloped, extra inflow to the lake makes it rise only slowly, but any rise means a large increase in area. highways, causeways, and parts of salt lake city were flooded or threatened in the 1980s, costing millions of dollars.
long-term drought and water use led to great salt lake reaching its lowest level on record in november 2022. this low level of the lake can increase dust pollution and reduce mineral extraction, shrimp production, waterfowl habitat, and recreational opportunities.
landsat imagery shows the lake shrinking from june 2022 to october 2022, then slightly expanding in 2023.
landsat has been monitoring the lake for over 50 years, and will keep tracking the water level changes.



greeley 
cities            
freeways, urban growth            
other urban centers near denver are also…            

39.7436
-105.0202
 
denver, colorado, usa 
off            
3124            
other urban centers near denver are also growing quickly. while the population of the denver metropolitan area increased by 84% between 1990 and 2022, greeley, about 40 miles north of denver, increased by 80.4% in the same time period.
in these false color images, residential areas are a mottled green, with streets, highways, and other infrastructure showing up in purple hues. the brightest green spots are golf courses, parks, and other areas that have growing green grass. bright green circles and rectangles are farm fields. in fact, just about everything that is green in these images away from the mountains is irrigated.
other expansion seen in these images is the petroleum and natural gas industry. an increased number of bright spots indicates more oil and gas wells.





growing season to harvest 
agriculture, water            
center-pivot, harvest, irrigation, water use            
these 2021 images show the seasonal…            

37.9653
-100.8699
 
garden city, kansas, usa 
off            
3291            
these 2021 images show the seasonal progression of the irrigated crops in this area, from around the peak of the growing season to harvest. the august image is at the height of the growing season, and the november image is after many fields have been harvested. the harvested fields are a conspicuous white and not red because the vegetation has been removed.



growth and housing 
cities            
population, suburbs, urban growth            
from 1975 to 2020, santiago’s population…            

-33.4600
-70.6600
 
santiago, chile 
off            
3115            
from 1975 to 2020, santiago’s population increased from under 3.5 million to just over 7 million. in the late 1970s, housing shortages were increasing, particularly for the poor. in the early 1990s, santiago’s elites moved to the northeastern suburbs to escape the city center’s increasing congestion, retail, and rural immigrants. the affluent barrio alto district is in this quarter, flanked by the andes and the san cristobal hills.
a squatter settlement existed in the barrio alto, housing many domestic servants and workers for wealthy households nearby, until the mid-1970s when the government evicted them. a park in place of the squatter settlement was discussed, but instead one of chile’s largest shopping malls, the parque arauco, was built. the former squatters were resettled in public housing in the southeastern part of the metropolitan area.
this followed the pattern of the military government: slum clearance in the city’s center and northeast, with a shift to public housing on the urban fringe, which has been called “the bedroom community of the working poor.” the bulk of metropolitan growth since the world war ii has in fact been along the southern edge, where the central valley widens and land is relatively cheap. in the mid-1970s, the government bought large tracts of agricultural land and committed its housing resources in this area. the government’s “making neighborhoods healthy” (saneamiento) program has brought services such as water, sewer, and electricity to much of this housing.
a bit of trivia
because santiago is close to the west coast of south america, it might be hard to tell whether it’s east or west of los angeles. but it’s not even close. santiago is almost straight south of boston. in fact, because of the angles, the orbit path for this scene (path 233) is one path east of newfoundland (path 1).



growth of nucleos 
deforestation, forests            
rain forest, soybeans            
in the 1975 image, the initial clearing for…            

-17.221
-62.4529
 
santa cruz, bolivia 
off            
3159            
in the 1975 image, the initial clearing for the san julian settlements is visible along the highway—the pink line heading north-south. later images show a well-defined 3x3 box pattern with roads connecting them. the united states agency for international development (usaid) helped fund new roads along with wells and community center clearing.
in the middle of the two groupings of nucleos is a clearing of a different pattern. this is the zapito private farm, which is not part of the san julian colonies.



guangzhou and foshan 
agriculture, cities, coasts            
megacities, urban growth            
as an example of how the cities of the region…            

22.621
113.729
 
pearl river delta, china 
off            
3469            
as an example of how the cities of the region have merged after the 1978 reforms, these images are a closer look at guangzhou and foshan. even in 2000, they were clearly separate cities. the land between them then fills in with urbanization.
the 2017 image shows the appearance of what appear to be several black dots between the two cities. these are high-rise residential buildings. they look a little similar to the fish ponds, but these are a bit smaller, and they are dark because of the shadows they cast on the ground.



gulf of fonseca, honduras and nicaragua 
aquaculture, coasts, water            
mangrove, salt flats, shrimp, shrimp farms, volcano            
honduras is one of latin america’s top…            

13.008
-87.311
 
gulf of fonseca, honduras and nicaragua 
on            
3299            
honduras is one of latin america’s top producers of cultured shrimp. since the 1980s, vast areas of land have been converted to shrimp farms around the gulf of fonseca along the honduras-nicaragua border. but there are concerns about the environmental impact of this industry on the gulf’s wetlands.



hailstorm at eros, sioux falls, sd, usa 
agriculture, natural disasters            
hail, hailstorm, storm, weather            
these images show the location of the usgs…            

43.7357
-96.6255
 
hailstorm at eros, sioux falls, sd, usa 
on            
3308            
these images show the location of the usgs earth resources observation and science (eros) center, about 10 miles north of sioux falls, south dakota. on sunday, july 13, 1997, an unusually severe hailstorm blasted through the area, missing sioux falls but hitting eros head-on. the storm pounded eros with 20 minutes of baseball- to softball-sized hail. landsat 5 passed overhead three days later and documented the aftermath.
healthy crops normally surround sioux falls. the healthy crops appear bright red because red represents the near-infrared light (that human eyes can’t see) that is highly reflected by healthy vegetation. most of the crops grown in this area are soybeans and corn. some of those fields turned gray in the 1997 image, where the hailstorm converted the cropland into bare soil. the conversion was temporary, however, as the landsat 5 image from 1998 demonstrates. the cropland is back to the expected red, indicating healthy crops.



halley station 
glaciers            
calving, chasm, crevasses, ice, ice rumples, ice shelf, icebergs, rifts            
the british antarctic survey has studied brunt…            

-75.631
-26.5
 
brunt ice shelf, antarctica 
off            
3485            
the british antarctic survey has studied brunt ice shelf in person since 1955. scientists at their halley research station study earth, atmospheric, and space weather processes. since 2012, the station has been made up of eight interlinked pods, built on skis so they can be moved, such as during the antarctic summer of 2016–2017. referred to as halley vi research station, it was moved to the eastern side of chasm 1.
the station is constantly on the move anyway, since the floating ice shelf flows at a rate of up to 2 km per year toward the west.
images from europe’s copernicus sentinel-2 satellites show the station’s previous location in 2016 and new location after that. even at this satellite’s 10-m resolution in natural color images, the station consists of only a few pixels. 



halloween crack 
glaciers            
calving, chasm, crevasses, ice, ice rumples, ice shelf, icebergs, rifts            
another rift appeared on the brunt ice shelf…            

-75.631
-26.5
 
brunt ice shelf, antarctica 
off            
3486            
another rift appeared on the brunt ice shelf in october 2016 and quickly extended eastward. dubbed halloween crack, it’s located about 12 km north of halley research station. by march 2017, the crack cut 35 km across the ice shelf. by october 2018, it was 60 km long.
these images from landsat 8 use only its panchromatic band. the resolution of this band is 15 m, rather than the 30 m of the other bands. it makes the images grayscale, which in antarctica is not much different from natural color.
do you see halley research station move into view in the lower right of the images?
how about another rift forming in the last images and an iceberg breaking from the shelf? more on that in the “north rift” sections.



harbours 
cities, coasts            
harbors, olympics, urban growth            
sydney harbour defines the city and makes it…            

-33.852
151.2105
 
sydney, australia 
off            
3173            
sydney harbour defines the city and makes it recognizable worldwide. parks, reserves, and gardens line the 240 kilometers of shoreline of this beautiful natural harbour. any green that you see in the images along the harbour are parks or reserves—along with a few golf courses.
the sydney harbour bridge crosses the harbour. this well-known australia landmark opened in 1932. the height of the top of the arch is 134 meters above sea level. the 1-kilometer-long bridge is visible in the landsat images, but you have to look closely.
located near the bridge is one of the world’s most recognizable buildings and part of sydney harbour’s landscape. the sydney opera house was completed in 1973. it is seen as a few bright pixels in the images, on the end of the point nearest the bridge.
the 2000 summer olympic games took place in sydney. can you spot the location of sydney’s olympic park?



hasankeyf 
dams, energy, water            
archaeology, declassified, reservoirs, rivers            
another consequence of the dam is the burial…            

37.533
41.848
 
ilısu dam, turkey 
off            
3495            
another consequence of the dam is the burial and inundation of the hasankeyf archaeological site. the site has evidence of human habitation dating back 12,000 years.
before the reservoir inundated the town, residents were relocated to high ground north of the river. named new hasankeyf, the new town is home to a few historical structures moved from their original locations, including a tomb, a mosque, and an ancient bath. while a section of the old town remains above the water, many archaeological sites were submerged beginning in 2019.
the declassified hexagon satellite image also shows enough detail to reveal hasankeyf’s previous location.



history 
coasts, water, wetlands            
bayou, delta, island            
the biloxi-chitimacha-choctaw community began…            

29.3924
-90.4870
 
isle de jean charles, louisiana, usa 
off            
3346            
the biloxi-chitimacha-choctaw community began in the early 1800s when frenchman jean marie naquin married pauline verdin, a native american. naquin’s family disowned him for this, and the couple moved to the delta region, where his father had traveled many times. despite being disowned, naquin named the island where the couple settled after his father jean charles naquin.
naquin and verdin, along with the other original inhabitants of the island, had also moved there to escape the trail of tears, the forced removal of native americans from the southeast in the 1830s to present-day oklahoma. they sought refuge in the dense forested swamps of the mississippi delta, which white settlers thought were uninhabitable.
most of jean marie and pauline’s children married descendants of the biloxi-chitimacha and choctaw tribes. other families moved to the island after intermarriage between the families. by 1910, the island population had grown to 16 families, all descendants of the first families to settle there. they lived by fishing, gathering oysters, trapping, and hunting.
by the 1950s, there were around 80 families living in isle de jean charles, and the island spanned 33,000 acres. today, the island has shrunk to 320 acres and fewer than 30 families remain. many residents moved elsewhere, fracturing the community. with the people scattered, the heritage and traditions are fading away. afraid of losing their culture, the community is now planning another resettlement, possibly the only way for them to adapt to the changing louisiana coast.
the tribe has been planning resettlement since 2000, and in january 2016, the u.s. department of housing and urban development (hud) awarded the tribe $48 million to help them move. a possible location has been chosen that would allow the community to regain their culture with traditional hunting, fishing, and agriculture. the site is a 515-acre sugar farm north of houma. resettlement, however, is a difficult concept to accept. tribe members say losing the island is like losing a family member.
moderate resolution imagery from landsat (30 meters) and sentinel (10 meters) shows a broad view of the changes around the island over time. landsat’s history goes back to 1972, with 60-meter resolution imagery to show a long view of the change.
 
sentinel-2a
imagery from the europe's copernicus sentinel-2 satellite is distributed by the usgs through earthexplorer.



how landsat helps 
forests, wildlife            
caterpillar, defoliation, insect infestation, moth            
landsat data can track the spread of the…            

41.667
-71.77
 
spongy moth infestation, ma, ct, ri, usa 
off            
3306            
landsat data can track the spread of the outbreak and monitor defoliation. comparing newly acquired landsat observations with long-term average conditions modeled from landsat time series makes it possible to detect changes in vegetation “greenness” in near-real time.
these forest condition assessment maps represent changes in expected forest reflectance signatures compared to average patterns over an 11-year baseline. blue pixels indicate forest conditions that are within the normal range of variability, while yellow, orange, and red show sustained decreases in vegetation greenness that coincide with caterpillar stages of the spongy moth life cycle and are indicative of varying degrees of defoliation.
black is non-forest, according to national land cover database 2011 (nlcd 2011) classifications.
data from landsat not only detects initial outbreak and magnitude of the defoliation but also recovery later in the season.




huang he delta, china 
aquaculture, cities, coasts, water            
delta, erosion, levees, peninsula, rivers, sediment, shrimp farms, tidal flats            
the huang he river in china is a wanderer. its…            

37.7643
119.1480
 
huang he delta, china 
on            
3310            
the huang he river in china is a wanderer. its lower reaches have changed course many times, moving the delta up and down the coast several hundred kilometers over the centuries.
the huang he (yellow) river is over 4,800 kilometers long. it’s the 2nd longest river in china and the 5th longest in the world. it’s also the muddiest river on earth. on its long journey, the river crosses a soft plateau that’s covered with fine, wind-blown soil. the river carries away millions of tons of this delta-building material every year. the huang he derives its yellow color from fine particles of mica, quartz, and feldspar.
the river shows up well in most of these landsat images because of the high sediment load, which reflects light. the sediment even shows up in the water of many of these images where the river flows into the sea.



hubbard glacier, alaska, usa 
glaciers, water            
fjord, ice, lake            
unlike many glaciers in alaska and around the…            

60.3139
-139.3708
 
hubbard glacier, alaska, usa 
on            
3325            
unlike many glaciers in alaska and around the world, hubbard glacier is thickening and advancing. hubbard glacier has a large accumulation area, like a river with a large watershed. this large area of snow in the mountains upstream either melts or flows down to the end of the glacier, and hubbard steadily grows. in fact, hubbard glacier has advanced 1.5 miles, or about 2.4 kilometers, since 1895.
these landsat images illustrate an unusual event that was observed twice at the terminus of hubbard glacier. hubbard temporarily blocked russell fjord (a long, narrow inlet of the sea) from the rest of disenchantment bay and the gulf of alaska. it’s even possible that the glacier could one day permanently block the fjord.



hurricane katrina, new orleans, louisiana, usa 
cities, natural disasters, water, wetlands            
canals, flooding, hurricane, lake, river, storm, weather            
hurricane katrina was one of the most intense…            

29.9581
-90.0619
 
hurricane katrina, new orleans, louisiana, usa 
on            
3329            
hurricane katrina was one of the most intense and costliest hurricanes to hit the united states. on august 28, 2005, katrina was a category 5 storm (on the saffir-simpson scale) in the middle of the gulf of mexico. it made landfall the next morning as a strong category 3 storm with sustained winds of 125 miles (200 kilometers) per hour.
flooding in new orleans began early that morning, and water continued pouring into the city until september 1. state health departments estimate that hurricane katrina caused about 2,000 deaths, most occurring in louisiana. about 75 percent of the new orleans metropolitan area was flooded. the storm caused an estimated $80 billion in damage.
landsat recorded the devastation and continues to monitor the region’s wetlands. new orleans, louisiana, is near the bottom of the images along the mississippi river. the city lies just south of lake pontchartrain. hundreds of square miles of wetlands were lost after katrina. some marshlands became permanent water bodies. some projects now aim to bring back marshlands because of their value in defending the coastline from storms.
(black stripes run through the sep. 15, 2005, images because of the scan line corrector failure on landsat 7 in may 2003.)



hyacinth 
agriculture, cities, water            
floriculture, flowers, greenhouses, hyacinth, lakes, roses            
the sentinel-2 satellites from the european…            

-.7756
36.3556
 
lake naivasha, kenya 
off            
3380            
the sentinel-2 satellites from the european space agency (esa) use infrared imaging to highlight certain information about the land surface. in the near-infrared wavelength of light, actively growing vegetation appears red in these images that show the lake more closely at a resolution of 10 m.
the cropland appears in bright red around the lake, and the greenhouses are the light blocky shapes. however, bright red swirls also appear on the surface of the lake, and the extent and location change in each image. sentinel’s near-infrared proves that it’s vegetation and that it’s alive.
the nuisance plant is water hyacinth, a fast-spreading, free-floating plant that forms moving, impenetrable mats. it hinders boating and fishing and interferes with the ecology of the lake.
european settlement in the early 1900s likely brought hyacinth to lake naivasha. around 1920, hyacinth was tossed into the lake to beautify it. low nutrients restricted it to the shallow northern shores for decades. it spread to other parts of the lake in the 1980s. the flower farms increased at this time, using so much water that the lake level dropped, exposing hyacinth seeds. as the lake became over-enriched with farm runoff, the hyacinth thrived.
in the landsat images in the other sections, the near-infrared wavelength is used to make vegetation appear green. the extent and location of the hyacinth on the lake’s surface changes over the years in those images, visible as the bright green shapes on the lake.
the hyacinth was at first limited to protected bays and estuaries. the western part of the lake has been most affected recently, but these images do show it spreading over various parts of the lake. scientists will continue to use sentinel, landsat, and other remote sensing instruments to track the changes caused by the blooming cut flower industry.



hydrology 
mining, mountains            
coal, groundwater, hydrology, mountaintop removal, reclamation, valleys            
the effects on the hydrology in the region…            

38.07
-81.94
 
mountaintop mining, west virginia, usa 
off            
3452            
the effects on the hydrology in the region where mountaintop mining takes place is not well understood—how does this mining activity affect the movement and storage of water?
the epa, in a 2011 report, explains that stream ecosystems are affected by mountaintop mining in five principal ways:

springs are permanently lost when buried under valley fill.
elevated levels of chemicals are found downstream.
degraded water quality in streams can be lethal to organisms.
selenium levels are elevated in the water, toxic to fish and birds.
fish communities are degraded.

one way hydrology changes is through the reclamation process. heavy equipment compacts the soil, which inhibits water infiltration and natural succession. that is, the compacted soil doesn’t soak in water the same way as it did before when it was natural forest. native trees do not grow well in this compacted soil, where rainfall runs off faster. even when grasses are planted immediately during reclamation, runoff is increased in these areas.
increased runoff can lead to more frequent downstream flooding. some fill areas that have large volumes of crushed rock can actually increase watershed storage. but how and to what extent these areas control runoff are not clear.
furthermore, groundwater samples from mined areas after reclamation have been found to contain more mine-derived chemicals than water from unmined areas. these chemicals (lead, aluminum, chromium, manganese, and selenium) would otherwise remain sealed up in the coal and rock. water flowing through the valley fills picks up these chemicals and flows into the streams. researchers have linked declines in stream biodiversity to an increase in these contaminants, affecting the freshwater species found there.



hydrology 
agriculture, water, wildlife            
flooding, lakes, rivers            
an aerial image from 1952 shows lake thompson…            

44.2623
-97.455
 
lake thompson, south dakota, usa 
off            
3401            
an aerial image from 1952 shows lake thompson as a wetland, with about one-third of it as open water. landsat began observing the area in 1972 with multispectral imaging that includes visible and near-infrared bands, which are great at distinguishing open water from dry land.
water levels have fallen somewhat since the 1990s but continue to fluctuate depending on annual precipitation. some shoreline and shallow areas change between dry land, marshland, and open water.
most lakes in the ppr are closed systems. that means they do not have an outlet for water to flow out. it also means they can change a lot based on variable rainfall and snowmelt from year to year. as these water bodies expand, they can connect to other water bodies that were previously disconnected.
from around the 1890s until the mid-1980s, most lakes around lake thompson were closed lakes, disconnected from one another. above average precipitation in 1984 brought an increase in tributary inflow into the lakes of kingsbury county. above average rain continued for two more years, and a chain reaction began that went something like this: in april 1986, spirit lake overflowed and drained into mud lake. mud lake then overflowed, its water draining to silver lake by way of a drainage channel. silver lake then overflowed into lake thompson.
but that’s not all.
lake preston also overflowed around that time and drained into lake whitewood, which subsequently rose above its outlet and drained into lake thompson. by october 1986, lake thompson ceased to be a closed basin when it drained into the east fork vermillion river. water from the east fork vermillion river subsequently flows into the missouri river. this marked the first time lake thompson had overflowed in over 100 years.




ice breakup 
water            
fishing, ice, ice fishing, ice road, lakes            
the mille lacs lake ice roads are short-lived…            

46.23
-93.64
 
mille lacs lake, minnesota, usa 
off            
3509            
the mille lacs lake ice roads are short-lived. ice houses need to be off the lake before the ice breaks up in the spring. the deadline varies by year, depending on ice conditions. it’s usually in late february to early march.



ice fishing 
water            
fishing, ice, ice fishing, ice road, lakes            
the number of ice houses on mille lacs lake…            

46.23
-93.64
 
mille lacs lake, minnesota, usa 
off            
3508            
the number of ice houses on mille lacs lake can exceed 5,500. ice fishers are after walleye, northern pike, muskie, yellow perch, largemouth and smallmouth bass, and tullibee.
it’s possible for the roads to be obscured after a snowfall, to the extent that they need to be plowed. so some images show the roads as less clear.



ice road 
mining, water            
diamonds, ice, ice road, lakes, tundra            
the world’s longest ice road connects…            

64.5097
-110.306
 
diamond mines, northwest territories, canada 
off            
3273            
the world’s longest ice road connects yellowknife to three diamond mines: ekati, diavik, and snap lake. of the 475 kilometers (300 miles) of ice road, 86 percent of it is across frozen lakes.
the ice road is the only overland supply route for the mines. each winter, a year’s worth of fuel, construction material, heavy mining equipment, and explosives are trucked to the mines. the road provides the most cost-effective method for transporting these supplies.
open only 8–10 weeks of the year, the ice road is open from mid-january to march. it has to be rebuilt each year. work on the road starts soon after christmas. when the ice is 1 meter (42 inches) thick, it can support a truck fully loaded with over 40 metric tons (44 tons) of fuel.
full trucks traveling north have a strict speed limit of 25 kilometers (15.5 miles) per hour. empty trucks heading south can use the express lane and go up to 70 kilometers (43.5 miles) per hour. the number of trucks the road handles per year varies. just over 6,000 truckloads were driven north during the 2013 season.
this place is so far north it’s too dark for satellite imaging in the middle of winter. early summer, late summer, and late winter images are shown for comparison. there is still some ice on the lake in the july images. in the april images, the straight dark lines across the ice are the temporary roads.



ice rumples 
glaciers            
calving, chasm, crevasses, ice, ice rumples, ice shelf, icebergs, rifts            
major rifts have formed near a distinctive…            

-75.631
-26.5
 
brunt ice shelf, antarctica 
off            
3483            
major rifts have formed near a distinctive feature called the mcdonald ice rumples. the feature, rising about 10 m above the surrounding ice shelf, may be responsible for the relative stability of brunt ice shelf over most of the 20th century.
ice rumples form when ice flows over a rocky formation on the seabed. as the shelf moves toward the ocean, ice collects behind the rock and wrinkles. this rocky formation impedes the flow of ice, causing pressure waves, crevasses, and rifts to form at the surface.
through this landsat time series, the feature that causes the rumples remains stationary, while the ice shelf and its rifts flow west.



iguazú falls 
agriculture, dams, deforestation, water            
airport, river, waterfalls            
within this scene is one of the largest…            

-25.5542
-54.5934
 
iguazú, south america 
off            
3334            
within this scene is one of the largest waterfalls in the world. on the border between brazil and argentina on the iguazú river, 275 falls collectively make up iguazú falls. “devil’s throat” is the tallest at 80 meters.
landsat’s 30-meter resolution doesn’t reveal the falls in great detail. but in the 2011 image, a blue-white line at the location of the falls points down toward the southeast. this line is the foamy water crashing over the devil’s throat portion of the falls.
a runway is visible southwest of the falls. this is cataratas airport, which serves the city of puerto iguazú, argentina, and provides access for tourists to visit the falls.
iguazú falls was named one of the new 7 wonders of nature in 2011.



iguazú national park 
agriculture, dams, deforestation, water            
rain forest, river            
iguazú national park is located in argentina…            

-25.5542
-54.5934
 
iguazú, south america 
off            
3335            
iguazú national park is located in argentina on the border with brazil and paraguay. its boundary is sharply defined as the bright green section on the right of the images. the brazilian side of the park, north of the iguazú river, is called iguaçú national park.
the park is almost an island of southwestern atlantic rain forest, one of the few remaining original areas of this type of tropical rain forest. the atlantic rain forest is distinct from the amazon and once stretched along most of brazil’s atlantic coast and inland several hundred kilometers. in 1973, there were some cleared areas just north of the iguazú river in brazil, but they have since regrown.
these images clearly demonstrate the effect of differing land use policies surrounding the park. paraguay lies west of the paraná river, which runs vertically through the center of these scenes. paraguay has permitted complete development of the land. in 1973, the area seen in these images was vegetated, but by 2011, nearly all the land on the paraguay side appears to be under human development, with a patchwork of cleared and agricultural areas.
the deforestation in paraguay begins with the telltale fishbone pattern. roads built into the forest are the entryway into clearing the land for agriculture. on the argentina side of the river, development is considerably more modest than in paraguay. the bottom middle part of these images shows a different forest management practice. the oddly shaped patterns of deep green are forest plantations used for lumber and pulp. while intense transition from forest to agriculture can harm the land and environment, these plantations can reduce soil erosion, improve water quality, increase carbon sequestration, and provide habitat for many species.



iguazú, south america 
agriculture, dams, deforestation, water            
airport, hydropower, rain forest, river, waterfalls            
on the border between brazil, paraguay, and…            

-25.5542
-54.5934
 
iguazú, south america 
on            
3332            
on the border between brazil, paraguay, and argentina are some curious land use features. paraguay lies west of the paraná river, which runs north to south down the middle of the images. the iguazú river flows toward the west and into the paraná river. north of the iguazú river is brazil, and argentina is to its south.
at this location, we can see the effects of deforestation of the rain forest, one of the largest dams in the world, a spectacular set of waterfalls, and a sharp contrast between protected land and intense development.



ijsselmeer, netherlands 
agriculture, coasts, water            
artificial islands, dikes, lake, land creation, land reclamation, polders            
for centuries, people living in what is now…            

52.6464
5.3998
 
ijsselmeer, netherlands 
on            
3339            
for centuries, people living in what is now the netherlands have used various strategies to control the water levels in this low-lying country. the alteration of this landscape continues as residents work to improve farmland and protect inhabited areas from flooding.
beginning in 1932, dutch engineers created a series of dikes to drain water from an inlet of the north sea. the reclaimed land increased the land area of the netherlands that could be used for agriculture.
these images illustrate the progress of the netherlands' diking and draining of the ijsselmeer region. the ijsselmeer is a lake on the coast of the netherlands. (this lake, or meer, is named after the ijssel river and is pronounced eye-ssel-mare.) in the satellite images, water appears blue-black, and vegetation appears red. highly reflective areas like pavement or bare soil appear light blue or blue-green. amsterdam can be seen in the lower left of the images.
until 1932, this area was the zuiderzee (pronounced zigh-dr-zee and meaning southern sea), simply a saltwater inlet of the north sea. by 1968, the dutch had transformed 1,979 km2 of the zuiderzee into blocks of usable land, called polders. here is how that typically happened:

in 1932, the dutch completed a dike across the mouth of the zuiderzee, creating the ijsselmeer. this dike can be seen in the upper middle portion of these main images. the freshwater from the ijssel river flushed out the saltwater, creating a lake.
between 1930 and 1968, dikes were built around five portions of the ijsselmeer.
the polders were drained using pumps.
reeds naturally grew on the former sea bottom. to help dry out the soil, the dutch let the reeds grow. transpiration moves water into the air faster than evaporation alone would.
when the soil dried, the reeds were cleared and colza was planted. colza is related to cabbage and turnips.
the colza was cleared, and grain crops were planted.
the polders were cultivated for up to five years before the land was ready to produce commercially.
land was then leased to commercial farmers, or towns were built.

the first of the five polders (wieringermeer, in the northwest) was actually diked directly from the sea, not from the ijsselmeer. it was dry two years before the mouth of the zuiderzee was closed off.



ilisu dam 
dams, energy, water            
declassified, hydropower, rivers, water use            
the ilisu dam is 440 feet high and a mile wide…            

37.533
41.848
 
ilısu dam, turkey 
off            
3494            
the ilisu dam is 440 feet high and a mile wide. generating 1,200 megawatts of electricity, it’s turkey’s fourth largest dam in terms of power generation.
the decline in water flow for the tigris river can lower the water quality downstream, especially during a drought. where the tigris drains into the persian gulf in southern iraq, the lower flow can cause saltwater intrusion from the gulf. this hinders the recovery of the mesopotamian marshes.
declassified satellite imagery reveals a now-inundated village, koctepe, just above the location of the ilisu dam. the hexagon satellite image has a resolution of 2–4 feet, enough detail to see the small village by the tigris river.



ilısu dam, turkey 
dams, energy, water            
hydropower, reservoirs, rivers, water use            
the tigris and euphrates rivers flow into the…            

37.533
41.848
 
ilısu dam, turkey 
on            
3493            
the tigris and euphrates rivers flow into the historical cradle of civilization. dams built on these rivers in recent decades have altered the landscape with large reservoirs easily seen in landsat imagery.
turkey has built 22 dams as part of its southeastern anatolia project, as the country works toward energy independence. the country’s last major dam planned for the tigris is also its largest. a reservoir began filling behind the ilisu dam in july 2019.
over its five decades, the landsat program has provided a record of both natural and human-caused landscape change.



illinois/indiana, usa 
natural disasters, water            
cutoff, flooding, rain, rivers, weather            
these three landsat 5 images show several…            

38.4375
-87.7118
 
illinois/indiana, usa 
on            
3132            
these three landsat 5 images show several rivers in southern illinois and indiana, usa, during normal and flooded conditions. peak flooding was observed in this area on june 10 and 11, 2008. the clear landsat scene from june 11, 2008, and the clear image of “normal” conditions from june 9, 2007, allow us to compare the scenes and see exactly what damage a flood of this magnitude can cause.
rainfall amounts ranging from about 2 inches to more than 10 inches fell in this area on june 6–7, 2008. spring was wetter than normal, so the heavy rain easily saturated the ground. the rivers quickly rose to exceed flood stage.
satellite images can help authorities respond to disasters such as floods. the images can help local authorities see the amount of flooding and where there is damage to property. the extent of the flood can be mapped so that response teams can view where they are needed and respond quickly.



imperial valley, california, usa 
agriculture, cities, water            
canal, irrigation, lake, river, saltwater, sea, water use            
these images show the imperial valley, on the…            

33.2143
-115.724
 
imperial valley, california, usa 
on            
3128            
these images show the imperial valley, on the border of california and mexico. the international border is plain in the images because of the different intensity of vegetation, shown in bright green. these images also show the salton sea and the growing cities of el centro, calexico, and mexicali.
this valley, also known as the salton sink, the salton basin, and the salton trough, is actually an extension of the gulf of california, cut off from the gulf by the colorado river’s delta fan. the valley was renamed imperial by turn-of-the-century land investors. the area south of the u.s.-mexico border is known as the mexicali valley.
at the bottom of the sink lies the salton sea, the largest lake in california. it lacks an outlet to the ocean and lies 70 m below sea level. about 85% of the sea’s inflows come from agricultural runoff, and its waters are 37% saltier than the pacific ocean.
the sea’s water level had been kept steady by runoff from irrigation canals. but water levels have been decreasing since around 2005 as less runoff has been entering the sea. as the water evaporates, the sea shrinks.



impervious surface 
cities, deserts, water            
impervious surface, land cover maps, population, urban growth            
nlcd images of western las vegas show the…            

36.2551
-115.2383
 
las vegas, nevada, usa 
off            
3067            
nlcd images of western las vegas show the urban expansion that took place. the land cover classes that expand noticeably in these images are the developed classes. with these classes, nlcd can be used to track changes to impervious surface.
impervious surfaces include roads, buildings, and parking lots—surfaces that do not allow rainwater to soak into the ground. the extent and density of impervious surface can affect water quality and flooding severity in urban areas.
in a forested area, for example, most rainfall soaks into the soils and is stored as groundwater, slowing the discharge into streams. flooding in these areas is less significant. in urban areas, however, much more water runs off into streams quickly and increases the likelihood of severe flooding.
studying impervious surface change allows scientists to quantify the extent of developed land cover regionally and nationally. nlcd is widely used to evaluate effects on hydrological and ecological systems in many urban areas.
impervious surfaces are best measured with satellites. they cannot be easily or cost-effectively measured on the ground.
the impervious surface product provides a value for every land cover pixel mapped as developed. the product provides a 0–100% value for each pixel. black is no impervious surface.




impervious surface 
cities            
impervious surface, streamflow, urban growth            
scientists studying the effects of urban…            

18.509
73.857
 
pune, india 
off            
3394            
scientists studying the effects of urban growth are concerned with surface imperviousness—the amount of land covered by human-made features such as asphalt, concrete, and rooftops. these surfaces are impervious to rainwater. on these surfaces, rainfall does not soak into the land; instead, it runs down the streets or across parking lots, often pooling up in low-lying areas, increasing the risk of local flooding.
during heavy rainfall, areas of increased impervious surface can be more vulnerable to flash floods. the excess water flows directly to streams, often by way of storm water drains. this directly increases streamflow and reduces the amount of water that infiltrates into the ground.
in these images, pune itself is at the bottom right at the sharp bend of the mula-mutha river. toward the top center of these images is pimpri-chinchwad. the pink, maroon, and lavender tones are the colors associated with impervious surfaces. in many areas, urban areas are expanding over what was once either agriculture or bare ground, visibly increasing impervious surface.
even at landsat’s 30-m resolution, roads and structures can be seen to increase across the landscape. some individual buildings can be seen, too—the bright rectangles to the north. green rectangles are farm fields in the center of the images. over time, many of them convert to built-up impervious surface.
scientists use hydrological models to quantify how streamflow changes in areas of increased urban growth. they can better understand how the entire watershed is changing due to urbanization. in the mula-mutha subwatershed where pune is, average streamflow increased from 179.14 m3/s to 185.23 m3/s between 1980 and 2009.
landsat data can be used to map impervious surfaces and quantify the effect of the increased runoff it causes. landsat can also be used with the european space agency’s sentinel-2 satellites to get more frequent coverage of study areas.



in situ mining 
forests, mining, natural disasters            
bitumen, boreal forest, oil, oil sands, well pads            
a large oil reserve sits under the boreal…            

56.978
-111.46
 
athabasca oil sands, alberta, canada 
off            
3203            
a large oil reserve sits under the boreal forest of northwestern alberta, canada. open pits are created to reach the oil that lies less than 75 meters (246 feet) from the surface. to extract oil that is too deep for surface mining operations, in situ mining, or “in place” mining, is used. mining companies use steam and gravity to bring the sticky oil to the surface. landsat reveals where this method is taking place.
two parallel l-shaped wells reach into the deep oil sand deposit. one injects steam through holes in the pipe. this warms the oil and lowers its viscosity. the oil then flows down to the well below where it’s pumped to the surface.
this method is not as visible in the landsat images as the surface mining is. each well needs a “well pad,” a small area of boreal forest cleared. a growing number of small dots appear in a grid pattern over the time series images. a vertical line appears near the top of the 2009 image. this airport was built to fly in workers close to the mining sites.



industry 
agriculture, cities, coasts            
delta, megacities, urban growth            
the prd was mostly rural before the 1978…            

22.621
113.729
 
pearl river delta, china 
off            
3153            
the prd was mostly rural before the 1978 reforms began. the major industries were farming and aquaculture. the major crops were rice, sugar cane, peanuts, soybeans, bananas, and oranges. fish were raised in a huge system of artificial ponds.
the region’s economic growth is now outpacing the rest of the country. the relatively small farming and fishing villages have become large metropolitan areas. the prd is a major center for telecommunications, biomedicine, robotics, genomics, and manufacturing of electronics, household appliances, computer equipment, toys, garments, footwear, plastic products, and ceramics.
the dark green areas in between cities seen in these images are the region’s dike-pond system. these artificial wetlands have been there since the tang dynasty, over a thousand years ago. grass carp are grown for food in the ponds. vegetables, sugar cane, and other plants are grown on the dikes. mulberry trees are also grown on the dikes, and the leaves are used to feed silkworms.
in this area south of foshan, the dike-ponds are diminishing. the vast increase in manufacturing puts pollutants into the delta, reducing the amount of fish produced. additionally, infrastructure is built on land that once had fertile soils and fish ponds. however, the dike-ponds are also extending toward the south and east, replacing farmland. their extent now covers a wider range and is increasingly fragmented.



industry 
water            
evaporation, evaporation ponds, potash, salt, salt pan, salt ponds, saltwater, sea, sea level, water use            
the dead sea has no outlet. the only way water…            

31.4089
35.4809
 
dead sea, israel, jordan, west bank 
off            
3118            
the dead sea has no outlet. the only way water exits the sea is by evaporation. when the water evaporates, it leaves behind dissolved minerals, making the water even saltier.
those minerals produce the basis for a valuable potash industry. companies from both israel and jordan extract this raw material for fertilizer from the evaporation ponds in the southern basin. the industries that produce the potash pump water from the dead sea into these evaporation ponds. potash is gathered by moving water from one evaporation pond to another.
current studies suggest that as dead sea water use continues, sea levels could decline to 100 meters below the 1960s level by 2050. it would then become too expensive to pump water into the evaporation ponds.
other uses of dead sea salt include

skin products
cosmetics
bath salts
water conditioning
road de-icing

normally, political boundaries are not visible from space. but in this series of landsat images, we do see a political feature. the curved line in the southern basin is the border between israel to the west and jordan to the east.



infrared views of fire 
fires, forests, natural disasters            
burn severity, fire scars, infrared            
in natural color satellite images of wildfires…            

44.4444
-110.6034
 
yellowstone national park, usa 
off            
3146            
in natural color satellite images of wildfires, smoke often obscures the view of the ground. landsat uses several infrared wavelengths, or bands, of light. if some of those infrared wavelengths are used, then different details about the location of burned areas emerge.
the combination of bands we have been looking at use two infrared wavelengths along with one visible band (green). this combination shows freshly burned areas as deep red and vegetation as green. smoke from fire appears blue. the infrared bands help us see the burned areas clearly, but the smoke can still get in the way.
the third image at the left uses landsat’s thermal infrared band and a shortwave infrared band to cut through the smoke to see ground conditions. in this false color image, burned areas are red-orange. this view can help people see where fire might be approaching populated areas.



inland delta of the niger river, mali 
water, wetlands            
floodplain, floods, lakes, marshes, river, sand dunes            
on the edge of the sahara desert lies one of…            

14.6515
-4.4040
 
inland delta of the niger river, mali 
on            
3177            
on the edge of the sahara desert lies one of the world’s most productive wetlands. the inland delta of the niger river in mali is a vast expanse of lakes, channels, and marshes. the niger river divides into countless channels and forms the largest wetland in western africa. the river and wetland form an important water resource for mali, a landlocked and generally dry country.
this delta floods seasonally from september to december, as rainfall from the river’s headwaters in the guinea highlands reaches the delta’s vast flat floodplain. the southern part of the delta is low-lying floodplain with expanses of wetland grasses and reeds. the northern part has sand ridges that emerge from the water during the flood season. the seasonal flooding supports fisheries, pasture, and rice farming. over 1 million people depend on resources in the delta.




interpret the images 
forests            
clearcuts, forestry, logging, reforestation            
a more up-close look in the landsat images…            

43.2259
-123.6700
 
logging in oregon, usa 
off            
3416            
a more up-close look in the landsat images helps you to see the progression of clearcutting and regrowth. the colors in most of these images are a patchwork of tan, white, and various shades of green. first, notice that the landscape changes a lot during this time. how can you ensure that this series of close-up images is the same exact area? identify features that do not change throughout the series, such as a river, as you click through the time series.
next, notice the difference between the shades of light green and dark green. how would these two areas look if you were standing on the ground? dark green indicates taller trees and an older forest. light green areas are only beginning to recover from past logging, so the young trees in these areas are not very tall yet.
the tan areas are fresh clearcuts. using the infrared wavelengths of light that landsat can detect helps to more clearly see those cleared areas. compare the amount of tan seen in these images throughout the time series. can you tell how long it takes for these cleared areas to look as they did before the clearing took place?



introduction to remote sensing 
agriculture, aquaculture, cities, coasts, dams, deforestation, deserts, energy, fires, forests, glaciers, mining, mountains, natural disasters, water, wetlands, wildlife            
 
remote sensing means observing something from…            
  
about earthshots 
off            
3072            
remote sensing means observing something from a distance. satellites observe the earth from space and help scientists study large tracts of land and how that land changes over time.
the sensors onboard the landsat satellites use reflected light to detect electromagnetic energy on the earth’s surface. the level of energy is represented by the electromagnetic spectrum, which is the range of energy that comes from the sun. the light from the sun that we can see is only a small part of the electromagnetic spectrum and includes the colors of the rainbow. satellite sensors record this information in different portions of the electromagnetic spectrum, which is measured in wavelengths. landsat satellite sensors detect both visible and infrared light.
when satellite images are made, these “invisible” types of light are assigned visible colors to represent them so that our eyes can see the data.



irrigated fields 
agriculture, deserts, water            
center pivots, irrigation, lakes, water use            
the economic viability of this huge project…            

23.0772
31.2588
 
toshka project, egypt 
off            
3188            
the economic viability of this huge project has been unclear. it’s impossible to say exactly how much the toshka project has cost so far—estimates of the project’s final cost range up to $70 billion usd.
if more water were to be pumped from lake nasser to irrigate hundereds of thousands of hectares of farmland outside the nile basin, the lake may spill into the toshka lakes only when there is flooding rains upstream. that's what happened in late 2019. the animation below uses images from landsat 8 and sentinel-2 to show the eastern lake filling to capacity—and more—starting in early october.
will people find enough incentive to move to the area and develop it into a “new nile valley”? landsat will continue to track the status of the toshka region and its agricultural development.




irrigation 
deserts            
irrigation            
there has been irrigation along the senegal…            

16.5094
-15.8051
 
rosso, mauritania 
off            
3140            
there has been irrigation along the senegal river in the richard toll, senegal, area since the 1940s. with little dissolved salt, the quality of water in the senegal river is generally good for irrigation. however, proper drainage and cropping schedules are needed to keep levels of alkaline content from accumulating in the root zone.
in the images, the many bright red fields are mostly sugarcane and rice, and virtually all of them are irrigated. the amount of irrigated land increased greatly in this time frame, and new irrigation canals are visible. the irrigated crops are able to grow in the dry season because they are not dependent on rainfall.
on the mauritania side of the river, growth in agriculture is limited by poor soil quality and lack of agricultural education. most of the country's food is imported. since almost half of mauritania's population lives at or below the national poverty level, the imported food is not always affordable. in 2007, the people's distress was expressed by food riots.
in the 2011–2012 growing season, the mauritanian government began some new strategies to increase the yield and amount of crops grown. by training young farmers about agriculture, investing money into more irrigation, and introducing genetically modified crops that can survive in mauritanian conditions, leaders of the country are hopeful that better times are to come for farming.



isahaya bay, japan 
agriculture, coasts, water            
algal blooms, dike, fishing, land creation, red tide, seas, seaweed, tidal flats            
this series of images of southwestern japan…            

32.88
130.1634
 
isahaya bay, japan 
on            
3343            
this series of images of southwestern japan shows how one change can have far-reaching consequences.
the ariake sea is an important fishery and resource for cultured nori (seaweed). the controversial isahaya bay reclamation project has been blamed for recent reduced harvests of fish and nori in the sea. a dike across isahaya bay, which was built to create more farmland, has reduced the tidal current mixing of the sea. these weaker tidal currents have led to abrupt changes in the marine environment.
the 7-kilometer sea wall (dike) was completed in april 1997, cutting off isahaya bay from the waters of the ariake sea. it separated thousands of hectares of tidal flats from the ariake sea and turned what was once japan’s largest area of tidal lands into 1,500 hectares of farmland.
in the landsat series of images, the ariake sea is the large body of water, and isahaya bay lies to its west. the dike can be seen as the straight line in the 2003 and later images, separating dark blue from light blue colored water. black or very dark blue indicates deep water, and light blue represents shallow water. forested areas are green, and urban areas are pink. cropland is distinguished by its rectangular pattern: green shapes are fields with crops, and pink shapes are fields with no crops growing at the time of the image.



islands 
agriculture, dams, water            
declassified, islands, lakes, rivers, seas            
the name aral…            

45.016
58.99
 
aral sea, kazakhstan and uzbekistan 
off            
3198            
the name aral means island. the sea did once have many islands. however, many of them stopped beings islands as the sea dried up. two of the prominent islands were vozrozhdeniya and barsa-kelmes. throughout the series of images, they first become larger, then they become peninsulas. they are now fully connected with the mainland.
vozrozhdeniya island became infamous as the location of the soviet union’s secret biological weapons program. in the 1950s, vozrozhdeniya was a small, isolated island in the middle of the sea. until the collapse of the soviet union in 1991, various pathogens were tested, modified, and possibly weaponized on this island.
vozrozhdeniya island grew in size and joined the mainland around 2001. as the remote site became accessible, there was concern that the pathogens might have survived and spread to the mainland. in the early 2000s, experts from the united states helped uzbekistan decontaminate the former island.
the former island barsa-kelmes is a nature reserve, established in 1939. its natural isolation gave it great protection. but in 1999, the island became accessible, possibly threatening its pristine nature. it is now a desolate plateau, more vegetated than the surrounding dried sea bottom. however, this vegetation degraded as the sea disappeared.
for more information, see the book by micklin and others, listed in the references section, pages 4 and 22.



isle de jean charles, louisiana, usa 
coasts, water, wetlands            
bayou, canals, delta, island, marshland, saltwater, saltwater intrusion, sea level rise, sediment, subsidence            
is louisiana falling into the sea, or is the…            

29.3924
-90.4870
 
isle de jean charles, louisiana, usa 
on            
3345            
is louisiana falling into the sea, or is the sea inundating louisiana? it’s actually a bit of both. and to the inhabitants of a tiny island on the bayou, an island getting tinier by the day, it hardly matters. they just know their home is gradually becoming uninhabitable.
a usgs report estimates that louisiana, which experiences more coastal wetland loss than all other states in the conterminous united states combined, lost 5,197 square kilometers (2,006 square miles) of land from 1932 to 2016. places are actually being removed from maps—noaa is deleting labels from its maps for bays, islands, streams, and other features that are now underwater.
a combination of factors is causing this coastal land loss. marshland, which historically served as protection against storms, has been carved up for oil and gas production activities. the marshland is then open to saltwater intrusion. the low elevation of the region makes it especially vulnerable to sea level rise.
these factors have an immediate effect on the biloxi-chitimacha-choctaw community on isle de jean charles, about 75 miles south of new orleans. the island has lost 98% of its landmass since the 1950s. once 5 miles wide and filled with lush cypress groves and cow pastures, barely a half square mile of the island remains above water.
the saltwater intrusion and loss of land have made it impossible for residents to continue the tradition of growing their own produce. they can no longer grow their own herbs for medicine. the increased cost of living from having to shop for food they once provided for themselves is a struggle.
a variety of images from the eros archive shows how the island, and the surrounding delta, has changed. a combination of different types of imagery is needed in this location to accurately track the changes over time. high resolution is needed to see the small island, but a frequent repeat cycle reveals the larger changes taking place across the delta.



isthmus 
glaciers            
fjord, islands            
the southern tip of spitsbergen is called…            

76.99
16.36 
 
svalbard, norway 
off            
3079            
the southern tip of spitsbergen is called sørkapp land. hornsund fjord nearly divides spitsbergen and sørkapp land into separate islands. only an isthmus of ice separates the two. the narrowing isthmus could someday make sørkapp land a new island.
in fact, new islands have formed in other locations on the arctic coasts of europe and greenland. in places where the bedrock is below sea level, sea water inundates the space left by retreating glaciers.
the isthmus between spitsbergen and sørkapp land is rapidly thinning and recessing. in 1899–1900, the isthmus was 28 kilometers wide. according to one source, the isthmus was 6.2 kilometers wide as of 2013. based on the 2019 landsat image, and measuring the width of the isthmus using geospatial software, the isthmus has narrowed further to about 5 kilometers wide. this ice is grounded well below sea level, so when the ice melts, there will be a strait of open water between the two lands.
the same source estimates that the glaciers on the isthmus will retreat enough to make sørkapp land an island by 2030–2035. the isthmus decreased from 12.3 kilometers in 1990 to 6.2 kilometers in 2013, with a rate of decrease of about 270 meters per year. this annual decrease is close to matching that 5-kilometer measurement for 2019; in fact, the decrease is slightly faster than the source’s estimate.
with the launch of landsat 9 expected in 2021, landsat satellites will continue monitoring the progress of these glaciers to see whether sørkapp land does indeed become a new island in the svalbard archipelago.




itaipú dam 
agriculture, dams, deforestation, water            
hydropower, river, waterfalls            
the world’s largest hydroelectric power plant…            

-25.5542
-54.5934
 
iguazú, south america 
off            
3337            
the world’s largest hydroelectric power plant is on the paraná river between paraguay and brazil. the itaipú dam is capable of producing 14,000 megawatts of power. the reservoir behind the dam formed in 1982 and covers 1,350 square kilometers.
the entire dam is nearly 8 kilometers long. the maximum discharge capacity of the spillway is 62,200 cubic meters per second, 40 times the mean discharge of iguazú falls.
just below the dam is the rapidly expanding city of ciudad del este. its estimated population in 2015 was 317,525.



joe pool lake 
cities            
lakes, reservoirs, urban growth            
joe pool lake, southwest of dallas, is not…            

32.8975
-97.0409
 
dallas, texas, usa 
off            
3259            
joe pool lake, southwest of dallas, is not present in the 1974 image and shows up in the 1989 image. impoundment of the lake began in 1986 and opened for fishing and recreation in 1989.



jökulsárlón lagoon 
glaciers, water            
ice, icebergs, lagoon, lake, proglacial lake, snow            
because of the global trend in retreating…            

64.1080
-16.2630
 
breiðamerkurjökull glacier, iceland 
off            
3228            
because of the global trend in retreating glaciers since the start of the 20th century, proglacial lake formation has increased. proglacial lakes are water bodies at the edge of a glacier and form during glacial retreat. jökulsárlón lake is an example of this process.
also called jökulsárlón lagoon, this tidal inlet was excavated during the last glacial advance, which was about 26,500 years ago. because of the glacial retreat, the lagoon is expanding at about 0.5 square kilometers per year. by 2014, the lagoon covered about 25.4 square kilometers (9.8 square miles), about the size of block island, off the coast of rhode island.
jökulsárlón lagoon connects to the atlantic ocean by way of a 100-meter wide and 20-meter deep engineered channel. because it is connected to the ocean, tides affect the lagoon level. water flows in at high tides. its daily tidal range is about 2–3 meters. during summer, meltwater from the glacier increases, bringing freshwater into the lagoon, but this freshwater does not entirely flush the seawater out.
the bright specs in the landsat images are icebergs in the lagoon that broke off the end of the glacier. sailing among these icebergs is one of the most popular tourist attractions in iceland.
because 10 percent of earth’s land surface is covered by glaciers, monitoring changes to glaciers and proglacial lakes is important to predicting the impacts of glacial thinning and retreating. these studies help develop sustainable ways of living with anticipated changes.



jurong 
cities, coasts            
harbors, islands, land creation            
the symbol of the new singapore may be on the…            

1.3521
103.8198
 
singapore 
off            
3252            
the symbol of the new singapore may be on the island’s west end, the industrial new town of jurong. in 1962, the government began clearing the jungle and building docks by digging into the shore and by extending new land out into the sea. in the 1973 image, you can see cleared and filled expanses still lying bare and bright. by 1990, you can see jurong’s streets and plantings filling in as it spreads inland. there are obvious land extensions, and the harbor is now busy with ships.
much of jurong’s shipping has been oil; by the 1990s, only the gulf coast and rotterdam refined more. by the late 1960s, several plants were operating along the shore, and by 1973 you can see several more on the small islands offshore, squeezing out their forests and little fishing villages. by 1990, the islands are filled, and the oil companies have begun extending them. by 2000, the islands are gone, replaced by one large “chemical island” called jurong island, with its own new causeway to the mainland. further development of jurong island is evident in the 2009 image.
altogether, the government planned to increase singapore’s area by 25 percent between independence and “year x.” year x was commonly interpreted as 2030, but many developments have pushed ahead of schedule. it appears that this extraordinary nation’s future, like its newest land, is far from settled.



kalapana 
coasts, natural disasters            
eruption, island, lava, lava flow, laze, volcano            
the pu‘u ‘ō‘ō eruption took a destructive turn…            

19.388
-155.106
 
kīlauea, hawaii, usa 
off            
3166            
the pu‘u ‘ō‘ō eruption took a destructive turn in march 1990. breakouts from a lava tube spread lava into the kalapana community. images show the entire community, known for its historic sites and black sand beaches, being completely covered with lava. bright spots in the 1989 and 1991 images are active lava flows.
a church, store, and more than 100 homes were buried under 15–25 m of lava. the devastating event finally ended in late 1990 when a new lava tube diverted lava away from kalapana and back into hawai‘i volcanoes national park.



kalgoorlie, western australia 
mining            
airport, gold, open pit, ore, tailings ponds            
in a remote part of the western australia…            

-30.78
121.51
 
kalgoorlie, western australia 
on            
3348            
in a remote part of the western australia outback lies one of the world’s largest holes in the ground. known as the super pit, the fimiston open pit is part of what is known as the golden mile, where gold has been mined continuously since 1893. the mine sits right next to kalgoorlie-boulder, a city of about 33,000 located almost 600 kilometers from perth.
the first gold rush here occurred around 1890. the easy-to-reach gold is gone, but small pieces and flakes remain. work on the super pit began in 1989, and now at least 800,000 ounces of gold are dug out of the mine every year. according to the usgs minerals commodity summaries (2018), australia is the second largest gold producer in the world, after china.
getting at the gold requires removing large amounts of ore. hence, the gaping hole in the ground next to kalgoorlie. sparse vegetation surrounds kalgoorlie and the mine.
like much of western australia, the region surrounding kalgoorlie and the super pit experiences hot summers and cool winters. the water bodies seen in the images south of kalgoorlie and in the upper left are semi-dry salt lakes. on the eastern side of the super pit are the fimiston mill, where the ore is processed, waste dumps, and tailings ponds, which appear in the images as gray or white.



kara-bogaz-gol, turkmenistan 
dams, water            
lagoon, rivers, salt, saltwater, sea, sea level            
the kara-bogaz-gol (kbg) is a large, shallow…            

41.1795
53.0144
 
kara-bogaz-gol, turkmenistan 
on            
3355            
the kara-bogaz-gol (kbg) is a large, shallow lagoon of the caspian sea. it normally covers about 18,000 square kilometers and is just a few meters deep. the caspian sea is the largest inland body of water in the world, often categorized as a large salt lake. it is salty because rivers (especially the volga) flow into it, but none flow out. water leaves only through evaporation, and the dissolved salts remain.
the caspian is below sea level, and the kbg is 2–3 meters lower, so water flows from the caspian through a narrow strait into the kbg, where it evaporates. the kbg is far saltier than the caspian, and is one of the saltiest bodies of water in the world. its salinity is 300–350 parts per thousand, while the caspian’s is about 13 parts per thousand. (the ocean’s salinity averages about 35 parts per thousand.) since the kbg’s water flows in from the caspian, the caspian’s fluctuations affect the kbg.



katse dam 
dams, mountains, water            
hydropower, lakes, reservoirs, rivers            
the first part of the lhwp was the …            

-29.3497
28.2961
 
lesotho 
off            
3082            
the first part of the lhwp was the katse dam. construction started on the katse dam in 1991 on the malibamats’o river, a tributary of the orange (senqu) river. the dam was completed in 1997 and is 710 meters long and 185 meters high.
the deep lake formed by the dam can hold 2 billion cubic meters of water, but the winding and narrow reservoir has a surface area of only 35.8 square kilometers. this small surface area minimizes evaporation loss. the 1995 image, before the dam was completed, hints at the depth of the valleys that were later filled.
this reservoir is the key to the electricity needs of lesotho and the water needs of south africa. a 45-kilometer long tunnel brings water from the katse reservoir to the muela hydropower station, which can generate 72 megawatts of electricity. three turbines each generate 24 megawatts. an intake tower in the reservoir transfers water 82 kilometers from lesotho to south africa.



kazakhstan, north aral sea 
agriculture, dams, water            
declassified, fishing, lakes, rivers, saltwater, seas, water use            
while the entire aral sea is shrinking…            

45.016
58.99
 
aral sea, kazakhstan and uzbekistan 
off            
3194            
while the entire aral sea is shrinking dramatically, these images show that the northern portion of the sea, while clearly smaller than it was in 1964 and 1977, is not losing water at the same rate as the south aral. the north and south arals became separated sometime in the 1980s. the two had been joined by the berg strait. by the time of the 1987 image, this strait became more of a land bridge.
in the 1990s, a dam was built to prevent north aral water from flowing into the south aral. it was rebuilt in 2005 and named the kok-aral dam. it caused the north aral water level to be stabilized with a lower level of salinity. consequently, commercial fishing began to rebound.
throughout the 2000s, the north and south arals continued to develop as separate water bodies, and the south aral continues to experience more drastic changes than the north aral.




kbg water level 
dams, water            
lagoon, salt, saltwater, sea            
in 1980, the soviets dammed the caspian-kbg…            

41.1795
53.0144
 
kara-bogaz-gol, turkmenistan 
off            
3356            
in 1980, the soviets dammed the caspian-kbg strait. the soviets intended that some water would remain in the kbg, enough to keep the salt industry operating. it was believed that even without inflow from the caspian, the existing water might last up to 25 years.
but by november 1983, the kbg had entirely dried up. in the spring of 1992 after the soviet union broke up, president sapamurat niyazov of turkmenistan took a spade to the dam to symbolically begin its demolition. after the demolition of the dam, the kbg soon filled, and its level has remained stable.
in these images, you can see the difference in color between the caspian to the west and the kbg to the east. pure water absorbs light from the sun, but the kbg water has suspended solids (including precipitated salt) that reflect more light. the kbg is also shallow, so the bottom is reflecting some light back through the water. dry or shallowly covered salt beds appear white because they are highly reflective. also notice the general absence in these images of bright red, which would represent vegetation.



kīlauea, hawaii, usa 
coasts, natural disasters            
crater, eruption, fissure, island, lava, lava flow, laze, volcano            
in 2018, hawaii was in the news as fresh lava…            

19.388
-155.106
 
kīlauea, hawaii, usa 
on            
3164            
in 2018, hawaii was in the news as fresh lava covered 13.7 square miles (35.5 km2) at the eastern end of the big island. of course, lava flows in hawaii are nothing new. satellite imagery shows evidence of many lava flows from the past, appearing like dark curtains draped across the southern coast of the island.
the lava flows on this part of the island are from kīlauea, the youngest volcano on the island of hawai‘i. almost all of kīlauea’s surface is made up of rock that is less than 1,000 years old. it’s on the southeastern flank of mauna loa but has its own magma plumbing system, so it’s a separate volcano. this shield volcano is one of the world’s most active.



knife river delta, canada 
coasts, wildlife            
marsh, migration, prairie, tundra            
these images show devegetated shoreline along…            

59
-94.7317
 
knife river delta, canada 
on            
3357            
these images show devegetated shoreline along hudson bay in central canada, eaten bare by growing numbers of snow geese. in the landsat images, red signifies vegetation. hudson bay appears black in the upper-right of the images, and north of the knife river delta is a bright strip of land eaten bare by the geese.
these mid-continent snow geese live in coastal marshes along the gulf of mexico in winter and along hudson bay in summer. they spend almost all spring and fall migrating back and forth. their traditional winter diet is marsh hay cordgrass, saltgrass, bulrush, and other marsh plants. snow geese are not only grazers but also grubbers, digging up even the underground parts of plants with their strong bills.
in the spring, the snow geese fly north along well-defined paths through the prairies, stopping often to eat along the way. they linger on the prairies of the northern united states and southern canada until about early may, then fly nonstop across the northern forests to coastal areas around hudson bay and farther north.
once at the nesting ground, they start breeding. the northern summer is just long enough for goslings to hatch and learn to fly. female snow geese have strong homing habits, returning to the spot where they were raised and even using their previous nest sites. snow geese form large colonies of a few hundred to over 100,000 birds. nearby la perouse bay (marked on this map) has the best-known colony in the world, studied by scientists since 1968.
up in the tundra, summer is short and the soil is shallow and dry. nesting snow geese seek out the lusher "oases" in this arctic "desert," narrow productive strips of a few hundred yards along the bay and along some inland lakes. but even here food is sparse, since the geese leave just as the growing season is ending, with no time for the plants to recover before the next spring.
so even in a good summer, the females rely on stored energy in their bodies to produce and incubate their eggs. to produce a large clutch of eggs, they need to arrive at hudson bay fat and healthy. so traditionally, the amount of food available during winter and spring acted as one of the limits on the snow goose population.
european settlement brought good times for snow geese, as the louisiana-manitoba corridor became one long buffet line for them. by the mid-1900s degradation and draining of the gulf coast marshes pushed many snow geese inland, where they learned to feed on the stubble and seeds of wheat, corn, and especially rice fields. there were rice farmers in texas who suddenly went from having no geese to flocks of thousands in the late 1940s. as midwestern agriculture intensified, some birds stopped going to the coast, instead wintering as far north as iowa.
this southern "gravy train" improved the snow geese's winter survival rates and springtime weight gain. fatter, more numerous females then produced more goslings. the young flying south for the first time found more food along the way. flocks inevitably grew; in 25 years the mid-continent population increased from about 2 million to 5 million birds. the colony at la perouse bay grew from 2,000 nesting pairs in 1968 to 22,500 in 1990.



kok-aral dam 
agriculture, dams, water            
declassified, lakes, rivers, saltwater, seas            
the kok-aral dam was completed in 2005 to…            

45.016
58.99
 
aral sea, kazakhstan and uzbekistan 
off            
3195            
the kok-aral dam was completed in 2005 to control the water level of the north aral sea. this dam has prevented further decline of the north aral sea, and by 2011 it helped restore the water salinity level to the that of the 1960s (8 grams per liter).
a dam can be seen as early as the 1998 image. it’s the straight angled lines on the southernmost part of the north aral. this earthen dike was built in 1992 and later replaced by a concrete dam in 2005. at times, water from the north aral is allowed to flow southward into the south aral through the dam in the berg strait.



lake chad, west africa 
water, wetlands            
islands, lake, rain, river            
lake chad was once the sixth largest lake in…            

13.1
14.2800 
 
lake chad, west africa 
on            
3359            
lake chad was once the sixth largest lake in the world, but prolonged drought and increased water use have shrunk the lake dramatically. it now spans less than a tenth of the area it covered in the 1960s. back then, the lake covered about 25,000 square kilometers, an area the size of the u.s. state of vermont. now it’s smaller than rhode island.
the fluctuations in lake water levels have stabilized in recent years, but it is still a dynamic environment. social conflicts and insecurity in the region make it difficult to monitor water levels with ground-based measurements. satellite imaging has therefore been crucial to monitoring the changes to the lake, especially with the infrared bands on landsat sensors, which make it easier to distinguish water and vegetation.
these landsat images show the overall transition of lake chad from open water to wetland. the desert appears tan, wetlands are green, and open water is blue.
the black and white 1963 image is from the film-based argon reconnaissance satellite program, declassified in the 1990s.



lake gowd-e-zareh 
deserts, water, wetlands            
irrigation, lake, river, salt flats, saltwater            
water from the helmand river is used upstream…            

31.1296
61.382
 
lake hamoun, iran and afghanistan 
off            
3370            
water from the helmand river is used upstream for agriculture. the river turns west and flows across the border into iran and drains into the lake hamoun wetlands.
lake gowd-e-zareh, at the southern end of the sistan basin, is the lowest level of the basin and only receives runoff when the river overflows, every 10 years on average. it has no outlet—water is lost only via evaporation, so it is a hypersaline lake. temporary vegetation grows along the lake’s shore (shown as red in the 1998 and 2000 images) where the water from lake hamoun overspill is less salty.



lake hamoun, iran and afghanistan 
deserts, water, wetlands            
canal, drought, dust storms, irrigation, lake, reservoir, river, salt flats, saltwater, snow            
the sistan basin lies on the iran-afghanistan…            

31.1296
61.382
 
lake hamoun, iran and afghanistan 
on            
3367            
the sistan basin lies on the iran-afghanistan border. melted snow from the hindu kush mountains of afghanistan nourishes this dry basin. the helmand river carries the snowmelt across the margo desert and into the sistan basin, where the water pools into lake hamoun. sometimes anyway. lake hamoun is seasonal, and water is generally only present during the spring melt season.
surrounded by hundreds of kilometers of arid plains, the sistan basin is in one of the driest regions of the world, so the three shallow lakes that make up hamoun naturally expand and contract in the wet to dry seasons. these lakes and wetlands once supported great plant and animal diversity. but the combination of drought and water diversion for irrigation has caused lake hamoun to nearly disappear, along with the local bird and fish populations.



lake ketelmeer and the ijsseloog 
agriculture, coasts, water            
artificial islands, lake, land creation, land reclamation            
the narrow lake east of ijsselmeer is lake…            

52.6464
5.3998
 
ijsselmeer, netherlands 
off            
3341            
the narrow lake east of ijsselmeer is lake ketelmeer. the lake receives water from rivers that carry industrial pollutants from factories upstream. those polluted sediments have settled to the bottom in a thick layer of contaminated sludge. to restore a normal aquatic environment, this material needs to be removed from the lakebed.
in the middle of the lake, in the 2010 image, a circular feature appears. this artificial island is called the ijsseloog, a repository for contaminated material dredged from the bottom of the lake. once the repository is full, it will be capped and turned into a nature reserve.



lake las vegas 
cities, deserts, water            
construction, golf courses, lakes, population, rivers, urban growth, water use            
between 1986 and 1992, a lake appeared east of…            

36.2551
-115.2383
 
las vegas, nevada, usa 
off            
3063            
between 1986 and 1992, a lake appeared east of the city, along las vegas wash, a riparian area. this is lake las vegas, a privately owned lake that is part of a commercial residential resort. you can see that unlike lake mead, it is fringed with land that has been cleared for building. this appears as a bright halo in the 1992 landsat image. after 1992, golf courses and residential and resort buildings were built up along the shores of the southern portion of the lake.



lake levels rise 
dams, water            
algae blooms, flooding, floods, lakes, rivers            
a general trend of above average precipitation…            

48.0436
-98.8516
 
devils lake, north dakota, usa 
off            
3263            
a general trend of above average precipitation in the region has caused devils lake to rise rapidly over the last few decades. if the lake reaches 1,458 feet (444.4 meters) above mean sea level, it will naturally overflow into the sheyenne river, a tributary of the red river. the north dakota geological survey has determined that the lake has probably overflowed into the sheyenne river only twice in the last 4,000 years.
these landsat images clearly show the lake’s dramatic change. in 1993, the lake water level was 1,422.6 feet (433.6 meters) above mean sea level. the lake reached an all-time high of 1,454.4 feet (443.3 meters) above mean sea level in june 2011. in 1993, the lake covered about 44,000 acres (17,800 hectares)—it has expanded to over 211,000 acres (85,400 hectares).
even though it is still a few feet from its overflow level, the lake’s rapid rise is a great concern for residents of the region. if the lake does reach its overflow level, natural flooding could cause considerable damage downstream. the loss of farmland caused by the rising water has already been devastating to local farmers.
another concern is algae blooms. the 2018 images show blue-green algae discoloring the water. in a severe algae bloom, the water can resemble spilled green paint or green pea soup.



lake mead 
cities, deserts, water            
lakes, population, reservoirs, rivers, urban growth, water use            
how is las vegas getting enough water for its…            

36.2551
-115.2383
 
las vegas, nevada, usa 
off            
3064            
how is las vegas getting enough water for its expanding population? most of it comes from lake mead on the colorado river. the colorado river provides water for las vegas, as well as phoenix, los angeles, and san diego. as the populations of all of these cities continue to grow, water demand also increases. however, less snowpack in the mountains in recent years has reduced the river’s flow and thus the amount of water stored in the reservoir.
landsat images starting in 1972 show the changing water level of the lake. u.s. bureau of reclamation records show its highest level was in july 1983, when it was 1,225 feet above sea level. in july 2022, lake mead’s water level fell to 1,041 feet. the level hasn’t been this low since the lake began filling in the 1930s. in november 2024, the lake was reported to be 33% full.
the drop in lake level isn’t even as apparent as it might otherwise be because of the steep topography in the region. lake mead is inside a canyon environment, so the drastic reduction in lake level does not equate to as drastic of a reduction in surface area, even though the surface area reduction is quite noticeable.



lake naivasha, kenya 
agriculture, cities, water            
floriculture, flowers, greenhouses, hyacinth, lakes, rivers, roses            
how do those in northern winter climates get…            

-.7756
36.3556
 
lake naivasha, kenya 
on            
3378            
how do those in northern winter climates get roses to their loved ones in february for valentine’s day? the answer is to import them from warmer climates.
kenya offers the perfect climate for flowers year-round. its floriculture industry covers land near a shallow lake near the equator. lake naivasha is one of the few freshwater lakes in east africa. its depth varies from 2 to 8 meters, and the surface area as shown in the 2023 landsat image is about 150 square km.
direct rainfall on the lake and three rivers feed freshwater to the lake. the gilgil and malewa are perennial rivers, and karati is a seasonal river. the malewa contributes up to 90% of the water to the lake. the lake has no surface outlet—it is referred to as an endorheic lake. in most endorheic lakes, salts are left behind when the lake water evaporates. that is, the salts are not washed out through an outlet to another outgoing river. lake naivasha, however, maintains its freshwater status because the lake water seeps into the ground, taking the salts with it.
the wetland areas around the lake naivasha support not only the large flower industry but also fishing, tourism, and geothermal power. hundreds of millions of dollars’ worth of cut flowers are exported from kenya to europe and other countries. as of 2018, kenya has 38% of the european union’s market for cut flowers.
the region offers steady sunlight and days that vary very little in length. lake naivasha is not far from nairobi, kenya’s capital and largest city, about 90 km away. so transport is relatively easy. the nairobi airport has a terminal dedicated to transporting flowers and vegetables.
still, the industry has had challenges. in recent years, workers have been laid off because of lower demand and higher costs. the increase in agriculture has put pressure on the water resources of the area, affecting the water quality of the lake.



lake pleasant 
cities, deserts, water            
canals, freeways, golf courses, lakes, reservoirs, rivers, urban growth, water use            
as phoenix grows, the need for water rises.…            

33.4352
-112.0241
 
phoenix, arizona, usa 
off            
3058            
as phoenix grows, the need for water rises. the salt, verde, and gila rivers bring water from arizona’s mountains, but it’s not enough for millions of people. groundwater is pumped to the surface, but this withdrawal lowers the water table, so it’s not the best answer.
phoenix looked elsewhere to supplement its water supply and established the central arizona project (cap). completed in the early 1990s, this system of canals, pumps, and tunnels brings colorado river water along 336 miles of canals to phoenix and tucson.
part of the cap is an expansion of the waddell dam that forms lake pleasant on the agua fria river. the new waddell dam was completed in 1994, and it increased the size of lake pleasant, which is evident in these images. construction of the new dam can be seen in the 1991 image. 
lake pleasant water is only partly from the agua fria river. the lake also receives water from the colorado river, over 100 miles away. a canal, which can be seen in the 1991 image, pumps water uphill from the canal to the lake in winter. during summer, when electricity and water demand is high, water is released through a hydroelectric power plant.
one drawback to this impressive engineering feat is that arizona must share colorado river water with los angeles and san diego, california; las vegas, nevada; and the irrigated fields of the imperial valley. recent drought in the western united states has meant less water to go around for these large cities.
meanwhile, urban growth continues to expand north of phoenix closer to lake pleasant. in the 2011 and 2023 images, this growth is evident, including construction of a new freeway (the bright curvy line). can you find where the new golf courses were built?



lake powell, utah and arizona, usa 
dams, water            
drought, hydropower, lakes, marinas, reservoirs, rivers, water use            
glen canyon dam on the colorado river was…            

36.9378
-111.4841
 
lake powell, utah and arizona, usa 
on            
3381            
glen canyon dam on the colorado river was completed in 1963. it created lake powell, which ebbs and flows depending on upstream precipitation. lately, it’s been more ebb.
glen canyon national recreation area encompasses lake powell and is visited by more than 2 million people per year.
since 2000, the colorado river basin has been in an extended drought. during the period 2000–2018, the inflow of water into lake powell was above average in only 4 years. as a result, lake powell was at less than half capacity in january 2019—and 38% full in november 2024.
droughts combined with a rising population means water sustainability will only become more of a challenge. in addition, hydropower capacity at glen canyon dam could be reduced. severe droughts are a regular part of the climate variability in this region; however, droughts are expected to become more severe in the future.




lake thompson, south dakota, usa 
agriculture, water, wildlife            
flooding, lakes, prairie potholes, rivers            
many lakes in eastern south dakota have…            

44.2623
-97.455
 
lake thompson, south dakota, usa 
on            
3400            
many lakes in eastern south dakota have expanded during the landsat record that began in 1972. lake thompson is one that has displayed remarkable change in recent decades.
this part of south dakota is in what is known as the prairie pothole region (ppr). numerous depressions in the land were left behind there after the most recent glacial retreat. these depressions are termed potholes and collect rainfall and snowmelt to form wetlands and ponds of varying size.
a wet period in the 1980s and several years in the 1990s resulted in dramatic filling of lake thompson, located about 50 kilometers west of brookings, sd, along with other nearby lakes and sloughs. lake thompson is now south dakota’s largest natural lake.



lake turkana, kenya and ethiopia 
dams, water            
delta, lakes, rivers            
lake turkana, formerly lake rudolf, lies in…            

3.6268
36.0023
 
lake turkana, kenya and ethiopia 
on            
3387            
lake turkana, formerly lake rudolf, lies in the rift valley of east africa. it is about 250 km long and 15–30 km wide, with an average depth of about 30 m. lake turkana is one of the largest desert lakes in the world, and it lies in a closed basin in northwestern kenya and southwestern ethiopia. these images show the delta of the omo river, which provides more than 80% of the water to the lake. the lake has no outlet and lies in an arid area.
ethiopia is constructing a series of dams on the omo river. the gibe i and gibe ii dams are completed, and the gibe iii dam began filling its reservoir in 2015. studies are ongoing to understand the interactions between regulated flows as a result of the dams and rainfall on the water levels of lake turkana. scientists use many years’ worth of data to get a better understanding of the lake’s natural variability and how that variability might be affected by dams, irrigation, and rainfall.



lake urmia, iran 
agriculture, deserts, water, wetlands            
irrigation, lakes, rivers, saltwater, water use            
lake urmia in iran is another closed basin…            

37.5653
45.449
 
lake urmia, iran 
on            
3362            
lake urmia in iran is another closed basin lake that has been shrinking. continuous declines in water flowing into the lake have caused a general decline in its surface area since 1995.
water only enters lake urmia via rainfall and runoff from rivers flowing into it. as a closed basin lake, its water levels fluctuate with changes in rainfall. once water reaches the lake, it only leaves via evaporation. when the water that flows into the lake is diverted for human uses, those dynamics are prone to big changes.
the lake’s southern basin is shallower than its northern basin, so recent images show the water disappearing from the southern basin first. these landsat images use the shortwave-infrared, near-infrared, and green wavelengths of light. because water absorbs infrared light, water (dark blue to black) contrasts with the surrounding land areas. as the water becomes shallower, light is reflected off of the lakebed in shades of light blue. lighter blue and bright areas immediately surrounding the lake are where the receding shoreline has exposed the lake bottom.
data from the usda foreign agricultural service shows a downward trend since the mid-1990s. however, a fresh pulse of water from rains during fall 2018 and spring 2019, along with seasonal snowmelt, increased lake levels. this increase isn’t only evident in the graph data. the 2019 landsat image shows a rebound in water levels over 2018. the basin remained mostly filled as recently as 2019. the 2023 image shows that drought returned, bringing water levels down again.



land change 
cities, mining            
drilling, oil, oil platforms, well pads            
thousands of well pads are scattered across…            

48.1696
-103.3259
 
bakken oil boom, north dakota, usa 
off            
3210            
thousands of well pads are scattered across northwestern north dakota. this series of images shows an example of a location with several of them. these rectangular shaped areas of land cover 4–7 acres each. the small bright shapes in the images are much smaller than agricultural fields. cropland is larger blocks of land in varying shades of green or tan.
the parcel of land dedicated to oil pumping is cleared for setting up drilling equipment. once drilling is completed at a location, it can then pump oil. each pad seen in the images is a well pad with either drilling or pumping in progress.
in the entire williston basin, 12,990 hectares of land have been converted to well pads. the previous land cover of this area was almost entirely agriculture and prairie.



land cover maps 
cities, deserts, water            
impervious surface, land cover maps, population, urban growth            
the images displayed in this section show a…            

36.2551
-115.2383
 
las vegas, nevada, usa 
off            
3065            
the images displayed in this section show a different way of looking at change over time. these images are part of the national land cover database (nlcd), generated and distributed by the usgs eros center and a group of federal agencies called the multi-resolution land characteristics (mrlc) consortium.
nlcd portrays land cover change spatially as a comprehensive “wall-to-wall” 30-meter resolution database. its national coverage supports many different applications: fire, urban development, insect damage, mining, best practices in land management, and more.
the annual nlcd products are available for the conterminous u.s. each year from 1985 to 2023. the legend shows which colors correspond to the different types of land cover. for example, red indicates impervious surface. this means developed, or built-up, land. pink is less intensively developed urban areas, and darker red is more intensively developed. urban land shows the most obvious change seen in these nlcd maps of las vegas.
the dominant land cover surrounding las vegas is “shrub/scrub,” which is shown as tan. these areas are dominated by shrubs less than 5 meters tall.




land leveling 
cities            
land leveling, urban growth            
shiyan, china, was a small village in the…            

32.625
110.814
 
shiyan, china 
off            
3319            
shiyan, china, was a small village in the mountains until the 1960s. that’s when a lot of industrial production was established there in its relatively safe mountainous regions. however, because of the mountainous terrain, shiyan did not have enough land to offer for expansion. so the industry moved away in 2003. to prevent that from happening again, the city began planning to create new land for development in 2007.
shiyan is now a famous production base for automobiles. dongfeng motor is headquartered in shiyan. other major industries in shiyan include pharmaceuticals, textiles, and chemicals. shiyan is also one of the central tourist centers in the northwest of hubei province.
to create this new land for building, they are leveling mountaintops and filling in valleys. explosives level the hills, and fleets of trucks haul away the soil. this rock and soil is then used to fill in the valleys.
this additional land that can be developed can ease pressure on land that is valuable for agriculture elsewhere. it creates land for cities to expand where they could not do so previously. most of the new land is for warehouses and industry. a small amount is for housing.
the bright spots in the images show the leveled and cleared land. these areas are then quickly replaced by industrial centers.



landsat’s accuracy 
agriculture, deserts            
calibration            
the sharq el owainat airport is visible on the…            

22.57
28.52 
 
sharq el owainat, egypt 
off            
3098            
the sharq el owainat airport is visible on the right side of these images. the runway appears in the 1997 image.
landsat’s accuracy is key to other systems as well. satellite sensors launched by other countries, cubesats launched by private companies, and sensors on nasa earth-observing satellites benefit from the accurate landsat calibration.
calibration work may seem esoteric, but it makes the science application work possible. the work that solves problems couldn’t be done without the accuracy of the data. landsat images are simply pretty pictures—until we calibrate them; then they become accurate datasets.



landsat’s return beam vidicon 
glaciers, mountains            
film, ice, resolution, sensors, snow            
a sensor on the early landsats had a name…            

39.7082
44.2913
 
landsat’s return beam vidicon 
on            
3404            
a sensor on the early landsats had a name worthy of some star trek gadget. originally landsat’s primary sensor, the return beam vidicon (rbv) flew on the first three landsats.
a sample rbv image shows the northwestern coast of madagascar. the black-and-white image from 1981 has higher resolution than the multispectral scanner (mss) on board the early landsats. so what happened to these rbv images, and are they useful today?
 
what’s a vidicon?
a vidicon is a television camera tube that formed an image by focusing light onto a photoconductive faceplate. an electron beam scanned the faceplate, detecting light intensity for each scan line. the beam then bounced back by an electrically charged area. the resulting picture was made up of about 5,000 separate scan lines (compared to 525 for a traditional television picture).



las vegas, nevada, usa 
cities, deserts, water            
airport, construction, golf courses, highways, impervious surface, lakes, land cover maps, population, rivers, suburb, urban growth, water use            
las vegas, nevada, is one of the fastest…            

36.2551
-115.2383
 
las vegas, nevada, usa 
on            
3059            
las vegas, nevada, is one of the fastest growing metropolitan areas in the united states. las vegas grew from a population of 1,375,765 in 2000 to 1,951,269 in 2010, a 41.8% increase, third highest in the country for that decade. the increase from 2010 to 2023 was almost 20%.
these images show the rapid growth of the city. the tip of lake mead is visible east of the city (dark area), where hoover dam impounds the colorado river.
population growth of the las vegas metropolitan area




lawrenceville and vincennes 
natural disasters, water            
flooding, rain, rivers, weather            
in this area at near lawrenceville, illinois,…            

38.4375
-87.7118
 
illinois/indiana, usa 
off            
3135            
in this area at near lawrenceville, illinois, and vincennes, indiana, some fields are green, some are maroon, and others are pink. why are these fields different colors?
in this band combination, bright green is healthy vegetation, so the crops are growing well in those fields. some fields have a faint green color; crops are growing in those fields, but they are younger than the crops in the bright green fields. the pink and maroon fields are bare soil, probably planted but there is no growth yet. the bright pink fields have slightly less moisture in the soil. in the post-flood image, some of these fields near the river that were flooded are dark pink, indicating they still contain moisture.



lesotho 
dams, mountains, water            
drought, hydropower, lakes, reservoirs, rivers            
south africa needed water. lesotho needed…            

-29.3497
28.2961
 
lesotho 
on            
3081            
south africa needed water. lesotho needed electricity. one huge project aims to solve both problems.
lesotho is a small mountainous country completely surrounded by south africa. a little smaller than the u.s. state of maryland, lesotho’s most important natural resource is clean water, dubbed “white gold.” lesotho’s highlands receive about 1,200 millimeters of rainfall annually and are the main headwaters for the orange (senqu) river system. most of that water leaves lesotho, flowing east to west across south africa, where the river empties into the atlantic ocean.
measured by per capita gross domestic product (gdp), lesotho is a relatively poor country, falling in the bottom 20 percent of countries. south africa is one of the wealthier countries in africa but has been experiencing water shortages. its industrial heartland includes the large city of johannesburg, over 300 kilometers to the north and outside of the landsat scenes displayed here. recurring drought and increasing demand for water have put additional pressure on water resources there.
two dams have been completed on tributaries of the orange (senqu) river as part of the lesotho highlands water project (lhwp), which harnesses lesotho’s water and exports it to south africa. before this project, lesotho was dependent upon south africa for electricity. lesotho can now generate electricity from the dams. additionally, hundreds of kilometers of roads were built or upgraded in lesotho’s mountainous landscape, cutting down on travel time, in some cases by days.
not all of the reviews of this project have been positive. some studies have reported there may not have been enough foresight of the stress on water resources that drought and climate change could be causing. furthermore, reduced river flows could affect communities that rely on the river for livelihoods, and some say this impact was not well understood before the project began. besides these possible environmental consequences, many communities claim that they did not receive promised compensation for relocation.



limestone mining 
agriculture, cities, mining, water, wetlands            
canals, hydrology, lakes, levees, limestone quarries, national park, population, rivers            
the everglades sit on top of a bedrock of…            

25.95
-80.65
 
the everglades and miami, florida, usa 
off            
3441            
the everglades sit on top of a bedrock of limestone. limestone quarries, the dark rectangular shapes just west of the urban areas, provide about half of the rock used in florida’s construction.
in this part of florida, groundwater is very near the surface. so as the rock is mined, the quarry pits fill with water. these lakes range from 30 to 50 feet deep and cover a total of about 4,900 acres. because of these artificial lakes, the region earned the name “the lake belt.” these rectangular water bodies expand and change shape over time in the image series.
near the top center to the left of the highway, some of the areas that started out as mines turned into developed, with that desirable waterfront incorporated into the residential areas.
the prominent diagonal line running from the upper left to the lower right is the miami canal, which flows from lake okeechobee and into the miami river near the airport. the river then flows through downtown miami and into biscayne bay.
on the far left of these images is a vertical line that marks the boundary of the francis s. taylor wildlife management area. between that and the limestone pits is the pennsuco wetlands, part of the east coast buffer project, designed to act as a zone of protection between the everglades and the urban centers further east. water can be captured, stored, and released when it benefits both the urban communities and the ecosystem. higher water levels in the everglades then have less chance to impact the populated areas.



lisan peninsula 
water            
evaporation, evaporation ponds, salt, salt pan, salt ponds, saltwater, sea, water use            
the prominent land feature that separates the…            

31.4089
35.4809
 
dead sea, israel, jordan, west bank 
off            
3119            
the prominent land feature that separates the northern and southern basins is the lisan peninsula. (lisan means “tongue” in arabic.) the geologic name for this structure is diapir, a mass of low density material that has pushed upward.
on march 22, 2000, the northern part of a salt pan on the lisan peninsula collapsed 2 months after it was completed. the february 15, 2000, image shows water in this pan, but in the october 28, 2000, and later images, the water is drained out. about 56 million cubic meters of brine went back into the dead sea when the dike collapsed.
as the dead sea level declines, the land that becomes exposed is unstable. future land feature changes similar to the salt pan collapse on the lisan peninsula may accompany the decreased water levels and exposure of additional unstable land.



logging in oregon, usa 
forests            
clearcuts, forestry, logging, reforestation            
every year, it takes one tree, 16 inches in…            

43.2259
-123.6700
 
logging in oregon, usa 
on            
3413            
every year, it takes one tree, 16 inches in trunk diameter and 100 feet tall, to meet every american’s need for paper, packaging, and lumber products. if that tree was harvested in oregon, it was logged using strict environmental protections.
in oregon, the goal is sustainable forestry. the logging industry there works to meet current societal needs for forestry products while ensuring that future generations will be able to enjoy the same benefits from abundant forest resources that we do today. much of oregon has been heavily logged in the past, but in western oregon, where these landsat images are focused, nearly 1 million acres of intact, old growth forests remain. and almost all land in oregon that is logged is reforested.
one reason for the goal of sustainable forestry in oregon is the northwest forest plan, adopted in 1994, which resulted in a decline in forest harvesting on federal lands. after the plan was implemented, harvesting rates became longer to accommodate regrowth, and more partial cuts were used instead of clearcuts. the plan also works to protect old growth forest while maintaining sustainable logging.
a multi-image time-series from landsat can create “regrowth trajectories.” the 30-m resolution from landsat is enough detail to see the harvest rotation cycle. douglas fir in western oregon can regrow to a closed canopy stage in 15–20 years, so the time frame of the landsat record can show just over one harvest rotation cycle.
even from one year to the next, there is change. for example, look closely at the recent images. can you find new cleared areas in the green forest land?



lomas de aparicio 
forests, wildlife            
migration, monarch butterflies            
these close-up images show a portion of the…            

19.516
-100.20674
 
monarch butterflies, mexico 
off            
3445            
these close-up images show a portion of the reserve. the red spots in the global forest map indicate forest loss. the area in the center of the image is in a location called lomas de aparicio, which is within the core zone of the reserve. the forest loss here has been identified as large-scale logging activity by vidal and others (2013) and by google earth imagery from 2004 and 2013.
all of these images clearly demonstrate that the forest was heavily impacted between 2004 and 2013. it is unlikely monarchs will form overwintering colonies at the lomas de aparicio site in future years. if they do, they will face much greater environmental risks during their overwintering stay.
even though the monarchs use only a small portion of this oyamel forest habitat, they depend on the entire dense forest structure. the forest canopy acts as a blanket and keeps them warmer and captures moisture that they need for their survival. a fragmented forest will not do this.



losing forest fast 
agriculture, deforestation, forests            
island, spiny thicket            
looking at a more specific region within these…            

-24.6962
44.3012
 
madagascar 
off            
3420            
looking at a more specific region within these images makes it clear that that the spiny thicket seems to be disappearing fast. since 1990, this ecoregion has had the highest deforestation rate in the country.
agriculture in this region is done by slash-and-burn. the fields are cleared by burning, then planted.
the forest is also used for charcoal production. most households use charcoal to cook their daily meals. even though this is less destructive than slash-and-burn, charcoal production causes the degradation of vast areas of the spiny thicket. even when the spiny thicket regenerates, it does so as cactus scrub.
landsat is uniquely suited to monitoring these types of land changes over large areas. forests once covered madagascar, but forest cover has been reduced to less than one-fourth of the island’s original extent. information gathered by landsat can help improve management of remaining resources.



madagascar 
agriculture, deforestation, forests            
island, spiny thicket            
madagascar, the world’s fourth largest island…            

-24.6962
44.3012
 
madagascar 
on            
3418            
madagascar, the world’s fourth largest island, is located off the southeastern coast of africa in the indian ocean. because it is isolated from neighboring continents, almost all of its plant and animal species are found nowhere else on earth.
in southwestern madagascar, plants have adapted to a dry desert-like climate. these unique plants are so peculiar they cannot be classified into common classes like desert or forest. many species there have small leaves and spines and can retain water very well—characteristics of succulents that are typical in deserts. they also have tall trunks, appearing more like trees. so the vegetation in this region often is named madagascar spiny thicket.
this ecoregion, which extends across southern and southwestern madagascar, has a long dry season. most of the rain falls from october to april, but rainfall amounts can be erratic. the plants’ unusual adaptations allow them to survive the long dry periods. but this ecoregion is experiencing rapid deforestation, which is evident in this landsat series.



mamoré river, bolivia 
water            
cutoffs, erosion, floodplains, lakes, oxbow lakes, rivers, sediment            
in the amazon basin, some rivers run wild.…            

-14.9236
-64.9855
 
mamoré river, bolivia 
on            
3421            
in the amazon basin, some rivers run wild. with no dams or levees to control them, they are free to meander—some more than others.
for example, the rio mamoré, which flows north across bolivia, is one such wanderer. it flows from the andes mountains and across the bolivian lowlands into brazil. watching this river meander in landsat images over the past few decades shows us how much a river can meander under natural conditions. the mamoré has a large sediment load, so it meanders more than most.
these meandering river dynamics are important for maintaining a healthy habitat. the floodplains here depend on the river migration to maintain the wetland habitats.
the growing city of trinidad, with a population of over 100,000, can be seen in the upper right of these images, just east of the river.



manama 
cities, coasts, deserts            
airport, artificial islands, islands, land creation, land reclamation, population, port, urban growth            
bahrain’s capital is manama, a city with an…            

26.0195
50.5535
 
bahrain 
off            
3207            
bahrain’s capital is manama, a city with an estimated population of 1,480,000 in 2017, up 1,567% from 88,785 in 1971. expansion into the desert and onto artificial islands is evident in this series of landsat images.
the amount of vegetation (green) clearly increases in the past few decades. the added vegetation is mostly agricultural or in heavily landscaped areas. near the bottom of the image, the addition of a golf course is seen in 2001, which is expanded by 2015. to the left of that is a road that has been lined with vegetation by 2015.
the bahrain international airport, with its 3,418-meter runway, is prominent in the upper right corner of the image. other notable industry in manama is the addition and expansion of the arab shipbuilding and repair yard, which has 15 ship repair berths, and khalifa bin salman port, which opened in 2009 as a major regional distribution center. both the shipyard and port are on reclaimed land east of manama.



mangrove benefits 
coasts, deforestation, forests            
alluvial, carbon, delta, flooding, floodplain, mangrove, salt water            
mangroves are sturdy species. they can recover…            

15.86
95
 
ayeyarwady delta, myanmar 
off            
3126            
mangroves are sturdy species. they can recover from storm disturbances relatively quickly. they can tolerate salt water, saturated soil, high wind, and storms. but they are a threatened ecosystem because of overexploitation of its resources.
mangrove forests appear bright green in the landsat images. their degradation is evident in the reduction of the green color throughout the series. one island remains bright green amid the deforestation. that’s the meinmahla kyun wildlife sanctuary, which was established in 1986.
mangroves offer a multitude of benefits, both for the environment and for people. as guardians of the shoreline, mangroves reduce the impacts from storms and tsunamis. their dense and partially submerged root system protects inland areas from erosion and flooding.
food security is closely linked to a healthy mangrove ecosystem. a mangrove delta is a nursing ground for aquatic species, which provide food for local communities. besides providing fuel wood and building material for people, mangroves also purify the water.
mangrove ecosystems have a global benefit, too. worldwide, mangroves sequester an estimated 22.8 to 25.5 million metric tons of carbon each year. a mangrove region as extensive as the ayeyarwady delta is well worth monitoring.



mapanuepe lake 
mountains, natural disasters            
ash, caldera, eruption, lahar, lakes, mud, mudflows, pyroclastic flows, rivers, runoff, sediment, volcanoes, weather            
the lahars produced by pinatubo’s eruption…            

15.14
120.35
 
mount pinatubo, philippines 
off            
3481            
the lahars produced by pinatubo’s eruption blocked the flow of the mapanuepe river and created a new lake, named mapanuepe lake. the formation of the lake flooded the small towns of aglao, buhawen, and pili. breakout lahars continued to be a threat in the years after the lake formed, but artificial channels help to stabilize the lake’s water level.
in the series of images that accompany this section, pinatubo’s summit crater is in the upper right corner. in the 1989 image, the maroon colors indicated moisture in the soils southwest of pinatubo’s summit. after the eruption, the bright gray or pink colors streaming from the summit are sediment-laden lahars in the marella river, which flows into the santo tomas river valley. the lahars effectively widened this river plain, and the sediment persists, indicated by the shades of pink. the brighter mottled white and gray in the upper left of the image after the eruption gradually returned to forested green tones.
mapanuepe lake is the dark shape in the lower right. southeast of the lake is the copper and gold dizon mines. cleared land for the mining activity appears in pink shades in the midst of the green forested areas. the small dark shape is water at the bottom of the mine’s main open pit.
again, a few aster images in this series help fill in some gaps where landsat imagery was cloudy. the complementary imagery of the changes over time to these valleys help scientists understand more fully the trajectories of the changes.



maui, hawaii, usa 
agriculture, fires            
islands, sugar cane, volcanoes            
maui, the second largest hawaiian island, is…            

20.8314
-156.4238
 
maui, hawaii, usa 
on            
3476            
maui, the second largest hawaiian island, is made up of two dormant volcanoes, west maui mountain and haleakala. between those peaks lies maui’s central plains, which for decades were dominated by sugar cane fields.
the sugar industry in hawaii dates to 1835 with the establishment of sugar plantations. sugar cane was a major crop and economic contributor for hawaii through the 20th century.
when the island’s last large cane mill closed in 2016, 41,000 acres of cane fields began changing to nonnative grasses, which are susceptible to fire.
landsat is tracking this shift—through the sporadic cloud cover in the tropical paradise—from the bright green shapes that dominated the central plain of the island to the grasses that took over. dry grasses appear as a brown swath, but the grass greens up in winter, as seen in the january 2022 image. the green grasses are a different shade and pattern than when the land supported sugar cane.



mélange 
glaciers, water            
calving, ice, icebergs, mélange, moraine, terminus, tidewater glacier            
landsat images show chunks of ice floating on…            

61.0776
-147.0735
 
columbia glacier, alaska, usa 
off            
3244            
landsat images show chunks of ice floating on the surface of the water as columbia glacier retreats. these icebergs have broken off, or calved, from the front edge of the glacier. this conglomerate of floating ice and chunks of icebergs is known as an ice mélange, which can slow the rate that glaciers slip into the sea.
the ice mélange looks less defined in the images than the glacier itself, which usually has some smooth-looking longitudinal lines. the mélange appears more mottled, and in some images there is very little of it at all (like in 2006). so don’t confuse ice mélange with the end of the glacier.
columbia’s terminal moraine is still evident long after the end of the glacier retreated far upstream and serves as a marker for the maximum advance of the glacier. a terminal moraine is the accumulated mass of sediment, rocks, and debris that the glacier deposits at the terminus. the moraine at this historical terminus prevents the mélange from drifting beyond it.
view an animation showing more landsat images of columbia glacier.



mesabi range, minnesota, usa 
mining            
aerial photos, iron ore, lakes, open pit, pit lakes, tailings ponds            
the boom times of iron ore mining in northern…            

47.5372
-92.6477
 
mesabi range, minnesota, usa 
on            
3430            
the boom times of iron ore mining in northern minnesota are long gone, but mining operations continue and are even expanding, as seen in these landsat images.
the mesabi range, which stretches 80–100 miles from grand rapids to babbitt, contributed about 60% of the total iron ore output in the united states throughout most of the 20th century. the soft ore was close to the surface, and it could be scooped from open-pit mines and shipped by rail to lake superior and eventually to steel mills.
iron ore production peaked in the 1940s when more than 600,000 tons were shipped during world war ii. production remained high in the postwar years and then declined. the high-grade ore was soon nearly depleted. mining activity on the mesabi range now involves digging out lower grade ore for processing.
the iron ore open-pit mines on the range are among the biggest in the world. but the footprints of the mines’ tailings ponds are even bigger. both are readily visible in these landsat images.



mesopotamian marshes, iraq 
water, wetlands            
canals, irrigation, marshes, oil, rivers, water use            
fifty years of observing the earth means…            

31.17
47.35
 
mesopotamian marshes, iraq 
on            
3496            
fifty years of observing the earth means landsat has witnessed many land surface changes. a few of those changes are shocking in their sheer scale and swiftness.
a vast wetland in southern iraq has been decimated in recent decades by a variety of factors—all documented by the consistent and objective data from landsat satellites.
imagery from landsat’s first few weeks of operation in summer 1972 shows the mesopotamian marshes at nearly their maximum extent. over time, landsat shows the marshes diminish, dry up, and then partially recover.
the mesopotamian marshes are divided into three areas: al hammar, central, and al hawizeh.




mille lacs lake, minnesota, usa 
water            
fishing, ice, ice fishing, ice road, lakes            
what looks from above like a temporary…            

46.23
-93.64
 
mille lacs lake, minnesota, usa 
on            
3506            
what looks from above like a temporary geoglyph on the ice or a series of abstract etch a sketch doodles are ice roads on mille lacs lake in central minnesota. the ice roads provide a way for ice fishers to get to their ice shacks on the frozen lake. some roads extend for a few miles.
even though landsat is famous for its 50-year record of global land change, its observations can show us how temporary villages and ice roads change over time on a large frozen lake.
the winter of 2023-24 was uncommonly warm in minnesota and brought lower than average snowfall. and the landsat imagery shows it. the 2024 images show a stark difference to the other images. 

 



mine tailings 
deserts, mining            
copper, tailings            
the open-pit copper mine in chile's northern…            

-24.2713
-69.0707
 
escondida mine, chile 
off            
3287            
the open-pit copper mine in chile's northern atacama desert has a tailings impoundment to conserve water and minimize environmental impacts. landsat images show the expanded impoundment. the tailings material is left over after the majority of the valuable metals have been removed from the ore.
this copper-bearing waste is poured into the impoundment area as a liquid (dark region at the bottom of the 2011 and later images); it dries to the lighter-toned spoil seen in the images. the spoil is held behind a retaining dam, just more than 1 kilometer long, visible in the 2011 and later images as a straight line on the northwest corner of the pond.



mining 
mining            
copper, open pit, ore, tailings, waste            
as part of the mining, huge amounts of…            

-22.298
-68.905
 
chuquicamata mine, chile 
off            
3085            
as part of the mining, huge amounts of material are dug up and removed. the ore is crushed within the pit, and conveyors bring the ore to the mill.
new pits open up as the time series of landsat images progresses. landsat shows not only the expansion of the mining pits but also the extent of the material piled up alongside the pits.
the shifting shape of gray and blue on the right is the talabre tailings impoundment. the talabre is a natural depression, and the tailings, the materials left over after the ore is extracted, are dumped into several basins. the basins are separated with dikes, and the impoundment is bordered by dams, all made with dry tailings.
an underground mining operation is now underway. testing indicates that 2.3 billion tons of copper ore lie below the open pit. underground mining began operations in 2019.



mining operations 
forests, mining, natural disasters            
bitumen, boreal forest, oil, oil sands, open pits, overburden, tailings ponds            
landsat satellite imagery shows the oil sands…            

56.978
-111.46
 
athabasca oil sands, alberta, canada 
off            
3202            
landsat satellite imagery shows the oil sands region of northwestern alberta, canada, expanding over the last three decades.
getting oil from oil sands is fairly straight-forward. but that doesn’t mean it’s easy.
near fort mcmurray, the oil sands are less than 75 meters (246 feet) from the surface, close enough for surface mining.
surface mining techniques require the forest to be cleared. the soil and rock above the oil sand (overburden in mining jargon) is then removed. this creates the maroon or gray irregularly shaped open pit mines seen in the landsat images. the open pits are created in a series of benches, or steps, that are 12–15 meters (39–49 feet) high. huge hydraulic power shovels dig the oil sand and drop it into trucks that have a capacity of up to 363 metric tons (400 tons). the trucks haul the oil sand to a facility that separates the oil and sand.
the oil sand mixes with hot water to form a slurry. in this slurry, the sand settles to the bottom, clay and water sit in the middle, and the bitumen floats on the top. the bitumen is skimmed off the surface and the rest gets pumped to tailings ponds, also visible as the large blue shapes in landsat images, often outlined in tan.



mining operations 
mining, mountains            
coal, groundwater, mountaintop removal, overburden, reclamation, valleys            
appalachian coal lies underground in thin…            

38.07
-81.94
 
mountaintop mining, west virginia, usa 
off            
3450            
appalachian coal lies underground in thin seams, too thin for underground mine shafts. the only way to extract the coal profitably is with surface mining.
surface mining involves the removal of soil and rock (overburden in mining terminology) with explosives and heavy machinery to get at the coal. as much as 200–300 meters of overburden is removed. the removed material, also called mine spoils, is used to reconstruct the area after mining operations are done. the removed material takes up more volume and cannot simply be replaced (try digging a hole in your backyard and filling it back in and you’ll discover how this works).
the “excess spoils” must be dumped elsewhere. in appalachian mountaintop mining, the excess is deposited into valleys. these valley fills are usually located next to—often downstream from—surface mines, burying headwater streams completely. the groundwater and surface waters from the mine often flow through these valley fills before discharging into streams.
disturbed land is pink in these close-up images of a large mine about 20 miles southwest of charleston, west virginia. the natural color image from sentinel-2 shows more detail in the same area. active mining is bright in this sentinel-2 image, and lighter green shades show some reclaimed land.



missing mangroves 
coasts, deforestation, forests            
mangrove            
scientists have been tracking the distribution…            

15.86
95
 
ayeyarwady delta, myanmar 
off            
3127            
scientists have been tracking the distribution of the mangrove forests in the ayeyarwady delta using satellite observations dating back to the 1970s. the change map shows when and where mangrove loss occurred. green indicates current mangrove forest as of 2005. however, red dominates the map, which means that much of the mangrove loss occurred during the 1990s.
 




mohale dam 
dams, water            
hydropower, lakes, reservoirs, rivers            
unlike the katse dam, the …            

-29.3497  
28.2961
 
lesotho 
off            
3083            
unlike the katse dam, the mohale dam does not generate power. instead, it was built as a backup reserve to the katse dam and reservoir. the dam was built on the senqunyane river, another tributary of the senqu/orange river. the mohale reservoir began filling by the time of the 2003 image.
the mohale dam is 145 meters high and 620 meters long. it is the highest concrete-faced rock-filled dam in africa. a large basalt hill inside the basin had to be crushed to build the rock wall. the dam then formed the 21.2-square-kilometer mohale reservoir. a 32-kilometer tunnel brings water from the mohale reservoir to the katse reservoir.
before these two dams were constructed, lesotho had to depend on south africa. the country has now attained self-sufficiency in electric power generation. future phases of the lhwp include construction of more dams, tunnels, and hydropower stations.



monarch butterflies, mexico 
forests, wildlife            
migration, milkweed, monarch butterflies, ndvi, oyamel            
the patches of red in these false-color…            

19.516
-100.2067
 
monarch butterflies, mexico 
on            
3442            
the patches of red in these false-color landsat images are the forests where monarch butterflies spend the winter. starting in late summer and fall, monarchs in the united states and canada migrate south to mexico.  some travel up to 3,000 miles. the delicate insects are capable of flying 50–100 miles a day.
cold weather drives the monarchs to head south to hibernate for the winter. they head for the only habitat suitable for their hibernation, oyamel fir (abies religiosa) forests. these forests grow in only small areas of mountain tops in central mexico, about 3,000 m above sea level. the monarchs usually cover whole trees as they keep each other warm. the short needles of the oyamel fir allow the butterflies to cluster together better than they could on flat-needled cedars or long-needled pines.
the oyamel forests provide a microclimate for the butterflies. temperatures stay above freezing. if the temperatures were lower, the monarchs would have to use their fat reserves. the humidity provided by the forest also keeps them from drying out.
the monarchs stay in mexico from about november to march. in the spring, they fly back north. on the way, they lay eggs on milkweed. these eggs hatch into caterpillars, who devour the milkweed leaves, then metamorphose into monarchs. these monarchs live about 5 weeks or so.
what’s especially amazing about the monarch migration is that not all monarchs take part in the journey. and unlike birds and whales, the monarchs that do complete the migration only make one round trip.
the great-grandchildren of the overwintering monarchs migrate south the next fall, somehow landing at the same trees as their ancestors. without the use of maps or satellite imagery! 



monarch value 
forests, wildlife            
migration, milkweed, monarch butterflies            
the good news about the monarchs is that they…            

19.516
-100.2067
 
monarch butterflies, mexico 
off            
3448            
the good news about the monarchs is that they are a beloved bug. kids in classrooms nationwide capture the caterpillars and watch them transform into a chrysalis and eventually a monarch, learning all about life cycles along the way.
increases in the area occupied at the overwintering sites are encouraging, but researchers continue to keep an eye on breeding habitats—milkweed restoration from texas to minnesota is key.
a recent study indicates that people would be willing to donate or buy nectar plants and milkweed to help preserve the monarchs’ habitat in their non-wintering locations. the willingness of americans to buy nectar plants and milkweed could potentially be a multimillion dollar industry. diffendorfer and others (2014) estimated that americans are collectively willing to pay $933 million for nectar plants and $473 million for milkweed. that seems like a good start for the monarchs on their long journeys.



monomoy island(s) 
coasts, water            
barrier islands, erosion, islands, sediment, storm surge, storms, tide, weather            
monomoy is the southernmost barrier island in…            

41.647
-69.9535
 
cape cod, massachusetts, usa 
off            
3070            
monomoy is the southernmost barrier island in this system. it once consisted of north monomoy island and south monomoy island. storms, high winds, tide, and surf endlessly change the island. the landsat imagery shows south beach island migrating southward to join monomoy, which is now considered one island. all of monomoy island (north and south) are designated as monomoy national wildlife refuge.
in the years since european settlers began making coastline maps, the changes to all of these islands and beaches have been observed in fairly predictable patterns. the dilemma now, with an increasing population, is to monitor how storms, flooding, and shoreline erosion affect property and both human and wildlife populations.
play this animation to see the change in this area from 1984 to 2018.



mopti 
water, wetlands            
floodplain, floods, river            
the busy port city mopti is located at the…            

14.6515
-4.4040
 
inland delta of the niger river, mali 
off            
3182            
the busy port city mopti is located at the confluence of the niger and bani rivers. it is a crossroads of trade between the north and south.
farming in this region relies on rainfed cereal crops. this makes farmers vulnerable to weather-related risks. they experience only one good harvest out of every three rainy seasons. to help residents plan for high or low water flood seasons, scientists are working on a greater understanding of the hydrology of the delta.
the niger and bani rivers determine the flood extent each year. the water level in akka, toward the northern part of the delta, can be reliably predicted from the combined flow of these rivers.
flood forecasts will become increasingly important as the population grows and as pressure on water resources increases. water level measurements and satellite images help predict the onset of seasonal floods and help achieve food security. an early warning system will help predict drought and monitor food security. data from both on the ground and satellites help manage water resources.



more about this flood 
natural disasters, water            
flooding, rain, rivers, weather            
the flooding that happened in summer 2008 in…            

38.4375
-87.7118
 
illinois/indiana, usa 
off            
3133            
the flooding that happened in summer 2008 in indiana and illinois started late in 2007 with above normal snowfall. this extra snow saturated the ground as it melted in spring 2008. the above normal rainfall in the spring only made the situation worse. (many u.s. geological survey streamgages in the region already showed stream levels at higher than average streamflow.) the heavy rainfall event on june 6–7, while by itself might not have caused catastrophic flooding, combined with the saturated conditions from the previous winter snows to cause this flood.
on june 6, 2008, a nearly stationary (unmoving) weather front was draped across south-central indiana, and moisture from the gulf of mexico streamed north to fuel thunderstorm development. nearly continuous thunderstorms over a 12–16 hour interval dumped significant amounts of rain on the region. this rain flowed into the already high rivers and streams, which rose quickly.
in the precipitation map on the left, the colors indicate the amount of rainfall for the first half of june 2008. the colorful area from eastern illinois and into central indiana reflects the heavy rain that occurred there at that time.

green = less than 4 inches
yellow to orange to red = 6–12 inches
violet to white = 12 inches or more




more details 
cities            
inner city, olympics, stadium, urban growth            
within the inner city, the moats and walls of…            

39.9161
116.3909 
 
beijing, china 
off            
3111            
within the inner city, the moats and walls of the forbidden city (imperial palace museum) are prominent, with wu gate at the southern end. also within the inner city are six lakes, including zhong hai lake just west of the forbidden city.
in the outer city three parks are visible, of which the middle is the temple of heaven. these are the red areas (darker than the agricultural vegetation outside of the city).
in the out zoom, kunming hu lake is visible on the northwest edge of the city. the historically significant summer palace is on the shore of this lake.
in the north-central part of the 2013 image, a few bright spots appear that aren't in the other images. this is the olympic complex that was built for the 2008 summer olympic games, and includes the olympic stadium, which came to be known as the bird's nest.
an image from 1967 was acquired by the u.s. gambit high-resolution space reconnaissance program. part of a large collection of imagery declassified in the 1990s, the gambit image shows fine detail, 2-4-foot resolution, of the inner city area.



more information 
agriculture, aquaculture, cities, coasts, dams, deforestation, deserts, energy, fires, forests, glaciers, mining, mountains, natural disasters, water, wetlands, wildlife            
 
the surface of the earth is always changing.…            
  
about earthshots 
on            
3071            
the surface of the earth is always changing. some changes like earthquakes, volcanoes, floods, and landslides happen quickly and other changes, such as most erosional processes, happen slowly over time.  it’s often hard to see these changes from ground level. a much broader view is needed, and multiple views that provide a record of change over time are especially helpful. earthshots shows you how satellite data are used to track these changes.
the landsat series of earth-observing satellites has acquired data for monitoring the planet’s landmasses since 1972. the vast archive containing millions of landsat scenes is managed at the u.s. geological survey (usgs) earth resources observation and science (eros) center in sioux falls, sd. the images displayed in earthshots are examples of landsat data that help scientists worldwide understand more about how both people and nature are changing the landscape.
each earthshots page features a different location from around the world and explains the changes that the satellite images reveal. for example, the mount st. helens page shows what the mountain looked like before and after the 1980 eruption. furthermore, it shows recent images that demonstrate how the forest is recovering. the images at the left are three of the landsat images from that page.



more selkirk cloudscapes  
coasts, water            
clouds, islands, karman vortex street            
since its launch in 1999, landsat 7 has not…            

-33.7550
-80.8000 
 
selkirk island, chile 
off            
3350            
since its launch in 1999, landsat 7 has not again seen such nice vortices over selkirk island. a single vortex formed on march 25, 2000, from a similar southerly wind, but then the pattern broke up. that morning the clouds were too unstable, as shown by the turbulent convection cells in the northeast.
in its first year of acquiring images, the whole island was never visible to landsat 7. even on a clear day like november 18, 1999, the island's heat and elevation heave up damp marine air into the cold, until it reaches its dew point and condenses into a kind of permanent parasol of clouds. this sometimes trails downwind a short distance on windy days, as on february 22, 2000.
on november 10, 2008, the island looked a bit more like an icebreaker ship plowing through ice pack; no vortex street this time, but the effect the tall mountain island has on the clouds is clearly demonstrated. the february 14, 2009, image almost displays a vortex, but it didn’t quite form completely.



mount kilimanjaro, tanzania 
glaciers, mountains            
ice, snow, volcanoes            
these images show the famous “snows of…            

-3.0665
37.3507
 
mount kilimanjaro, tanzania 
on            
3464            
these images show the famous “snows of kilimanjaro” in 1976, 2000, 2010, 2013, and 2019. mount kilimanjaro, almost 20,000 feet above sea level, is the highest peak in africa. though only about 200 miles from the equator, it has been capped by glaciers and snow for 11,000 years. this white cap shrinks and grows almost daily, but over the last century or more, its overall trend has been a steady decline. these images show durable, hard-ice glaciers, as well as the ephemeral snow on and around them. scientists have focused on the glaciers, trying to understand why they are shrinking, how long they may last, and what they can teach us about the atmosphere today and the earth long ago.
in these false-color images, vegetation appears green, drylands a brownish tan, and glaciers and snow cyan.



mount pinatubo, philippines 
mountains, natural disasters            
ash, caldera, eruption, lahar, lakes, mud, mudflows, pyroclastic flows, rain, rivers, runoff, sediment, typhoon, urban growth, volcanoes, weather            
mount pinatubo had likely been dormant for…            

15.14
120.35 
 
mount pinatubo, philippines 
on            
3100            
mount pinatubo had likely been dormant for hundreds of years. there had been no historical records of volcanic eruptions. local residents in this part of the philippines hardly believed pinatubo was a volcano, so it was difficult to convince them to evacuate once it began showing signs of an eruption throughout the spring of 1991. when it did erupt explosively on june 15, 1991, it was one of the largest volcanic eruptions of the 20th century.
the ash cloud rose 40 kilometers high, and volcanic ash blanketed the region. making the disaster worse was the arrival of typhoon yunya, which hit on the same day. the heavy rains from the storm sent flows of mud and volcanic debris rushing down the mountainside in all directions. rice and sugarcane fields were smothered. rooftops collapsed from the weight of ash saturated with rain. nearly all bridges within 29 kilometers of the mountain were destroyed.
today, the mountain is relatively quiet, and about 300 meters shorter than it was before the eruption.
landsat’s historical record reveals the changes and regrowth as it happens, something that can’t be witnessed from the ground. furthermore, images from the advanced spaceborne thermal emission and reflection radiometer (aster) sensor on nasa’s terra satellite add more information about the changes to the mountain and surrounding region. data from these satellites can help us analyze a larger area in a much shorter amount of time than ground surveys, providing valuable information for local decision making.




mount rushmore 
forests, mountains, wildlife            
insect infestation, mountain pine beetle, ponderosa pine            
another set of close-up images shows the area…            

43.8433
-103.4946
 
black hills, sd, usa 
off            
3226            
another set of close-up images shows the area around mount rushmore national memorial. the same pattern is apparent here—a decrease in green forest cover surrounding this popular tourist attraction. 
landsat is well suited to studying tree mortality over large areas. the landsat record covers a long time period. its infrared wavelengths help make forest disturbance events easier to detect. in most regions of the united states, landsat provides several clear images per year, which can be useful for tracking the spread of the infestation. best of all, landsat data is freely available.
monitoring a large-scale epidemic like this one is aided by the comprehensive coverage of landsat imagery. because field plots are expensive to implement over large areas, landsat provides forest managers an affordable way to pinpoint where to break up stands of infested trees to try to minimize the spread and reduce fire risk.
the dense historical record that landsat provides is also important because in some areas, other disturbances such as fire can obscure evidence of past disturbances. for example, the upper right of the 2002 image shows a maroon burn scar from a recent wildfire. landsat enables scientists to better study the historical interaction between pine beetles and other types of disturbances which occur in complex landscapes.



mount st. helens 
forests, mountains, natural disasters            
ash, eruption, lakes, logging, mudslides, rivers, volcanoes            
these images show the area around mount st.…            

46.1912
-122.1944
 
mount st. helens, washington, usa 
on            
3457            
these images show the area around mount st. helens, in southwestern washington, before and after its eruption of may 18, 1980. in these false-color images, forest appears as bright red interspersed with patches of logging. snow appears white, and ash is gray.
the cities of vancouver, washington, and portland, oregon, are visible in the southwest of the zoomed-out images, north and south of the columbia river, respectively.



mountaintop mining, west virginia, usa 
mining, mountains            
coal, groundwater, hydrology, mountaintop removal, overburden, reclamation, valleys            
mountaintop coal mining is a major cause of…            

38.07
-81.94
 
mountaintop mining, west virginia, usa 
on            
3449            
mountaintop coal mining is a major cause of land cover changes in the central appalachian mountains of the eastern united states. the landscape disturbance mountaintop mining causes is different from others (such as forestry, urbanization, or agriculture) in that it can extend deeply into the ground, disturbing even the bedrock. landsat imagery from the 1970s has catalogued the changes.
these false color images show the natural landscape of the area: forested mountains are bright green, and numerous streams and valleys give the land a wrinkled appearance. mining areas are pink, and reclaimed mining land is usually light green.
the reason for the large-scale change caused by this type of mining is that one ton of coal is extracted for every 16 tons of terrain displaced. in the mountainous appalachian landscape, the displaced material ends up in river valleys. more than just the look of the landscape changes—the drainage network itself is altered.
first mined in the 19th century, low-sulfur appalachian coal can be extracted relatively cost-effectively by the mountaintop removal process. this method allows almost all of the coal in a seam to be removed. understanding the hydrologic changes brought on by this mining practice is key to the future of the communities in the region.



moving a town 
mining            
copper, open pit, ore, population, tailings, waste            
the town of chuquicamata was established as a…            

-22.298
-68.905
 
chuquicamata mine, chile 
off            
3086            
the town of chuquicamata was established as a mining camp when mining operations opened. after much mining and open pit expansion, the town ended up being too close to the mining operations. dust from the mine and gases from the nearby smelting plant caused the mining company to relocate the entire town.
besides the health and safety concerns, the company was running out of convenient places to pile up mine waste. to extract 1 kilogram of copper, 100 kilograms of rock has to be removed from the ground. that waste material has to go somewhere. so now, the site of the former town is beginning to be buried in mine waste.
most of the town has not yet been buried and stands as a ghost town. residents were moved to calama, a city about 15 kilometers away. codelco, the government company that owns the mine, built over 5,000 homes—one for each family. residents began moving in 2004, and by september 2007, chuquicamata was officially abandoned.
the landsat images show the location of the former town and the piles of mine waste encroaching on its north side. an image from europe's copernicus sentinel-2 satellite zooms in closer with finer resolution to show the location of the town in more detail.



mt. ararat 
glaciers, mountains            
ice, resolution, sensors, snow            
despite its problems, rbv data has been used…            

39.7082
44.2913
 
landsat’s return beam vidicon 
off            
3408            
despite its problems, rbv data has been used in land change studies.
rbv data was used in a recent scientific study of glaciers in turkey. scientists used rbv images from 1980 (along with dozens of other landsat images and high-resolution commercial satellite images) to document the areal extent of all glaciers in that country. the researchers noted that rbv’s higher resolution was an excellent source for glacier studies.
the glacier covering the top of mount ararat is turkey’s largest glacier. based on data from the rbv and more recent landsat sensors, the glacier area of ararat diminished from 8.9 square kilometers in 1977 to 5.6 square kilometers in 2008, according to the study. most loss took place on the southern, western, and eastern sides of the mountain.
even though rbv had an impressive spatial resolution, the near-infrared and shortwave infrared imaging capability on current landsats defines the extent of ice more clearly than rbv could.
the depth of the landsat archive across the history of landsat sensors made this study possible. it’s important to continue to monitor these glaciers and gauge the effects of these changes, and rbv turned out to be an excellent source where data did not already exist.

mt. ararat glacier extent


year
area




1977
8.9 km2


1987
8.7 km2


1998
7.1 km2


2000
6.7 km2


2004
6.3 km2


2008
5.6 km2


2013
5.3 km2






muskingum mines, ohio, usa 
forests, mining            
coal, reclamation, strip mining            
these images show shifting strip mines in…            

39.8967
-81.9757
 
muskingum mines, ohio, usa 
on            
3459            
these images show shifting strip mines in eastern ohio, from 1973 to 2022. in these images, the mines appear as bright spots against the green forest background in the southern part of the images.
the muskingum mines were started in the 1950s in muskingum county, ohio, and are now operated by the american electric power company. the bed of coal being mined, known as the meigs creek coal, is about 60 inches thick, of intermediate grade, and is part of the monongahela geologic group, deposited about 300 million years ago.
at that time, central ohio was covered by a shallow inland sea, with a floor of limestone and sandstone. then, to the east, the appalachian mountains slowly pushed upward. streams flowed off the mountains into this inland sea, dropping sediment and creating deltas along the coast in what is now eastern ohio. swamps grew on these deltas, and conditions were just right for the dying plants to form layers of peat. over the years this peat was buried by more sediment (the sandstone and shale we now see covering the coal), transforming the peat into coal through heat and pressure.



nanhui new city 
cities, coasts            
aritificial islands, bridge, megacity, population, shipping ports, urban growth            
southeast of shanghai is an area of major land…            

31.2334
121.4845
 
shanghai, china 
off            
3463            
southeast of shanghai is an area of major land change where a planned city is being built. nanhui new city covers about 74 square kilometers and is intended to provide space for 800,000 people. it was formerly called lingang new city and was renamed in april 2012.
the main feature of the new city is a circular artificial lake, visible in this series of images starting in 2004. dishui lake is 2.5 kilometers across and includes three artificial islands. the concentric structure of the city resembles a compass rose. the streets radiate out from the center. waterways extend all over the city to support its theme of “waterside living.”
off the coast is yangshan deep-water port, one of the largest shipping ports in the world. the huge port opened in 2005 and can handle the world’s largest container vessels. more than half of yangshan port was built on reclaimed land.
the port connects to nanhui new city by the donghai bridge. construction of the bridge is visible in the 2004 image. it opened to general traffic in 2005. the 32.5-kilometer-long bridge carries six lanes of traffic and is one of the longest bridges in the world.



natural holes 
cities, mining            
karst, lakes, limestone, sinkholes            
as rain falls through the sky it absorbs…            

28.527
-81.4118
 
orlando, florida, usa 
off            
3410            
as rain falls through the sky it absorbs carbon dioxide, making it slightly acidic. all stone is subject to this acid, but limestone dissolves especially rapidly, and its cracked, fractured structure lets the water seep down through it. over many years, elaborate networks of tunnels and caves form underground, often with a honeycomb of vertical “pipes” that drain the area underground, rather than through ordinary streams and rivers draining laterally to the ocean. karstic areas have few streams. other features of a karstic landscape are artesian springs, underground rivers, natural bridges, caves, quicksand, and especially sinkholes.
a sinkhole forms when the roof of an underground cave collapses and the rock and soil above it drop down to fill the void. sinkholes occasionally make the news by swallowing buildings, roads, and trucks. since water often lies just below the ground in florida, these sinkholes often fill with water. this is why these landsat images show so many lakes; florida has over 7,000 lakes larger than 10 acres and many more smaller than that. sometimes part of a lake floor will collapse—a sinkhole under a sinkhole—and the lake will drain down into the aquifer, like pulling the plug in a bathtub. you can see some good examples of karstic lakes in these images. they often have a round shape, steep sides, and no streams leading in or out.
disney world and epcot are labeled in these images. epcot, located southeast of disney world, is missing in the 1973 image and partly completed in 1986. the expansion of epcot can be seen throughout the rest of the series of images, along with the growth of residential areas southwest of orlando.



ndvi 
forests, wildlife            
migration, monarch butterflies, ndvi, oyamel            
subtle changes in vegetation are sometimes…            

19.516
-100.2067
 
monarch butterflies, mexico 
off            
3446            
subtle changes in vegetation are sometimes difficult for us to see when just looking at the imagery. the normalized difference vegetation index (ndvi) uses the difference in landsat’s red and near-infrared reflectivity to assess vegetation health.
the graph below shows how ndvi significantly decreases in two areas of disturbed vegetation (red symbols) relative to undisturbed sites (green symbols) within the oyamel forest. the site locations are shown on high-resolution imagery in the second figure. the ndvi data can help determine if a given area is suitable to monarch overwintering.
 
ndvi analysis done by birgit peterson, scientist with asrc federal inuteq, contractor to the usgs eros center.



near lake mead 
cities, deserts, water            
golf courses, highways, impervious surface, lakes, land cover maps, population, urban growth, water use            
these close-up land cover maps show the water…            

36.2551
-115.2383
 
las vegas, nevada, usa 
off            
3066            
these close-up land cover maps show the water level changes to western lake mead. the water classification (blue) diminishes as the lake shrinks through the time series.
golf courses show up as developed land. even though they have vegetation (as indicated in the landsat images as bright green), here they show up as developed, open space. this faded pink color is also used to indicate lawn grasses in large-lot single-family housing units, parks, and other vegetation planted for aesthetics.
the dark red is urban areas, and in the lower center of the image is boulder city, nevada. the faded pink is conspicuous as golf courses, but another pink and red line traces toward the left—a highway that leads from boulder city to part of henderson. around lake las vegas are more golf courses and development in the upper left. the river mountains occupy the tan space to the left of lake mead.



new administrative capital 
agriculture, cities, deserts            
delta, urban growth            
as cairo and other urban areas on the nile…            

30.0999
31.0688
 
nile river delta, egypt 
off            
3475            
as cairo and other urban areas on the nile river delta grow, new satellite cities are being constructed in the desert. roads spread across the desert in the landsat images, and red indicates vegetation.
development of new cairo city east of cairo began in the early 1990s to help relieve congestion in the large city.
farther east, about 35 km from the nile, is a city being built from scratch. designed to accommodate 6.5 million residents, this new administrative capital for egypt will house government buildings, foreign embassies, and major companies. a monorail will link the new city to cairo.
construction of the all-new city began in 2015 and full completion is planned for 2050.



new airport 
cities, coasts, deserts            
airport, land creation, land reclamation, urban growth            
construction started on hamad international…            

25.2853
51.53
 
doha, qatar 
off            
3279            
construction started on hamad international airport (hia) in 2004 with a huge land reclamation project. sand from the seabed was used to build new land off the coast. more than half of the area of the new airport is on 28 square kilometers of reclaimed land.
the new airport’s two runways are 4,850 meters and 4,250 meters long. they were designed to accommodate the airbus a380, the world’s largest passenger jet.
the first flights at hia began in 2014. the new airport replaces the old doha international airport, located just west of the new airport. hia is 12 times the size of the old airport. indeed, its presence now dominates the landsat images of doha.



new airport 
cities            
airport, freeways, urban growth            
a major development in this time series of…            

39.7436
-105.0202
 
denver, colorado, usa 
off            
3121            
a major development in this time series of images is denver international airport. a massive piece of infrastructure, the airport sits on 34,000 acres of land, making it the second largest airport in the world. located 23 miles northeast of downtown denver, the airport was the fifth busiest in the u.s. in 2017.
its footprint on the landscape is impressive, and the airport even has room to expand. prepared for plenty of future growth, there is enough space to expand it from 6 runways to 12.
construction began in 1989, and the disturbance to the former farm and range land can be seen in the landsat image from 1990. the transformation from agriculture to developed land use was complete soon after, and the airport’s first flight took off in 1995.
that first year, the denver airport serviced 31 million passengers. in 2018, 64.5 million passengers traveled through the airport.
the runway layout was planned to be as efficient as possible. none of the runways intersect. and there is enough space between them to accommodate simultaneous landings even in poor weather. this plan reduces delays and minimizes the risk for aircraft traffic jams.
five of the runways are 12,000 feet long. the sixth was a more recent addition. brought into service in september 2003, this runway is 16,000 feet long and 200 feet wide. that’s about 2 landsat pixels wide, but it shows up clearly in the imagery because it’s 162 landsat pixels long. it’s the longest commercial runway in north america.
the extra length is needed in denver’s high elevation. particularly for departures, larger, heavier planes need the additional space to get off the ground.



new airport 
cities, deserts            
airport, urban growth            
nouakchott’s airport is visible as the…            

18.07
-15.97
 
nouakchott, mauritania 
off            
3218            
nouakchott’s airport is visible as the straight diagonal line near the city’s center in the images in the other subsections. over the time series of images, the airport became surrounded by the urban growth.
a new larger airport, nouakchott-oumtounsy (nkc), opened in june 2016. in the 2013 image, the airport is still under construction, and in 2011, there is no sign of it. located about 20 km north of the old airport, and about 17 km north of the northern extent of the city, this new airport will accommodate even more growth.



new cutoff close up 
natural disasters, water            
cutoff, flooding, rain, rivers, weather            
cutoffs are common on meandering rivers like…            

38.4375
-87.7118
 
illinois/indiana, usa 
off            
3137            
cutoffs are common on meandering rivers like the wabash, but it’s rare to be able to witness a cutoff forming as it happens. scientists are using this cutoff as a chance to learn more about what happens when these cutoffs develop and how cutoffs change after they form.



new ecosystem 
coasts, deserts            
breakwater, lagoons, mangroves            
continuous testing of the seabed and water…            

28.66
48.388
 
sabah al ahmad sea city, kuwait 
off            
3392            
continuous testing of the seabed and water takes place during and after construction of each phase of the sea city project to monitor the condition of the sea and coast. scientists take water and sand samples from many locations to monitor water and sediment quality.
marine life is now flourishing in what was once relatively lifeless desert. even new coral is growing in the lagoons. according to a study conducted in the new marine environment, over 1,000 marine macrobiota, including 100 commercial fish and shellfish species, inhabited the waterways within just a few years of bringing seawater to the desert. the species richness after just 4 years was equivalent to that of the open sea.
mangroves, a salt-tolerant plant, are raised in nurseries and then planted on islands in the new lagoons. the mangroves provide nurseries for fish and stabilize the marine bed. since the waterways are semi-enclosed, they provide protected nurseries for fish, shellfish, and other wildlife. bees were also introduced to pollinate the salt-tolerant plants. the aim is to have a coastal landscape that can survive without freshwater.
a breakwater also needed to be built. this detached breakwater was built with 28,000 hexagonal concrete blocks, which were cast on site. these were used instead of rock because rock would not have been strong enough to protect the city and its lagoons from the currents of the open gulf.
the new marine environment created is the heart of the project. sea city is becoming at once a thriving ecosystem and a modern city.



new farming plan 
agriculture, fires            
citrus, irrigation, sugar cane, volcanoes            
the harvest of sugar cane continued through…            

20.8314
-156.4238
 
maui, hawaii, usa 
off            
3478            
the harvest of sugar cane continued through 2016, but no new planting took place. and with irrigation halted, the only growth after that is some resprouted cane and dry, nonnative grass.
mahi pono, a farming company, bought the land in 2018 and plans diversified agriculture for the 41,000 acres of former cane fields. some crops are planned for export, such as citrus, coffee, and macadamia nuts. but since hawaii imports about 90% of its food, the company’s goal is to keep most of the food it produces in the local market.
it takes time to get the varied crops up to full production, so the recent imagery continues to show the brown swath of dry grasses. for example, a plan for 40 acres of citrus trees would be the largest citrus orchard in hawaii. but even that will not look impressive in the landsat imagery just yet. that 40 acres would only be about 180 30-meter pixels—out of the nearly half a million pixels that make up this scene.
furthermore, those citrus trees won’t be productive right away. the company needs to upgrade the irrigation system, recondition the soil, and wait for the trees to mature. they are also learning about what can grow in certain soils and climates. even this relatively small area of plains between the dormant volcanoes has different microclimates and soil attributions. it takes time to recondition the land after growing one crop for so long, when decades of herbicide and fertilizer use depleted the soil’s organic material.
as of 2021, the company had planted more than 600,000 citrus trees and more than 300,000 coffee trees on the former cane land. other trees have also been planted as wind breaks.



new orleans 
cities, natural disasters, water, wetlands            
canals, flooding, hurricane, lake, river, storm, weather            
lake pontchartrain covers the northern part of…            

29.9581
-90.0619
 
hurricane katrina, new orleans, louisiana, usa 
off            
3330            
lake pontchartrain covers the northern part of these landsat images. the curvy dark line is the mississippi river as it meanders past new orleans. the dark straight lines are canals, built for flood protection and as an aid to water navigation.
the september 7 image shows new orleans days after hurricane katrina struck. the flooded areas are dark, giving the city a bruised appearance. a straight vertical line separates a dark flooded area of the city from the light green-pink unflooded area. the floodwaters appeared to have stopped at the 17th street canal. this canal failed but the west dike held, keeping that part of the city from flooding.
floodwater from the gulf of mexico made its way to lake pontchartrain, which then flooded this part of the city with an 11-foot storm surge. water entered the canals but the canal walls did not overtop. the walls failed when water had only risen part of the way up the wall. when these canals broke, water from lake pontchartrain poured into these neighborhoods.
by september 7, the city had started to drain. pumps worked to return the water to lake pontchartrain. about 380 cubic meters (100,000 gallons) of water were pumped out of the city every second.
green vegetation has returned by the 2006 image, one year after the storm. comparing the image from before katrina and the most recent image, the amount of vegetation appears similar.



new safe confinement 
agriculture            
accident, nuclear power plant, nuclear reactor, radiation            
a temporary structure was quickly built over…            

51.2619
30.2360
 
chernobyl, ukraine 
off            
3234            
a temporary structure was quickly built over reactor number 4 to contain radioactive material. a more permanent solution was needed. about two decades in the making, a massive steel structure called the new safe confinement was built to seal in the site.
segments of the structure were pre-assembled in italy and shipped to ukraine. to prevent exposure to radiation for the workers, the structure was erected 300 m away from the site. the framework was completed in 2014, and the entire structure was moved into place in november 2016. notice the difference in its location between these 2015 and 2018 images from sentinel-2.
considered the world’s largest moveable structure, the new covering weighs 40,000 tons and is 843 feet across, 355 feet high, and 492 feet long. it’s tall enough for the statue of liberty to fit inside. at sentinel’s 10-meter resolution, the huge structure appears as a bright set of pixels at the accident site.
the new safe confinement is expected to securely contain the radiation for 100 years.



nile river delta, egypt 
agriculture, cities, deserts, water            
center-pivot, delta, irrigation, rivers, urban growth            
these images show the dramatic urban growth…            

30.0999
31.0688
 
nile river delta, egypt 
on            
3427            
these images show the dramatic urban growth within the nile river delta and the expansion of agriculture into adjoining desert areas. the nile is the world's longest river at 4,160 miles. it flows south to north, bringing fresh, nutrient-rich water to egypt.
in these images, red indicates vegetation. the contrast is clear between the lush vegetation of irrigated fields and the white or tan barren desert.



nordhavn 
cities            
development, land creation, population, urban growth            
one solution to accommodate copenhagen’s…            

55.6629
12.595
 
copenhagen, denmark 
off            
3250            
one solution to accommodate copenhagen’s population growth is to grow inwardly as well as outwardly. growth near the central part of the city will help encourage commuters to use mass transit and bicycles to commute to and from work.
nordhavn is an artificial peninsula on the øresund coast. nordhavn is the northernmost extension off the coast of the central part of the city. once a harbor for container traffic and cruise ships, nordhavn is becoming a new trend in urban development. development of the area began in 2011, and plans are to continue development for the next several decades.
this development is bringing the peninsula a new identity. it will become a mixture of housing, businesses, public spaces, parks, natural areas, and cafés. dense urban development will minimize energy consumption used for transportation. people will find cycling, walking, and public transportation the easy and obvious choice.



north antelope rochelle complex mines 
energy, mining            
coal, open pits            
the north antelope rochelle complex is the…            

43.59
-105.29
 
powder river basin, wyoming, usa 
off            
3237            
the north antelope rochelle complex is the most productive of the prb mines. in 2018, the mine sold 98.4 million tons of coal. in 2017, it accounted for 13.1% of u.s. coal production. it began operations in 1983, and the series of landsat images shows the progression of this mine since 1984.
 

 



north rift 
glaciers            
calving, chasm, crevasses, ice, ice rumples, ice shelf, icebergs, rifts            
while a large iceberg was threatening to form…            

-75.631
-26.5
 
brunt ice shelf, antarctica 
off            
3487            
while a large iceberg was threatening to form from the halloween crack or chasm 1, a new rift suddenly appeared in satellite images in september 2019 just north of these features. the rift zippered across the ice at remarkable speed during the antarctic summer of 2020–2021. the third major rift in this ice shelf to become active in the past decade, the north rift lengthened by about 20 km between november 18 and december 22, 2020. it then grew an additional 8 kilometers by january 12, 2021.
watch the new rift widen and flow westward with the ice shelf in the images. as you flip through, notice the mcdonald ice rumples remaining stationary.



north rift 2 
glaciers            
calving, ice, ice shelf, icebergs, rifts            
the rift continued to push northeast at up to…            

-75.631
-26.5
 
brunt ice shelf, antarctica 
off            
3488            
the rift continued to push northeast at up to 1 km per day as it cut through the 150-m thick ice shelf. gps equipment detected a break on february 26, 2021. landsat 8 got its first glimpse of the resulting iceberg, named a-74, on march 1.



northern delta 
water, wetlands            
floodplain, floods, lakes, river, sand dunes            
in the northern portion of the delta, channels…            

14.6515
-4.4040
 
inland delta of the niger river, mali 
off            
3180            
in the northern portion of the delta, channels fill in between sand dunes during the flood season. temporary lakes also fill during high floods. the water reaching these lakes is not returned to the river as flood waters recede.
the north receives far less precipitation than the southern portion. the mean annual precipitation there is just 200 mm (7.9 inches).
(black stripes run through the 2011 image because of the scan line corrector failure on landsat 7 in may 2003.)



nouakchott, mauritania 
cities, deserts            
airport, flooding, groundwater, near-infrared, sand dunes, sea level, urban growth            
not too long ago, nouakchott, mauritania, was…            

18.07
-15.97
 
nouakchott, mauritania 
on            
3215            
not too long ago, nouakchott, mauritania, was a small fishing town. it became the country’s capital in 1958, shortly before mauritania became independent. the town rapidly bloomed into a huge metropolis.
during a long series of drought years in the 1970s, thousands of rural families moved to nouakchott in search of a better life. refugees displaced by the western sahara war, which started in the mid-1970s, added to the city’s growth.
from small fishing town to rapidly expanding national capital, nouakchott is surrounded by shifting sand dunes from the north and east, threatened by sea level rise from the west, and facing rising salty groundwater from below. sand, salt, and water simultaneously threaten to damage the city from all sides. that’s why monitoring the region with earth-observing satellites will be important for its future.



oil 
energy, mining            
coal, oil            
the prb has become about more than just coal.…            

43.59
-105.29
 
powder river basin, wyoming, usa 
off            
3239            
the prb has become about more than just coal. oil production is also increasing. similar to the bakken formation in north dakota, new technologies are allowing oil to be more economically recoverable.
since 2009, hundreds of oil wells have been drilled in the prb. in the second half of 2010, 219 drilling permits were received. in the first half of 2014, 1,161 permits were received.
these images show the region just west of the black thunder mine. the 2014 image looks like a messy dot-to-dot drawing. the light dots, connected by crooked lines, are oil wells and the roads that lead to them.



okomu 
forests            
logging, oil palm, rain forest            
in 1977, part of the okomu forest reserve was…            

6.3
5.322
 
okomu forest reserve, nigeria 
off            
3425            
in 1977, part of the okomu forest reserve was given to the federal government for the okomu oil palm project. between 1984 and 2011, the area of land used for oil palm plantations increased more than fourfold.
these plantations mostly appear in the northern part of the reserve. the image series also shows major changes in the southeastern part of the reserve, where the dark green is giving way to lighter green shades and pink. small-scale subsistence farming is becoming more widespread. logging and fuel wood collection also take place there under the forest canopy. people in this region can also sell forest products as a means of income.
these changes to the vegetation can cause increased localized erosion and flooding. slightly higher than average rainfall can make the area vulnerable to flooding.



okomu forest reserve, nigeria 
forests            
logging, rain forest            
closed-canopy tropical moist forest once…            

6.3
5.322
 
okomu forest reserve, nigeria 
on            
3424            
closed-canopy tropical moist forest once covered large parts of this landscape near the niger river delta. since the 1940s, however, logging, farming, and large-scale plantations have caused major losses of natural forest. in the middle of this increasingly degraded landscape, a fragment of relatively undisturbed rain forest remains.
in this series of landsat images, plantations of oil palm and rubber trees appear in blocks of light green and magenta. okomu national park in nigeria was designated in 1999 to protect a small population of forest elephants and several species of threatened primates within the okomu forest reserve. despite the large-scale rubber and oil palm plantation expansion in the northern half of the forest reserve and farmland in the southern half, okomu national park remains largely protected within the reserve and its dark green hue stands out against these surroundings.



old faithful 
fires, forests, natural disasters            
burn severity, fire scars, recovery            
this series shows the area around the famous…            

44.4444
-110.6034
 
yellowstone national park, usa 
off            
3143            
this series shows the area around the famous old faithful geyser. geysers and hot pools are the bright or blue spots within the dark green forest.
the vertical line on the left side of the images is the western park boundary. the patchy spots to the left of the line are logging areas outside the boundary. the 2011 image reveals another smaller burn scar just to the northwest of the airport at west yellowstone, montana, and the 2016 image shows another new burn scar at the top edge.
the fires scorched a lot of the park, but they did not destroy forests in one large swath. the severity of the burn varies. unburned land is interspersed with the burned area. dark red areas are severe burns, and lighter red areas are less severe.
over time, the pink bare ground begins to give way to light green as vegetation returns.



old river control structure 
coasts, water, wetlands            
canals, deltas, marshes, rivers, sea level rise, sediment            
the mississippi river delta has…            

29.516
-91.357
 
atchafalaya delta, louisiana, usa 
off            
3512            
the mississippi river delta has naturally meandered and migrated over time, building lobes of low swampland in what is now southern louisiana. if left to its own, the river might migrate west and join the atchafalaya to take a direct southerly route to the gulf. however, a system of levees, flood gates, and canals prevents that from happening.
built in 1963 to regulate the amount of flow into the atchafalaya, the old river control structure prevents the atchafalaya river from capturing the mississippi. the system keeps 70% of the water in the mississippi.
the 2022 image labels the parts of the old river control structure and rivers. with more than 50 yeas of data, the landsat program is a valuable tool in continuing to monitor both the land loss and land gain of the mississippi river delta.



omo river delta 
dams, water            
delta, lakes, rivers            
in these images, bright green indicates…            

3.6268
36.0023
 
lake turkana, kenya and ethiopia 
off            
3388            
in these images, bright green indicates aquatic vegetation on the omo river delta. the size of the delta changes over time in these scenes because of changes to the lake’s water level. the delta expands and shrinks in response to the high rainfall variability in the region. however, if a significant amount of water is diverted from the omo river for irrigation, the natural dynamics of the lake levels could be affected.
in the 2011 and 2015 images, curious features appear: green swirling shapes south of the delta. we know that green indicates growing vegetation in these images, but is this shallow water being exposed with more aquatic vegetation taking hold, or is this vegetation floating on the water’s surface? examining the lake’s depth reveals that it is too deep in this area to be growing, rooted plants. so it must be vegetation or weeds floating on the surface.



on thick ice 
water            
fishing, ice, ice fishing, ice road, lake            
the maximum depth of this large lake is only…            

46.23
-93.64
 
mille lacs lake, minnesota, usa 
off            
3507            
the maximum depth of this large lake is only 40 feet. the entire surface freezes all the way across each winter, with ice reaching 2–4 feet thick.
that’s thick enough to drive cars and pickups on. according to the minnesota department of natural resources, clear ice 16 inches thick can support a heavy-duty pickup.
some years look a little busier. in some images, the lake looks smudgy with snow or wind. so the view depends on local conditions on the day of landsat overpass.



øresund link 
cities            
artificial islands, bridge, development, islands, land creation, population, urban growth            
an artificial island first appears in the…            

55.6629
12.595
 
copenhagen, denmark 
off            
3251            
an artificial island first appears in the øresund strait in the 1998 image. the 4-km-long (2.5-mile-long) island is called peberholm and was built from material dredged from the seabed. it’s a key point in the construction of the øresund link, which connects copenhagen and malmö.
open for traffic since 2000, the øresund link is made up of three segments. starting from copenhagen on the northern end of the airport, the link begins with an underwater tunnel that is 3,510 meters (2.2 miles) long. the roadway on peberholm island is 4,055 meters (2.5 miles) long. finally, øresund bridge spans the rest of the strait to malmö. the cable-stayed bridge is 7,845 meters (4.9 miles) long and is visible as the thin line curving from the island to malmö.



orlando, florida, usa 
cities, mining            
karst, lakes, limestone, phosphate, reclamation, sinkholes            
the physical growth of orlando, florida,…            

28.527
-81.4118
 
orlando, florida, usa 
on            
3399            
the physical growth of orlando, florida, especially to the east and south, is apparent in these images. builders in the area have to plan construction carefully because this land is karstic. karst terrain is characterized by springs, caves, sinkholes, and a unique hydrogeology that results in aquifers that are highly productive but extremely vulnerable to contamination.
the term karstic comes from karst, a region in the balkans whose underlying rock is limestone, which slowly dissolves in the groundwater giving it a distinctive terrain and water cycle. karstic lands comprise 5 to 10 percent of the earth's land surface, where oceans have retreated as they did in florida. millions of years ago, florida was under water; calcium crystals and seashells sank to this ocean floor and gradually compacted into hard limestone. as the ocean dropped, florida became covered by plants and soil, and subject to rainwater.



other vortices  
coasts, water            
clouds, islands, karman vortex street            
selkirk island is not the only place where…            

-33.7550
-80.8000
 
selkirk island, chile 
off            
3354            
selkirk island is not the only place where landsat has seen vortex streets. other places where this phenomenon is common are nearby robinson crusoe island; the kuril islands, russia; guadalupe island, off the western coast of mexico; and the aleutian islands, alaska. the reason for the cloud patterns is the same: tall, steep-sided islands that affect the motion of passing clouds. that first image over selkirk island in september 1999, however, is still the clearest vortex street landsat has recorded.



outbreak causes 
forests, wildlife            
caterpillar, defoliation, drought, insect infestation, moth            
the current spongy moth outbreak is thought to…            

41.667
-71.77
 
spongy moth infestation, ma, ct, ri, usa 
off            
3305            
the current spongy moth outbreak is thought to be the result of a series of unusually dry springs in 2014, 2015, and 2016, which suppressed a fungus that keeps the moth population in check. the fungus (known as entomophaga maimaiga in the scientific world) infects the caterpillars and causes high rates of mortality. however, researchers believe that during this outbreak, low precipitation during key periods in the spongy moth life cycle resulted in lower amounts of this fungus, so the fungus was not as effective and the moth population was not kept in check.
a healthy tree can survive a defoliation by the caterpillars. it can usually produce new leaves in the same growing season. however, consecutive years of caterpillar attacks can cause tree mortality.



oxbow lakes 
water            
cutoffs, erosion, lakes, oxbow lakes, rivers, sediment            
the more a river meanders, the more cutoffs…            

-14.9236
-64.9855
 
mamoré river, bolivia 
off            
3423            
the more a river meanders, the more cutoffs form. cutoffs form more frequently on rivers that have more sediment. flanking the mamoré river in these images are numerous oxbow lakes, formed from these cutoffs.
an oxbow lake starts as a meander, or curve, in the river. sediment builds up on one side of the curve, called deposition. the river becomes more curvy until the river ultimately loops back onto itself. the river then flows along the straighter path and forms a cutoff. once the river completes this shortcut, the curve becomes a separate body of water, called an oxbow lake.
over time, the oxbow lake fills with sediment and detritus and eventually becomes a swamp or bog for a while and then often dries up as the water evaporates.
 




pad drilling 
cities, mining            
drilling, oil, oil platforms, well pads            
a new drilling technique called pad drilling…            

48.1696
-103.3259
 
bakken oil boom, north dakota, usa 
off            
3211            
a new drilling technique called pad drilling reduces the overall footprint of land cover change caused by the industry. several horizontal well bores are drilled from a single larger pad. pad drilling became more widespread in 2010 and now accounts for about 75% of all new wells. while the number of wells drilled can increase, the land requirement for increased production is not as extensive. furthermore, other infrastructure, such as roads and pipelines, are reduced overall.
pad drilling also has the benefit of more wells being drilled in less time. a significant area of underground resources can be tapped with minimal impact on the surface. even as the number of new drilling wells slows, production can continue to increase.



pāhoa 
coasts, natural disasters            
crater, eruption, fissure, island, lava, lava flow, volcano            
on june 27, 2014, new fissures erupted just…            

19.388
-155.106
 
kīlauea, hawaii, usa 
off            
3167            
on june 27, 2014, new fissures erupted just east of pu‘u ‘ō‘ō crater and lava advanced rapidly to the east. by late october, lava had advanced 20 km toward pāhoa. the flow eventually stalled 1,800 feet (550 m) from the pahoa police and fire stations. it also reached within 500 feet (150 m) of pāhoa’s main street before stopping. by mid-december, the lava flow threatened the pāhoa marketplace shopping center but no damage was done there. the entire flow extended 13.5 miles (21.7 km).
landsat imagery shows this flow as ragged, dark lines protruding from the main lava flows around pu‘u ‘ō‘ō. an image from the european space agency’s sentinel-2 satellite shows the lava flow and pāhoa in slightly higher resolution and makes it clear just how closely the flow approached the community.



palm jebel ali 
cities, coasts, deserts            
artificial islands, islands, land creation, urban growth            
palm jebel ali is another island similarly…            

25.1144
55.1380
 
dubai, united arab emirates 
off            
3106            
palm jebel ali is another island similarly shaped to the palm jumeirah and slightly larger. and like palm jumeirah, this artificial island was built quickly in the early years of the 2000s.
after the financial crisis of 2008, development slowed down. in fact, construction on palm jebel ali was suspended in 2009, and relatively less change is visible between the 2008 and the 2022 images.
planning is again underway to develop the island but at a slower pace. similar to palm jumeirah, palm jebel ali will include apartments, homes, offices, and hotels.



palm jumeirah 
cities, coasts, deserts            
artificial islands, islands, land creation, urban growth            
palm jumeirah was the first of the artificial…            

25.1144
55.1380
 
dubai, united arab emirates 
off            
3105            
palm jumeirah was the first of the artificial islands off the coast of dubai to be built. shaped like a huge palm tree, it added 56 kilometers (35 miles) to dubai’s coastline.
palm jumeirah includes a trunk with 17 fronds surrounded by a crescent-shaped breakwater. residences are on the fronds, the trunk has apartments, and hotels line the crescent. the crescent also has a large water park called aquaventure.
in the early years of the 21st century, substantial progress is seen on this artificial island. once the island takes shape, vegetation is seen increasing on the new land. the progress on the island matched the urban growth inland during the same time period. new roads, expanded urban areas, and increased vegetation mark the most visible changes in these images.



palm oil plantations 
agriculture, deforestation, forests            
carbon, palm oil, peat, rain forest            
understandably, many countries are pursuing…            

-6.6051
140.5033
 
papua, indonesia 
off            
3398            
understandably, many countries are pursuing renewable resources to get away from the reliance on fossil fuels. however, new research has determined that palm oil doesn’t reduce greenhouse gas emissions at all—producing biofuel from palm oil may actually increase greenhouse gases as much as burning fossil fuels does.
one of the reasons is peat land. much of the rain forest that is being converted to palm oil plantations is located on peat land. these natural carbon sinks sequester huge amounts of carbon. cutting these forests and draining the peat land releases this stored carbon that has been there for thousands of years. besides that, the carbon costs in fertilizing and managing the crops, processing the products, and transporting them outweigh any benefits.
forest cover in west papua was estimated to be 33 million hectares in 1997. that reduced to 30.4 million hectares by 2004. even more plantations appear in the later images.



papua, indonesia 
agriculture, deforestation, forests            
carbon, logging, palm oil, peat, rain forest            
the growth of the palm oil industry has…            

-6.6051
140.5033
 
papua, indonesia 
on            
3396            
the growth of the palm oil industry has transformed part of the tropical rain forest of papua, indonesia, into gridded blocks of palm oil plantations. indonesia produces a little over half of the world’s palm oil. together, indonesia and malaysia produce 87% of the world’s palm oil.
palm oil is used in about half of all consumer goods. it is found in cooking oil, soap, food additives, and myriad other products. you have almost certainly used palm oil recently probably without knowing it.



pasig-potrero 
mountains, natural disasters            
ash, eruption, lahar, mudflows, pyroclastic flows, rivers, sediment, urban growth, volcanoes            
the pasig-potrero river drains the east side…            

15.14
120.35
 
mount pinatubo, philippines 
off            
3102            
the pasig-potrero river drains the east side of mount pinatubo, just south of clark air force base. following the 1991 eruption, pyroclastic flows buried about one-third of the pasig-potrero watershed.
a series of lahars that occurred in the years after the eruption made the pasig-potrero channel wider. after the eruption image from july 1991 (really just a brown and gray mess under a few puffy clouds), a bright purple-pink lahar appears downstream on the pasig-potrero river. the sediments are redistributed over time, until the october 1994 image shows a larger change to the river. a lahar alongside a previous one more than doubled the area covered by sediment. the 1996 image shows more clearly even further lahar action with bright pink hues. recent images show the reestablishment of farm fields, though the land and river course are altered from what they were before the 1991 eruption.
the 1996 image indicates the beginning of dike construction. these dikes, along with a reinforced dam built along the southern slopes, create a sediment retention area. the dikes stand 5 to 15 meters tall.
these images also hint at the lingering hazard in this region. a growing population is indicated by the urban growth of the city of angeles in the upper center of the images. this city, with a 2016 population of about 900,000, is near clark air force base; the long straight lines are the runways of the air base. clark air force base closed soon after the pinatubo eruption. however, it reopened to u.s. forces in june 2012, when it was called clark air base. a new highway was also completed by 2007, seen in the image winding past the air base and to the lower left.
in early 2017, clouds covered the pasig-potrero river area in all available landsat images. the image aster captured on february 23, however, was clear. with many cloudy days in this part of the world, these sensors complement each other, filling in when the other sensor detects mostly clouds.
even more than two and a half decades after the eruption, lahar hazards may continue. landsat and aster help monitor changes caused by these hazards and how the changes to the land affect the population.



pearl river delta, china 
agriculture, cities, coasts            
airports, bridges, delta, megacities, population, urban growth            
in 1978, the pearl river delta (prd) region in…            

22.621
113.729
 
pearl river delta, china 
on            
3152            
in 1978, the pearl river delta (prd) region in southern china had a population of just under 10 million. the population was scattered between several medium-sized cities on an interlacing network of rivers and streams.
some of those cites have become megacities, and the entire region has merged into one continuous, if scattered, megalopolis with a combined population greater than the six u.s. new england states plus new york, new jersey, and pennsylvania.
the prd now has a population higher than tokyo, making it the world’s largest urban area.
in 1978, china began new economic policies that loosened regulation for migrating within the country, and people either moved permanently to cities to find work in industry or moved there temporarily for seasonal work. in-migration has been the largest contributor to the rapid population rise. the new model also opened up the country to foreign investment and less government control on private businesses.
landsat’s long record and spatial resolution make it ideal for mapping change in areas that are urbanizing rapidly, such as the pearl river delta. urban area growth dominates the later images in this landsat time series.
municipalities and special administrative regions of the pearl river delta
2022 estimated population



shenzhen
17,619,000


dongguan
10,646,000


zhongshan
4,072,000


jiangmen
1,583,000


huizhou
1,874,000


zhuhai
2,290,000


guangzhou and foshan
26,940,000


zhaoqing
791,000


hong kong
7,450,000


macau
717,000


total for the prd cities
73,982,000*



* for comparison, the population of tokyo is 37,732,000



pearl-qatar 
cities, coasts, deserts            
artificial islands, islands, land creation, land reclamation, pearl diving, pearls, urban growth            
the pearl-qatar is 32 kilometers of new…            

25.2853
51.53
 
doha, qatar 
off            
3280            
the pearl-qatar is 32 kilometers of new coastline extending into the persian gulf. it is so named because doha began as a pearl fishing village in the 1800s. the pearl-qatar is built on one of the country’s historical pearl diving sites.
construction of the pearl-qatar began in 2004. once completed, it will contain over 19,000 residences that will include townhouses, luxury apartments, beachfront homes, luxury hotels, shopping, fine dining, marinas, and entertainment.
the string of nine artificial islands to the east is called isola dana. these private islands each have a personal beach and protected harbor for yachts.



pelon 
forests, wildlife            
migration, monarch butterflies, oyamel            
these close-ups show another core zone area of…            

19.516
-100.2067
 
monarch butterflies, mexico 
off            
3447            
these close-ups show another core zone area of the reserve called pelon. forest disturbance is most visible in the 2000 image. later landsat images reveal some red filling in in this area. in the landsat imagery, red indicates any actively growing vegetation, so it may not be the tall trees of oyamel forest recovering yet. the global forest change data do reveal some blue pixels in the pelon site, so there is potentially some recent recovery occurring.
the northern side of this site had been stripped of several historical colony sites by the time of the 2000 landsat image. the global forest change data don’t show some of this area as forest loss because that study uses landsat data from 2000 to 2013, so the areas that are black were already non-forest by 2000.



penrith lakes 
cities, coasts            
lakes, olympics, urban growth            
a feature west of sydney changes shape and…            

-33.852
151.2105
 
sydney, australia 
off            
3176            
a feature west of sydney changes shape and color throughout these four images, indicating constant change in that location. this area, which covers about 1,935 hectares, is the penrith lakes mining and reclamation project.
located on the floodplain of the nepean river, penrith lakes is the largest sand and gravel quarry in australia. eventually, quarrying activities will end and the entire site will be completely turned into parkland and lakes. three main recreation lakes are planned, and the northern lake will be a wildlife sanctuary. during the first stage of the reclamation, the southern part of the area was turned into the kayaking and rowing venue for the 2000 summer olympic games.



petermann glacier, greenland 
glaciers, water            
calving, ice shelves, icebergs, rifts, sea level rise, solstice            
petermann glacier made headline news in 2010…            

80.93
-61.2577
 
petermann glacier, greenland 
on            
3088            
petermann glacier made headline news in 2010 and again in 2012 when large pieces broke off the end of the glacier and floated out to sea. located on the northwestern coast of greenland, petermann glacier covers 1,295 square kilometers. its floating ice tongue is 15–20 kilometers wide and 70 kilometers long—the longest floating glacier in the northern hemisphere.
a glacier is made up of fallen snow that has been compressed into a large thickened ice mass over many thousands of years. tidewater glaciers flow like very slow rivers to the ocean, and at the boundary between the glacier and the sea, ice breaks, or calves, from the end, creating icebergs.
this calving is normal, but it’s worth watching petermann and other greenland glaciers closely. petermann is one of the major marine-terminating glaciers of greenland. ice loss from the greenland ice sheet has increased recently. an article in nature concluded that climate change may cause petermann and other greenland glaciers to contribute to sea level rise. landsat helps glaciologists keep a close eye on this remote but significant glacier.



phnom penh, cambodia 
water            
canals, irrigation, population, rivers            
from 1975 to 1978, cambodia was ruled by the…            

11.5684
104.9312
 
phnom penh, cambodia 
on            
3147            
from 1975 to 1978, cambodia was ruled by the khmer rouge regime, which sought among other things to build a vast system of irrigation canals. these images show an area around cambodia's capital city of phnom penh where such waterworks were built. many areas east of the mekong river show a gridwork of canals by 1985.



phoenix, arizona, usa 
cities, deserts, water            
airports, canals, freeways, golf courses, lakes, population, reservoirs, stadium, streets, suburbs, urban growth, water use            
phoenix, arizona, and its suburbs are growing…            

33.4352
-112.0241
 
phoenix, arizona, usa 
on            
3055            
phoenix, arizona, and its suburbs are growing rapidly, both in population and area. landsat images show striking changes in the phoenix metropolitan area in only a few decades. the most noticeable change is residential areas spreading over agricultural fields, which are shown in the images as bright red squares and rectangles. but in other areas, the urban growth expands over what was once bare desert.
new residents and tourists are attracted to phoenix by the warm weather and abundant sunshine. phoenix has maintained rapid and sustained growth, and its location in a wide valley allows neighborhoods to be built with houses that can have a lot of space around them. from 1970 to 2023, the population of the phoenix metropolitan area grew by 422 percent.
phoenix doesn’t have many cloudy days, so it’s perfect for studying urban growth with satellite images. scientists and city planners study population growth and urban expansion in fast-growing cities like phoenix to determine the changes that have occurred over time and to see how those changes impact the surrounding environment, affect the availability of natural resources such as water, and alter the landscape and how it’s used. that information can help people plan for future changes as cities continue to grow.
population growth of greater phoenix




phosphate mines 
cities, mining            
karst, phosphate, reclamation, sinkholes            
the central phosphate region of florida has…            

28.527
-81.4118
 
orlando, florida, usa 
off            
3412            
the central phosphate region of florida has been strip mined since 1888. by the 1980s, it accounted for almost 30% of worldwide production, and almost three quarters of u.s. production. 93% of tampa bay's exports are phosphates. almost all mined phosphate goes into crop fertilizer. modern phosphate mining involves complete removal of the land—plants, animals, soil, water, even bedrock—and then its approximate reconstruction minus the phosphate.
the steps are as follows:

the area to be mined is first stripped of vegetation and the water table is lowered, typically by digging a deep trench around the area.
an enormous crane-like machine, dragging a giant bucket, strips away the 20–50 feet of soil and stacks it nearby in an already-mined area. then the dragline scoops the exposed phosphate ore, mixed with sand and clay, into a pit.
the ore in the pit is blasted by high-pressure water jets into a milkshake-like slurry.
this slurry is pumped by pipeline to a processing plant that separates the sand, clay, and phosphate ore. the phosphate ore is shipped to another plant that processes it into fertilizer.

this process creates several byproducts besides fertilizer. topsoil lies stacked by the mine. sand has been separated from the phosphate ore and pumped back from the processing plant to the mine where it is used to restore the site when mining is complete. fine-grained clay has also been separated and is more troublesome since it stays mixed with the slurry water and swells to three times its original size. finally, every pound of manufactured fertilizer also creates five pounds of phosphogypsum waste.
since 1975, state law has required mining companies to reassemble these byproducts back into a reclaimed semblance of the pre-mined landscape. this means bulldozing the piles of topsoil and sand into gentle slopes and replanting them with vegetation sufficient to hold a 25-year downpour as well as the pre-mined land could. sometimes part of the clay is mixed with this bulldozed sand, but most clay gets pumped into settlement ponds, where over several decades it consolidates to an acceptable density, though still more swollen than before mining. many of the water bodies visible in the landsat images are settlement ponds. these aboveground ponds are contained by earthen walls that have occasionally burst, releasing billions of gallons of waste water, threatening water quality and human lives.
a more stubborn problem is the phosphogypsum. this byproduct of fertilizer manufacture is too low-grade to be used like mined gypsum in products such as wallboard. it is also acidic and contains low levels of carcinogens like radon. it is kept out of reclamation and piled in massive "gypsum stacks" up to 200 feet high. possible uses for the phosphogypsum such as roadbuilding have been stymied by toxicity concerns. even establishing plant cover on the stacks has been challenging.
meanwhile, the stacks grow rapidly. recent regulations require liners under new stacks, but in 1994 an existing stack of 80 million tons was struck by that old karstic hazard, a sinkhole. fifteen stories deep, it dumped millions of cubic feet of water and gypsum into the aquifer.
you can see in these images the expansion of the mined area, its southward shift, and the progress of individual mines through the mining process. look for this progression: lush vegetation (red), then perhaps bare earth (bright), then ponds (black if deep and clear, brighter blue if shallow and/or full of sediment), and finally reclaimed vegetation (red if lush, pink if not).



picking calibration sites 
agriculture, deserts            
calibration            
engineers use test sites around the world to…            

22.57
28.52 
 
sharq el owainat, egypt 
off            
3096            
engineers use test sites around the world to make sure landsat imagery is consistent and accurate. these calibration test sites are regions on the earth that remain stable over long periods of time. they do not change year to year or season to season. they are typically deserts or dry lakebeds with very low humidity, low atmospheric changes, and little to no human intervention.
these sites are described as pseudo-invariant. they are not completely invariant because no site can be perfectly stable over time and varies to some degree. so engineers refer to the sites as pseudo-invariant calibration sites, or pics.
the idea of studying these test sites is simple. engineers look at a spot of land that is expected to remain consistent. the reflectance at different wavelengths of light in the landsat data should stay stable. when changes occur in these reflectance values, it may mean the sensor’s response has shifted.
examples of other test sites are the remote desert sands of libya, the railroad valley playa lakebed in nevada, and even the straight bridge that crosses lake pontchartrain, louisiana. (the span of the bridge happens to be nearly aligned with the landsat ground track.)



pinning points 
glaciers, water            
calving, ice, icebergs, moraine, terminus, tidewater glacier            
air temperature increases can bring about long…            

61.0776
-147.0735
 
columbia glacier, alaska, usa 
off            
3245            
air temperature increases can bring about long-term loss of ice mass from a tidewater glacier. an increase of less than 2 degrees celsius over the mean annual air temperature is all it takes to trigger glacial retreat. in fact, alaska has seen an increase in mean annual air temperature of 1.7 degrees celsius over the past 60 years. but once a glacier has begun retreating, temperature alone does not have as much influence on its behavior. the topography of the valley the glacier is in affects it much more.
for example, the pace of columbia’s retreat has been uneven. its retreat slowed between 2000 and 2006 because it reached a narrow spot in its valley. this spot between great nunatak peak and kadin peak constricted the glacier’s movement. known as a pinning point, this topographic constriction is a place where the glacier’s trough becomes either too narrow or too shallow to continue moving at the previous rate. a pinning point can be a location of enhanced stability for the glacier.
if a glacier retreats from a pinning point, it will retreat until it reaches another pinning point upstream. a glacier that remains at a pinning point for a longer time may build another moraine.
calving is also affected by the topography of the glacier’s valley, and calving rates increase in deeper water. researchers found that as columbia continues to retreat, it will reach water that is shallow enough to provide a stable position within a few years and remain stable through 2100. in this shallower water, iceberg production will be slowed.



pit lakes 
mining            
aerial photos, iron ore, lakes, open pit, pit lakes            
at the western end of the mesabi range is…            

47.5372
-92.6477
 
mesabi range, minnesota, usa 
off            
3433            
at the western end of the mesabi range is another consequence of the mining industry. once mining operations halted in some parts of the range, the deep open pits that were created were left to fill with rainwater and groundwater inflow. one of these lakes is the canisteo pit lake.
at about 4.8 miles long and 0.5 mile wide, it’s about the same size as trout lake to the south, a natural lake. the canisteo pit is actually a complex of 19 inactive mine pits. the lake is now an average of 100 feet deep, with its deepest point a remarkable 300 feet. (for comparison, the deepest point in mille lacs lake, minnesota’s second largest lake, is about 40 feet.)
the filling of this pit lake concerns residents of the adjacent small towns. without some kind of intervention, these towns could eventually flood. the current temporary solution is a drain tile system to carry groundwater leaving the pit toward trout lake.
the hill annex mine pit lake is also in this scene, just east of canisteo pit lake. this lake is also very deep. hill annex mine state park is located on the lake’s shores.
the usgs aerial image shows the open pit mines that are now canisteo pit lake. the towns of coleraine and bovey sit between these mines and trout lake.



pit production 
deserts, mining            
copper, open pit            
production in the escondida mine in…            

-24.2713
-69.0707
 
escondida mine, chile 
off            
3286            
production in the escondida mine in chile’s northern atacama desert began in 1990. total mined copper production through 2014 was 22 million tons, 21% of all copper mined in chile.
it’s easy in these landsat images to see the extent to which the open-pit mining operation is expanding. but it’s harder to appreciate how deep the pits are. the main pit at escondida is 645 meters deep. if you could stack two eiffel towers inside the pit, the top one would just barely peek over the edge.



plant and wildlife 
fires, forests            
fire scars            
wyperfeld national park now covers 360,000…            

-35.6200
141.5000
 
wyperfeld national park, australia 
off            
3268            
wyperfeld national park now covers 360,000 hectares, with its western half an official wilderness. the park is habitat for black-faced mallee kangaroo, desert hopping mice, 50 species of lizards and snakes, and 250 species of birds including parrots and eagles. mallee fowl, a rare mound-nesting species almost extinct by the 1950s, also live in wyperfeld’s vast shrubland.
much of the park’s vegetation is mallee, a type of shrubland dominated by several sparse, tall varieties of eucalyptus. these eucalyptus have large underground tubers which sprout several stems after a fire, giving the mallee its distinctive look. the vegetation ranges in structure from short heath to tall, open woodlands but is commonly a thick, impenetrable scrub forest. areas along the river are dominated by river red gum trees, which grow in the wetter soil there, and by black box trees, which grow in the slightly drier soil. these trees act as a natural record of floods, since they germinate in wet soil. the park also has stone-forming fungi, whose rootlike feeding-threads cement the sandy soil particles into underground “stones” of up to 20 pounds. these stones incorporate black rings of ash, forming a natural archive of fires.



point bars 
water            
cutoffs, erosion, rivers, sediment            
the mamoré river carries sediment from the…            

-14.9236
-64.9855
 
mamoré river, bolivia 
off            
3422            
the mamoré river carries sediment from the rapidly eroding bolivian andes. the steep terrain coupled with high river discharge in the andes causes a high degree of soil erosion.
the high sediment load encourages the growth of point bars, which are seen in these landsat images as the lighter colored areas along the inside bends of the river. these sandy areas are mostly vegetation-free. point bars increase the erosion on the opposite side of the river, causing it to further push the river’s course off to the side.
these close-up images show a location on the mamoré river where several point bars have formed. at the top of these images, this action created a cutoff. point bars tend to increase the rate of cutoff formation. and the bends that have more sediment (pink) move more than the bends that have less.
view this animation to really see this process in action.



ponds 
deserts, energy, mining            
dry lakes, evaporation, evaporation ponds, lithium, salt, salt flat            
salar de atacama in northern chile is a salt…            

-23.5729
-68.3827
 
salar de atacama, chile 
off            
3386            
salar de atacama in northern chile is a salt flat and major source of lithium. while some dry lakebeds have occasional inundations that partially dissolve the surface crusts, the center of salar de atacama is continually dry, so its surface is rough.
landsat images show an increasing number of evaporation ponds sprawling across the salt flat. large amounts of lithium-rich brine are pumped to the surface from up to 30 meters below the saline crust. canals bring the brine to ponds for efficient evaporation in this dry, windy place. potassium chloride, potassium sulphate, boric acid, magnesium chloride, and lithium chloride are left behind. the lithium chloride is treated with sodium carbonate to produce lithium carbonate, the primary ingredient in lithium-ion batteries.
the lithium concentration in the salar de atacama is the highest in the world. that, along with the fast evaporation rate, means the region has the planet’s largest deposit of economically recoverable lithium. salar de atacama has an estimated lithium content of 6.3 million tons.



population change 
water            
population, rivers            
phnom penh is the largest city along the…            

11.5684
104.9312
 
phnom penh, cambodia 
off            
3148            
phnom penh is the largest city along the mekong river. its population fluctuated wildly during the 1970s and 1980s; the population of 1.2 million in 1971 swelled with war refugees to 2 million or more by 1975, when it was evacuated to almost nothing by the victorious khmer rouge communists. from 1978 (the last year of the khmer rouge regime) to 1987, phnom penh's population is estimated to have grown from about 50,000 to 700,000 people. the 2022 population was over 2.4 million.
a note on terms: phnom penh is pronounced p-nom pen. phnom means "hill" or "mountain" in khmer; penh is a woman's name. more than 90% of cambodians are ethnic khmer, and khmer is the national language. cambodia has also been known as kampuchea.



populations 
deserts, water, wetlands            
lakes, water use            
about 76 million people live within 500…            

37.5653
45.449
 
lake urmia, iran 
off            
3364            
about 76 million people live within 500 kilometers (310 miles) of lake urmia. residents of the region fear that what has happened to the aral sea is happening to lake urmia. the almost complete loss of the aral sea has had serious economic and environmental consequences. the population near lake urmia is denser, so more people are at risk.
the city of urmia is the gray patch in the lower left of these images. agricultural fields spread out to the north and east of the city. the oval shape on the east side of the lake is an extinct volcano. this feature was an island as recently as 1998. a causeway and bridge completed in 2008 connects the oval and the western shore. construction of the causeway began in 1979, was abandoned, and then started again in the early 2000s.



powder river basin, wyoming, usa 
energy, mining            
coal, oil, open pits, overburden, reclamation            
every day, 100 empty trains enter wyoming.…            

43.59
-105.29
 
powder river basin, wyoming, usa 
on            
3235            
every day, 100 empty trains enter wyoming. they leave fully loaded with coal. the united states has the largest coal reserves in the world, and much of it lies in the powder river basin (prb) in wyoming and montana. the prb, which lies between the black hills in south dakota and the bighorn mountains in wyoming, produced 43% of the nation’s coal in 2019.
according to a study by the u.s. geological survey, the prb contains 25 billion tons of economically recoverable coal. this does not mean it’s all mineable. the amount of economically recoverable coal can change based on mining costs and coal prices, which change based on market conditions. nevertheless, the region has a lot of coal that is very accessible.
the black thunder mine and the north antelope rochelle complex are two of the largest open-pit mines in the prb. they lie within the thunder basin national grassland. these mines have been expanding over the past few decades, and the land change is evident in this time series of landsat images.



power generation 
dams, energy, water            
hydropower, reservoirs, rivers, water use            
the main purpose of the gerd is power…            

11.215
35.092
 
grand ethiopian renaissance dam, ethiopia 
off            
3505            
the main purpose of the gerd is power generation, and its 13 turbines are expected to produce about 16,000 gwh of electricity annually. that will double ethiopia’s previous output of electricity and provide power to 60% of the country’s population.
recent years have provided ample rainfall in the region to fill the reservoir. but what happens during a severe drought?
even a gradual filling of the reservoir may lead to a reduction in water supply downstream, potentially affecting hydropower generation and irrigation. however, water stored in the gerd reservoir can mitigate the impacts of drought once it’s fully operational. such water releases also generate more power.
besides power generation, the gerd will help regulate seasonal flooding, preventing destructive floods during heavy rains. and the reservoir will provide a steady supply of irrigation water for the downstream countries of sudan and egypt.
finding the right balance between power generation and water use downstream is the main challenge for the countries that rely on the nile river system.



process 
deserts, energy, mining            
dry lakes, evaporation, evaporation ponds, lithium, salt, salt flat            
rectangular shapes cover the salar de atacama…            

-23.5729
-68.3827
 
salar de atacama, chile 
off            
3389            
rectangular shapes cover the salar de atacama in northern chile, a major source of lithium. landsat images show evaporation ponds expanding over time.
lithium-rich brine, which at first looks like dirty slush, is pumped to the surface and sent via canals to these evaporation ponds. the dry, windy climate makes for efficient evaporation and leaves behind concentrated salts, from which lithium can be extracted.
the ponds, which are about 10 feet deep, vary in color in the images because of varying amounts of salts in the water. the brighter ponds contain more concentrated salts. the deep blue ponds indicate more water content.
the lithium is reduced to a concentrate and then shipped by tanker truck to a refinery on the coast in salar del carmen. from there, it’s on to the rechargeable battery you depend on to power your smartphone.



pu‘u ‘ō‘ō 
coasts, natural disasters            
eruption, fissure, island, lava, lava flow, volcano            
the 2018 eruption was part of an ongoing…            

19.388
-155.106
 
kīlauea, hawaii, usa 
off            
3165            
the 2018 eruption was part of an ongoing eruption sequence that started on january 3, 1983, with fissures breaking out along the east rift zone.
over the next 3 years, constant fountaining from one vent built a cone named pu‘u ‘ō‘ō. eruptive activity continued from this vent until 2018, the longest east rift zone eruption ever recorded.
landsat images show the area around pu‘u ‘ō‘ō. the 2018 lava flow emerged farther along the east rift zone to the northeast.



pumping station 
agriculture, deserts, water            
irrigation, lakes, water use            
as part of the toshka project, a pumping…            

23.0772
31.2588
 
toshka project, egypt 
off            
3187            
as part of the toshka project, a pumping station sends water from lake nasser to irrigated fields in the toshka basin. the mubarak pumping station has a discharge capacity of 1.2 million cubic meters per hour through the sheikh zayed canal.
the pump house is like an island. its 24 vertical pumps are arranged in two parallel lines. the intake channel is 50 meters deep, the deepest inland channel ever built. this innovative engineering marvel is even earthquake-proof.
about 138 kilometers of canals carry the nile water from the pumping station in lake nasser to irrigated fields west of the reservoir. by the 2013 image, the sheikh zayed canal makes a clearly visible line to the northwest from the bay where the pumping station sits.



pune, india 
cities            
impervious surface, population, streamflow, urban growth, urban heat island            
a fast-growing city in india is a study area…            

18.509
73.857
 
pune, india 
on            
3393            
a fast-growing city in india is a study area for urban impervious surface and the urban heat island effect. located in western india about 120 kilometers southeast of the coastal city mumbai, pune is known as an educational and industrial center. its population has grown from 450,000 in 1950 to nearly 8 million in 2021. people from rural areas are migrating to the city for better employment opportunities. the education and industrial sectors are also attracting people to pune from other countries.
false-color landsat images show the steady expansion of the pune metropolitan area. forests cover higher elevation land, shown in bright green mostly to the west. dull colors are shrubland and grassland, which occupy the lower elevations. however, urban land—the lavender and purple hues—has been expanding over grasslands, barren, and agricultural land.
pune’s proximity to mumbai is also leading to its growth. the mumbai–pune expressway has reduced travel time between the two cities, so pune has become a destination for those looking for housing away from mumbai.
west of pune is the western ghats mountain range, a relatively low range of forested mountains. one of the peaks west of pune reaches just over 1,220 meters (4,000 feet) of elevation. rivers flow out of the mountain range toward the east—reservoirs along the rivers store water for the populations downstream. the mula river and the mutha river meet in pune to form the mula-mutha river as it flows toward the east.
in such a large city as pune where the population is growing and those built-up surfaces are expanding so rapidly, the associated effects of streamflow changes and the urban heat island effect need to be measured and monitored.



racing stripes 
glaciers, water            
ice, moraines, snow            
glaciers move slowly, but bear glacier seems…            

59.9569
-149.5823
 
bear glacier, alaska, usa 
off            
3223            
glaciers move slowly, but bear glacier seems to have racing stripes. glaciers pick up dirt and debris from the rocks they pass. they deposit that material in accumulations called moraines. a lateral moraine is the material on the sides of a glacier.
two glaciers flowing together form a medial moraine in the middle where they join and show up as those dark stripes. when a glacier has a medial moraine, it’s made up of more than one ice flow.



randolph air force base 
cities            
airports, population, urban growth            
randolph air force base is visible as two…            

29.4241
-98.4926
 
san antonio, texas, usa 
off            
3369            
randolph air force base is visible as two white strips northeast of the city. the base’s streets were laid out in a series of concentric circles, with the runways along the east and west sides. this pattern can be seen in the series of landsat images. randolph field was dedicated on june 20, 1930, so there is not much change to see to the base itself. what changes is the amount of residential buildup surrounding the base, development creeping in from the southwest and spilling over the north side of the base.
street patterns in residential areas are clearer in some images than in others. as trees in these neighborhoods mature, they begin to cover the streets, so you will see this progression in these images.



rapid suburban expansion 
cities            
lakes, suburbs, urban growth            
over the last few decades, dallas’ urban/…            

32.8975
-97.0409
 
dallas, texas, usa 
off            
3257            
over the last few decades, dallas’ urban/suburban areas have expanded rapidly by consuming arable land in the countryside. the city is expanding in almost every direction. these images show the northeastern suburbs of plano, allen, and mckinney. the lake on the east side of the images is lavon lake.



rare clear views 
coasts, water            
clouds, islands, karman vortex street            
april 19, 2009, could have been a rare clear…            

-33.7550
-80.8000
 
selkirk island, chile 
off            
3351            
april 19, 2009, could have been a rare clear view of the island, but some of the data are missing because of landsat 7’s scan line corrector (slc) malfunction of may 2003. landsat 8, which launched in february 2013, has been more fortunate in its relatively short time in orbit to capture at least three clear views of the island: on march 8, 2014, march 11, 2015, and january 11, 2017. those three images look about the same except for subtle changes to the mountain shadows caused by a different sun angle at different times of year.



rates of decline 
water            
evaporation, evaporation ponds, rivers, salt, salt pan, salt ponds, saltwater, sea, sea level, water use            
the dead sea is fed mainly by the jordan river…            

31.4089
35.4809 
 
dead sea, israel, jordan, west bank 
off            
3117            
the dead sea is fed mainly by the jordan river, which enters from the north. because of irrigation projects and other water needs upstream, the level of the dead sea has been falling.
much less water now enters the sea from the jordan river. the river once brought 1.3 billion cubic meters of fresh water every year into the sea. now it brings only about 100 million cubic meters, most of it containing agricultural runoff and sewage. these water uses have a bigger impact on dead sea levels than rainfall, which only amounts to an average of about 50 millimeters annually.
over the past 50 years, the level of the dead sea has dropped by 45 meters, and the rate of decline is increasing. from 1930 to 1973, the sea declined 17 centimeters per year. from 1974 to 1979, it dropped 62 centimeters per year, and from 1981 to 1990, 79 centimeters per year. from 1994 to 2001, the sea declined 100 centimeters per year. a 2018 report by israel’s ministry of environmental protection notes a rate of decline of 1.2 meters per year.
as the water level continues to drop, the water only gets saltier. there is even a layer of salt coating the lake bottom, which has been growing about 10 centimeters thicker every year.
to make matters worse, as the water retreats, sinkholes form in the salty seabed that is left behind. studies have inventoried the sinkholes along the coast of the dead sea and found that the sinkholes are increasing in number, making development on this land hazardous.



rbv data 
glaciers, mountains            
film, resolution, sensors            
roughly 138,000 images were taken by the rbv…            
  
landsat’s return beam vidicon 
off            
3407            
roughly 138,000 images were taken by the rbv on landsat 3. the data were recorded to 70-mm black and white film rolls at the nasa goddard space flight center and delivered to eros. this film, stored either on 70-mm film or in envelopes on film “chips,” is part of the eros archive, and it’s the only copy.
only 64 of those images have been scanned from their film source for immediate download via earthexplorer (look under landsat legacy in the data sets tab). the rest of them are there and you can find their locations, but the film would have to be scanned before you can download a high-resolution version.
if a scene has not been already scanned, users can place an order to scan the film for $30 per scene. once it’s scanned and a high-resolution digital version made available for download, it’s freely available worldwide. but as noted, any of these images have a decent chance of having geometric distortions.



rbv's beginnings 
glaciers, mountains            
resolution, sensors            
landsat’s rbv had an inauspicious beginning.…            

36.135
-115.27
 
landsat’s return beam vidicon 
off            
3405            
landsat’s rbv had an inauspicious beginning. it rode into orbit on landsat 1 on july 23, 1972. during orbit 196, just 14 days later, a relay in the power switching module of the spacecraft got stuck in a permanently “on” state.
the problem could have been fixed with a difficult command sequence, but the other sensor on landsat 1, the mss, was already showing its excellent performance and became the favored sensor for its capability to acquire near-infrared data. so the rbv on landsat 1 was not reactivated. in the short time it operated, it recorded 1,692 images.
the rbv camera that flew on board landsat 3 was redesigned and given a slightly different mission. this rbv had a spatial resolution higher than the mss, 40 meters, to add a new dimension to the mss’s multispectral coverage. the higher detail could be used for detailed ground mapping. the landsat 3 rbv acquired many thousands more images than either one on board landsats 1 and 2. the rbv imagery is scattered across the globe, and all of it resides in the eros archive.



rbv's problems 
glaciers, mountains            
ice, resolution, sensors, snow            
because of rbv’s higher spatial resolution…            

-4.7
-49.01667
 
landsat’s return beam vidicon 
off            
3406            
because of rbv’s higher spatial resolution than mss, glaciologists were able to use the rbv imagery for spotting more detail. “if you want to look at the ice front, you want to get as sharp a picture as you can,” john dwyer, chief of the eros science and applications branch, said. “they could map crevasses and their displacement and movement over time and map the surface velocity. once you straighten out the geometry of the image, the rbv can still be useful.”
yes, the geometry of an rbv image had to be “straightened out.” it turns out there are a few problems inherent in the rbv data.
the rbv was more like a television camera than a sensor, but television pictures tended to distort the image. researchers using satellite imagery want the image to resemble an accurate map. they expect straight lines for latitude and longitude, for example. rbv images, however, were more like maps printed on a rubber sheet. they were easily stretched out of shape, distorting those imaginary latitude and longitude lines. these distortions could be corrected, but that would have increased processing time and cost.
furthermore, when imaging over antarctica, rbv tended to go snow blind. areas of high reflectance, like snow and ice, could be overexposed. therefore, cloud cover and snow cover were easily confused.
because rbv’s main purpose was mapping the earth, the imagery included a reseau grid. no other landsat sensors contain reseau marks. these plus signs on the images are used to correct distortions in the image after development or scanning. as john faundeen, archivist at eros, put it, the reseau marks allowed you to “tie the imagery to the earth to verify the accuracy.”
in all, there were officially 11 inherent problems with rbv data. other problems include corners out of focus, occasional black vertical lines, and missing or distorted reseaus. these problems are detailed in a 1981 usgs open-file report.
the rbv image shown in this section is in brazil and shows a stairstep anomaly on the right side of the image. this stairstep phenomenon appears in several rbv images.



re-greening 
cities, deserts            
near-infrared, sand dunes, urban growth            
nouakchott is surrounded by a succession of…            

18.07
-15.97
 
nouakchott, mauritania 
off            
3217            
nouakchott is surrounded by a succession of sand dune belts, some of which are highly mobile and can reach 20 m high.
north and east of the city, a green belt was established between 1975 and 1990. various trees and grasses were planted to curb sand encroachment. evidence of this effort is seen in landsat images, where the green belt actually appears red. landsat’s ability to see various infrared wavelengths of light allows us to more easily differentiate actively growing vegetation from the urban areas and open desert. this vegetation appears red in these images because of landsat’s near-infrared imaging capability, which reveals actively growing vegetation.
this green belt has changed recently because of the city’s expansion. from 2000–2007, a new project extended the plantings around the city. during this project, 800 ha of inland dunes were stabilized with various trees and grasses.



reactor number 4 
agriculture            
accident, nuclear power plant, nuclear reactor            
a closer look at the site of the power plant…            

51.2619
30.2360
 
chernobyl, ukraine 
off            
3231            
a closer look at the site of the power plant in the 1986 image shows a red spot near the location of reactor number 4. the high brightness of those pixels indicates a high temperature heat source. this heat source and darkened strip that extends to the west indicate an explosion, with the reactor still emitting high heat three days later.



reclaiming the land  
forests, mining            
coal, reclamation, strip mining            
since their start in the 1950s, the mines have…            

39.8967
-81.9757
 
muskingum mines, ohio, usa 
off            
3460            
since their start in the 1950s, the mines have moved, following the coal deposits. in the zoomed-in 1973 image, the mines appear in the northern part of the image. in the rest of the sequence of images, the mines shift and change shape, generally moving south.
federal law requires the restoration of mined lands to their approximate original contours. it also requires that reclaimed land support either the same or better land uses than it supported before mining. to meet this requirement the muskingum mines, as well as other mines, are replanted to grassland, for agricultural use. the mining company replaces the topsoil, grades the soil, and applies grass seed and mulch.
the mining company also planted some of this land to forest. as part of the voluntary climate challenge program, the american electric power company planted millions of trees on company-owned grassland. these new forests decrease the carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, control erosion, and provide habitat for wildlife.
in the landsat images, much of the reclaimed land is distinguishable from the surrounding forest. generally, bright pink is new mined land. as land is reclaimed, it turns darker and then becomes green as the vegetation returns.



reclamation 
mining, mountains            
coal, mountaintop removal, overburden, reclamation, valleys            
the surface mining control and reclamation act…            

38.07
-81.94
 
mountaintop mining, west virginia, usa 
off            
3451            
the surface mining control and reclamation act of 1977 requires that mined lands be restored to an acceptable land cover. these images show some of the landscape returning to green after mining operations have moved on. but the contours of the land are not exactly the same as they were before mining started.
rock debris from the removal of overburden cannot be piled as high or graded as steeply as the original mountaintop. the topography ends up being leveled—the mountains are lowered and valleys raised.
to avoid erosion during the reclamation process, soils are heavily compacted and then planted with fast-growing grasses. trees are sometimes planted as well but do not grow back as quickly in this environment. those grasses appear in these images as faded green or mottled with pink, compared to the bright green of the pre-mining dense forest.
in this type of landscape, more precipitation becomes runoff than it would be in a forest. furthermore, species diversity can lag behind natural forests, even decades later. the sentinel-2 close-up makes that clear. a mined area on the left side of the image has returned to green after it was bright pink starting in 1986 in the landsat imagery. but the shade of green is not yet the same dark green as intact forest.



reclamation 
forests, mining, natural disasters            
bitumen, boreal forest, oil, oil sands, open pits, overburden, reclamation, tailings ponds            
in the athabasca oil sands region of …            

56.978
-111.46
 
athabasca oil sands, alberta, canada 
off            
3204            
in the athabasca oil sands region of northwestern alberta, canada, mining companies are required to restore the disturbed land to be at least as productive as it was before it was mined. overburden that was removed for surface mining is replaced on top of the sand and sediment layer. mining companies must ensure the overburden is not contaminated during the storage period.
native species are then planted, such as white spruce, aspen, dogwood, and blueberry.
for example, a location called wapisiw lookout was a tailings pond from 1967 to 1997. the image series shows it later filled in by 2009, and then green by 2011.
data from landsat satellites continue to monitor the mining and reclamation of the athabasca region. its frequent repeat cycle ensures that the land can be observed as it changes.



reflectivity of water  
coasts, water            
clouds, islands, karman vortex street            
have you noticed that in these images, clouds…            

-33.7550
-80.8000
 
selkirk island, chile 
off            
3353            
have you noticed that in these images, clouds look white but the ocean looks black? both are made of the same substance, water—why would they appear as opposite colors?
landsat satellites see solar energy that reflects off the earth (or atmosphere) and back to the satellite. when light hits water, whether ocean or cloud droplet, most of the light reflects at the same angle it came in, like a basketball bounce-pass. calm water lets the light bounce away, like a mirror, so little light reflects toward the satellite; the ocean looks dark. but a cloud’s millions of droplets bounce the light around like pinballs, so some light always scatters toward the satellite; therefore, the cloud looks bright. this is the same reason a choppy ocean with whitecaps looks brighter than a calm ocean.



reservoirs 
cities            
lakes, reservoirs, urban growth            
calaveras lake and victor braunig lake are…            

29.4241
-98.4936
 
san antonio, texas, usa 
off            
3371            
calaveras lake and victor braunig lake are artificial lakes that provide cooling water for nearby power plants. the lakes are also popular fishing and boating destinations. two of the power plants can be seen in the images, in the crooks of the two larger lakes (calaveras is on the right).
by contrast, mitchell lake, west of braunig lake, is a natural lake. the shallow lake is on a migratory bird route and is used by over 300 species as a resting point. because it is shallower than braunig lake and calaveras lake (average depth less than 8 feet), mitchell lake appears slightly blue in some images.
you’ll also notice a major change just west of mitchell lake between the 2002 and 2013 images. the smattering of white along the western edge of the 2013 image is toyota motor manufacturing texas, a manufacturing plant for toyota pickup trucks. the plant began operations in 2006.



residential lakes 
agriculture, cities, mining, water, wetlands            
hydrology, lakes, national park, population, urban growth            
a lot of the urban area consists of large…            

25.95
-80.65
 
the everglades and miami, florida, usa 
off            
3440            
a lot of the urban area consists of large planned communities, often for retirees. many of these communities incorporate artificial residential lakes. digging out these lakes provided construction fill for roads and elevated low-lying land for development. the lakes also reduce the risk of urban flooding by capturing storm water runoff, and add aesthetic value.
comparing the images in this time series, the number of small water bodies increases substantially. the small dark shapes are scattered throughout the green shades that indicate residential areas, along with golf courses, which appear brighter green. the dark green in the lower left is the loxahatchee national wildlife refuge.



rifts 
glaciers            
ice shelves, icebergs, rifts            
ice shelves act as doorstops. they hold back…            

-71.639
-74.416
 
verdi ice shelf, antarctica 
off            
3315            
ice shelves act as doorstops. they hold back the glaciers that flow to the ocean and slow them down. even small ice shelves like verdi help regulate the volume of ice that glaciers deposit into the ocean.
evidence of ice shelf instability can be seen in landsat imagery. as ice shelves become thinner, rifts can form in the ice, a sign of structural weakening. in these images of verdi, the rifts range in length from 2 to 4 kilometers. the entire shelf width is only about 10 kilometers. landsats 8 and 9 can monitor antarctic ice shelves with enough frequency to see if these rifts expand. the size of these rifts along with their rapid development suggests that verdi is becoming increasingly unstable.
another characteristic of thinning seen in verdi is ice front retreat: the result of this retreat is the front boundary of the shelf bows inward toward the center. the verdi ice front retreated 1.5–2 kilometers from 1973 to 2001. it retreated another 2 kilometers by 2014.
all of this evidence points to the real possibility of verdi collapsing.



rivers and rain 
water            
rivers            
phnom penh lies just west of the four-river…            

11.5684
104.9312
 
phnom penh, cambodia 
off            
3149            
phnom penh lies just west of the four-river intersection called the chattomukh ("four faces"). from the northwest and northeast, respectively, flow the tonle sap and mekong rivers. these waters merge and split into the basak river and the mekong, which flow southeast to the south china sea.
the mekong river is the 12th longest in the world, flowing 4,200 km from western china to the mekong delta in southern vietnam. every autumn, monsoon rains are too great for the mekong to carry, and it floods a large area of cambodia. this flood even reverses the flow of the tonle sab river, northward to the tonle sap ("great lake"), which can expand to ten times its normal size.
this area receives 152 to 203 cm of rain annually, most of which falls during the southeast monsoons from mid-may to early october. landsat images are effective for quantifying changes in surface water. the pair of images from 1995 shows the dramatic effect the annual flooding can have.



riyadh, saudi arabia 
cities, deserts            
airports, center-pivot, irrigation, population, urban growth            
the modernization of saudi arabia has been a…            

24.7117
46.7242
 
riyadh, saudi arabia 
on            
3453            
the modernization of saudi arabia has been a recent and rapid phenomenon. here we see two aspects of this transformation: explosive urbanization and center-pivot irrigation. both are visible in and near riyadh from 1972 to 2023.
the growth of riyadh, the national capital, is dramatic. its population grew from about half a million in 1972 to over 7 million in 2022. saudi arabia experienced urbanization later than many other countries; in the early 1970s, its urban-rural ratio was still about 1:3. by 1990, that had reversed to about 3:1. the cities grew through in-migration from rural areas and from decreases in the death rate while the birth rate remained high. in the mid-1970s, riyadh’s population was increasing by about 10 percent a year.
the dark red squiggly line that winds through the western part of riyadh is called the wadi hanifa, or the hanifa valley. this natural water course drains an area of over 4,000 square kilometers. riyadh has been working to maintain the wadi hanifa as an environmental, recreational, and tourism resource.
located about 35 kilometers north of riyadh, king khalid international airport opened in 1983, so it only appears in the images after that date. the two parallel runways are each 4,200 meters long. the airport occupies about 225 square kilometers.



rondônia, brazil 
deforestation, forests            
logging, rain forest            
the conversion of tropical rain forests to…            

-10.0384
-63.3715
 
rondônia, brazil 
on            
3160            
the conversion of tropical rain forests to pasture and cropland is having dramatic effects on the environment. particularly intense and rapid deforestation is taking place in the state of rondônia, brazil, part of which is shown in this series of landsat images.
about 30% (3,562,800 km2) of the world's tropical forests are in brazil. the estimated average deforestation rate from 1978 to 1988 was 15,000 km2 per year. in rondônia, 67,764 km2 of rain forest had been cleared through 2003—an area larger than the u.s. state of west virginia.
systematic cutting of forest vegetation starts along roads and then fans out to create the "feather" or "fishbone" pattern, which begins to show in the eastern half of the 1984 image.

area of rain forest cleared in rondônia


year
area cleared




1978
4,200 km2


1988
30,000 km2


1998
53,300 km2


2003
67,764 km2






rosso, mauritania 
deserts            
desertification, highway, irrigation, sand dunes            
the border area of mauritania and senegal in…            

16.5094
-15.8051
 
rosso, mauritania 
on            
3138            
the border area of mauritania and senegal in westernmost africa is an example of both expanding irrigation and desertification. the international border between mauritania and senegal is the senegal river, flowing westward and interrupting the arid lands to the north and south. the regional capital of southwestern mauritania is rosso, which is on the north bank of the river, and the town of richard toll ("richard's field" in the wolof language) is on the south bank. the effects of a highway, which connects the regional capital rosso to the national capital nouakchott, on the desert is seen in the close-up images.



sabah al ahmad sea city, kuwait 
cities, coasts, deserts            
beaches, breakwater, canals, estuary, lagoons, mangroves, marinas, marshland            
in southeastern kuwait, on the coast of the…            

28.66
48.388
 
sabah al ahmad sea city, kuwait 
on            
3390            
in southeastern kuwait, on the coast of the persian gulf, a fascinating transformation is underway. it looks kind of like what you always wished you could build when making sand castles at the beach—an intricate interconnected moat in the sand with perfect circulation to keep the water from becoming stagnant. only this is on a grander scale.
this is sabah al ahmad sea city, a city and marine ecosystem being built from scratch. rather than build artificial islands in the sea to extend the country’s coastline, this project brings the sea to the desert.
many kuwaitis aspire to waterside living, and sea city will provide such opportunities, effectively doubling the length of the country’s coastline. the project’s goal is for most residents to have direct access to a beach. planners want the city to be the seafront destination of choice for kuwait.
sea city is eventually planned for a population of 250,000 and will have 200 kilometers of beaches. the city will also have yachting marinas and retail centers. when finished, sea city will be about the size of manhattan.
to build the city, canals are excavated out of the salty marshland. the excavated sand is washed and then used to build up the land for residential development. in fact, the land is being built up above projected sea levels to protect people and property from flooding.
this view also shows an expanding agricultural area along the saudi arabian border. in addition, other residential developments crop up in the inland desert areas over time. just north of sea city is the al zour thermal power plant. this gas-fired power plant and desalination plant were completed in late 2016.
(black stripes run through some of the images because of the scan line corrector failure on landsat 7 in may 2003.)




salar de atacama, chile 
deserts, energy, mining            
alluvial fans, delta, dry lakes, evaporation, evaporation ponds, lithium, salt, salt flat            
if you like being connected to the world…            

-23.5729
-68.3827
 
salar de atacama, chile 
on            
3377            
if you like being connected to the world everywhere you go with a smartphone or other device, then you have a desolate salt flat in northern chile to thank.
the salt flat is the salar de atacama, one of the largest sources of lithium, a key ingredient in rechargeable batteries. the rectangular shapes in these landsat images indicate where lithium mining is taking place. the increasing use of smartphones, laptops, and electric cars that use lithium-ion batteries ensures an ever higher demand for the soft, silvery metal.
the salar is in chile’s atacama desert, probably the driest place on the planet. water leaves the salar only through evaporation, a process that leaves behind salts. the white color around the edge of the salt flat is clay and carbonate-rich material. the center of the salt flat consists of hard crusts of sodium chloride. under this crust are brines that contain large amounts of lithium, potassium, magnesium, and boron.
not completely devoid of a water source, the northern part of the basin is the san pedro river delta. the san pedro is an ephemeral stream, delivering small amounts of surface water to the basin from the north. the water originates from the andes mountains after infrequent storms. these flows form alluvial fans, visible around the fringes of the salt pan.
the scant vegetation appears red in these images, especially around springs at the northern edge of the salt flat. the salt flat itself covers about 3,000 square kilometers, almost the size of yosemite national park in california.




saloum river, senegal 
coasts, forests, water            
drought, estuaries, mangrove, rivers, tidal flats            
the estuaries of the saloum river, near the…            

14.0536
-16.2885
 
saloum river, senegal 
on            
3375            
the estuaries of the saloum river, near the coast in senegal, are surrounded by mangrove forest. these images show the forests dying between, turning from dark red to gray. the likely cause is a persistent drought, which may have increased the estuary’s salinity beyond the mangroves’ tolerance. however, there are recent indications of mangrove gain in the region.



salt and farming 
agriculture, deserts, water, wetlands            
irrigation, lakes, rivers, saltwater, water use            
lake urmia is a hypersaline lake. rivers carry…            

37.5653
45.449
 
lake urmia, iran 
off            
3365            
lake urmia is a hypersaline lake. rivers carry sediments and minerals to the lake, and as the lake water evaporates, the minerals remain. as a result, the salts in the lake become more concentrated and the water becomes increasingly more saline.
as the lake’s water recedes, the salty lakebed is exposed. light blue or pale shades fringe the lake’s shoreline in these images. these salt flats do not support agriculture, and this salty desert could cause windblown salt to damage nearby fields. a similar phenomenon is happening in the vicinity of the aral sea.
crops are grown near rivers that flow into lake urmia. green fields mark these river deltas, such as the ones shown southeast of the lake. with little precipitation in this region, farming depends on irrigation from the rivers. an increasing population is putting more pressure on water resources. much of the streamflow from these rivers no longer reaches the lake.



san antonio, texas, usa 
cities            
airports, highways, lakes, population, reservoirs, urban growth            
these images show the metropolitan area of san…            

29.4241
-98.4936
 
san antonio, texas, usa 
on            
3363            
these images show the metropolitan area of san antonio, texas. according to the u.s. census bureau, the population of the san antonio metropolitan area was 863,669 in 1970. by 1990, the population had grown to 1.41 million. that growth continued, with increases to 1.71 million in 2000, 2.14 million in 2010, and 2.60 million in 2021. the population change from 1990 to 2021 is an 84% increase, and in 2021, san antonio ranked 24th in the country in population.



san cristóbal volcano 
aquaculture, coasts, natural disasters, water            
volcanoes            
in the lower right corner of the main images,…            

13.008
-87.311
 
gulf of fonseca, honduras and nicaragua 
off            
3302            
in the lower right corner of the main images, you can see nicaragua’s san cristóbal volcano, which shows some activity in two of the images. ash can be seen in the 1987 and 2000 images thinly streaming from the summit. san cristóbal is nicaragua’s highest volcano—its summit is 1,745 meters above sea level. small to moderate eruptions have been reported since the 16th century.
you might also notice in the 2000 image another active volcano. telica is southeast of san cristóbal. the ash streaming from its peak is evidence of its recent activity.



san joaquin valley, california, usa 
agriculture            
evapotranspiration, irrigation, water use            
changes in land use, climate, and population…            

35.97
-119.67
 
san joaquin valley, california, usa 
on            
3274            
changes in land use, climate, and population demographics are placing unprecedented demands on water supplies in the united states. add frequent droughts to that list, and mapping water use in the western united states is becoming increasingly important.
california’s san joaquin valley is one of the world’s most productive agricultural regions. much of that productivity depends on the availability of water for irrigation. recent prolonged droughts in california have underscored the importance of accurately monitoring changes and trends in water use in order to make well-informed water management decisions.
landsat images show some change to the farmland in this valley over time. not visible is exactly how much water was used to irrigate those crops. that’s where evapotranspiration (et) comes into play.
et is the combined effect of evaporation from the soil and transpiration from plants. et is a major part of the hydrologic budget of a watershed. it varies with different climate, vegetation types, and land use.
with et estimates derived from satellite data, scientists at eros estimated how much water is being used to water crops. they used a computer model that incorporates landsat imagery, including the landsat 8 thermal band, along with climate data to estimate et for every landsat scene of the san joaquin valley from 1984 to 2014.
they then used the et results along with precipitation and runoff data to create maps that show water use in the valley over that 31-year time period. the maps show seasonal crop water use in millimeters with enough detail to show individual fields and reveal which crops are using the most, or least, water.



san juan river 
dams, water            
lakes, reservoirs, rivers            
farther upstream, the san juan river flows…            

36.9378
-111.4841
 
lake powell, utah and arizona, usa 
off            
3385            
farther upstream, the san juan river flows into the colorado river. in these narrower upstream portions of the rivers, more exposed riverbed appears in the later images.
follow the san juan river upstream. it noticeably shrinks by 2005, and it becomes less dark in 2018. shallower water has more sediment and that appears lighter.



san julian 
deforestation, forests            
rain forest, soybeans            
taking a closer look at the san julian…            

-17.221
-62.4529
 
santa cruz, bolivia 
off            
3158            
taking a closer look at the san julian settlements reveals the pattern of deforestation more clearly.
most of the settlers were from bolivia’s western highlands, and the rest were poor farmers from the santa cruz department. a prolonged drought in the 1980s followed by an economic crisis led to further migration to the san julian settlements. settlement was much slower than expected. so even though the satellite images show rapid expansion, growth was planned to be even more rapid.
the farmland is organized in a distinct pattern of nucleos. a nucleo is a square block of land, about 2,000 hectares in size. two to four hectares in the center are designated as communal land, where a deep well for water is located. some centers have school buildings, soccer fields, marketing centers, medical treatment posts, or cooperative stores. planners recognized the importance of soccer by making the cancha, or soccer field, a part of the nucleo center layout in each settlement.
the individual farm plots radiate outward from the central communal area and each covers just under 50 hectares. the major crops are maize, sunflowers, and soybeans. the nucleo pattern provides an area of concentrated social and economic interaction.



santa cruz, bolivia 
deforestation, forests            
rain forest, soybeans            
in the 1960s, san julian, bolivia, was nearly…            

-17.221
-62.4529
 
santa cruz, bolivia 
on            
3156            
in the 1960s, san julian, bolivia, was nearly inaccessible, located deep in the thick amazon forest. the few roads that existed were only passable during the dry season. the relatively flat lowlands make the region suited to farming. the land can be easily, and relatively cheaply, cleared with heavy machinery. the area also receives abundant rainfall and can support two growing seasons.
with financial help from international organizations, bolivia started a program to settle the area, to drive development and improve the economy. this development, however, has resulted in the deforestation of the rain forest. the san julian settlements are conspicuous in the upper left of these landsat images as one unique type of deforestation pattern.
other deforestation patterns emerge in the rest of the time series of images in the bolivian department called santa cruz. the region has transformed from dense forest into a grid-patterned expanse of agricultural lands. many of the fields are soybeans cultivated for export. prices have been good for soybeans, and they are relatively easy to grow.



santiago, chile 
cities            
population, suburbs, urban growth            
the rapid population growth of santiago, chile…            

-33.4600
-70.6600 
 
santiago, chile 
on            
3114            
the rapid population growth of santiago, chile’s capital, has brought a series of problems for the city, all of which were complicated by chile’s unusual geography.
one landsat image spans the breadth of this narrow country, from the pacific ocean to argentina. these images were taken near the end of the warm, dry summer; the mountains show only a dull red vegetation signature, and a fire appears in the 1989 image. but there are still patches of snow visible in the andes mountains, over 6,000 meters above sea level.
in contrast, the central valley, between the andes and the coastal range, shows a bright red signal from agriculture. rivers feed into a network of canals irrigating vineyards, fruits, and vegetables. this central valley is the heartland of chile and the home to 70–80% of its people.
with rapid industrialization after world war ii, chile’s population urbanized earlier than many other countries, already 68% urban by 1960, 81% by 1980, and 89% by 2010. santiago itself contains more than a third of all chileans, and its share of the country’s economic activity is even greater.
one result was some of the world’s worst air pollution. santiago’s view of the mountains was often blocked by smog trapped in the valley by the mountains themselves. the government imposed carless sunday mornings, regulation of the city’s 11,000 private buses, and other remedies. by the mid-1990s the air had improved.



seasonal changes 
glaciers, water            
ice shelves            
landsat 8 has a 16-day repeat cycle. that…            

80.93
-61.2577 
 
petermann glacier, greenland 
off            
3091            
landsat 8 has a 16-day repeat cycle. that means it images the same spot on the ground every 16 days. however, there is some overlap at the sides of the images, and that overlap increases at higher latitudes.
here in northern greenland, at about 81 degrees north latitude, the repeat cycle of landsat 8 is in reality much more frequent than every 16 days during spring, summer, and fall. displayed in this section are several clear images available from landsat 8 of petermann glacier from may 23 to september 19, 2014. as you can see by the acquisition dates, landsat visits this spot more frequently than every 16 days. this was especially true in august and september, 2014, when there were more non-cloudy days.
seasonal changes are noticeable in this image series. for example, the high cliffs on the west side of petermann glacier cast longer shadows in september than on june 24, close to the summer solstice.
the patterns in the ice also change throughout the year. the amount of ice in the water diminishes through september, and by the next may will be packed in again. on the ground, the amount of snow cover also decreases, but the ice fields remain. the snow cover does begin increasing again in the late september images indicating winter is returning. the later images are also darker as the sun approaches a lower angle in the sky as it gets closer to the autumnal equinox.




seasonal flooding 
water, wetlands            
floodplain, floods, river            
during the flood season, the delta can grow to…            

14.6515
-4.4040
 
inland delta of the niger river, mali 
off            
3181            
during the flood season, the delta can grow to 20,000 square kilometers (7,700 square miles). during the dry season, it can shrink to 3,900 square kilometers (1,500 square miles). the flatness of the delta region—it drops only 8 meters (26 feet) over its entire length—leads to this large spread of water.
in the images, dark blue to black areas represent open water. the water expands and then noticeably begins shrinking in december. any bright green, which is actively growing vegetation, also begins to diminish by late december. dark blotches in the june image are bare ground. and this is roughly what it will look like again the following june.
these 2014 images show a flood level that was close to average.



seasonal variations 
water, wetlands            
islands, lake, rain, river            
while the overall trend in this time series is…            

13.1
14.2800
 
lake chad, west africa 
off            
3361            
while the overall trend in this time series is a shrinking lake, the northern portion has some water in the later images, but it varies widely. water levels there remained below the 1900–2010 mean and far below what it was in the 1960s.
the region has a short rainy season, and changes in rainfall amounts can greatly affect the water supply. about 90% of the rain falls from june to september, but the lake doesn’t rise until november. this is the natural lag time of water flowing through the chari river system.
in this series of landsat images from 2017–2018, the water rises through february and then tapers off slowly for several months. so the rise in water levels actually occurs during the dry season.
water displays as dark blue, and wetlands are green. the brighter speckles are sand dune islands. landsat will continue to provide information about lake chad’s changes, its infrared imaging capability accurately delineating land, water, and wetland.



sedan crater 
deserts            
aerial photos, craters, declassified            
historical images from the usgs…            

37.0888
-116.0413
 
yucca flat, nevada, usa 
off            
3471            
historical images from the usgs eros archive show the changing cratered landscape. a 1952 aerial photo shows that nuclear testing had already begun. a declassified satellite image from 1965 shows a more heavily cratered landscape and reveals the largest of them.
a 104-kiloton nuclear device was detonated 635 feet underground on july 6, 1962. the explosion created a cavity that the surface soil collapsed into. the resulting crater, named sedan crater, is 1,280 feet wide and 320 feet deep.
sedan crater was not the result of a weapons test, but a part of operation plowshare, which explored the use of nuclear detonations for peaceful purposes. the idea was to use them in the construction of canals, harbors, quarries, or other projects requiring excavation. sedan was the second and largest plowshare experiment.
these tests went about as you would expect. a nuclear explosion could excavate a large amount of material pretty quickly, but the radiation left behind made it glaringly impractical.



selkirk island, chile 
coasts, water            
clouds, islands, karman vortex street            
in september 1999, engineers at eros were…            

-33.7550
-80.8000
 
selkirk island, chile 
on            
3342            
in september 1999, engineers at eros were reviewing landsat 7 sensor output. an image grabbed their attention. over selkirk island, about 500 miles off the coast of chile, they noticed an unusual cloud pattern. they referred the image to eros scientists, who identified the striking series of swirls as a “karman vortex street,” a fluid flow pattern rarely seen so clearly outside of a laboratory.
how did these karman vortices develop? selkirk island is the tip of a volcanic peak, rising sharply from the ocean, its steep sides critical to the formation of these vortices. though covering only 33 square miles, the island rises over a mile into the sky.
on the day landsat 7 acquired this image, the wind was carrying northward a layer of stratocumulus clouds (flat-bottomed puffballs). the mile-high island caused this cloud layer to slow about the island, while remaining fast farther out on either side. so on each “wing,” left and right, the air started rotating toward the inside—clockwise on the left, counter-clockwise on the right. the rotational momentum made each side swirl in on itself.
the whorl-cores were clear because the swirling pulled dry, clear air (from above or below) into the wet layer, a bit like the funnel formed when you stir up a pitcher of orange juice. these clear, spinning pockets trailed off down the “street” from the island like soap bubbles from a toy wand—drifting downwind, weakening, filling with clouds, and breaking up.
we ordinarily show as few clouds as possible in earthshots because they block our view of the land, but in this case they do have scientific, as well as aesthetic, value. the american meteorological society featured the selkirk image on the cover of their monthly bulletin. this image also became one of the earliest selections in the earth as art collection.



seno plain, mali 
agriculture            
cattle, grazing, near-infrared            
on the seno plain of mali, the population has…            

14.064
-3.47
 
seno plain, mali 
on            
3323            
on the seno plain of mali, the population has more than doubled since 1972. in this wide view of the region, the seno plain sweeps from lower left to upper right. the feature to the left is the bandiagara escarpment, with a rocky plateau to the west. the rocky surface on this plateau is not suitable for agriculture. so the plain, which is 200 meters lower than the plateau, is where there is increasing demand for agricultural land as the population grows.
growing vegetation is indicated by red tones in these landsat images, which are visible and near-infrared composites. these images are from the dry season, so cropland is indicated by bright tones.
villages are scattered throughout the seno plain. they increase in size throughout the series of images. in the 1972 and 1986 images, the villages are the dark spots surrounded by a light color. those light areas are cropland surrounding each village. in the 2016 image, the light-colored areas merge, and the dark spots stand out as the location of the villages. the population of these villages ranges from a few hundred to several thousand.



shanghai, china 
cities, coasts            
aritificial islands, bridge, deltas, megacity, population, rivers, shipping ports, urban growth            
a megacity is a region that has a population…            

31.2334
121.4845
 
shanghai, china 
on            
3461            
a megacity is a region that has a population greater than 10 million. it seems the term was created for cities like shanghai, china. in 2000, the fast-growing city was home to 16.4 million people. shanghai’s population exceeded 24 million in 2023. it’s the 2nd largest city in china and 7th largest in the world.
shanghai sits on the yangtze river delta along china’s eastern coast. much of shanghai’s growth has been in suburban and outlying districts. the landsat imagery makes this clear as the smaller populated areas outside of shanghai expand and then are absorbed by the urban expansion. growth is also notable along transportation systems. landsat data provides insight into urban planning and sustainable development.



sharq el owainat, egypt 
agriculture, deserts            
aquifer, calibration, center-pivot, irrigation, water use            
the landsat satellites were designed to detect…            

22.57
28.52 
 
sharq el owainat, egypt 
on            
3095            
the landsat satellites were designed to detect landscape changes over time. however, sometimes what landsat needs to see on the earth’s surface is no change at all.
this is the story of a key landsat calibration test site that is being retired as a test site because of the extensive land use change taking place in that area.



shiyan, china 
cities            
canals, land leveling, population, reservoirs, rivers, urban growth            
the population of china has been urbanizing at…            

32.625
110.814
 
shiyan, china 
on            
3318            
the population of china has been urbanizing at a rapid rate. in 1978, less than 20% of china’s population lived in cities. in 2015, more than 55% of the population of china was urban, and that rate is climbing. by 2030, the country’s urbanization is projected to reach 70%. that will be about 1 billion people living in cities in china.
the shiyan municipality, hubei province, presents an interesting example of urbanization. the population of shiyan increased from 333,089 in 1990, to 724,016 in 2010, and to 879,000 in 2021. to accommodate the increased urbanization in the shiyan region, as in other regions of china, engineers have found an innovative way to create more land for building—flattening mountaintops.
this landsat series of images shows the rapid development occurring on leveled land around shiyan, along with changes seen to the danjiangkou reservoir nearby.



shrimp farming 
aquaculture, coasts, water            
mangrove, salt flats, shrimp, shrimp farms            
the area around the gulf of fonseca is ideal…            

13.008
-87.311
 
gulf of fonseca, honduras and nicaragua 
off            
3300            
the area around the gulf of fonseca is ideal for shrimp farming. shrimp thrive in the warm temperatures, and extensive salt flats provide the space needed for the shrimp farms. the farms are actually holding ponds, which appear as rows of rectangles in these landsat images. the ponds are stocked with either wild shrimp (shrimp fry) brought in from the gulf or shrimp raised in a hatchery.
the vivid colors in the images reveal the varying land covers and what’s in the holding ponds. green represents vegetation—the bright green along the coast and along waterways indicates the salt-tolerant mangrove forests.
water absorbs light, so it appears dark in these images. when active and filled, the ponds appear dark. when drained, the ponds are pink. pink and bright white also indicate the locations of salt flats in the 1976 image.
throughout the 1980s, the honduran government provided tax incentives to stimulate the industry and make shrimp farming profitable. this policy, along with water quality degradation, led to conflicts between the shrimp farmers and fishers. initially, shrimp farms may have displaced some fishers. regulation of the industry helped alleviate conflicts: agreements controlled growth of the shrimp farm industry and established protected areas.
in the 1990s, expansion of the shrimp industry slowed and measures were implemented to make the industry more sustainable. wildlife refuges were declared in many of the remaining mangrove areas. these sites help to protect the wildlife, biodiversity, and water quality of the region.



singapore 
cities, coasts            
airports, harbors, islands, land creation            
“buy land,” a wise man once said. “they’re not…            

1.3521
103.8198
 
singapore 
on            
3241            
“buy land,” a wise man once said. “they’re not making any more.” not so in singapore.
these images show the physical growth of this island city-nation just off the mainland of southeast asia. between 1973 and 2018, the island expands where singapore created new land for airports, shipping, and oil refineries. in all, the government of singapore has planned to increase the island’s original area by as much as 25 percent.
in these images, vegetation is green and water is blue-black. bare soil and pavement look almost pale or pink. singapore is often cloudy; these images, some of them with popcorn clouds, are among the clearest in the archive.
singapore was rainforest, fringed by mangrove swamps, with about 150 people when the british acquired it as a colony in 1819. it soon thrived as a trading city because it lay sheltered from storms, right at the bottleneck where ships passed from the pacific to the indian ocean.
in 1965, when it became independent, singapore had almost 2 million people, crowded slums, negligible natural resources, and an economy dependent on shipping. but singapore’s one-party government used this sense of crisis to build a wealthy, modern city by using strict controls. they lowered the birth rate, moved nine of ten singaporeans into new high-rise condominiums, and developed new banking and manufacturing business while expanding shipping (2) even more. by 2019, singapore had almost 5.7 million people and a high standard of living.



sioux falls 
cities            
highways, population, suburbs, urban growth            
the big sioux river flows through sioux…            

43.5487
-96.7312
 
sioux falls, south dakota, usa 
off            
3514            
the big sioux river flows through sioux falls, with skunk creek joining on the west and a diversion channel for flood control on the north. new residential and retail areas expand most noticeably to the west, south, and east. after 2000, sioux falls urban growth expanded outward and developed suburbs. the tea, harrisburg, and brandon communities grew rapidly in population during this time.
the u.s. census bureau estimates the 2023 population of the sioux falls metro area, which includes five counties, at 304,555. a quick comparison to the dallas–fort worth, texas, metro area, which is much larger, shows sioux falls’ population growing at a faster rate since 1970.

in these landsat images, landsat’s near-infrared imaging capability identifies growing vegetation in shades of red. rural areas surrounding sioux falls are cropland, pastures, and small patches of forest by rivers and parks. landsat’s near-infrared imaging makes the contrast between cropland and urban development more apparent.
what’s fueling the growth? in 1980, the state of south dakota removed a cap on interest rates. that attracted credit card companies to sioux falls, the state’s largest city. during the 1980s, the city’s population expanded with the growth of the financial services industry. later, the health care industry grew into a major pillar of the sioux falls economy.



sioux falls, south dakota, usa 
cities            
highways, population, suburbs, urban growth            
a half-section of land 10 miles north of…            

43.5487
-96.7312
 
sioux falls, south dakota, usa 
on            
3513            
a half-section of land 10 miles north of sioux falls, south dakota, surrounded by corn and soybean fields, is the home of the usgs earth resources observation and science (eros) center—and the landsat archive. eros has been archiving and distributing landsat and other land data for 50 years. in that time, landsat reveals a half-century of growth in sioux falls as it expands into agricultural areas.
the vast eros archive also includes historical and current aerial photography. a sample of those photos shows eros’ location. the building opened in 1973, with an addition completed in 1996.
the ponds beside the building are wastewater ponds, originally for the large amount of photo and film processing that took place at eros up until 2005. you can also see the water tower and its shadow. two radomes, which protect the antennas that receive data from the landsat satellites and send commands, also sit on the property.
receiving data from the orbiting landsat satellites is one of the main reasons eros is located where it is. the sioux falls area is near the center of north america. the antennas inside the radomes can receive data from the landsat satellites as they pass anywhere over the 48 conterminous states. with the recent launch of landsat 9, and landsat next targeted for launch in late 2030/early 2031, eros will remain the archive and distribution center for landsat data for years to come.



siren, wisconsin, usa 
natural disasters            
lakes, storm, tornado, weather            
this earthshots page looks at the northwestern…            

45.7893
-92.3821
 
siren, wisconsin, usa 
on            
3316            
this earthshots page looks at the northwestern corner of wisconsin, in the crook of the st. croix river, before and just after a tornado cut a west-to-east swath half a mile wide and more than 20 miles long.
these images are shown in simulated natural color; green fields and forests are interspersed by glacial lakes, country roads, and a few popcorn clouds in the may 18 image. (the lakes look much brighter on june 19 than on may 18, most likely from the sun glinting off waves.)



snowfall, sunshine, or warm air? 
glaciers, mountains            
ice, snow, volcanoes            
why have these glaciers been shrinking? one…            

-3.0665
37.3507
 
mount kilimanjaro, tanzania 
off            
3467            
why have these glaciers been shrinking? one factor is snowfall. we don’t have weather measurements from the peak until very recently, but scientists have reconstructed a general picture. in the 1880s, the east african climate became much drier. glaciers started shrinking, and lake levels started dropping. and since the early 1900s, at three weather stations on kilimanjaro’s southern foothills, rainfall has decreased by 27 to 39 percent. glaciers need fresh snow for at least two reasons: to feed them with fresh ice and to provide a bright white shield between the ice and the sun.
sunshine can melt ice, even when the ambient air temperature is below freezing, by warming the surface of the ice. the same decrease in clouds that meant less snow for the glaciers also meant more sunshine. even in 2000–2002, as scientists witnessed “strong melting” on kilimanjaro, weather stations verified that the temperature never exceeded –1.6 degrees c. the glaciers’ sharp edges and vertical walls (2) (3) also suggest that the melting is from sunshine, not above-freezing air temperatures. warm air is a “rounder,” melting evenly everywhere; sunshine is a “sharpener” that strikes selectively. clear and cloudy seasons, solstices and equinoxes, and afternoon cloudiness all affect where the sun hits the ice.



solar 
cities, energy            
solar, solar energy, solar power            
after 2010, solar farms began spreading out in…            

34.8313
-118.2433
 
antelope valley, california, usa 
off            
3191            
after 2010, solar farms began spreading out in various places across the desert. the region has plenty of clear, sunny days, so solar energy makes its mark on the landscape (and energy grid) along with wind power. as of 2018, about 1.7 million photovoltaic panels are spread across the valley, with a combined generating capacity of 579 megawatts. many of the locations of the solar plants are on land that had been farmed with irrigated water for decades and was unlikely to revert to its natural desert state.
nearby, the city of lancaster is working to install solar panels on the rooftops of all municipal buildings and schools in the city. in 2013, the city council took that idea a step further. they voted to require all new homes to have a basic solar energy system. at the end of 2018, a new california state law was approved—effective 2020, all new homes statewide will have to include solar panels.



solar park 
cities, coasts, deserts, energy            
artificial islands, islands, lagoons, land creation, solar panels, solar power, urban growth            
starting in the 2015 image, dark shapes cover…            

25.1144
55.1380
 
dubai, united arab emirates 
off            
3108            
starting in the 2015 image, dark shapes cover the desert several kilometers south of dubai. this set of millions of photovoltaic solar panels is set to become the largest solar power plant in the middle east, mohammed bin rashid al maktoum solar park. once finished, the $13.6 billion project could power 1.3 million homes. it is scheduled to be completed in 2030 and generate 5 gw of power.
just north of the solar park is a series of lagoons in al qudra. two of the lagoons are in the shape of intertwined hearts, named love lake. the heart shapes are clearly visible in landsat imagery. what is not visible with landsat is planted trees that spell out the word “love.”



southeastern suburbs 
cities, deserts, water            
freeways, golf courses, population, streets, suburbs, urban growth, water use            
the southeastern suburb of chandler is the…            

33.4352
-112.0241
 
phoenix, arizona, usa 
off            
3056            
the southeastern suburb of chandler is the residential area near the center of these images. it was once separated from the other suburbs—in the 1972 image, it’s completely surrounded by agriculture. agriculture still dominates the 1984 and 1991 scenes, but by 2001, chandler is no longer distinguishable from the rest of the rapid suburban expansion.
in most of the residential areas, streets are laid out in roughly a square pattern. most of the squares are 1 square mile in size. this pattern ends abruptly in the lower left of the images (especially noticeable beginning in 2011). this area marks the boundary of the chandler city limits and the gila river indian reservation.
new freeways and freeway interchanges can also be tracked as they are built over the time series. the large interchange on the west side of the 2011 image marks the intersection of interstate 10 and loop 202 (the santan freeway). in the 2001 image, construction of the interchange and part of loop 202 can be seen.
also prominent is the addition of several golf courses. the green grass of the fairways shows up as bright red patterns that look like sausage links, especially across the southern part of these images.
population growth of chandler




southern delta 
water, wetlands            
floodplain, floods, river            
the inland niger delta lies in the transition…            

14.6515
-4.4040
 
inland delta of the niger river, mali 
off            
3179            
the inland niger delta lies in the transition between a seasonally wet-and-dry climate in the south and a mostly dry climate at the edge of the sahara. therefore, the northern and southern parts of the delta have different characteristics.
the southern portion of the delta is a vast alluvial plain. the floodplains fill during the flood season. the water level rises between june and november. the water then flows north and the floodplains empty by early the next year.
the rainy season here begins in july and continues through october. the mean annual precipitation is 600 mm (23.6 inches).
(black stripes run through the 2011 image because of the scan line corrector failure on landsat 7 in may 2003.)



southern expansion 
cities            
highways, population, suburbs, urban growth            
since we’re comparing rate of change in…            

43.5487
-96.7312
 
sioux falls, south dakota, usa 
off            
3517            
since we’re comparing rate of change in population growth since 1970, harrisburg, south of sioux falls, has an even more impressive number: a nearly 2,700% increase since 1970. construction of the current high school was completed in 2009.
these landsat images show new roadways being built to connect outlying communities to the main urban area. the bright straight line in the 2022 image is the widening of a road to connect sioux falls to harrisburg. landsat will continue to record the urban expansion of sioux falls and other cities around the world.




southern flevoland and markerwaard 
agriculture, coasts, water            
artificial islands, dikes, lake, land creation, land reclamation, polders            
southern flevoland, the southernmost of the…            

52.6464
5.3998
 
ijsselmeer, netherlands 
off            
3340            
southern flevoland, the southernmost of the polders, was the last to be diked and drained. in 1964, the area was still covered with water. by 1973, it had been drained and the soil was being cultivated to make it suitable for commercial agriculture. the 1987 image shows southern flevoland covered with active farming, virtually indistinguishable from the neighboring farmlands.
the dike separating markermeer from the rest of the ijsselmeer was complete by 1987. however, markermeer was never drained and instead was left as a large basin of water and swirling silt.
in 2016, a new project began to build artificial islands to clean up markermeer and restore wildlife habitat. the marker wadden restoration project aims to build 100 square kilometers of new land. it will include an archipelago with marshes and mudflats built from the lake’s accumulated sediment. the project will create habitat for cormorants, osprey, white-tailed eagle, european beaver, european otter, and other wildlife.



southwestern las vegas 
cities, deserts, water            
airport, golf courses, highways, population, suburb, urban growth, water use            
zooming in on the southwestern portion of the…            

36.2551
-115.2383
 
las vegas, nevada, usa 
off            
3061            
zooming in on the southwestern portion of the city reveals further urban and suburban changes.
mccarran international airport expanded in this timeframe to accommodate the population and tourism growth. one way to expand an airport is to pour a lot of concrete. compare the 1986 and 1992 images. the addition of east-west runways can be clearly seen. you can also see the addition of a new terminal and gates in the 2000 image, located to the east (right) of the present terminal. these “d” gates opened in 1998. the 2010 image reveals additional expansion of the “d” gates, as they take on the final x shape.
more new golf courses show up in this part of the urban area throughout the images. for example, the rhodes ranch golf club shows up in the 2000 image just south of where a new highway curves in the western part of the image. in the 2024 image, it’s surrounded by residential areas. landsat data can help people in fast-growing cities plan for future growth.
in the western part of the 2000 image, we see the newly completed highway, clark county 215. compare the 2000 image and the 2024 image: what effects do new highways have on a location? suburbs often develop along main highways, and the growth of residential and retail areas near and along the new highway demonstrate that type of urban growth.



spongy moth infestation, ma, ct, ri, usa 
forests, wildlife            
caterpillar, defoliation, drought, insect infestation, moth, tornado            
while certainly too small to see from space,…            

41.667
-71.77
 
spongy moth infestation, ma, ct, ri, usa 
on            
3303            
while certainly too small to see from space, the spongy moth caterpillar (lymantria dispar) can cause enough change in a forest to be seen with landsat’s 30-m resolution. a mere 1/16 inch long when they hatch in may, the caterpillar can reach 3 inches long by late june when they pupate. in that short time span, the pest feeds on the leaves of deciduous trees. beginning in 2016, they caused noticeable change in the northeastern united states.
while landsat has not typically been used to monitor insect outbreaks in near-real time, new analytical tools combined with the open access to landsat data make it possible to quantify insect damage over a large area at a level of detail not possible with aerial surveys alone.
the 2016 and 2017 images show the widespread defoliation of the trees in orange-brown, with a large area of heavy defoliation to the west of providence, rhode island, and additional patches in eastern connecticut. in 2018, defoliation was much less widespread and severe; however, continued defoliation is now mixed with mortality as individual trees succumb to multiple years of defoliation and other stressors including drought.



springfield 
forests, natural disasters, wildlife            
caterpillar, defoliation, drought, insect infestation, moth, tornado            
the overall severity of spongy moth…            

41.667
-71.77
 
spongy moth infestation, ma, ct, ri, usa 
off            
3307            
the overall severity of spongy moth defoliation was less in 2018, but the impacts on forest condition are still evident as both new defoliation and tree mortality. between springfield, massachusetts, and the quabbin reservoir, changes in forest condition resulting from three years of above-average spongy moth activity is revealed by landsat imagery.
in fact, landsat can detect both short-term and long-term forest disturbance of various causes. the spongy moth outbreak is caused in part by an extreme weather event—drought. the pale horizontal line extending to the east from springfield is the path of a tornado that touched down on june 1, 2011. tornadoes are also an extreme weather event and unusual for this area.
the spongy moth caterpillar has a larger effect on dominant species like oak, which can cause large-scale shifts in the very composition of the forest. with landsat data and the resulting maps of infested areas, researchers can better understand the long-term impacts of outbreaks on the health of forests.



st. bernard parish 
cities, natural disasters, water, wetlands            
canals, flooding, hurricane, lake, river, storm, weather            
the mississippi river gulf outlet (mrgo) was…            

29.9581
-90.0619
 
hurricane katrina, new orleans, louisiana, usa 
off            
3331            
the mississippi river gulf outlet (mrgo) was built in the 1950s and 1960s as a shorter shipping route from new orleans to the gulf of mexico. the 76-mile (122-kilometer) ship channel runs from northwest to southeast across these images. mrgo was one of the first levees to fail and flooded the neighborhoods visible in the upper left of the images. sections of the mrgo levees crumbled early in the morning of august 29.
notice how mrgo and other levees to the north form a < shape. floodwaters from the katrina storm surge funneled along this route and into the city. a short time later, a second line of levees meant to protect st. bernard parish failed and floodwaters quickly filled those neighborhoods.
the funnel effect amplified the storm surge by 20 to 40 percent. the resulting catastrophic flooding hit st. bernard parish and the lower 9th ward of new orleans.



stapleton 
cities            
airport, freeways, urban growth            
stapleton airport near downtown denver served…            

39.7436
-105.0202
 
denver, colorado, usa 
off            
3122            
stapleton airport near downtown denver served the city since 1929. by the 1980s, it was becoming overburdened and could no longer meet the needs of the growing city. surrounded by urban development, it could not expand.
once the new airport went into operation 1995, stapleton airport closed. eventually, all the buildings were demolished—except for one. the control tower still stands. it is now a restaurant, and visitors can enjoy great views of the city atop the 12-story tower.
the rest of the land of the airport became part of one of the largest urban redevelopments in the country. stapleton is now a growing master-planned community with a combination of residential, retail, commercial, and plenty of green space. the residential areas include apartments, townhomes, rowhouses, and larger single-family houses to make it a mixed-income region.
consisting of 12 neighborhoods, each with its own character, stapleton’s population grew from 5,000 in 2006 to 28,000 in 2018.



storms 
coasts, water            
barrier islands, erosion, islands, sediment, storm surge, storms, weather            
ocean currents, and the sediments they…            

41.647
-69.9535
 
cape cod, massachusetts, usa 
off            
3069            
ocean currents, and the sediments they transport, have constantly shifted the cape cod barrier islands over time. some of the abrupt changes, however, can be linked directly to a storm.
for example, a nor’easter in january 1987 cut a new inlet through north beach and formed south beach island. south beach connected to the mainland by 1993. throughout the rest of the 1990s and early 2000s, south beach reached southward toward south monomoy and eventually connected to it.
in 2007, a nor’easter cut another new inlet through north beach. this storm also wiped out several beach houses. another abrupt change happened in february 2013 when a storm cut a new inlet through south beach.
all of these changes can be seen in the landsat image that corresponds to the year in which the storm occurred.



stump lake 
dams, water            
flooding, floods, lakes, rivers            
east of devils lake is stump lake. it becomes…            

48.0436
-98.8516
 
devils lake, north dakota, usa 
off            
3265            
east of devils lake is stump lake. it becomes part of devils lake at a water level of about 1,447 feet (441 meters) above mean sea level. by the 2011 image, a channel connects the two water bodies.
when devils lake reaches a level at which it overflows, 1,458 feet (444.4 meters) above mean sea level, water would spill from stump lake through tolna coulee into the sheyenne river. the u.s. army corps of engineers completed a control structure at tolna coulee in 2012.
the tolna coulee control structure is essentially a dam designed to prevent uncontrolled overflow from stump lake. an uncontrolled overflow could cause significant flooding damage downstream. furthermore, water in stump lake has more sulfates than the water in western devils lake. large volumes of water flowing uncontrolled through tolna coulee could cause water quality problems for communities downstream.



submerged dunes 
agriculture, deserts, water            
lakes, sand dunes, water use            
these close-ups of one of the larger lakes…            

23.0772
31.2588
 
toshka project, egypt 
off            
3186            
these close-ups of one of the larger lakes show how the formation and reduction of the lakes affected sand dunes.

sand dunes became inundated as the lakes formed. in the 2001 image, many larger dunes were small islands in the lake.
bright sand dunes re-emerged as the lake level dropped. in the 2013 and 2017 images, a few dunes are still islands.
the darker ground in the 2013, 2017, and 2019 images indicates former water levels—the darker tone means moistened ground.




sugar plantations 
agriculture, dams, energy, water            
electricity, hydropower, irrigation, lakes, reservoirs, rivers, sugar plantations            
about 160 kilometers downstream from the dam…            

6.85
37.3
 
gibe iii dam, ethiopia 
off            
3295            
about 160 kilometers downstream from the dam are large irrigated sugar plantations. made possible by the dam, land clearing for these plantations began in 2012.
in the imagery, the plantations are the blocky shapes near the omo river. according to one source, 100,000 hectares of land are planned for sugar plantation development.
sugarcane has a high water requirement. these plantations and associated agro-chemicals for this irrigation and the plans to build two more dams on the omo river have many concerned about the long-term effects on lake turkana and the livelihoods of people who rely on the water supply to the lake provided by the omo river.
tribal communities in the lower omo and lake turkana region rely on traditional farming, herding, and fishing, activities that depend on the water and nourishing floods from the omo river.
landsat helps communities track landscape change and the effects of large hydroelectric and irrigation projects, wherever they are in the world.



super pit 
mining            
airport, gold, open pit, ore, tailings ponds            
the …            

-30.78
121.51
 
kalgoorlie, western australia 
off            
3349            
the super pit, the largest open-pit gold mine in australia, is 2.2 miles long, a mile wide, and 2,000 feet deep.
active 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, huge trucks haul over 200,000 tons of rock and dirt out of the pit every day. the ore is crushed and water added to form a mud-like slurry, which is pumped to flotation cells. air is added to the slurry and a froth forms on the surface, which contains all of the gold. the waste is called tailings and is discharged into ponds, visible as the polygons east and north of the super pit in the landsat images.
large quantities of ore need to be moved to get to the gold. this is done with blasting, but with kalgoorlie-boulder so close to the mine, techniques are used to minimize the impact of the blasting on the population. blasting is generally done only at certain times of day, and wind direction and speed are considered before a blast. additionally, smaller blasts are used, a strategy that takes more time to remove the desired amount of rock, but minimizes dust, vibration, and “fly rock.”




svalbard, norway 
glaciers            
fjord, islands            
fourteen tidewater glaciers flow into hornsund…            

76.99
16.36
 
svalbard, norway 
on            
3078            
fourteen tidewater glaciers flow into hornsund fjord, on the southern tip of spitsbergen, the largest island of the svalbard archipelago, located about 700 kilometers north of mainland norway in the arctic ocean. during the past few decades, these glaciers have retreated substantially.
in 1984, four glaciers formed a single terminus at the eastern end of hornsund: storbreen, hornbreen, svalisbreen, and mendelejevbreen. by 2010, the glaciers had retreated far enough to each have a separate terminus into the fjord.
the main driver of this glacial retreat is increasing average temperatures. the melt season in svalbard grew two weeks longer between 1912 and 2010.
the near-infrared imaging from landsat clearly shows changes to these glaciers. the long record from landsat is especially crucial to tracking the changes and projecting what may happen to the glaciers in the near future.



svalsat 
glaciers            
islands            
nearby on spitsbergen is an extensive…            

76.99
16.36 
 
svalbard, norway 
off            
3080            
nearby on spitsbergen is an extensive satellite ground station. located just 1,200 kilometers south of the north pole and established in 1996, the svalbard satellite station, or svalsat, was chosen for its extreme northern location. it is the only commercial ground station that can support polar orbiting satellites every time they orbit the earth, about 14 passes per day. it’s an advantageous place for satellite control and downloading data.
when polar-orbiting satellites pass within range of the svalsat station, data is downlinked directly from the satellite. the antennas receive data for about 15 minutes; then the fast-moving satellites pass out of range. currently, the facility has more than 40 antennas to support several satellite missions.
svalsat is a valuable member of landsat’s international cooperators network. svalsat provides more contact opportunities with polar-orbiting satellites and more frequent download opportunities of data from landsat as well.
landsat data can be sent electronically from svalsat to its primary archive at the usgs earth resources observation and science (eros) center in sioux falls, sd, in a matter of hours. fiber optic cables under the ocean provide the data link from svalbard to the satellite station at tromsø, a city on the northern mainland of norway, and then on to eros. in this way, svalsat is a valuable safety net for receiving landsat data and providing flexibility during potential down times at other ground stations.
the landsat 8 image showing svalsat takes advantage of long hours of daylight in the summer at this extreme northern location by collecting sunlit nighttime images. this image was acquired at 8:10 p.m. local time in svalbard.
a 10-m resolution image from the european space agency (esa) sentinel-2a satellite, which also sends data to svalsat, shows the ground station in slightly higher resolution



sydney, australia 
cities, coasts            
airports, harbors, lakes, olympics, ports, reservoirs, urban growth            
sydney, australia, is a growing cosmopolitan…            

-33.852
151.2105
 
sydney, australia 
on            
3172            
sydney, australia, is a growing cosmopolitan city. besides its recent growth, however, these images show that sydney takes advantage of the natural beauty of its mountains and harbours.
except for the shoreline to the east, sydney is surrounded by green on all sides. the deep green south of sydney includes national parks, recreation areas, and a military reserve. these areas prevent urban development from moving that direction. royal national park is located along the coast of the tasman sea just south of sydney.
over the past several decades, sydney’s expansion has been mostly westward, toward the blue mountains.
 
fact: australia is the 6th largest country in the world. but it has the 3rd lowest population density with just under 3 people per square kilometer. about one-fifth of the country’s population lives in sydney.



taconite 
mining            
aerial photos, iron ore, open pit, tailings ponds            
the mines on the mesabi range historically…            

47.5372
-92.6477
 
mesabi range, minnesota, usa 
off            
3431            
the mines on the mesabi range historically extracted hematite, a rusty-red gravel-like ore. hematite contained 50–70% iron and could be dug out of the ground and shipped right out to be made into steel. from 1890 to about 1980, 2.5 billion tons of this ore was mined here, but these “natural ores” were largely depleted by the 1980s.
landsat images acquired after 1984, however, show continued expansion of the open-pit mines. the rock being mined now is a lower grade ore called taconite, which has about 25–30% iron content. taconite is a hard, dense rock containing a mixture of silicates and magnetite and is abundant on the mesabi range.
new processing methods developed in the mid-20th century made taconite mining profitable. after it’s mined, the taconite is crushed into a fine powder. the magnetite is separated with magnets and agglomerated into marble-sized pellets. the finished pellets contain over 65% iron. these pellets are shipped to steel mills.
because only about one-third of the magnetite is used in the taconite production process, large amounts of tailings are generated. while the open-pit mines are visible in landsat images, it’s the large pink/purple areas—the tailings basins—that really stand out because they take up more area.
tailings flow as slurry into these basins, which are bounded by earthen dikes. taconite tailings particles range from the size of clay to sand. some of the tailings may be mined again as technology develops to remove any remaining iron.
the usgs aerial photo from 1953 includes a portion of the area shown in this landsat series. the urban areas are the towns of virginia and eveleth. the historical aerial photos extend the imagery record back at least two decades further than the landsat scenes. using these photos from the collection at eros, we can see the mining activity and associated land changes even earlier than the landsat record.



tehran 
agriculture, cities, mountains            
urban growth            
in the lower right of the main images is…            

36.0883
52.1517
 
elburz mountains, iran 
off            
3283            
in the lower right of the main images is tehran, the capital and largest city in iran. the plain tehran lies in is like a bowl. high mountains are to the north, and the hills of kahrizak are to the south. tehran is far from any major river and relies on water supplies located at a distance from the city. in this series of images, the expansion of the city extends in all directions, especially north toward the mountains. tehran’s population in 1986 was about 6 million. it has grown to almost 13.8 million in 2021.



the "little desert" 
fires, forests            
fire scars            
by the late 1800s, some australians were…            

-35.6200
141.5000
 
wyperfeld national park, australia 
off            
3266            
by the late 1800s, some australians were trying to preserve natural lands, including the nationally symbolic “bush.” the forest act of 1907 established forest reserves, some on abandoned homesteads, including part of wyperfeld in 1909. after the second world war, the increasingly mobile and urban population desired more parks. in the 1960s, the government proposed a partial development of the “little desert” (visible south of the “big desert”); in the backlash of public outcry the plan was canceled, the little desert national park was greatly expanded, and a national conservation agency was created.



the 1986 filchner calving 
glaciers, water            
calving, crevasses, ice, ice shelf, icebergs            
crevasses often form in ice shelves, due to…            

-77.8553
-42.0320
 
filchner ice shelf, antarctica 
off            
3289            
crevasses often form in ice shelves, due to hinging, forward “creeping,” and other forces. the annotated 1973 image shows such a crevasse, called the grand chasms. in 1957, the grand chasms were 53 m deep, with water and ice at the bottom. they were 5 km wide in 1957, 11 km wide in 1973, and 19 km wide in 1985. (as a comparison, the grand canyon is up to 29 km wide.) as expected, it was at the grand chasms that the shelf finally broke off into icebergs in 1986.
it is not completely understood how and when icebergs calve from antarctic ice shelves. besides hinging and creeping, calving may also be caused by storms, ocean swells, and collisions with large icebergs. the filchner ice shelf may calve only once or twice a century the way it did in 1986, with little loss in between these major calvings. it moves about 1.3 km/year—fast for an ice shelf—and in the 1986 calving it shed about 40 years’ worth of advancing ice.
the calved ice broke into three large icebergs, named a22, a23, and a24. a24 was about 90 km by 95 km in area and about 400 m thick. all three soon grounded in the shallow sea floor just off shore. but the wind, currents, and tide kept slowly dragging the icebergs, gouging out underwater tracks that were visible by ships’ sonar.
in early 1990, a24 left its siblings behind and broke free into the deep ocean. the map of antarctica shows its path. because it was 400 m deep, it was less affected by wind and surface currents and more affected by deeper currents, which are harder for oceanographers to track. the weddell sea gyre is such a current, running clockwise around the weddell sea at about 2.5 to 3 km below the surface. (a gyre, pronounced “jire,” is a circular or spiral movement.)
a24 was carried by the weddell sea gyre through 1991. most icebergs would then continue with the currents eastward, along a submarine ridge which runs from the antarctic peninsula to the south orkney islands and on toward south africa. but there are gaps in this ridge, and water “jets” through them; one of these jets carried a24 through a gap and north into the atlantic ocean.
by shooting through the gap, a24 had left the cold waters that circle clockwise around antarctica (the circumpolar current). the warmer waters of the atlantic doomed a24; as it passed the falkland islands the melting, wind, and waves broke it into four pieces, which continued along the coast of south america. smaller icebergs like these can actually be more dangerous to ships because they are harder to detect on radar.
everal countries operated on the filchner during the 20th century, building bases such as the ellsworth, general belgrano, and shackleton. druzhnaya 1 was the last, operated by the soviet union each austral summer from 1975 to 1986. when the a23 iceberg calved and floated off that winter, druzhnaya 1 was still on it.
in february 1987, the soviets visited one last time, approaching the offshore iceberg in the ship kapitan kondrat’ev and collecting their equipment from the abandoned base.



the 1996 rechanneling 
aquaculture, cities, coasts, water            
delta, levees, peninsula, rivers, sediment, shrimp farms            
while the river’s course and delta have…            

37.7643
119.1480
 
huang he delta, china 
off            
3312            
while the river’s course and delta have changed naturally over time, people have also caused a lot of change. more water upstream is being used for irrigation. dams and reservoirs on the river and its tributaries reduce the amount of sediment that reaches the delta. seawalls have been built to reclaim land for the oil industry and for shrimp and salt farms. additionally, levees now keep the main river from branching out at the delta.
people have caused the latest shift in the river that has affected the delta’s shape. in 1996, chinese engineers blocked the main channel, making the river empty into the sea to the northeast instead of directly to the east. we see in the 1999 image where the new peninsula has formed from this shift, and where the old peninsula is beginning to retreat.



the all-american canal 
agriculture, cities, water            
canal, irrigation, lake, river, water use            
the all-american canal (visible as the dark…            

33.2143
-115.724
 
imperial valley, california, usa 
off            
3130            
the all-american canal (visible as the dark line in these close-ups) is now the imperial valley's main source of water. it carries 26,155 cubic feet of water per second from the colorado river to allow irrigation of more than 2,000 km2 of agricultural fields.
also noticeable in these two images is interstate 8, which runs along the canal and occasionally crosses it. in the 2011 image, a subtle change is a road that runs along the u.s.-mexico border—the road is part of border fence construction efforts. one clear change in these images is an area of new irrigated fields in mexico (green circles and rectangles in the lower left).



the beetles attack 
forests, mountains, wildlife            
insect infestation, mountain pine beetle, ponderosa pine            
mountain pine beetles, which are native to the…            

43.8433
-103.4946
 
black hills, sd, usa 
off            
3225            
mountain pine beetles, which are native to the pine forests of western north america, live most of their lives just beneath the bark of living pine trees. they usually only kill a few trees per year that are already weakened. healthy trees have defenses that can defeat the beetles. they resist the beetles by releasing pitch, which helps prevent beetles from boring into the tree. this works when it’s only a few beetles on the tree. but the current epidemic is overwhelming their defenses.
once a pine beetle is on a host tree, it communicates to other beetles by emitting a pheromone that attracts other beetles to mass-attack. they overwhelm the tree’s defenses and tunnel under the bark. although the tunneling injures the tree by disrupting the movement of food and water from the needles to the trunk and roots, its needles initially remain green, which makes the early stages of infestation difficult to see from the air. a year after the flow of water and nutrients has been cutoff, the tree dies and its needles turn red. a year later the dead trees take on a greyish color as the dead needles fall to the ground.
an outbreak like this begins in dense, and sometimes overcrowded, forest. climate also plays a role as warm, dry summers are good for beetle development and dispersal, while mild winter temperatures allow more larvae to survive.
successive years of favorable summer and winter weather can lead to widespread damage, which has been the case in the black hills. a more close-up look at the affected region shows a pronounced decrease in the amount of green forest cover between 1992 and 2018.
in 2018, precipitation in the black hills was above normal, and the beetles have remained at normal levels. the damage is done, however, and current landsat imagery still shows the degraded forest. recovery in the pine forest is very gradual.



the causeway 
water            
algae, flooding, lakes, salt, saltwater, water use            
one of the first flood-control measures…            

41.2780
-112.7431
 
great salt lake, utah, usa 
off            
3297            
one of the first flood-control measures involved the railroad causeway, a solid raised roadway cutting east to west across the lake. the first transcontinental railroad, completed in 1869, had to go around the lake and over the promontory mountains to the north. in 1902, the southern pacific railroad constructed a new line directly across the lake so that engines would not have to climb over the mountains. for 12 miles, this route crossed a trestle, like a low bridge, made of 28,000 wooden pilings. in 1957–1959, this trestle was replaced by the causeway—a solid raised roadway made of 50 million cubic yards of rock, sand, and gravel. this causeway was safer and allowed faster speeds.
but unlike the trestle, which allowed water to circulate freely underneath for 12 miles, the causeway had only two 15-foot culverts. the causeway was constructed of semipermeable material, which reduced north-south flow and split the lake into two parts. the south part received most of the lake’s inflow from rivers, so it became higher than the north part. the northern part also became saltier, causing different types of algae and bacteria to grow, which made it look pink, while the southern part of the lake remained bluer. you should be able to see this subtle difference in the 1972 landsat image (in this image, reflectance in the visible-red range is represented by green).
by july 1, 1984, after two years of above-normal precipitation, the south part of the lake was 3.7 feet higher than the north, the highest difference it would ever reach. by august 3 of that year, a 300-foot section of the causeway was replaced by a low bridge, allowing water to flow underneath. within 2 months, the difference between the south and north fell to 0.75 feet, and within a year it was only 0.5 feet. although this was done as a flood-control measure, it also had the effect of reducing the difference in salt concentration. by 1987, the north-south difference visible in landsat images was reduced.
once the levels began dropping again, a clear color distinction between the north and south arms of the lake returned.



the crater’s size 
forests            
crater, declassified, erosion, permafrost            
the landsat image series shows the gash…            

67.58
134.78
 
batagaika crater, russia 
off            
3474            
the landsat image series shows the gash widening from a narrow channel in 1991 to a crater with steep-sided cliffs by 2024, at a resolution of 30 meters. sentinel-2a’s 10-meter resolution in the natural color bands provides a more detailed look at the crater.
declassified satellite images from 1965 and 1975 show the spot as a mere gully.
now about 1 km long, 800 m wide, and 50 m deep, the crater also features a 70-m vertical ice wall on the southwestern edge.
covering about 81 hectares, the crater’s area has increased by three times from 1991 to 2018, with the fastest expansion taking place between 2010 and 2014.
incidentally, here's how batagaika crater compares in size with meteor crater in arizona.
how did this start?mineral exploration and clearing of trees for firewood exposed the surface to erosion in the 1950s and 1960s. the ground, no longer shaded by trees, became warmer than normal in the summers. there was also less transpiration from those trees to help cool the ground.
the permafrost under the warmer layer of soil began to thaw. once the ice was exposed to warmer temperatures, the melting sped up. at batagaika, a gully eventually formed and cut into the ice-rich permafrost. once this process begins, it cannot be stopped.



the dike's effects 
agriculture, coasts, water            
algal blooms, dike, fishing, land creation, red tide, seas, seaweed, tidal flats            
the ariake sea is famous for its nori, a type…            

32.88
130.1634
 
isahaya bay, japan 
off            
3344            
the ariake sea is famous for its nori, a type of seaweed that is dried and pressed into dark sheets. it is used as the outer wrapping of rolled sushi or chicken nori. the ariake sea provides about 40% of japan’s seaweed.
the ariake sea has a high tidal range—about 7 meters in the spring. this range creates vast tidal flats. the tidal flats in isahaya bay created oxygen for the entire ariake sea, purifying the water. the dike has prevented this purification function from happening. this degradation of the water quality, along with changes in tidal flows, has reduced the sea’s fish population, harming the fishing industry. failure of the former tidal flats to help purify the sea may also have led to poor seaweed crops. farmers claim that not just quantity but also the quality of the product has been affected.
studies have found that the dike reduced current tidal mixing (stagnating the water), which could lead to increased red tide events (algal blooms). large colonies of algae grow out of control and can be toxic to fish and marine mammals. the phenomenon is called red tide because the blooms often turn the water red. as a result, these harmful algal blooms are damaging to the fish and seaweed industry.
in one study, extensive measurements of the tides and currents concluded that the dike changed the tidal system in the rest of the ariake sea. these weaker tidal currents led to abrupt changes in the marine environment. a red tide that occurred during winter of 2000–01 could be related to the completion of the dike. this red tide was damaging to the seaweed crop because the algae took nutrients from the water during the harvest season.
conservation organizations have been protesting the project since before construction began and are now recommending that the gates be opened to restore the health of the sea. the dike’s gates were set to open december 2013, which would have concluded a 3-year moratorium designed to allow time to determine whether opening the gates would flood key coastal areas. the intention behind opening the gates is to carry out studies to determine the effects of the dike on tidal flows and water quality in the sea.
that deadline passed with no action. a long legal battle ensued, and finally, in july 2018, a court ruled that the gates should remain closed.



the eruption 
forests, mountains, natural disasters            
ash, eruption, lakes, mudslides, rivers, volcanoes            
the volcanic blast on may 18, 1980, devastated…            

46.1912
-122.1944
 
mount st. helens, washington, usa 
off            
3458            
the volcanic blast on may 18, 1980, devastated more than 150 square miles of forest within a few minutes. in the following nine hours, volcanic ash rose more than 15 miles into the air, later to land in troublesome amounts as far away as montana. sixty people were dead or missing, including one usgs volcanologist, david johnston, who was monitoring the mountain from nearby.
before the eruption, mount st. helens towered about a mile above its base, but on may 18, 1980, its top slid away in an avalanche of rock and debris. when measured on july 1, 1980, the mountain's height had been reduced from 9,677 feet to 8,364 feet—a difference of about 1,300 feet.
look at the zoomed-in images. forested areas appear red. ash, mudslides, and mud-laden rivers are grayish blue. water looks black. ice and snow are white. several changes can be seen in these images:

the north-facing “amphitheater,” where the peak of the mountain slid away, is clearest in the 1988 image.
the north and south forks of the toutle river are visible flowing to the west-northwest in the zoom-ins. the avalanche dumped rock and debris into the river valleys, in some places up to 170 m deep. coldwater creek and castle creek, which are tributaries of the toutle, were blocked by this debris, forming coldwater lake and castle lake. these are visible in the post-eruption images.
spirit lake, northeast of the peak, also flowed into the river. the avalanche raised its level 60 m. its shape was also affected by debris that entered the lake and by the floating “raft” of logs that were swept into the lake.
the image series shows gradual vegetation regrowth, as light red and pink, in the devastated area.

view an animation of a time series of landsat images from the eruption and through gradual forest regrowth.



the evaporation basin 
water            
flooding, lakes, salt, saltwater, water use            
in june 1986, the state of utah began…            

41.2780
-112.7431
 
great salt lake, utah, usa 
off            
3298            
in june 1986, the state of utah began construction of a system to pump excess water from the lake onto the bonneville salt flats, creating the newfoundland evaporation basin. this project included a pumping station at hogup ridge, inlet and outlet canals, four trestles, almost 25 miles of dikes, a 37-mile natural-gas pipeline, and a 10-mile access road between lakeside and the pumping station. pumps ran from april 1987 until june 1989, by which time the lake had dropped almost 6 feet. the pumping caused about 2 feet of that drop.
in the first year, about 1.5 million acre-feet of water was pumped into the evaporation basin (an acre-foot is a volume that would cover one acre with one foot of water). a dike was built at the southeast end of the basin to control the basin’s water level and let salt-rich water flow back into the lake. if the level of the basin rose high enough, some water would travel all the way around the newfoundland mountains and back into the lake. over the course of the project about 264,000–283,000 acre-feet of water actually did so.



the everglades and miami, florida, usa 
agriculture, cities, mining, water, wetlands            
canals, hydrology, lakes, levees, limestone quarries, national park, nuclear power, population, rivers, thermal infrared, urban growth            
referred to as the “river of grass,” the…            

25.95
-80.65
 
the everglades and miami, florida, usa 
on            
3434            
referred to as the “river of grass,” the florida everglades is one of the world’s largest wetlands. however, they were once much larger. throughout the 20th century, the region was drained for agriculture and development, and canals and levees were built to manage the water. the area that is protected as a national park, established in 1947, is a fraction of the original extent of the everglades.
the everglades is essentially a wide, slow-moving sheet of shallow water, hence the name river of grass. the water originates at the kissimmee river in central florida, drains into lake okeechobee, then out into the everglades. a rich variety of plant and animal habitats occupy this very flat terrain—even small water level changes significantly impact these communities.
much of the development in the everglades started long before the space age, but notable land changes occurred within the satellite era. this series of landsat images shows the urban development of the miami metropolitan area, agriculture, and the extent of land protections of southeastern florida.



the glaciers of kilimanjaro 
glaciers, mountains            
ice, snow, volcanoes            
as the 2000 image was being taken,…            

-3.0665
37.3507
 
mount kilimanjaro, tanzania 
off            
3466            
as the 2000 image was being taken, climatologist lonnie thompson was camped on the glacier ice, drilling out samples for analysis and preservation. when a year later he publicly stated that the glaciers might disappear between 2015 and 2020, he raised these glaciers to a new level of public and scientific debate. for better or worse, kilimanjaro became a poster child for global warming.
kilimanjaro’s glaciers have been shrinking since at least the 1880s. (scientists measure the glaciers, not the fluctuating snow cover. ground measurements are required in addition to aerial/satellite imagery, since the glaciers may be covered by snow or ash.) the ice has retreated both vertically and horizontally, but the loss of area has been more dramatic.
vertically, the glaciers don’t appear to have lowered dramatically between 1880 and about 1960, but stereo aerial photographs indicate that from 1962 to 2000 they lowered almost 0.5 m per year. one member of thompson’s 2000 party described the melting he observed: “by day, water streamed off the top of the glacier and down its steep sidewalls. . . in some places, the rivulets wandering along the surface had converged to form streams, which catapulted in waterfalls off the top” (bowen, 2005).
area of kilimanjaro’s glaciers, 1880–2016



year
area




1880
20.0 km2


1912
12.1 km2


1953
6.7 km2


1976
4.2 km2


1989
3.3 km2


2000
2.6 km2


2003
2.5 km2


2007
1.85 km2


2011
1.76 km2


2016
1.7 km2






the hamoun wetlands 
deserts, water, wetlands            
drought, irrigation, lake, salt flats, saltwater            
the lake hamoun area is classified as…            

31.1296
61.382
 
lake hamoun, iran and afghanistan 
off            
3368            
the lake hamoun area is classified as freshwater wetlands. because hamoun is a closed basin, it’s more of an inland delta. about 60,000 hectares of the wetlands in the hamoun region in iran are protected under the ramsar convention. the hamoun region on the afghanistan side is not protected under the ramsar convention even though it represents more area that is permanently inundated and vegetated. 
the hamoun wetlands have a normal wet and dry cycle. the water level typically rises in the spring and falls from april to january. large areas dry up regularly. but during prolonged dry periods, birds migrate elsewhere, and fishing is not possible.
the annual precipitation in this extremely dry basin is only about 50 millimeters. the average depth of the lake, even at its highest water level, is only 3 meters. that means the area is vulnerable to major changes in water level that happen naturally. when in addition people alter the water flow, the changes are more pronounced. irrigation expansion has made the lakes more vulnerable to drought. the once thriving wetlands are now mostly lifeless salt flats.



the initial irrigation idea 
water            
canals, irrigation, rivers            
from 1975 to 1978, cambodia was governed by…            

11.5684
104.9312
 
phnom penh, cambodia 
off            
3150            
from 1975 to 1978, cambodia was governed by pol pot. his regime was known as the khmer rouge ("red khmer").
in their desire to radically transform cambodia, the khmer rouge emulated both contemporary communist china and the khmer "golden age" of the 11th–13th centuries, both of which used irrigation. the historic canals around china's yangtze river delta harnessed rainy-season floodwaters, carrying them out to the surrounding lowlands where in the dry season people lifted the water up into their rice fields. historical and archeological documents also indicate a local irrigation system in the 12th-century khmer state, possibly storing and distributing water so that rice could be grown year-round, two or more crops per year.
but the khmer rouge irrigation system followed the chinese plan more closely than the historic khmer state plan. and in doing so, they made many miscalculations including ignoring the amount of human labor needed to lift the water up to the fields. where one square kilometer of yangtze river lowlands in china needs the support of 1,500 laborers, only 300 laborers were available to work the mekong uplands in cambodia.



the island changes  
cities, coasts            
islands, land creation            
landsats 1 through 8 recorded these post-…            

1.3521
103.8198
 
singapore 
off            
3242            
landsats 1 through 8 recorded these post-independence changes, starting with the city’s growth. for one and a half centuries, singapore remained tightly packed in the southeastern corner of the island, but around the time of independence the city and island governments merged, and the population spread out into a new metropolis covering the whole island.
the second world war taught singapore how dependent it was on others for food, since it obviously had little room to grow its own. since independence, farmland has shrunk from around a quarter of the island to about 5 percent. the many tiny chinese-style family farms based on intensive labor were replaced by a few large production centers with greenhouses.
amid all the building, the government saved tiny remnants of the pre-1819 tropical rainforest. bukit timah nature reserve, in only 185 acres, contains more tree species than all of north america. forest patches stand out in the landsat images (most clearly in 2002 and 2009) as brighter green, surrounding and working with the central reservoirs to trap as much water as possible. the japanese took singapore partly by cutting off its water supply, and even with these central reservoirs singapore still needs to import water from malaysia.



the island expands  
cities, coasts            
harbors, islands, land creation            
the british started the expansion of singapore…            

1.3521
103.8198
 
singapore 
off            
3246            
the british started the expansion of singapore within days of landing in 1819. the expansion was begun by moving soil into small areas around the old port town that flooded at high tide. as singapore became more important to britain’s economy and military, they invested more in the port, including more extensions of land. this activity peaked between the world wars, when britain built the port into its naval stronghold in east asia, and it ended with the second world war, after which development quieted. from the mid-1800s to 1960, the city’s coastline had moved about 500 meters seaward.
in the decades following self-government in 1959, singaporeans have created much more land than the british did in 140 years. the 1973 and 1990 images show this transformation underway; new ground was created either by flattening nearby hills or by scooping up underwater sand to deepen navigation channels. by 2000, you can identify the new recreation areas, stretching east along the coast and on southern sentosa island, by the green color of their vegetation, with golf fairways appearing as bright strips. the harbor channel is flanked by the gray areas of loading facilities. in the later images, you can see ships of different colors and sizes swarming in the water.



the lake's formation  
agriculture, cities, water            
canal, irrigation, lake, river, water use            
for thousands of years, the colorado river…            

33.2143
-115.724
 
imperial valley, california, usa 
off            
3129            
for thousands of years, the colorado river flowed above and to the east of the valley, on its way to the nearby gulf of california. the river was higher than the valley, but it was hemmed in by its own natural levees, land barriers on either bank built up over years from silt left behind by floods. with each flood, these levees grew a bit higher and harder to breach. but once in a while, the colorado would break out and pour down into the salton basin, partly filling it. then the levee break would fill with silt, the river would revert to its normal channel, and the basin would dry up again. dams and channels on the river now prevent these cycles.
european american settlers saw that the imperial valley had good soils for agriculture, except for being extremely dry. in 1901, the colorado development company began diverting colorado river water into the valley for irrigation, similar to what the colorado had done naturally thousands of times.
in 1905, the company lost control of the river during a flood, and the colorado broke through the half-finished headgate of an irrigation ditch. the river kept widening the ditch, until almost the entire river was flowing into the sink rather than toward the gulf of california. it took engineers and work crews until 1907 to return the river to its proper course, by which time a considerable lake had formed.



the lakes form 
agriculture, deserts, water            
lakes, water use            
the aswan high dam on the nile river was…            

23.0772
31.2588
 
toshka project, egypt 
off            
3184            
the aswan high dam on the nile river was completed in 1970 for flood protection and to store water during dry years. the dam formed lake nasser, the third largest reservoir in the world by volume. a small portion of this lake is visible in the lower right corner of the images.
in 1978, a spillway and channel were built as a precaution against any unexpected increase in lake nasser’s water level. the channel can divert water from the reservoir to the toshka basin, which is located outside the nile basin. this design reduces pressure on the dam and protects downstream areas from massive flooding.
in 1998, excess rainfall in the ethiopian highlands tested the flood control plan. the huge reservoir reached its maximum stage of 183 meters above sea level in september. the overflow water streamed through the spillway and into the toshka basin forming the toshka lakes. around 32 to 98 million cubic meters of water per day poured into the basin during september and october.
the lakes reached their maximum collective size in august 2001. their area remained fairly stable through august 2003. the water supply from lake nasser continuously replaced water lost through evaporation. as the level of lake nasser subsided, the water supply from the reservoir stopped and the lakes started diminishing.



the lakes shrink 
agriculture, deserts, water            
lakes, water use            
the only two places for water in this arid…            

23.0772
31.2588
 
toshka project, egypt 
off            
3185            
the only two places for water in this arid region to go are into the air or into the ground. the underlying limestone prevents much ground infiltration. in the toshka region, annual precipitation averages a meager 1.5 millimeters, and the potential evaporation rate is 14–15 millimeters per day. with no natural outlet and reduced water input to these lakes from lake nasser, the water evaporated quickly. starting in 2019, flooding rains in sudan once again brought excess water to lake nasser, and water once again flowed into the toshka basin.



the landsat program 
 
landsat            
since 1972, the landsat satellites have…            
 
about earthshots 
off            
3529            
since 1972, the landsat satellites have been imaging earth’s land areas. landsat represents the world’s longest continuously acquired collection of space-based moderate resolution land remote sensing data. landsat imagery provides a unique resource for those who work in agriculture, geology, forestry, regional planning, education, mapping, and global change research. landsat images are also invaluable for emergency response and disaster relief.
landsat satellites image the earth’s surface along the satellite’s ground track in a 185-kilometer wide (115-mile wide) swath as the satellite moves in a descend­ing orbit (moving from north to south) over the sunlit side of the earth.
landsats 8 and 9 are the two newest landsat satellites. they are in a polar orbit 705 kilometers (438 miles) above the earth’s surface. they complete one orbit every 99 minutes, for 14 ½ orbits per day. this means it takes 16 days for each satellite to obtain imagery over the entire globe. together, these two landsats image earth's landmasses every 8 days.
the images you see in earthshots span the landsat archive. the images from landsats 1–3 used a sensor called the multispectral scanner (mss). its image resolution, the size of the smallest region on the earth’s surface (known as a “pixel”) that can be observed by the instrument, was about 80 meters. on landsats 4–5, the improved thematic mapper (tm) sensor provided a resolution of 30 meters. the enhanced thematic mapper plus (etm+) onboard landsat 7 and the operational land imager (oli) on landsats 8 and 9 also provide 30-meter resolution. the images of las vegas, nevada, show the difference between these two resolutions.
landsat program history



satellite
launched
decommissioned




landsat 1
july 23, 1972
january 6, 1978


landsat 2
january 22, 1975
july 27, 1983


landsat 3
march 5, 1978
march 31, 1983


landsat 4
july 16, 1982
june 15, 2001


landsat 5
march 1, 1984
2013


landsat 6
october 5, 1993
did not achieve orbit


landsat 7
april 15, 1999

primary science mission ended april 6, 2022
extended science mission began may 4, 2022



landsat 8
february 11, 2013
operational


landsat 9
september 27, 2021
operational






the long dark winter 
glaciers, water            
solstice            
compare the two landsat images from june 24,…            

80.93
-61.2577
 
petermann glacier, greenland 
off            
3092            
compare the two landsat images from june 24, 2014, and september 19, 2014. at this high latitude, the sun angle becomes very low later in the year.
the june 24 image is close to the summer solstice. the september 19 image is close to the autumnal equinox, when the sun angle is much lower in northern greenland. this lower sun angle is very noticeable in the longer shadows. the shadows also provide hints about the height and shape of the mountain peaks along the glacier.
landsat does not acquire images this far north during winter. in the northern hemisphere’s winter, it becomes too dark for satellite imaging.



the mining process 
energy, mining            
coal, open pits, overburden, reclamation            
the mining process that takes place in the prb…            

43.59
-105.29
 
powder river basin, wyoming, usa 
off            
3238            
the mining process that takes place in the prb is called surface mining. first, the topsoil is removed. the material above the coal (overburden in mining jargon) is then removed to expose the coal. the overburden is placed into a previously mined pit.
the exposed coal is then scooped out. rocks, ash, sulfur, and other contaminants are cleaned out of the coal. blasting and crushing reduces the coal to smaller pieces that can be loaded onto trains for transport. trains bring the coal to power plants throughout the country.
the surface mining control and reclamation act (smcra) requires mining companies to reclaim the mined land. the mined land is filled in with overburden, and the topsoil is replaced. native seeds are planted on the reclaimed land. the whole process is overseen by environmental engineers and state and federal agencies to ensure compliance with laws. lands disturbed by coal mining must be restored to a condition that can support the uses it could support before mining (or even make the land better).
in the close-up images, the mined land seems to move over time. as the mining and beginnings of the reclamation process take place, we can see the digging and backfilling occurring.
(see the animations in the subsection called "animations" to see more images and to see this process happen over the 30-year time period.)



the mining process 
mining            
gold, open pits            
gold is found in the yanacocha mine in…            

-7.0005
-78.5318
 
yanacocha mine, peru 
off            
3261            
gold is found in the yanacocha mine in microscopic bits. one hundred tons of earth need to be removed for every ounce of gold extracted. the large volumes of material are dumped onto a lined leach pad, and cyanide solution is sprayed over it. the cyanide binds with the gold and causes a solution enriched with gold to settle at the bottom. the gold can then be extracted from that solution.
environmental risks of large-scale open pit mining are complex and uncertain. one impact is the potential risk of cyanide contamination on soil and water. satellite data along with ground studies can help show the land change effects of mining operations, such as groundwater quality and watershed changes.



the sea's populations 
agriculture, cities, water            
irrigation, lake, river, saltwater, sea, water use            
several cities are visible within the area of…            

33.2143
-115.724
 
imperial valley, california, usa 
off            
3131            
several cities are visible within the area of irrigated agriculture in the valley, which is surrounded by the natural desert. the close-up images show the growth of el centro, california, and the urban area of mexicali/calexico on the border. these cities' populations have grown rapidly over the last few decades:

el centro grew from 19,272 people in 1970 to 44,322 in 2020, a 130% increase.
calexico grew from 10,625 people in 1970 to 38,633 in 2020, a 264% increase.
mexicali, mexico, grew from 458,877 people in 1990 to 808,000 in 2023, a 76% increase.

the salton sea's resources include fish, migratory birds, and recreation, and several endangered species rely on the sea for habitat. these resources are threatened by how the sea may change in the future. because the sea has no outlet (other than evaporation), dissolved salts are left behind and salinity gradually rises each year. if water levels drop, air quality could be affected; the exposed lakebed could increase the intensity of dust storms. this area already has the highest childhood asthma rate in california (u.s. department of the interior, 2007).
since its most recent formation, the sea has been an important stop for migratory birds on the pacific flyway. a diminishing habitat means fewer birds can use it as a resting place.



the siren storm  
natural disasters            
storm, tornado, weather            
the tornado touched down on a monday evening,…            

45.7893
-92.3821
 
siren, wisconsin, usa 
off            
3317            
the tornado touched down on a monday evening, june 18, 2001, about 5 miles west of siren, a town of about 900 people. this tornado was later classified as severe, an f3 on a scale from f0 to f5, its winds of 158–206 mph placing it among the 10 percent most damaging tornadoes.
as a lakeside town, siren had many houses without basements, and it had short warning that night since lightning had knocked out its tornado siren about a month earlier. the tornado hit the town at about 8:20 p.m., damaging or destroying about 200 houses (2) (3) and 40 businesses. no one died in siren, but 16 people were injured that night, and three people were killed east of siren in the small town of dewey. this was wisconsin’s deadliest tornado since 1984.
just before noon the next day, as recovery crews poured into the area, landsat 7 passed overhead, getting a nearly cloudless image. the environmental remote sensing center at the university of wisconsin rush-ordered this scene from the usgs and produced a “change” image comparing may 18 to june 19. this image gave recovery workers a more synoptic view of the damaged area than attempts to map it by airplane, helicopter, or ground survey.
thanks to dr. thomas lillesand, marcia verhage, and nancy podger of the environmental remote sensing center of the university of wisconsin, madison, for assistance.



the storm's cost 
agriculture, natural disasters            
hail, hailstorm, storm, weather            
the storm cost eros over $1.2 million in…            

43.7357
-96.6255
 
hailstorm at eros, sioux falls, sd, usa 
off            
3309            
the storm cost eros over $1.2 million in damage. vehicles were smashed, branches broken, foliage shredded, windows broken, and ground pockmarked. the hail destroyed an array of 512 solar panels, which had heated 60% of the photo lab’s water. many skylight panels were broken, and the roof sprang leaks. the hail broke concrete paving stones on the roof. the antenna for landsat 7 (which launched in 1999) was only a month old; the electronics were smashed and the dish had over 2,000 dents. luckily, no one was injured.
about eros
the eros mission is to collect and archive data from earth-observing satellites, primarily the landsat satellites. the center also archives data from other earth-observing satellites and aerial imagery dating back to the 1930s. eros is a science center, too; scientists there use the data for research on climate change, landscape dynamics, natural hazards, and many other uses.
what’s eros doing out there in the middle of cropland anyway? first, it was placed in the center of the continent to receive data from satellites coast-to-coast. so that’s what brought eros to south dakota. eros was built out of town to avoid radio and tv interference and to give the receiving antennas a clear view from horizon to horizon.



the water returns 
water, wetlands            
canals, marshes, rivers, water use            
after the large-scale draining throughout the…            

31.17
47.35
 
mesopotamian marshes, iraq 
off            
3500            
after the large-scale draining throughout the 1990s, the mesopotamian marshes went through another major change. after 2003, some marsh arabs returned to the wetlands, and the dams, dikes, and levees were demolished. water flowed once again from the rivers into the marshlands.
it’s still unclear whether the area has achieved successful restoration. although returning water to marshlands to restore them seems simple, the water releases were spontaneous and uncontrolled. there is still high soil and water salinity, stemming from the many years the land was dried out. the wetlands that exist now are disconnected, which affects species diversity. water also now pours into the marshes from sewer pipes.
sustained freshwater input is needed to maintain water extent. but that depends on how the water is used upstream. the ataturk dam in turkey, on the euphrates river, began filling in 1990. that and other dams in turkey, syria, and iran have reduced the volume of the tigris and euphrates rivers. the reduced flow from the rivers leads to saltwater intrusion from the gulf.
the marshland extent is still less than half of what it was in the time frame of the earliest images shown here. that reduced extent makes the area more vulnerable to year-to-year changes in precipitation. interannual variation in the water levels is evident in the images. drought in 2018 caused water levels to drop. but spring 2019 and 2020 had above average rainfall, and the marshes’ water coverage expanded. however, in the latest images shown here, a drying trend has returned. regional drought is forcing many to abandon their farmland.
the marshes will likely never be the same as they once were, even as recently as the 1960s. it’s unclear how long re-inundated areas will stay that way, considering changing climate and upstream dam projects.



the world 
cities, coasts, deserts            
artificial islands, islands, land creation, urban growth            
another impressive artificial archipelago best…            

25.1144
55.1380
 
dubai, united arab emirates 
off            
3107            
another impressive artificial archipelago best appreciated from above is “the world.” these 300 private islands are in the rough shape of a world map. each island ranges from 23,226 to 83,613 square meters (250,000 to 900,000 square feet), with 50 to 100 meters (164 to 328 feet) of water between each island.
the total area of these islands is about 9 kilometers (5.4 miles) long and 6 kilometers (3.6 miles) wide. an oval-shaped breakwater surrounds it, which provides shelter for the islands from sea waves. this breakwater actually completes the globe-like shape.
individual islands are named after countries, regions, and cities. no bridges will connect the islands—the only transportation between islands will be by airplane or boat.
the islands took shape roughly between 2004 and 2008, but the financial crisis also slowed development on these islands. however, development on the islands is starting up again on a collection of six islands called the “heart of europe.” the plan for these islands is to accommodate 16,000 tourists for luxury vacations.



three gorges dam, china 
dams, energy, water            
flooding, hydropower, lakes, reservoirs, rivers            
the three gorges dam in the hubei province of…            

30.8179
110.9978
 
three gorges dam, china 
on            
3170            
the three gorges dam in the hubei province of china is a huge but highly criticized project. it’s difficult to deny the value of hydropower as an alternative energy source to coal, but the project has possibly caused unintended consequences.
the three gorges dam is about 594 feet (181 meters) tall and 7,770 feet (2,335 meters) long. the three gorges reservoir extends 370 miles (600 kilometers) along the yangtze river upstream from the dam. at full capacity, the reservoir has a surface water area of over 417 square miles (1,080 square kilometers).
the name “three gorges” refers to the narrow gorges that the yangtze river flows through in this mountainous region: the qutang, wu, and xiling gorges. construction began in 1992, and the reservoir began filling in june 2003. in 2012, it became the world’s largest hydroelectric power plant, with a generating capacity of 22,500 megawatts, over 3 times that of the grand coulee dam and 20 times that of hoover dam.
landsat imagery displays the construction of the dam, and the reservoir filling behind the dam.



tioga 
cities, mining            
natural gas, oil            
tioga is a small town in northwestern north…            

48.1696
-103.3259
 
bakken oil boom, north dakota, usa 
off            
3213            
tioga is a small town in northwestern north dakota that has also seen rapid growth. the visible changes in the image series are oil production infrastructure surrounding the town. just east of the town is the hess corporation tioga gas plant. just west of tioga is a rail facility for loading trains with oil.
seven miles south of tioga, the clearing that can be seen in the image series is the energy transfer partners facility, a pipeline transfer facility.
population growth of tioga

tioga has also seen the same type of income and home value increases as other nearby towns.

estimated median household income in 2019: $89,422 (it was $29,740 in 2000)
estimated median house or condo value in 2019: $167,265 (it was $37,600 in 2000)




toshka project, egypt 
agriculture, deserts, water            
center pivots, irrigation, lakes, sand dunes, water use            
in southern egypt, the sandy desert has turned…            

23.0772
31.2588
 
toshka project, egypt 
on            
3183            
in southern egypt, the sandy desert has turned into a lakes region. beginning in 1998, lakes quickly appeared and almost as quickly disappeared from egypt’s sahara desert. then, in late 2019, they appeared again. landsat and sentinel-2 satellites captured these remarkable changes.
these images also show the progress of the toshka project. originally intended to relocate millions of egyptians from overcrowded cities into a “new nile valley,” the project includes plans for hundreds of thousands of hectares of irrigated farmland. like the lakes that formed in this region, this irrigation project relies upon water from the nile river.



tree islands 
agriculture, cities, mining, water, wetlands            
canals, hydrology, lakes, levees, national park            
a unique feature of the everglades is the dark…            

25.95
-80.65
 
the everglades and miami, florida, usa 
off            
3436            
a unique feature of the everglades is the dark green teardrop-shaped forms scattered throughout the region. referred to as hummocks, or “tree islands,” these biodiversity hotspots provide food, cover, and critical nesting sites for numerous species.
the patches of woody vegetation range in size from 0.01 to 70 hectares, and they stand out from the sawgrass and marsh landscape 0.6–1.2 meters (2–4 feet) above the slough bottom. the teardrop shape generally points in the direction of the flow of water.
tree islands can have as much as 10 times the nutrient phosphorus as the surrounding everglades. they soak up both phosphorus and nitrogen, allowing these spots to flourish and provide habitats for plants, invertebrates, amphibians, reptiles, mammals, and resident and migratory birds, increasing overall biodiversity. as these islands store up phosphorus, they keep phosphorus low in the surrounding marsh. when the phosphorus concentrations in the rest of the marsh goes up, cattail invades, which affects fish and wading bird populations.
the number and areal extent of tree islands have been reduced over the past 75 years with the changes in hydrology caused by the levees and canals.



tubarjal 
agriculture, deserts, water            
center pivots, irrigation, water use            
the increasing use of center-pivot irrigation…            

30.2861
38.1824 
 
wadi as-sirhan basin, saudi arabia 
off            
3077            
the increasing use of center-pivot irrigation matches the population growth of the city of tubarjal. the city expands spatially in these images, and its current population is over 40,000. the 2013 and 2016 images show that more highways and roads have been built to accommodate this growth. the highway that runs toward the northwest leads to the smaller town of al’isawiyah.



tulare basin 
agriculture            
evapotranspiration, irrigation, water use            
the tulare lake basin lies in the southern…            

35.97
-119.67
 
san joaquin valley, california, usa 
off            
3275            
the tulare lake basin lies in the southern portion of the san joaquin valley. in the indigenous yokuts language, the lake is called pa’ashi, which means “big water.” it once stretched up to 100 miles long and 30 miles wide. referred to as the largest freshwater lake west of the mississippi river, tulare lake appeared naturally as spring rains and snowmelt from the nearby sierra nevada mountain range flowed down and filled the basin. there were lots of other lakes, too, along with sloughs and marshes.
by the 1920s, the basin was drained and today remains largely dry. rivers that once flowed into the basin are diverted to agriculture. agricultural drainage is sometimes stored in several evaporation ponds, visible as the dark shapes in many of the landsat images.
some fields are flooded after harvest to remove salts accumulated during irrigation, control crop disease, and provide soil moisture for the next planting. for these purposes, water sits in the field for a week or less and is then drained. in some cases, a locally common fungal cotton pest needs to be controlled, and a deeper and longer duration flood treatment is used. water sits for over a week or many weeks and is then pumped out or drained by cutting through a levee. these flooded fields provide valuable habitat for waterfowl.
mostly dry for decades, tulare tried to become a lake again in 2023, partially refilling some of the basin. that spring, the lake expanded from snowmelt and heavy rains caused by a series of atmospheric rivers. flooding damaged cropland and homes. but it was also a lake returning.
according to the landsat images, the lake didn’t stay for the spring of 2024. water is dark blue or black. growing vegetation appears green, revealing gridded farm fields, and tan-colored fields show bare soil. landsat provides valuable monitoring for water levels.



turkey point 
agriculture, cities, mining, water, wetlands            
canals, nuclear power, population, thermal infrared            
there is a notable shape southeast of…            

25.95
-80.65
 
the everglades and miami, florida, usa 
off            
3439            
there is a notable shape southeast of homestead on the coast of the bay of biscayne. the top right corner of this shape is the location of the turkey point nuclear plant. in operation since 1972, the plant generates enough power for 900,000 homes annually.
the rest of the large area is the plant’s system of cooling canals. water in this closed loop of canals is used to keep equipment in the plant cool. the water passes through the plant to remove excess heat then goes back into the canal system. the water cools as it travels through the canals.
landsat’s thermal infrared imaging capability reveals the temperature of the water in this system. the brighter red in that image indicates warmer water. the water becomes cooler away from the plant and coolest on the right side nearest the plant where the water reenters the plant.
other warmer surfaces appear in a red hue as well, such as highways, airport runways, and other less vegetated surfaces of homestead.



university 
cities, deserts            
urban growth            
princess nora bint abdul rahman university…            

24.7117
46.7242
 
riyadh, saudi arabia 
off            
3454            
princess nora bint abdul rahman university opened in 2011 just north of riyadh. this change in land use is noticeable between king khalid international airport and the residential areas of riyadh. the college sits along the highway that curves along the campus. with a capacity of 40,000 students, it is the largest women-only university in the world. the $5.3 billion (us) campus covers over 8 million square meters.



urban development 
agriculture, cities, mining, water, wetlands            
population, urban growth            
in 1900, southeastern florida included a few…            

25.95
-80.65
 
the everglades and miami, florida, usa 
off            
3438            
in 1900, southeastern florida included a few small towns with a population of 3,592 people. throughout the 20th century, miami and other nearby towns steadily grew. according to the u.s. census bureau, the population of the miami metropolitan statistical area in 2016 was 6,066,387. in 1970, its population was listed as 1,267,792. in four and one-half decades, the population increased by over 378%.
the urban area of miami and surrounding suburbs stand out sharply against the dark green wetlands in the landsat series. the urban areas lie on a slightly higher ridge, 2 to 7 meters above sea level, to form a “backbone” of the heavily urbanized coast.
these images show urban development expanding on agricultural land north and west of homestead. homestead’s population grew from 13,674 in 1970 to 66,498 in 2015, an increase of 386%.



urban expansion 
cities, coasts            
megacity, population, urban growth            
shanghai is expanding in every direction. the…            

31.2334
121.4845
 
shanghai, china 
off            
3462            
shanghai is expanding in every direction. the city is growing in a similar pattern to other cities around the world. its population gain is mostly in suburban and exurban areas.
between 1997 and 2008, developed land increased by 219.5%, most of it converted from former cropland. that developed land includes more than just housing. industry and colleges have also moved to the urban fringe because of more space and lower land prices. the landsat images show this noticeable increase of development.



urban growth 
cities, energy            
population, solar panels, urban growth            
a population boom began in this region in the…            

34.8313
-118.2433
 
antelope valley, california, usa 
off            
3192            
a population boom began in this region in the 1980s with increases in defense spending—military and aerospace industries became the area’s primary employers. a recession in the early 1990s slowed this growth along with defense spending cuts. the population recovered and grew once again but slowed with the 2008 recession. the population has again since rebounded.
many residents of antelope valley now commute to the los angeles area. the cost of living is lower and many enjoy living in the smaller urban areas.
despite drifting with the ups and downs of economic trade winds, these landsat images display this urban growth. these images use near-infrared and shortwave infrared imaging to emphasize the expansion of streets and buildings. urban and residential areas are in purple hues. dark green circles and rectangles are farm fields, while the blocky shapes on the left side of the 2020 image are solar panels.
the two major cities visible in these images are lancaster and palmdale. lancaster has seen a 252% increase in population since 1980. palmdale has grown by a whopping 1,231% since 1980.
lancaster



year
population


2022
169,185


2010
156,643


2000
118,718


1990
97,291


1980
48,027



 
palmdale



year
population


2022
163,463


2010
152,755


2000
116,670


1990
68,842


1980
12,277






urban growth 
agriculture, cities, deserts, water            
delta, urban growth            
cairo, on the nile river delta in egypt,…            

30.0999
 31.0688
 
nile river delta, egypt 
off            
3428            
cairo, on the nile river delta in egypt, appears as the large gray expanse in these landsat images. the city increased in population from 1.5 million to 6 million between 1947 and 1986. its 2023 population was estimated to be just over 22 million. urban expansion is also noticeable in the other parts of the delta, as indicated by the increased size of the smaller urban areas surrounding cairo.
so, where are the great pyramids? they are visible, but landsat's 30-meter resolution is not designed to show that much detail.



urban growth 
cities, coasts, deserts            
airport, freeways, land creation, land reclamation, roads, urban growth            
this image series reveals more details about…            

25.2853
51.53
 
doha, qatar 
off            
3278            
this image series reveals more details about the expansion of doha’s road network. roads are arranged concentrically around the old city’s center. low-rise urban development expands outward from that center, connected by new ring roads and large freeways.
in the 1950s, the population of doha was around 14,000. increasing oil revenues enabled qatar to expand economically, resulting in dramatic urban expansion of its capital. the price of oil rose in the 1970s and 1980s, and doha’s growth increased along with it. doha grew from around 500,000 people in the late 1990s to 1.5 million in 2011. the city's 2023 estimated population is over 2 million.
after the turn of the 21st century, doha’s growth involved adding land area. the amount of coastline increased greatly after 2001 with the additions of the new airport and the high-end residences and businesses of the pearl-qatar.



urban heat island 
cities            
population, urban growth, urban heat island            
those constructed surfaces have another…            

18.509
73.857
 
pune, india 
off            
3395            
those constructed surfaces have another measurable effect. construction materials like concrete and brick absorb heat. they then release the heat at night, increasing temperatures and creating an urban heat island.
one study found that over 2001–2016, the land surface temperature rose in pune in areas where there is reduced green cover. the outskirts of pune especially experienced this increase in temperatures. an increase of 4–5 degrees celsius is possible between the city and rural areas. the urban heat island effect can also mean warmer than normal nighttime temperatures.
besides the urban heat island effect, urbanization can also affect regional climate. studies have observed that the change in temperatures can cause a change in local wind and precipitation patterns.
the urbanization appears in the images as pink and lavender hues. pink lines are roads that spider-web across the landscape.
with the world population becoming increasingly urban, the need for assessment and monitoring of urban areas becomes more important. decades of consistent data from the landsat satellites make them effective for this kind of environmental monitoring.



uzbekistan, south aral sea 
agriculture, dams, water            
canals, declassified, fishing, irrigation, lakes, rivers, saltwater, seas, water use            
although using the dam to retain most of the…            

45.016
58.99
 
aral sea, kazakhstan and uzbekistan 
off            
3197            
although using the dam to retain most of the water from the syr darya in the north aral sea has had beneficial results in kazakhstan, it means the water in the south is even more depleted.
the amu darya, which flows through uzbekistan into the south aral sea, is used now more than ever to irrigate crops, reducing the flow to the south aral. although improvements in irrigation efficiency could greatly reduce the amount of water used for irrigation, making these improvements has not been a high priority.
while the north and south arals were separating into their own water bodies, the larger south aral also divided into two lakes: the deep western lake and a shallower eastern lake. an increasingly long channel connects the two water bodies. this channel flows either direction depending on the wind and the relative levels of the two basins.
in the past, commercial fishing was also a major industry in the south aral sea. in the 1980s, as the salinity level in the aral sea was rising, flounder-gloss—a fish species with the ability to reproduce at salinities from 17 to 60 grams per litter—was introduced successfully into the aral from the sea of azov. in the 1990s, it became the only commercial fish species available for catch in the aral sea. however, by the end of the 1990s, the salinity reached over 60 grams per liter, which made the south aral uninhabitable for its last surviving fish species. the salinity level in south aral is now over 100 grams per liter, and it has no fish.
recent images intermittently show water in the eastern lobe of the south aral. while the 2014 image shows the eastern lobe of the south aral as completely dry, the 2015 image shows the return of some water there. the presence of water in the eastern lobe depends on inflow from the amu darya and outflow from the north aral. this cyclical drying and then refilling is expected to continue for some time, even with restoration efforts.




verdi ice shelf, antarctica 
glaciers            
ice shelves, icebergs, rifts            
ice shelves surround about three-fourths of…            

-71.639
-74.416
 
verdi ice shelf, antarctica 
on            
3314            
ice shelves surround about three-fourths of antarctica’s coastline. these floating extensions of glaciers play an important role in stabilizing antarctica’s mass balance of ice. ice shelves both grow and shrink. they gain mass from the glaciers that flow into them over land, from snowfall, and from sea water freezing underneath them. they lose mass by calving icebergs or melting from below.
icebergs regularly break off the ends of ice shelves, but ice shelves can collapse—and this can happen quickly. for example, a large portion of the larsen b ice shelf, located on the antarctic peninsula, collapsed in 2002. over the course of about one month, 3,250 square kilometers of the ice shelf collapsed. the remains of the ice shelf are weakening.
an ice shelf collapse can make the glaciers that flow into them more unstable, making them flow faster and recede faster. as glaciers accelerate and recede, more ice ends up in the ocean, contributing to sea level rise.
a relatively small ice shelf named verdi, also located on the antarctic peninsula, is showing signs of instability. the rapid development of the rifts seen in these landsat images suggests that it may be on the verge of collapse.
(black stripes run through some of the images because of the scan line corrector failure on landsat 7 in may 2003.)



visible features 
cities            
airport, canals, expressways, inner city, urban growth            
beijing traditionally consisted of the square…            

39.9161
116.3909 
 
beijing, china 
off            
3110            
beijing traditionally consisted of the square, walled inner city and the rectangular, walled outer city to its south. the walls no longer stand, but in their place the second ring road now outlines the inner city, and canals outline the outer city. these and the outer third ring and fourth ring roads are partly visible in the landsat images.
the capital airport is the large runway complex northeast of the city. a new runway opened in 2007, and that expansion can be seen when comparing the 2000 and 2022 images. in 2000, the capital airport handled 21.7 million passengers. in 2011, it handled over 77 million passengers. in only 10 years, it moved from the 42nd busiest airport in the world to the 2nd busiest.



wadi as-sirhan basin, saudi arabia 
agriculture, deserts, water            
aquifer, center pivots, groundwater, irrigation, water use            
oil and water don’t mix. but in the desert of…            

30.2861 
38.1824
 
wadi as-sirhan basin, saudi arabia 
on            
3075            
oil and water don’t mix. but in the desert of saudi arabia, they do have something in common. they are both nonrenewable resources.
almost no agriculture is visible in the 1986 landsat image of the barren wadi as-sirhan basin. then, in each successive image, more green dots appear in the desert. each green dot is an agricultural field watered by a center-pivot irrigation system.
water is pumped from an underground aquifer to irrigate the fields of fruit, vegetables, and wheat. most of this aquifer, called the al-disi aquifer, is located under the saudi arabian desert, but some of it extends northwest into jordan. water scarcity in this region brings the potential for conflict.



war comes to the marshes 
water, wetlands            
irrigation, marshes, oil, rivers, water use            
the marsh wetlands supported the traditional…            

31.17
47.35
 
mesopotamian marshes, iraq 
off            
3498            
the marsh wetlands supported the traditional lifestyles of an estimated half-million people. the marsh arabs, also known as the ma’dan, lived for centuries away from outside pressure, a unique subculture based on fishing, harvesting reeds, and raising water buffalo. they were mostly isolated as recently as 1967.
in the 1986 image, the wetlands began to be carved out for irrigated agriculture and oil drilling. but the marsh arab homeland changed even more when it became a frontline in the iran-iraq war.
military embankments were created at the southern end of the wetlands, affecting mostly the al hawizeh marshes. evidence of those embankments is still present in recent imagery. the intriguing shapes and patterns that resulted are even featured in an earth as art image.
in 1988, above normal rainfall briefly made the marsh extent greater than it had been. however, the marshes were about to experience an even greater shock that led to drastic declines in the supply of water.

1986                                                                                    2022



water level changes 
water, wetlands            
aerial photos, drought, flooding, migration            
even with water diverted from rivers into the…            

38.455
-98.68
 
cheyenne bottoms, kansas, usa 
off            
3502            
even with water diverted from rivers into the cheyenne bottoms, little water makes it to the vast wetland during times of reduced streamflow. expansion of center pivots in kansas has led to a lower groundwater level and lower surface flows from streams.
decades of landsat imagery demonstrate the water level changes over time. the bottoms experienced flooding in 2007, then began to dry up in 2011.
in 2013, the wetland dried up but filled again in late summer in time for the fall migration.
the wetlands were wet again in 2016–2017, went through a short drought in 2018, then had a very wet year in 2019. in 2020, the drought returned, and that spun into severe drought in 2022.
in addition to landsat, the eros archive contains aerial photos. a historical aerial photo from 1954 shows the wetland with the newly constructed dikes to divide it into five pools. the color aerial photo is from 2021 from the usda naip program. a close up shows the location of the inlet canal from wet walnut creek.
an outlet channel allows water to drain during heavy rains. it carries water east into little cheyenne creek and eventually to the arkansas river. flooding, however, was not the problem in 2022.



water level fluctuations 
water, wetlands            
islands, lake, rain, river            
lake chad’s lakebed is flat and shallow, so…            

13.1
14.2800
 
lake chad, west africa 
off            
3360            
lake chad’s lakebed is flat and shallow, so small changes in water level greatly affect its surface water area. during an average rainy season, the water level in the lake is typically 5–8 meters deep, although it has gone through many wet and dry climatic regimes for thousands of years when water levels were much higher or lower than normal. therefore, it may be more accurate to think of lake chad as a deep wetland than a lake.
in fact, lake chad can now be divided into three distinct regions: the southern pool, the northern pool, and the great barrier. the southern pool is fed by the chari river, which provides around 90% of lake chad’s water. the northern pool is irregularly flooded and contains a series of sand dune islands. the komadougou-yobe river, which has become a seasonal river, enters the northern pool but contributes to the lake only in rainy seasons. a ridge referred to as the great barrier separates the two pools.
water level fluctuations are not new to lake chad. in the last 1,000 years, according to fossil evidence, the lake probably dried out a half-dozen times. a chart shows levels since the 1870s, from actual measurements and from estimates based on nile river discharge.
this image series shows the location of the chari river delta on the southern end of lake chad, along with increasing amounts of wetland.



water levels 
dams, water            
drought, lakes, reservoirs, water use            
drought combined with water withdrawals has…            

36.9378
-111.4841
 
lake powell, utah and arizona, usa 
off            
3382            
drought combined with water withdrawals has caused a drop in the lake’s water level. the reservoir finished filling in 1980. the highest water level recorded was in july 1983. the lowest was in april 2023, when the lake level was down about 185 feet from its high mark.
on the chart, the numbers on the left indicate feet above sea level for the lake’s water level. a water level of 3,700 feet is the reservoir at full capacity.
lake powell historical water level data

source: u.s. bureau of reclamation.



watering the sahara 
agriculture, deserts            
aquifer, calibration, center-pivot, irrigation, water use            
one of the best test sites, named egypt-2, was…            

22.57
28.52 
 
sharq el owainat, egypt 
off            
3097            
one of the best test sites, named egypt-2, was steadily reliable until around the late 1990s. in a vast expanse of sahara desert in southern egypt, center pivot irrigation fields began appearing where there had only been sand just a few years before, changing the reflectance.
precipitation is extremely rare here, so how do they get water for all these crops?
the region, called sharq el owainat, sits atop the nubian sandstone aquifer system. groundwater from the aquifer is pumped through wells to the surface and spread to the field via center-pivot irrigation sprinklers. the region now produces about a third of egypt’s wheat crop, which is exported by way of the sharq el owainat airport.
with all of that land use change happening in the region, egypt-2 could not continue as a test site.




watford city 
cities, mining            
natural gas, oil            
another growing community is watford city,…            

48.1696
-103.3259
 
bakken oil boom, north dakota, usa 
off            
3214            
another growing community is watford city, which built a new high school in 2016, just east of town. in terms of percent increase, watford city’s growing population is impressive: a 333% increase from 2000 to 2020. watford city has also seen the same type of income and home value increases as other nearby towns.
population growth of watford city


estimated median household income in 2019: $74,432 (it was $29,688 in 2000)
estimated median house or condo value in 2019: $250,421 (it was $42,900 in 2000)




west devils lake 
dams, water            
flooding, floods, lakes, rivers            
one flood mitigation plan might be to…            

48.0436
-98.8516
 
devils lake, north dakota, usa 
off            
3267            
one flood mitigation plan might be to encourage excess water from devils lake to flow through its natural overflow point into the sheyenne river before the level becomes too high. the problem with this idea is of water quality. as a closed basin lake, devils lake contains more sulfates than the sheyenne river. devils lake water cannot simply be pumped into the river.
because the majority of the water enters the west end of the lake, the amount of dissolved solids increases toward the east part of the lake. so even though the natural outflow point is in stump lake in the eastern portion of the basin, the state of north dakota built an outlet on the west side.
this outlet can pump up to 250 cubic feet (7 cubic meters) per second into the river. it was built as an emergency outlet to mitigate the damage that could be caused by a natural spillover of the lake.  however, when the sheyenne river is high, the amount of water that can be pumped into it is limited.
landsat imagery is one of many data sources used to help solve the problems caused by the rising levels of devils lake. monitoring the changes caused by the rising waters can help mitigate damage to farmland, roads, and structures.



western side 
cities, coasts            
reservoirs, urban growth            
urban growth in sydney is seen on its western…            

-33.852
151.2105
 
sydney, australia 
off            
3175            
urban growth in sydney is seen on its western side. the light greens and purples in this sequence of images are residential and retail areas, and they are expanding over the green and tan colors of a more vegetated landscape. even with this population growth, natural areas are preserved.
the lake that looks like the top of a rooster’s head is prospect reservoir. it’s been there since long before satellites. it was completed in 1888 to supply sydney with water. the earthfill dam that formed the reservoir is 2.2 kilometers long and 26 meters high. the reservoir is surrounded by green in the images—the prospect nature reserve. the purpose of the reserve is to offer environmental education, bushland conservation, and recreation such as walking and biking trails.
the 2013 image reveals a new highway that runs in a north-south direction on the west side of prospect reservoir. the westlink m7 toll road opened to traffic in december 2005. north of the reservoir, the highway turns sharply to the east.



western suburbs 
cities, deserts, water            
airports, freeways, golf courses, population, rivers, stadium, streets, suburbs, urban growth, water use            
images of the western side of the phoenix…            

33.4352
-112.0241
 
phoenix, arizona, usa 
off            
3057            
images of the western side of the phoenix metro area show the city growing out to meet luke air force base. the base, which opened in 1941, is in the upper left of the images. just east of the base is an example of the typical urban growth pattern. the 2001 image shows a large bright area, which is the ground being cleared for housing construction. the 2011 image then shows this same area as a new residential area.
the agua fria river flows from north to south through the middle of these images. however, “flow” might not be the right word—the river is usually dry. north of phoenix, the new waddell dam keeps much of its flow in the lake pleasant reservoir. the reach of the river seen in these images is below the dam, and the river flows only when water is released from the dam.
a reliable marker of urban growth, freeway expansion, can be seen here as well. although interstate 10 does not exist in the 1973 image, it’s the main east-west route seen in the rest of the images. in 1991, a north-south route, the agua fria freeway (loop 101), is shown as under construction east of luke air force base. the freeway begins in the northern part of the 1991 image, and by the 2011 image, loop 101 has connected up with interstate 10. the 2023 image reveals even more freeway construction west and north of luke air force base.
loop 101 goes right by a new stadium, only visible in the 2011 and 2023 images. state farm stadium, which opened in 2006, is where the arizona cardinals of the national football league play their home games.
this retractable roof stadium can be seen as a bright white oval surrounded by dark colored parking lots. the natural grass field can be rolled outside to get sunlight, then rolled inside before a game. in a close-up of the 2015 image, the bright red pixels southeast of the stadium reveal that at the time the image was taken, the field was outside. an image from 2014 shows the stadium with the roof open and the field inside.
high-resolution images also show the stadium both with the roof open and closed. an earlier image from 2004 even shows the stadium under construction.



western urban expansion 
cities, deserts, water            
construction, golf courses, lakes, population, suburb, urban growth, water use            
in these false-color images, bright green…            

36.2551
-115.2383
 
las vegas, nevada, usa 
off            
3060            
in these false-color images, bright green indicates vegetation. as the city expands, you can see a sort of land cover succession as people build on the desert landscape.

non-developed land cover appears orange-brown in the landsat 5–8 images. this color comes from sparse desert vegetation, reddish soils, and rock.
construction land appears brighter than surrounding land. bulldozed soil, bare of vegetation, is very reflective of light.
a young neighborhood appears a little paler green than older neighborhoods. the trees are small, and some developments conserve water by landscaping with rock and desert plants rather than grass.
an old neighborhood is slightly darker green than new neighborhoods from the mature trees and more grass.
golf courses appear bright green because they are mostly pure pixels of vegetation. residential areas are darker green because the pixels there are a mixture of trees and grass along with structures. new golf courses tend to be incorporated into residential developments, while older courses tend to be separate.
water (2) appears almost black because water typically absorbs solar radiation at the wavelengths depicted in these images. like golf courses, water is sometimes integrated into residential developments for recreational purposes.




westward expansion 
cities            
highways, population, urban growth            
pronounced urban/suburban expansion is visible…            

29.4241
-98.4936
 
san antonio, texas, usa 
off            
3374            
pronounced urban/suburban expansion is visible on the west edge of the city. the main outer loop highway visible in all images is 1604. new residential areas push westward to expand beyond this outer loop into the surrounding forests. also noticeable is the addition of highway 151, which runs from east to west. new retail development can be seen as the small bright white shapes just north of where this highway intersects with 1604. can you also spot where a golf course was built in this time period? how about the progression of other new roadways?



wet-dry cycle 
deserts, water            
dust, hydrology, lakebed, lakes, playa, scarp, sediments, wind            
black rock playa in nevada is dry and dusty…            

40.7861 
-119.207
 
black rock playa, nevada, usa 
off            
3053            
black rock playa in nevada is dry and dusty when it comes time for the burning man festival in late summer, but it’s often wet during winter and early spring. mean annual precipitation in the playa is about 17 centimeters, but water also flows into the playa from melting snow in the mountains to form shallow lakes of varying size.
the shortwave infrared and near-infrared bands on the landsat sensors accentuate water and the land-water boundary. the silty water on the playa pops in bright aqua in the images. the frequent flooding and drying keeps the playa surface firm.
it is possible, though rare, for lakes to stay through an entire calendar year, such as from fall 1983 to spring 1985. a september 16, 1984, landsat image shows the playa as still wet. most other years, the lakes dry up by midsummer.
an image from may 4, 1993, shows an interesting effect. water from that year’s temporary lake was blown out of its bed to the north by a strong south wind. a shallow scarp, only 20–40 centimeters high, curves around the north edge of the playa and often marks the edge of the lake. but the blue color washes over the scarp in this image.
on the other hand, the playa occasionally does not flood at all. if that happens for a few years in a row, the surface can become soft and loose, as happened from 2002 to 2004 when the playa remained dry. after two springs (2005 and 2006) of lake formation and desiccation, flooding restored the surface to a hard and durable crust.
if lake formation on the playa becomes less frequent in the future, it could become a source of dust emissions. in this relatively remote area, remote sensing with satellites provides an efficient means to monitor hydrologic conditions.



what if the glacier dam doesn't break? 
glaciers, water            
fjord, ice, lake            
if the glacier permanently blocks russell…            

60.3139
-139.3708
 
hubbard glacier, alaska, usa 
off            
3328            
if the glacier permanently blocks russell fjord, the fjord would turn into a 64-kilometer-long lake. this lake would eventually drain into the situk river at the lake’s southern end. this would disrupt the river’s fisheries and potentially threaten the tourism and economy of yakutat.
a 2015 study found that, given the rate of the glacier’s advance over the past few decades, it’s unlikely that the channel will remain open by the end of this century. since hubbard glacier has been continuously advancing since 1895, there’s good reason for concern over this possibility.
the 2010 and 2015 images show an open channel from russell fjord to disenchantment bay. but notice that even when the channel is open, the opening is narrow. in the 2015 landsat image, the channel is about 540 meters wide. the channel width also varies annually.
if you would like a more scientific explanation of the phenomenon, read a short journal article written by two usgs scientists. and see the usgs press release describing the 2002 event.



what the colors mean 
agriculture, aquaculture, cities, coasts, dams, deforestation, deserts, energy, fires, forests, glaciers, mining, mountains, natural disasters, water, wetlands, wildlife            
 
all of the colors in a satellite image,…            
  
about earthshots 
off            
3073            
all of the colors in a satellite image, similar to images on a tv or computer monitor, are made up of a combination of red, green, and blue light, or rgb for short. the sensors capture these images in grayscale. these grayscale images are assigned the color red, green, or blue, which display the brightness of each of these colors. when we combine the three images, we get a false color image. with all of the possible combinations of red, green, and blue values, this provides for a display system capable of providing over a million different colors.
each image shows a specific section of the electromagnetic spectrum, called a band. landsats 1–3 collected data in four different bands. landsat 5 collected seven different bands, and landsat 7 collects eight different bands. landsats 8 and 9 collect 11 different bands.
three of the bands are combined to form an image, each band assigned as red, green, or blue (in that order) to produce natural color, false color, or color-infrared images as demonstrated in the mt. vernon, washington, images.



what the satellite images show 
coasts, wildlife            
migration            
all these snow geese overgrazed their nesting…            

59
-94.7317
 
knife river delta, canada 
off            
3358            
all these snow geese overgrazed their nesting grounds. many of these shoreline "oases" were transformed to mudflats. comparison of the 1973 and 1996 landsat images shows the area of bright, bare shoreline spreading inland into the vegetation, although the tidal change makes it hard to tell how much.
to make the changes easier to see, we simplified the landsat images into one-dimensional "vegetation index" images, showing how much plant life there was in 1973 and 1996. photosynthesizing plants reflect more infrared energy than visible energy; these images show that difference on a scale of –100 to +100. green means growing plants, yellow means bare ground, and red means water (though we blacked out hudson bay and its inlets). then, to make the changes even easier to see, we combined the vegetation images into a single change-image, in which green shows where vegetation increased from 1973 to 1996 and red shows where it decreased. there is a definite red swath north of the delta, inland from the beach, which indicates a sharp decrease in vegetation. the beach itself, like most of the image, shows a light yellow-green color, suggesting a slight increase in vegetative growth. this small change could be from an actual increase in vegetation, or just from sensor "noise."
scientists evaluating 1,200 miles of shoreline habitat along hudson bay said about a third was severely damaged and another third destroyed. once the soil is bare the surface temperature increases, which increases evaporation, which leaves behind an accumulation of natural salts on the surface. this salty layer inhibits the recovery of plants. erosion also damages the thin soil. at nearby la perouse bay, scientists built a pen around some bared ground to keep the birds out, and after 12 years there was only 5% regrowth.
despite the loss of forage, the geese keep homing back to the same area, and they keep reproducing using energy gained during migration. the goslings are not so lucky. many snow goose families at la perouse bay walk up to 30 miles to find food, and only 10% of the goslings survive. but adults commonly live and reproduce into their teens, so the population keeps growing.
destroyed habitat could make the aged snow goose population collapse. already, less-numerous species have been affected; at la perouse bay, the numbers of american wigeons, northern shovelers, yellow rails, stilt sandpipers, hudsonian godwits, and short-billed dowitchers have fallen 90 percent since 1980. diseases could also sweep through the crowded snow geese, and spread to other bird species. even if the snow geese don't collapse, the population could sink to a low level of health and productivity.
this is a new situation for wildlife managers, who worked for many years to increase population numbers. many managers want more hunting along the migration flyways. controlling the food supply is impossible, and reducing habitat on public lands could harm other species. it is also hard to use the nesting geese and eggs for food, since geese and people there live far apart. government programs would be expensive to set up, and hunters already kill about a half million snow geese annually, which accounts for about two-thirds of adult snow goose mortality.
managers have proposed removing various restrictions on hunting and even subsidies or awards for hunting. some believe that increased hunting is "too little, too late" to prevent destruction of the habitat and collapse of the population.



when a glacier is a dam 
glaciers, water            
fjord, ice, lake            
hubbard glacier slides in from the north in…            

60.3139
-139.3708
 
hubbard glacier, alaska, usa 
off            
3326            
hubbard glacier slides in from the north in these images. two bodies of water meet at the end of the glacier. disenchantment bay extends to the southwest into yakutat bay, which eventually connects to the gulf of alaska. russell fjord is the narrow body of saltwater extending southeast and is connected to disenchantment bay.
in may 1986, hubbard glacier blocked the outlet of russell fjord, creating a dam that formed “russell lake.” that summer, the new lake filled with runoff; its water level rose 25 meters, and a decrease in salinity levels threatened its marine life.
around midnight on october 8, 1986, the dam began to give way. in the next 24 hours an estimated 5.3 billion cubic meters of water gushed through the gap, and the fjord was reconnected to disenchantment bay, returning to its previous level.



when a glacier is a dam, part 2 
glaciers, water            
fjord, ice, lake            
hubbard glacier blocked the entrance to…            

60.3139
-139.3708
 
hubbard glacier, alaska, usa 
off            
3327            
hubbard glacier blocked the entrance to russell fjord again in 2002. the blockage started in june and raised the level of the lake to 18.5 meters above sea level. on august 14, the ice dam broke free, and for the next day and a half, the channel was full of fast-moving ice chunks and debris. by the morning of august 15, the lake level had dropped to 4.8 meters above sea level.



where is the water? 
agriculture, dams, water            
canals, irrigation, rivers, water use            
the first question people have when seeing…            

45.016
58.99
 
aral sea, kazakhstan and uzbekistan 
off            
3199            
the first question people have when seeing these images of the aral sea over time is, where did the water go?
the images that go along with this section show where a lot of it is going. these images are from a landsat scene south of the aral sea, upstream along the amu darya. the urban area in the center of the close-up image is urgench, uzbekistan.
both images show extensive irrigated cropland along the amu darya. canals can be seen stretching across the region, along with several pools of stored water. there is still plenty of water in the rivers that feed the aral, it’s just being used before it can get there.



wildlife 
agriculture, wildlife            
accident, exclusion zone, nuclear power plant, radiation            
the exclusion zone is not officially a…            

51.2619
30.2360
 
chernobyl, ukraine 
off            
3232            
the exclusion zone is not officially a wildlife preserve, but with virtually no human intervention in the 1,600-square-mile zone since the accident, wildlife is prospering. studies with automated cameras have spotted bison, boars, wild horses, beavers, badgers, red foxes, deer, moose, and wolves. gray wolves are especially abundant. the density of gray wolves there is higher than it is even in yellowstone national park.
if there are radiation effects on animal populations in the exclusion zone, they are overshadowed by the lack of human intervention in the zone. in short, animals are free to thrive when there are no humans hunting them, building on the land, or hitting them with cars.



wildlife 
agriculture, water, wildlife            
flooding, lakes            
lake thompson is a crucial habitat for…            

44.2623
-97.455
 
lake thompson, south dakota, usa 
off            
3403            
lake thompson is a crucial habitat for migratory birds. the simultaneous presence of open water, shallow mudflats, cattail marshes, and wet meadows offers a diverse landscape for shorebirds, waterfowl, wading birds, and gulls.
herons and egrets use the shallow water and mudflats on the lake’s fringes. pelicans, gulls, terns, and ducks thrive in the open water.
the dead trees that remained standing were perfect nesting habitat for cormorants, eagles, herons, and egrets. eventually, the dead trees collapsed, and the habitat changed again.
besides affecting farmland and wildlife habitats, the expanding lake has flooded several roads. for example, 218th street, also known as oldham grade, crosses the southern part of the lake. it was closed for much of the 1990s. it is open again, but the area’s roads often need repair from the high water.
landsat data can be used to map these changes and help organizations like south dakota game, fish, and parks understand the interaction between lake levels and wildlife populations.



wildlife refuge 
cities, wildlife            
freeways, prairie, urban growth, wildlife refuge            
there is a noticeable area of undeveloped land…            

39.7436
 -105.0202
 
denver, colorado, usa 
off            
3123            
there is a noticeable area of undeveloped land in all that urban growth. just west of the new airport is open land that is now protected from development.
the former area of farmland and grazing land became a chemical weapons manufacturing facility during world war ii. chemical weapons manufacturing ended in 1969, and shell oil co. began using the facility to produce agricultural chemicals. this continued until 1985.
referred to as the most contaminated place in america, environmental recovery efforts at the site began in the 1980s and continue today. the area became rocky mountain arsenal national wildlife refuge in 1992. the valuable prairie, wetland, and woodland habitat is a sanctuary for bison, deer, bald eagles, owls, and many other species. the refuge reached its current size of 15,000 acres in 2010 and offers visitors fishing, hiking, and wildlife viewing.
usgs aerial photos from 1953 and 1971 show these facilities. many of the structures are no longer there in recent high-resolution images.



williston 
cities, mining            
airport, drilling, highways, oil, oil platforms, well pads            
located on the north side of a bend in the…            

48.1696
-103.3259
 
bakken oil boom, north dakota, usa 
off            
3212            
located on the north side of a bend in the missouri river, williston is one of the larger cities in the center of the oil boom in north dakota. the city’s population has more than doubled since the 2000 census.
population growth of williston


estimated median household income in 2019: $84,296 (it was $29,962 in 2000)
estimated median house or condo value in 2019: $252,857 (it was $56,600 in 2000)

while pad drilling reduced the impact of necessary infrastructure, more roads are still needed when urban areas expand. a prominent four-lane highway now loops around williston’s west side—highway 85.
just to the northwest of where that new highway curves, a new, larger airport was built to meet the needs of the rapidly growing city. williston basin international airport opened in 2019.



wind 
energy            
wind, wind power, wind turbines            
the open spaces and high winds make the…            

34.8313
-118.2433
 
antelope valley, california, usa 
off            
3190            
the open spaces and high winds make the northern part of antelope valley an ideal wind energy center. it’s also close to los angeles, so the length and cost of transmission lines is relatively low.
most of these turbines are grouped around the tehachapi pass, where air flow from the pacific ocean funnels through the tehachapi mountains.
throughout this series of landsat images, displayed in natural color, new lines are etched in the landscape, like a giant geoglyph. these roads connect to bright spots indicating the locations of wind towers. most appeared between 2010 and 2014, but many new towers were built in the northern portion of the images at the foothills of the mountain range between 2014 and 2018.
the first wind towers, which stood 45 to 60 feet tall, were built in this region in the 1980s. new wind towers are up to 500 feet tall and each produce 1 to 2.4 megawatts of power.
the united states wind turbine database shows locations and owners of every wind turbine in the u.s. according to the viewer, the number of wind turbines in this part of the landsat images is 3,250 with a rated capacity of 2,905 megawatts (as of may 2023).



worldview-2 detail 
agriculture            
near-infrared            
on the edge of the seno plain, up against the…            

14.064
-3.47
 
seno plain, mali 
off            
3333            
on the edge of the seno plain, up against the bandiagara escarpment, a brighter red appears in a few areas. this is denser tree cover and vegetation near a seasonal watercourse. but it’s not all tree cover.
there is farmland under those trees in a farming strategy called recessive farming, that is, farming when flood waters recede after the rainy season. so the red seen in the landsat imagery is not only from the trees but also from crops. the trees are darker red tones, and crops are light red.
an image from the worldview-2 satellite shows much more detail, 1.8-meter resolution. plots of farm fields occupy most of this close-up image. individual trees are the bright red spots. villages are the bluish-gray patches.
while worldview-2 does not offer the frequent repeat coverage of landsat, it does help show enough detail to see whether tree coverage is changing over time. click this image to see an enlarged view.



wyperfeld national park, australia 
fires, forests            
fire scars, lakes            
these images show wyperfeld national park,…            

-35.6200
141.5000
 
wyperfeld national park, australia 
on            
3264            
these images show wyperfeld national park, victoria, in southeastern australia. the park is native shrubland—the australian “bush”—and appears in the landsat images in dark tones. grazing land appears pink, and cropland is a green-yellow pattern. fires occur in the park almost every year, leaving huge fire scars: bright, bared earth that quickly regrows.
this area’s dry climate lies between wet coastal forest and interior desert. within these images, the wimmera river flows from the wetter south to the drier north, where it dies in a chain of lakes. in these landsat images, the southernmost lake (lake hindmarsh) is always filled, the northernmost (lake agnes) is always dry, and the middle lake (lake albacutya) is wet in 1977 but dry thereafter, having last filled from 1974 to 1982.
before european settlement, this region was near-forest—shrubs and small trees growing in varying density—with an understory of shrubs or grass. from the 1840s on, much of this bush was burned off to clear land for farming. forested area (including shrubland) decreased in this region of australia from an estimated 90% in 1869 to only 30–40% by 1987. wheat yields in this region were high, so people tried farming even the areas with poorer or sandier soils. crop failure in these sandy areas gave wyperfeld the deceptive name “the big desert.” these sandy areas can be seen in the landsat images as sand ridges in the park and as pink areas outside the parks, representing grazing land.



yanacocha mine, peru 
mining            
gold, open pits            
the expanding yanacocha mine dominates the…            

-7.0005
-78.5318
 
yanacocha mine, peru 
on            
3253            
the expanding yanacocha mine dominates the land change seen in this series of images. operated by the newmont mining corporation in greenwood village, colorado, the yanacocha mine is the second largest gold mine in the world, and the largest in latin america. consisting of seven distinct deposits, the open pits cover over 30,000 hectares of land.
the mine is located about 45 kilometers from cajamarca in northern peru on top of yanacocha mountain at an altitude of 4,700 meters, nestled in the andes mountains.
mining operations at yanacocha have been continuously expanding since 1993. production peaked in 2005 when the mine produced 3.33 million ounces of gold. in 2014, just over 1 million ounces of gold came out of the mine. as of december 31, 2014, reserves are estimated to be 155 metric tons of gold.
in these false-color landsat images, the expansion of the open pit mining is shown in varying shades of pink. green is vegetation, and agricultural areas near the city of cajamarca (visible as bright pink and purple shades) appear as bright green in the bottom center of the images.



yellowstone lake 
fires, forests, natural disasters            
fire scars, lakes, recovery            
as you look through this time series, see if…            

44.4444
-110.6034
 
yellowstone national park, usa 
off            
3144            
as you look through this time series, see if you can identify new fires that occurred after the big 1988 fires. even the latest image is a patchwork of undisturbed forest, areas at different stages of recovery from fire, and fresh burn scars.
fires continue to burn in yellowstone, and future fires are expected. scientists have noticed that the average number of lightning-started fires has been increasing each year since the 1990s. in the near future, the western united states will likely have increasingly intense wildfires.



yellowstone national park, usa 
fires, forests, natural disasters            
burn severity, fire scars, infrared, lakes, recovery            
the summer of 1988 was unusually dry in the…            

44.4444
-110.6034
 
yellowstone national park, usa 
on            
3141            
the summer of 1988 was unusually dry in the western united states. dry cold fronts brought high wind and lightning but no rain. along with high temperatures, these conditions created extreme fire danger.
yellowstone national park encompasses about 2,221,800 total acres. by mid-july 1988, 8,500 acres had burned in greater yellowstone. that’s not too unusual. but by the end of july, the dry conditions were quickly making the fires uncontrollable, and the fires grew to about 99,000 acres. on august 20, strong winds increased the size of the fires and 150,000 acres burned on that one day. the fires did not stop until snow came in september. in total, more than 793,000 acres, or 36 percent of the park, burned.
yellowstone is representative of temperate mountain ecosystems throughout western north america. what is learned from the massive 1988 fires and subsequent recovery of these ecosystems can be applied to other regions.



yucca flat, nevada, usa 
deserts            
aerial photos, craters, declassified            
one of the most cratered…            

37.0888
-116.0413
 
yucca flat, nevada, usa 
on            
3470            
one of the most cratered landscapes on earth is part of the nevada desert called yucca flat. the craters are the remnants of decades of nuclear tests conducted by the u.s. government since early in the cold war.
at the nevada test site, located about 65 miles northwest of las vegas, 928 nuclear tests took place: 100 were atmospheric and the rest were underground. it’s those underground tests that made the craters—so they are technically not impact craters but subsidence craters.
the flat basin of the nellis air force gunnery and bombing range, which is also filled with arid grasses, forbs, and shrubs, provided security and secrecy for these tests.



zabol 
deserts, water, wetlands            
canal, lake, reservoir            
the lakes visible in these close-up images are…            

31.1296
61.382
 
lake hamoun, iran and afghanistan 
off            
3372            
the lakes visible in these close-up images are the chah-nimeh reservoirs. these natural cavities in the southern sistan plain are near zabol, iran, which is seen in the upper left of these images. the water in these reservoirs provides drinking water for zabol, whose 2013 population was about 122,000. canals connecting the reservoirs can be seen along with a canal that that branches off the helmand river, on the right.
a field study conducted in december 2009 and january 2010 found a low level of water flow in the helmand river, which failed to reach lake hamoun. instead, the water was diverted to the chah-nimeh reservoirs.












search by theme




agriculture


agriculture







aquaculture


aquaculture







cities


cities







coasts


coasts







dams


dams







deforestation


deforestation







deserts


deserts







energy


energy







fires


fires







forests


forests







glaciers


glaciers







mining


mining







mountains


mountains







natural disasters


natural disasters







water


water







wetlands


wetlands







wildlife


wildlife















doi privacy policy
legal
accessibility
site map
contact usgs







u.s. department of the interior
doi inspector general
white house
e-gov
no fear act
foia




follow


twitter




facebook




github




flickr




youtube




instagram











scroll to top
























