














battle over bands














skip to main  |
      skip to sidebar






battle over bands



it's like rain on your wedding day












monday, september 05, 2011







watch the hater thone: everyone vs. dustin on jay-z & kanye







vijay: jay and kanye's album was inevitable. but is it any good?



dustin: no.

(i haven't listened to it yet but i'm just placing my bets ahead of time)






vijay: who invited the meh merchant?



sanjay: dustin, i'm totally shocked that you don't (won't) like it. i mean, not 
everything can be as revolutionary as the black keys. as for it peaking 
at track 1, you should try listening to the other 15 tracks before 
making such a claim.

  






dustin: oh
 no you di-in't! you trying to musical throw down with me? ninja please.
 now you're actually making me want to listen to the album, just for the
 purpose of arguing. unless of course it actually somehow magically 
turns out to be good, in which case i would be happy to have a new rap 
album i like. but two blowhard pop douchebags like kanye and jay-z? come
 on. wait, let me guess, the first track is about how they're really 
good rappers who make a lot of money? wait, let me guess, all 15 tracks 
are about that? maybe some persecution mixed in? haters gonna hate on 
the kings of all time! the best musicians in the history of the earth! 
oh man, i can't wait to listen to this amazing, refreshing, 
groundbreaking album.


  

sanjay: instead
 of wasting your time writing yet another one of your sarcastic rants 
that attempts to denigrate a popular album, why don't you just admit 
that you don't like kanye/jay-z? the funniest part of this whole thing 
is that you haven't even listened to the album yet. truly hilarious.






dustin: the
 funniest part is that i just made a joke and already admitted i don't 
like them, but you're actually upset and passionately defending two rich
 dicks who couldn't give a shit about you, their fans or anyone else.
  

vijay: you
 know what else is supposed to be fun? braggadocio in hip hop! and, more
 importantly, music in general: love (getting genuinely obsessed with 
albums/sharing that enthusiasm) > hate (pleasure derived from 
actively disliking stuff for sport).





dustin: i
 don't know why vijay and sanjay are always assuming i hate stuff 
for sport. i love music. i constantly obsess over it. i met my wife at 
the bowery ballroom. trust me, when i don't like something, i really 
mean it. it's not for fun. but hey, if you guys get this upset just from
 someone making little jokes about albums you like, that's it. i will 
remain quiet from here on in. i really just meant it in fun. i enjoyed 
the whole battleoverbands thing a lot and never took it personal, but i 
guess it's not for everyone (even though vijay was really good at it).

  





vijay: dude,
 don't take my testy brother too seriously. we enjoy these battles and 
maybe it just comes across like we're taking it personally because we're
 always on the defensive. i think i remember you once defending wolfmother on battleoverbands but i think more often than not you played
 the role of hater, no? maybe we should just move on to the das racist 
track matt just posted above because i think we can all agree that it's 
terrible!

  





sanjay: dude, i'm not upset. you can say whatever you want - whether it's a joke or 
not, but if i say anything back it means i'm taking it personally and 
getting upset? far from it - you express your opinion, i express mine.

tim: dustin
 might be talking trash, but let's check the good points. while i am 
really enjoying the production on the album, the lyrical content is not 
that great. dustin is right that it's yeezy's typical themes of money 
and persecution, which i have a hard time reconciling. for someone so 
successful, he sure whines a lot. that said, i like the first track. check this for additional counterpoint.
vijay: did
 you guys actually read the piece that i posted before this little spat 
broke out? i highly recommend it - it's brilliant and includes gems 
like, "it is music that is self-consciously epic, more overwhelming than
 enjoyable, an attempt to make a blockbuster rather than a classic, in 
which every moment of arrogance or humility radiates in the same imax 
high-definition" and "what makes hip-hop such a durable form is its 
capacity to scramble fiction and fact; the artifice and the realities 
that art conceals or amplifies become one. in this way, watch the throne
 feels astonishingly different. it captures two artists who no longer 
need dreams; art cannot possibly prophesy a better future for either of 
them."






dustin: see
 - tim knows what i'm saying. yes - i haven't had time to listen to this
 album yet but i cannot imagine the lyrics are going to do it for me. 
lyrics can be overlooked in other genres, like when you're listening to 
some psychedelic rock song and you have no idea what it's about but you 
don't care because the singer is really just another instrument. but rap
 is really about the lyrics, more and more so these days. jay-z raps 
about the most typical boring shit, it's so tired. and the dude even 
admitted he's a sellout by saying "oh if i wasn't worrying about making 
money i'd rap like talib." meanwhile kanye is just a really ignorant, 
obnoxious person. beyond his antics, what has he told people? drop out 
of college. it's okay to buy diamonds even if you feel guilty about it 
because they're shiny. sure, he makes some good beats but it's hard to 
bob my head to an idiot blabbing nonsense. 

and both of these guys, 
when they say they're the best, i think they really believe it, which is
 ridiculous considering their contributions to music. besides sales they
 have done nothing to advance music. nothing. i assure you 100 years 
from now, if we are not living in an apocalyptic nightmare and people 
still talk about music, music historians will credit run dmc and public 
enemy and even the roots for advancing rap more than jay-z and kanye.


vijay: i
 find a lot of "conscious" hip hop boring and forced. if a beat is 
bangin' and the flow is there i don't care if they're spitting dungeons 
& dragons warlock shit like some of the metal bands out there. and 
saying these guys haven't contributed to music/hip hop just because they
 don't suit your particular tastes is right up there with the 
egotistical/delusional rhymes on the album - i'm guessing you're 
similarly dismissive of pop music in general (substantively "nonsense") 
and that's what music historians will be talking about, not the obscure 
stuff we often prefer.
tim: @vij:
 in response to your comment before last, that article had nothing to do
 with your comments until now. you asked people what they thought and 
then advocated on the album's behalf. we're responding to you, not the 
article. 

in response to dustin's last post, i wouldn't go that far. i
 think ye's last album definitely advanced hip hop. the bold steps 
forward in production have carried over to this album, which further 
pushes the idea that the "beat" for a rap song can come in many and 
genuinely artistic forms. however, the lyrics disappoint as i said and 
as your cited article states, "watch the throne suffers from a perverse 
sense of perspective, entire histories invoked to justify two men's 
fortunes."  

while rap lyrics have long revolved around money and its 
acquisition, many listeners probably enjoyed the idea of achieving the 
same thing or enjoying what they have achieved in a similar manner. ye 
and hov and their lyrics are so far beyond wealthy that there is no 
possibility of relating to it. 

i don't absolutely require lyrical 
artistry to enjoy it, but i do need lyrical entertainment. part of the 
problem is that despite this image of complex artist, ye is fairly 
transparent. his m.o. seems to be do something ludicrous and then rap 
about persecuted when people note that it's ludicrous. 

in sum, love the production, hate ye's whiny bits. 

the
 madbury club piece summed up the lyrical issue nicely: "'twos' is his 
masterpiece: free of radio influence, brand name drops, subliminal 
disses, and any other caveats that became so expected of his verses." 




dustin: in response to some various points made here:



•
 i'm not suggesting i prefer "conscious" hiphop. i'm just saying jay-z 
and kanye in particular spout lyrics i do not care for, for reasons tim 
touched on, ie. taking braggadocio to a point where it is no longer fun,
 but simply obnoxious. 
• i'm not saying jay and kanye aren't 
successful, but i don't see how they advanced music. what was the 
revolution that resulted from either of them? jay-z turned hiphop even 
further into a business. that's a negative result to me. kanye made some
 nice beats. nothing revolutionary though. it's not like paul's boutique
 here. please, tell me what they're musical contributions are, besides 
making lots of hits and lots of money. i would love to know. 
• i'm 
not dismissive of pop, even if i don't like it. of course i don't think 
there has been much great true pop since prince and mj, but even someone
 like lady gaga, while i don't like her music, i can appreciate her 
creativity as an artist and her message, which, from what i read about 
her at least, seems pretty positive. that may not be the best example 
since i don't know much about her but i just bring her up to convey that
 i don't intrinsically hate pop. i know there is a place for it.





vijay: if
 you're completely overlooking jay-z's seminal early work, and your 
summation of kanye's hugely influential production style is that he 
"made some nice beats" then what's the point? you're clearly disgusted 
by hip hop cro$$ing over into the pop realm  ("blowhard pop douchebags" 
"rich dicks" "sellouts" "making lots of hits and lots of money") so why 
would you ever acknowledge that as an actual achievement of importance, 
even if millions of people actually enjoy the music? ffor some 
perspective, when do you think hip hop stopped evolving? illmatic or something from that era? who was the last "revolutionary" artist, of any genre?





dustin:  1
 – i’m not overlooking jay-z’s first (and best album). it was a good 
album. i like it. did it change music? no. it was good at sounding like 
what already existed. hence the allmusic.com description: “reasonable 
doubt is often compared to another new york landmark, nas' illmatic.” 
but which came first?  

2 – i’m asking you to tell me kanye’s 
influence on music, and your answer is to say “what’s the point of 
arguing? clearly i’m right! you just don’t get it!” honestly, i think 
timbaland was more innovative than kanye. please, prove me wrong. show 
me the amazing difference of how much better hip-hop is after kanye 
innovated everything. to me, his early albums had some nice sampling 
(nothing new) and his new albums sound like queen but with someone 
rapping.  

3 – i used to dj and play outkast all the time. they made 
huge hits and lots of money. i like them. again, it is not that jay and 
kanye are successful and popular. it’s that this is all that defines 
them, and their calculating music feels dishonest to me.  

4 – when 
did hiphop stop evolving… hmmm. that’s a tough one. in my eyes it has 
stalled massively in these last five years or so. grime was new, but i’m
 not feeling it and it’s not a us thing anyway. i’ve heard a few indie 
dudes rhyme over some weird electronic warp type beats. interesting. 
definitely different. aside from that, i only can think of negative 
changes: autotune, horrible dirty south tracks, annoying mixtapes 
replacing albums, continuing decline of political statements, lil wayne 
being considered a genius…  i thought lupe would be the next great 
rapper but it looks like that ship has sailed (and sank). 

5 – last 
revolutionary artist? well they certainly don’t come around very often, 
especially these days. i do think flying lotus is pushing boundaries 
right now. tv on the radio has a good thing going. don’t know if they 
are “revolutionary.” when i think revolutionary, i think of the first 
time i heard the downward spiral. it blew my mind, and to me, remains a 
classic. entroducing. that changed music. it was shocking and new and 
you can see a clear change in music afterwards. so when people put 
kanye’s music up at that level, it’s just silly to me. even if you think
 it’s a great album and very enjoyable, how can you say it changes 
anything in terms of the big picture?





rick: totally
 jealous. i wish i had psychic powers. telekinesis, astral projection, 
and knowing exactly what something sounds like before hearing it. (i think it's called "codgervoyance").





dustin: oh
 hey rick. you picked the perfect place to jump into this conversation 
with that comment. very insightful and it will totally help this 
discussion progress and get to a better place.






rick:  zing!
 easy, buddy, just playing around. i haven't commented yet because i'm 
only on listen #3... still absorbing it, not ready to comment on the 
album itself. thought it was interesting that you have so much to say on
 listen #0.i thought the album was a bit of a snoozer the first 
time through, but there's actually a lot of interesting stuff going on, 
and i'm hearing more and enjoying it more on each listen. and 
that's something kanye has been doing since he started: something new 
each album. innovation. there might be his trademark whining on each 
album, but there's also going to be something you haven't heard before. 
this is why the pr "battle" between kanye and 50 a few years back when 
they were releasing albums on the same week is hysterical in hindsight. 
kanye takes risks. everything 50 does sounds the same and he will be 
forgotten. one of the standout tracks in this regard is "who gon
 stop me," which is derived from a dubstep tune, and therefore dated in a
 sense, but it's an interesting track that i've just given three or four
 listens. if you ever listen to it, let's have a conversation about it. the simple point is that kanye's sound keeps changing, so you can't know what a given project sounds like until you hear it.
vijay: dustin, i think your queen comment is an unintended compliment. kanye's lush 
orchestration, musicality, willingness to experiment sonically, and 
stylistic evolution makes him the most influential producer of the past 
decade, hands down. transcended hip hop/crossed over, whatever. he left 
timbaland (who became increasingly stale and less relevant) and the neptunes in his wake long ago. a single album where kanye tried 
something completely different (808s) spawned a sound that has taken 
imitators to to the top of the charts (drake) and circled back around to
 indie circles (the weeknd). but it all comes down to something you said in your fourth point: but i'm not feeling it
 ...how exactly do you propose i "prove you wrong" and explain how much 
better hip hop is post-kanye if you talk about how much you hate current
 hip hop in the next paragraph? convince you that you actually like it 
deep down?we just come from completely different places. i fall 
in love with one album after another over the course of a year and 
agonize over which one gets top prize; your favorite record of 2010 was 
the aforementioned black keys because, in your words, "i guess i 
listened to that more than anything else." i constantly overuse words 
like brilliant and stunning; often the best you can muster with stuff 
that you actually like is "this is fun." this isn't a personal attack 
(obviously you should be as selective as you damn well please) but i 
just feel like your view of what is important/influential comes from a 
much narrower pool. for example, if you think entroducing and downward spiral are revolutionary, then i think you have to give a nod to many, 
many more records that made a big impact in their respective sonic 
spheres (off the top of my head, nevermind, ok computer, discovery...).but at least the gulf between us makes for good entertainment.







dustin: i have to say i am pretty disappointed in this latest 
comment. i find it amazing that in this argument, i have been accused of
 being both an indie nerd who hates anything mainstream, as well as just
 some dumb dude who casually listens to music and rates it based on 
nothing but a random urge felt between bong hits. in terms of my 
queen comment, it wasn't an unintended compliment. i like queen. my 
point was in reference to originality. over the top lush instrumental 
music is not new. sure, he has great ability. big deal. i'd listen to 
prog if i wanted to hear virtuosity. what is original in his music? that
 he said, fuck it, i'm going to just make the most obnoxious 
ostentatious album ever and bring in a choir and 45 tubas for each 
track? that's been done — a long time ago.  

but oh wait, then you're 
going to tell me kanye's big gift to music was 808s and heartbreak? a 
pretty much critically panned album even he didn't like that uses a drum
 machine from the 80s! wow. what an innovator! 

you know, at least i 
will give it to rick. he made a good point. fine, i will give kanye 
credit for changing up his style, which is something most artists don't 
do, or don't do well. but all you've said is that aside from kanye 
inspiring what will most likely be short lived hit careers from drake 
and the weeknd, he's the best producer hands down because... you say so.
 i'm asking, where's the massive change in music that a truly monumental
 perfect 10 album should bring? where's the shift toward something fresh
 and different? you mention ok computer and nevermind as reference 
points here. well spin just did an issue on the 20th anniversary of 
nevermind. read the issue and tell me if 20 years from now people will 
be talking about anything kanye or jay-z did in the same way they talk 
about nirvana.  

and honestly, the fact that you don't think i 
consider ok computer or nevermind classics just shows how little you 
understand about my feelings on music. i didn't think i had to mention 
the two most obvious classics of our generation. that would have been 
like saying "also, the beatles were pretty good." i'm still not sure if 
i'm supposed to be the snotty hater or the ignorant dumbass. i just know
 that i'm not the guy who taught midi classes. i'm just a dude who 
listens to music. so i don't bust a nut when someone displays mad music 
production skills. i'd rather hear a genuinely good emotional honest 
song played on acoustic guitar than a fake shallow explosion of 
technical prowess and ego. so you and your brother can sit around and 
secretly laugh at my emails from a year ago if it makes you happy. 
"hahaha dustin likes the black keys!" then you can say "well you just 
don't understand it." and then you can tell me who is the hater snob 
here.


vijay: dissect
 and distort all you want, but no one else comes close to taking his 
title as the most important producer of the past decade. all you could 
come up with is timbaland (sorry, no) and dissing kanye even further. we
 got it, you hate him. a lot of people do. but that doesn't mean he 
hasn't had the biggest impact on hip hop/mainstream music. so who is it 
then? you got nothing (but hate). and the point with ok computer and nevermind is not that i don't think you consider them classics. it's that there have been countless
 albums of a very high caliber over the years that have been refreshing 
and inspiring and influential. bestowing vague "classic" or 
"groundbreaking" status on a select few is difficult (even you can't be 
satisfied with your own answer), pointless, and usually only comes after
 the passage of time. music hasn't gotten shittier since our nineties 
heyday; you just got more jaded. there are millions of kids listening to
 current hip hop and indie rock who are having the same visceral 
reaction you had to downward spiral. viewing everything through a 
personal, nostalgic lens is deceptive. and forget a primarily rock 
outlet like spin magazine (even though they named the kanye album the 
best of 2010)... xxl already did a gushing 10th anniversary issue
 of reasonable doubt and there is no question that other magazines will 
do kanye retrospectives many years down the road.and we weren't 
making fun of you for liking the black keys. in fact my brother really 
likes them. i was making fun of your weak-ass answer to the 
album of the year question that every music nerd just yearns to be asked
 and your general struggle to show any real enthusiasm for new music. by
 the way, that flying lotus album you referenced as (possibly?) 
groundbreaking? in that same e-mail (from when i sent out the kanye 
album, appropriately) you called it "too novelty weird" to put as your 
number one. thanks gmail!so don't blame me for your own identity
 crisis: you're a big music fan who isn't a fan of much of anything. 
[i'd insert a cheeky emoticon here if i actually could stomach using 
one]




dustin: okay
 this is going nowhere. i ask you to describe how music is different in 
the post-kanye world, all you can now say is "oh yeah... well name 
someone better!" i don't care if he is the "most important" producer or 
not, whatever that even means. if you're a big fish in a shitty small 
sea, it doesn't mean much in the long run.



what i don't understand 
is why you can't except the idea of things getting worse. i am a huge 
drum n bass fan. you know what? that scene is dead. it's depressing. but
 it stopped evolving and eventually a lot of people who were making that
 kind of music got into dubstep or other genres. there was a time when 
people thought drum n bass would be huge, would be the next thing. but 
it never quite got there, and now it's safe to say its best days are 
behind it. i believe hip-hop is starting to get there as well. perhaps a
 genre born from sampling is just a bit limited. i don't know. 

you 
can try and tell me "it's all relative, it's about taste, some people 
love what you hate." but i believe in opinions. i think they make things
 interesting. and i believe that a rap mixtape from the 90s would be 
better than one from the 00s. and i don't mean "i think" it would be 
better. i mean it would actually "be" better. in fact, i think that's 
such an established fact, this is a silly argument. why else does rock 
the bells year after year star headliners from the 90s years ago 
performing their complete albums from 15 years ago? i really feel like 
i'm arguing with a pearl jam fan who loved ten so much, he's in denial 
that the band's new shit is lame.

  





vijay: i love it. i paint you as a curmudgeon stuck in the past, and you live up
 to it in spectacular fashion. sure '90s hip hop was the golden age but 
most casual fans and hardcore hip hop heads alike (across the board: 
critics, writers, our friends sitting on the sidelines) have found 
plenty to enjoy in the "small shitty sea" of recent years and 
acknowledge kanye as a milestone artist. yeah yeah i know you can look 
into the future, where his legacy will be forgotten (because unlike 
everyone else you're not impressed) but it is what it is and you're very
 alone.and no need to really resort to pearl jam analogies 
because you are pretty much literally saying that most "new shit is 
lame" with your broad stroke of "things getting worse" and all. and i'm 
saying, dude, why are you still talking about the old stuff? it's just 
plain sad that you're so busy lamenting the death of everything that you
 really struggle to like anything new. hip hop is dead is an easy 
platform, but i fear that your miserable outlook goes well beyond that.modern
 music across all genres is a fucking glorious bounty of sounds, and my 
33-year-old heart is regularly set racing by one song and album after 
another. tthe rush is just as good as the thrills i felt as a teenager. iin fact, new stuff is probably more exciting than going back and 
listening to classics that i know like the back of my hand. meanwhile, 
you say stuff like [fictional quote this time] "honestly, it was a weak 
year for music. been listening to some old metal stuff recently though." actually, you probably say that most years. i mean, i wouldn't be 
surprised if you literally never use the word "love" when it comes to an
 album. so of course this was going nowhere. me (who loves 
everything) arguing with you (the biggest hater i know) on a thread 
where you haven't even listened to the album that started it. what did 
you expect? an actual discussion of the album? nah (though i have to 
say it has in a perverse way made me love the record even more).

dustin: for
 someone with so much "love" you have resorted time and time again to 
personal attacks against me. i'm just making statements about music. i 
think i've made many valid points. in fact, many times over the past few
 years people i think you would also respect in terms of the musical 
knowledge, like jay and edgar, have expressed similar sentiments 
lamenting the current state of music. not saying that everything sucks, 
but saying that there has been a lot of "good" music lately but not a 
lot of "great" music lately. dude, i make top 25 lists every year. 
obviously there is plenty of stuff i enjoy listening to. it's just 
sad to see that when i ask you to explain how kanye and or jay-z has 
changed music for the better, all you can do is attack me and say "you 
don't get it. you hate everything. you hate music. your life must suck."
 people can and have written essays on the affect of nevermind or ok 
computer or the white album. if your hiphop heroes here are so great, 
why can't you do any better than saying "kanye inspired drake and the 
weeknd" and "he's just the most important producer and everyone agrees 
with me and you don't because you're wrong and angry and stupid?" 

i 
guess it's easier to ridicule me and turn me into some sort of hater 
caricature, which is obviously nonsense to anyone who even casually 
knows me. saying i don't love any albums. why would i bother putting so 
much effort into this conversation? if i was just being a troll i'd 
write little annoying one-liners like russ just did. the thing is, i 
probably love music too much, which is why i passionately try to defend 
it against people like jay-z and kanye, who i think have a negative 
influence on the music industry by emphasizing a sort of 
whatever-it-takes heartless fiscal hit-making calculation in favor of 
just creating music as art, for the love of it.







vijay: it's
 not a personal attack; you're better off just embracing your 
selectivity (the politest term i could think of)... you believe in 
opinions, right? i know you have some meh merchant friends (at least edgar explodes with joy on a semi-regular basis when he finds new stuff 
he loves, and it's awesome) but even they won't follow you this deep 
into the abyss. i don't have to turn you into a hater caricature, you've
 more than done the job yourself: there's a lot of "good" but not 
"great" stuff these days? seriously? that's exactly what i find so sad. and you see yourself as the passionate defender of all that is good in 
music against the evil forces of people like kanye? even sadder. all the
 effort you put into your angry ramblings stems from your love of music?
twisted.and please stop insisting that i explain to you why kanye is important in the context of current hip hop when you vehemently
 despise current hip hop. i called it a futile undertaking and you 
underlined that by taking any attempt at an explanation and ridiculing 
it and me. but i think i have an idea on how to end this! how about you actually listen to the album before getting back to me.

  

dustin: dude,
 these days when i love an album, no one even bothers to respond to my 
emails. time and time again i told people about telefon tel aviv. no one
 cared. i try to tell people to come see elvis perkins live. it's like 
pulling teeth. a while ago i sent out an album from a band called 
rosetta. no one cared, no one even bothered to respond "i hate this." 
but anyway, these are bands/artists who i think make real, emotional 
music that's art, not a product. sorry if i don't write pitchforkesque 
reviews every time i like something. i used to do that for urb and remix
 and get paid for it. now i would imagine i don't have to write lengthy 
reviews in order to "sell" my friends on music recommendations. i mean, 
it's great you enjoy doing that but i'd think after all these years it 
wasn't a mandatory and that just the sheer act of me sending a link is 
the equivalent of me saying "hey this is awesome blah blah blah." i
 will listen to the album and let you know what i think, but i need time
 to listen to it anyway. that's what's so funny about this whole thing. 
when this conversation started, you guys had only just downloaded the 
album within the last 24 hours! "dustin, you idiot, how can you talk 
about an album without hearing it?! but once you listen to the album 
twice like i have, then you can give lectures on its merits!" and
 regardless, whether i like this album or not is immaterial. since i 
said up front i had not heard it yet, it was clearly established from 
the start that this conversation was about jay-z and/or kanye's 
contributions to modern music leading up to this album being released. 
so far your points are: • kanye inspired new production styles that led 
to artists like drake and the weeknd • jay-z made a good album in 1996 •
 i am a miserable person who hates everything and listens to hitler 
speeches on his ipod.


sanjay: i've
 never heard telefon tel aviv, but i can already tell you that i won't 
like it. let me guess, a bunch of people creating sounds at different 
frequencies that can be construed as sonically pleasing? i can't wait to
 listen to this amazing, refreshing, groundbreaking album.



vijay: i was kidding about actually getting back to me after you've listened to 
the album (i honestly meant let's drop this). i mean, i wonder what you 
might think [glances upward]. i said pretty much nothing about the album
 itself, let alone lecture you on its merits, so both of us have a clean
 slate in that respect. i guess you could come back and quote all the 
lines you hate, but please spare us. i'd like to think that after all 
these years it isn't mandatory and the sheer act of not responding is 
the equivalent of saying "hey dustin hates this blah blah blah" and we 
all go home happy (?).



josh dick: the
 problem for me, is that depending on the day, i’m either of you. 
there’s josh dick who is waiting for phineas and ferb to create a portal
 so that i could just go back to the early 90’s and stay in that golden 
age, and then there’s josh dick who has been bumping a lot of different 
stuff recently that he really likes.



here
 is my take, with a full disclosure to start this off: my beautiful dark
 twisted fantasy is one of my favorite albums in the last few years, and
 i’m an overall kanye fan (though i never listened to 808’s).



i
 guess we’re discussing two things here, right? whether or not watch the
 throne is any good, but more importantly, kanye and jay’s impact with 
regards to hip hop in general and their legacy.



i think i’ll tackle the latter first, as it will lead into the former.



without
 getting into some kind of rick “welcome to hip hop” speech, i think 
it’s important to note what “hip hop” is. it was founded on being an 
“mc”, with the definition of that being a “master of the ceremony”. that
 is hip hop. that is what hip hop needs to be judged and graded by at 
the end of the day. so now, 30 years later, yes of course, you look at 
acts like run dmc, public enemy, rakim, and big daddy kane and can 
immediately note their legacy as having taking the cold crush brothers 
to that next level. they were all pioneers and should be regarded as so.
 the next evolution brought across some of the most creative hip hop we 
will ever see. whether it was native tongues, hieroglyphics, organized 
konfusion, pete rock & cl smooth, etc – these were all alternative 
evolutions of rap that were extremely appealing to people like those on 
this e-mail chain. they were all mc’s, and they were all saying 
something new, different, creative, and relevant.



and yet, i’m at an organized konfusion show at bb king’s – their first show in over 10 years – and there’s 300 people there.



as much as a group like that is timeless to us, it reached a very limited demo and had a very small window. 



go to a public enemy show, and there’s 20,000 less people than there were in the 80’s. 



now,
 take a look at what jay-z is currently doing. the man is going to be 42
 this year. 42!!! he’s been doing this for 16 years! more number 1 
albums, songs, awards, than all of undakova’s goggles put together. more
 importantly, sold out concerts everywhere he goes. no one in rap music 
has ever had a run like this. to be the “old dude” and still be viewed 
and looked up to by kids as the greatest? do you know hard that is in 
hip hop? all of the legends i mentioned below lasted 2-3 albums before 
people moved on to the next one. 



all
 of the things dustin said about the music are true. hell, i love 
reasonable doubt, blueprint, and hard knock vol 2 from jay.  but that’s 
really it as far as full albums go. everything else are songs here and 
there (but some of those songs i do really love). as far as content, i’d
 go with juggaknotts “clear blue skies” over anything he’s ever done. 
but again, i go back to that “mc” definition. he is not writing for us. 
he is adjusting what he’s doing and writing to the ever evolving fickle 
rap crowd. we’re still as smart as ever, but kids today are stupider 
than ever. for every one of us who doesn’t like hearing about maybach’s,
 f*cking beyonce, and how hard it is to be jay-z, there are 1,000 other 
fans who do. and he manages to make them all happy.



see
 here’s the thing i take from it. it’s not necessarily the content, but 
rather, the delivery. generally speaking, i think most of jay-z’s beats 
are pretty fresh.  so that’s always something that i’m cool with as the 
musical bed. but as far as the lyrics, even if i’m bored with the idea 
of talking about this material shit, i’m always thoroughly impressed 
with how slick he is when he says it. random example from wtt, “gotta 
have it” – “cause i’m richer/richard, and pryor/prior to this shit i was
 moving freebase”.



i
 don’t know. i guess i feel like there are different types of things i 
look for in hip hop, and each artist serves a certain purpose and when 
i’m in the mood for conscious music, i’ll throw in that. if i’m in the 
mood to just listing to something big, overproduced and bombastic (and i
 mean that all as a compliment), i throw this on.



kanye
 is basically mini-jay. there’s not a chance in hell he doesn’t keep 
these last 8 years going for another 8. he’s a force that will not go 
away. so my longevity = legacy argument applies to him as well.

but
 here is the thing with kanye. he is our age. born in 78. grew up 
listening to the same main source records we did. and to me, his music 
reflects that. it’s all a derivative from that era, at least sonically. 
lyrically, i think he’s solid, and has only gotten better. and to me, he
 does write songs. stuff like “hey mama”, “spaceship”, etc. 



now
 you guys are wayyyyyy more into the production end of it than i am, and
 whether or not he over does it on everything. i happen to think his 
beats are bananas. whether he samples or not, it all sounds like it was 
sampled. and that’s what i miss most about rap. those dirty samples. 



something
 else to keep in mind. rap has a much different handicap than other 
forms of music. to my knowledge, radiohead and nirvana never had to put 
50 bars filled with different words into their songs. i guess that comes
 off like an excuse, but it has to be considered. when you put out as 
much music as these guys have, and say as many words as they have, 
eventually all you can do is talk about your day in day out cause 
there’s nothing else. 

as
 far as watch the throne, listened to it a few times, and really like 
it. could grow to love it. i think the beats are bonkers. can’t really 
comment on the lyrics since i need to really listen to that, but it 
seems like standard issued jay/kanye. 



which
 i guess brings us back to the beginning. dustin is choosing to avoid 
it, because it’s more of the same ol same ol. and that is totally fine 
and pretty on point. vijay and i don’t avoid it, because we appreciate 
it for what it is. and i feel like jay is somewhere in the middle.



but
 you cannot deny the legacy of each of these artists. they will go down 
as two of the best to ever do it, and to me, they deserve the title. 



there
 are a lot of thoughts i had that escaped my head because i’m doing this
 and working, so i’m sure there are arguments i could have made more 
intelligently. but hopefully this conveyed most of my thoughts.



edgar: the whole world needs to read this battle. it is brilliant. i will 
certainly read it again because it was so enjoyable. i agree on so many 
levels with both of you.



kanye: i dislike 
kanye but he will always be remembered and has been so creative, so 
innovative with his beats and production for a while now. i will never 
ever forget where i was when i first heard get by - sitting on the floor
 in the living room of jackie's place on steinway. luckily they were mtv
 heads and had it always on and this came on and it blew me away. yes, 
talib is probably my favorite emcee ever but the beat is what got me off
 the bat. he did most of common's be and finding forever (right jay?) 
which i still listen to and despite my overall dislike of kanye's two 
newest albums there are some amazing beats on each....so clever, very 
different and original unlike anything i've ever heard in the past or 
present in hip hop. i rarely ever listen to his lyrics because im 
usually figuring out whats going on in his beats, the layers, effects, 
etc etc. he is one of a kind, always fresh and always an interesting 
listen... you never know what you're gonna get :) i loved timbo, let me 
reiterate - i adored timbo - and i hate to say this but they aren't even
 close to being on the same level. not that dusty was comparing but just
 wanted to make that point.



jay-z: i 
love his first album and love his producers throughout the years. his 
hits have been great even empire state of mind... i'm sorry but that hook 
is great as many times as its been overplayed aka played out. hard knock
 life = incredible. and whoever did the american gangster beat is a god!
 jay-z knows how to kill it even though overall i dislike him :) 
although not as much as kanye.



music:

i
 still love getting new music and do get chills still when i hear 
something amazing and yes i still go back to the classics over and over 
again...maybe and probably nothing will ever be better than ok computer 
but you never know and thats the fun of it and sometimes there are 
tracks that are better... guys music is amazing is all im saying and i 
think we all agree on that and now i'm just freetyping... i mean how good is
 the opening track of gang gang dance? how good is gold panda? action 
bronson? everything everything? dirty projectors (vij i know you dislike
 them) how good is the bjork early released single?! this is why it's all
 love! this is as important as food and water and air!!! these amazing 
moments where our brains for the 1 - 10 minutes (a lot of prefuse 
tracks are a little over a minute and obviously some prog and metal 
tracks are 10 but i guess i could've put 30 for iron butterfly or some 
classical movements) get to live in the fantastical world where anything
 is possible, where nothing else matters, where we get in touch with who
 we really are... and we get to share and i get to say flying lotus is 
eh... ok i'm back... sorry for that.

btw, only dusty could pull off a battle of the bands without listening 
to the album....absolutely amazing... i'm still giggling. i think battle 
of the bands should be retired after this one. it can never be 
better... it really should be published. i want to argue that this battle's flow is as good or better than ok 
computer. 


jason newman: i will battle you over the battle.

as for jay-z though, i would argue that before him (and big), hip-hop was mostly about braggadocio via loudness and an aggressiveness bordering on anger... the emcees that kept it more subdued (buckshot, guru etc.) vocally still had this intensity that was a bit over-the-top (love them both though.) jay was different... he had to the air of being so cool, so unflappable, that he didn't need to raise his voice and proclaim why he was the best... he recognized that if you're that confident and assured of your abilities (of which he had a ton until '99 and then sporadically after that), you could just be cool about it. "friend or foe" is the best example i can think of off the top. that had an enormous effect on rappers. also, storytelling obviously existed before him, but he was really the first to play with the timing of words, speeding up or slowing down particular words or phrases for maximum impact. lot of good rappers were influenced by that.

i also think, and you'll prob disagree, that some of his lines really are brilliant..."you'll be wearing a black suit a long time" "left the paramedics breathing soft on him"... actual evocative images before he got rich and started rhyming about st. tropez and his portfolio. elevated hip-hop and forced semi-intelligent rappers to actually use metaphors instead of just "i'ma kill you."

on a lesser note, and i personally don't love this, but he's also credited with changing the whole mindset of hip-hop from "i'm going to rob you" to "i didn't want to sell drugs, but i did and i will try to explain to you the circumstances behind what forced me to do it" aka the "sensitive thugs" movement. a good republican like myself can rip this apart but regardless, it influenced a generation of rappers.

i have a lot of issues with him, particularly his blatant trend-hopping, soulless commercial raps and unprecedented levels of hucksterism (i think i told you this, but i saw the business plan that planned out his "retirement", comeback etc. and the wizard came out from behind the curtain that day), but i can't deny his influence. 



russ: would this be a good time for me to mention that the last radiohead album really sucked?  


no? ok then... carry on... 

:p








posted by

dustin



at

8:56 am



49 comments:
  





























friday, november 26, 2010







my beautiful dark twisted argument: battle royale on the new kanye





vijay: at first i predicted a 9.4 but then after seeing that late registration got a 9.5, i revised my estimate to a stratospheric 9.7... yet still i was wrong...russ: hm.  i can't agree with a 10 on it - it's not ok computer.  9.7 or 9.8 is fine, not 10.vijay: it's impossible to recognize an ok computer as being an ok computer when it first comes out.russ: good point, but the bottom line is that this album has one song that sucks: "so appalled" so it can't get a 10.edgar: i mean really? what's the big deal? oh wait i know, his name starts with kanye and ends with west. i get it now. vijay: read the rolling stone review, which i think absolutely nails it, and so succinctly. the reason all these perfect scores are rolling out is because no one else out there is capable of making this batshit awesome futuristic hip-pop grandeur. opulent mad genius at its very finest. i thought the drowned in sound review was also excellent:"to add to the thematic elements, on a purely musical level, mbdtf is west's most fully realized work to date. he's more sonically and lyrically spot-on than he's ever been. the production is trademark west, displaying a musicality which puts nearly any contemporary pop music to shame.""this album should serve as a challenge to any other artists who feel that rap as a genre is constrictive to stepping their game up (cough, andre 3000, cough). for rap fans it's both a testament to the versatility of the genre and kanye's own brilliance that he can make something so refreshingly different which still fits comfortably in the rap canon."dustin: i just listened to the album. i don't get it. what's the big deal?  i'm not hating but 10.0? i mean, already i can say the songs are too long. they average over 5 minutes. i think pitchfork will regret this rating in the future.vijay: it's a pop thing. kanye seems to fancy himself as a modern day mj but i'm thinking prince may be more appropriate. as much as edgar will freak out about me making the comparison, there is a definite parallel. when purple rain came out in 1984, i'm sure that the people who were listening to the smiths, black flag, the ramones, even u2, were saying similar things about this downright weird little dude doing this grandiose pop shit: i don't get it, who does he think he is, he just says dumb stuff, he spells stuff all gay, etc..."but prince was an amazing musician," you're screaming.which is where i'm honestly surprised that some people can just coldly dismiss it as bad beats with bad lyrics without appreciating the sheer musicality that this asshat happens to have. from a purely sonic perspective, it's thrilling stuff that "makes everybody else on the radio sound laughably meek." it's pretty clear just from the music but then when you read about how hard he works, it's even more impressive. he is just a ridiculous producer/mastermind that is able to execute ambitious ideas on a massive scale.it may be tragic in some ways, but he is the pop star/rock star of these times, and he has elevated his game to unleash his piece de resistance, a thematically cohesive and wide-reaching monster. which is why there are all these five star and 10/10 reviews. that other review nailed it when they talked about people like andre 3000 now having the pressure on to do something bigger and better ("the love below" is wildly overrated, sorry). i don't think pitchfork will regret this one — if anything, it is already apparent that this album is "more important" (cringe) than the wilco and trail of dead albums they also gave 10.0 will ever be. and it's way, way beyond a pitchfork discussion at this point...take a look at the metacritic ratings:edgar: i'm not a kanye hater in terms of production. i fell in love with many of his productions for talib's and common's albums. "get by" is amazing. "the people," another classic. but i'm never highly impressed by what he does for himself and frankly he can go suck it as an emcee. he will never come close, for me, to nas' rawness, guru's honesty and talib's gorgeous metaphors. all have made me weep and still do.he's got a nice ear but i've already forgotten about the album. didn't catch me on first listen and hasn't afterwards. i'll bust out a dusty "meh" overall. favorite part of the album are the last two tracks and more specifically heron's excerpt. dustin: first let me say that i do not hate this album. there are good songs. i'm just saying it's overrated. i agree with edgar on the mc part for sure.now, since when does grandiosity and virtuosity equate to good music? i don't listen to steve vai or dream theatre, even though i recognize that they are very good musicians. and yes, i give it to kanye, he is great in the studio and very ambitious and talented. however, to me, music is not solely about the showing off of skills. music is about emotion. and that's why comparing kanye to prince or mj is laughable. can anything kanye do ever make you feel the way "purple rain" (the song) does, or "man in the mirror?" not even close. vijay: oh, there's emotion in there, especially on this one, but you'd never, ever sense it if you're approaching the whole thing with a meh attitude.dustin: or perhaps you'd find yourself unreasonably emotional when listening to it if you're approaching the whole thing with a this is going to be the best album of the year attitude.  vijay: i went into it having liked a couple tracks on each album, nothing more and nothing less. i still think his previous albums are overrated. but i was stunned at what he pulled off on this one. that's not only neutral, it's absolutely nothing like your "he's just so dumb but i guess i'll have to give it a shot because everyone is talking about it (and then hate on it because everyone is talking about it)" stance.dustin: okay, i'll take it back that i said you wanted to like it. but i also said i don't hate it. i said i think some of the songs are good. i just think 10.0 is ridiculous. it seems pretty unfair that i can't even give a reasonable critique without being called a hater.vijay: when you claim that it lacks emotion or general worth or whatever (it has no soul) that very well may be because you're literally just not feeling it, but it can come across as originating from a place of indifference where you can't be bothered to even try, especially when you've branded the guy an idiot before you've even listened to the album.calling the rave reviews ridiculous and claiming that there's no way a kanye song carries any real emotional heft can seem more like you're mocking those people who happen to connect with the album, and less of a "reasonable critique." hence the cries of hater, though i actually like "meh merchant" better (i just came up with that!).dustin: i only bring up emotion because your review (and many others) was mainly a rave about his production skills and creativity in the studio. and to that i say, yes, i agree. he is good at what he does. and yes, he does convey emotion. but the emotion of a kanye or a jay-z is in my opinion limited to bravado. sure, they're good when you want to go out and rage or when you feel like someone is oppressing you and you need a boost, but that's pretty limiting to me. that's why i brought it back to mj and prince, the two artists kanye has been compared to recently. mj songs, however innocent and childish they may have been at times, could inspire, could make you feel melancholy, could invoke romance. i just feel like even when kanye is at his most skillful musically, his music remains hollow because he is not "about" anything but himself. his music is about making music and being a "success." this has been my same issue with jay-z and why i will always choose nas over him, even though nas is insane and makes a lot of horrible songs. so yeah, i can and sometimes do enjoy kanye, but it's just... fun. and that does not place him on a level of classic stature in my opinion. edgar: agree and agree! nothing kanye has ever made, in my humblest opinion, can evoke the intense emotion or imagery of a "n.y state of mind." a true classic. makes my soul cringe every time i listen to it. kanye is a gifted producer but its hard to separate him from mtv and what that godforsaken station means to this country and what it has become. thats another discussion though. blergh! im sickened now thinking about this. vijay: it's not the usual, tired rap bravado. there is some dark and fascinating shit going on, "a hedonistic exploration into a rich and famous american id," a mad genius who is always on the brink of losing control, and he addresses his insanity head on. i mean, you realize that he is literally calling himself a douchebag on the lead single, right? egotistical, sure. but limited to the same old "i am the greatest" bullshit? if you choose to go back and listen closer you may be surprised. the pitchfork review, by the way, barely addresses the production and music and focuses almost entirely on the thematic elements. the village voice also had a good piece on "plumbing the gorgeous nightmares" of the album (love that).it's getting this amazing critical reception because both elements are there: the musicality and a compelling narrative (no one is saying "concept" though, which is kind of interesting). it does raise him to classic stature, and it does make this a landmark album, even if you're uninterested in the story he's telling. jay: if i may interject, it sounds like the crux of this argument is that dustin would not give a 10 to an album based on musicality alone if it does not affect him as a listener whereas vijay at times divorces the two when deciding his opinion. perhaps that is the impasse.as for my opinion, after two full listens: 7.5/10. it starts off real strong but the second half is definitely weaker than first. some songs go on too long but i like the surprising shifts mid-song, which are rare, if not nonexistent, in hip hop production. album of the year? hardly. i don't even think this is kanye's best (that would be late registration). but i do think he's the best at conducting aka knowing how to combine disparate elements into cohesive wholes. still, i think all this "greatest album ever" stuff is more the result of a. people (critics?) unable to resist the rise, fall and redemption of a musical superstar and b. no one wants to be the person who gives it a less-than-stellar review for fear of being mocked, hence why many critics are gutless wonders. but there's some banging stuff on it.vijay: a. since when are people interested in redemption? the whole modern celebrity culture obsession is only interested in the fall. the harder, the better. build 'em up and tear 'em down. with a strong emphasis on the latter — after all, that's the fun part. fuck second chances. with someone has been such an incredible egotistical douche, you honestly think people are clamoring to facilitate a rebirth of sorts? doesn't make much sense to me.b. and similarly, people being afraid of giving it a less than stellar review? if the aforementioned love of celebrity downfall wasn't bad enough, the holier-than-thou snarky elitism of the indie snob may be worse. in fact, i'm absolutely shocked that a meh merchant hasn't written a scathing contrarian backlash piece for a major site, even just as linkbait. instead, everyone from little truly nerdy niche sites like tiny mix tapes and coke machine glow (that love seriously avant garde drone music and shit) all the way up to rolling stone are recognizing its brilliance. i just feel writers at all these sites were like, "oh man this grandiose pop shit is brilliant, please let me nerd out and fawn over it" as opposed to "i better join the chorus and praise it to the high heavens... damn, how am i going to make this convincing?"jay: i don't agree that "the whole modern celebrity culture obsession is only interested in the fall." people obviously love tearing down but in this case, there were so many fans of kanye who either gave him a pass or out-and-out enjoyed his jackass behavior that they wanted to celebrate this alleged "rebirth." the story is just too compelling. i'm not saying they also don't like the music but if this was, say, his debut album without any of the backstory, there is no way these reviews are as stellar as they currently are.vijay: but for people like me and russ, the only part of the backstory that we care about is the musical backstory: that it's his best album yet.jay: well, someone agrees with me — pitchfork: "the takeaway was that even though kanye went through an 'extremely hard year,' the initial sales of his album meant that 'people want me to keep making music and not give up.' it's a redemption story, old as time, and enduring for a reason."vijay: that was the "takeaway" of kanye's rant itself (during which people were actually heckling him). of course he sees the album sales as redemption after swiftgate and all that garbage, but i still am struggling to see that as strongly influencing practically all journalists to go much farther than they would have otherwise. i mean, come on, give music nerds some credit. everyone is just so mesmerized and swayed by this bona-fide asshole's supposedly triumphant return that they're like, "jack the ratings up to the max! i don't care what the album sounds like... he's baaaaaaaaaaaaaaack!"?jay: not as extreme, but yes, i think that's exactly what happened. his whole arc this past year was enough for an extra star or point or whatever. it's naive to think that that has no impact or influence on how the music is perceived.vijay: so it's really a 9/10 instead of a perfect score? i'll gladly accept that. not to be ethno-biased or whatever, but i think british reviews of the album are a good, somewhat detached barometer... you've got nme with a 9/10 and the guardian with a very fair 8/10, calling it a "flawed near-masterpiece."dustin: i really really don't want to stretch this out any longer but i have to say, i was listening to "the blame game" with john legend just now, and i was like, "okay, maybe i was too harsh about the whole emotion thing. this seems like a pretty heartfelt song. i'll give it to him." and then chris rock came out talking about "i never been to that part of pussy town before." are you kidding me! is this the jerky boys? you're going to tell me this is a classic? this? how are you going to take a supposedly serious ballad type song and end it with that? not only is it dumb, but it's crass. actually, it's "fuckin ridiculous."vijay: yeah, no hip hop classics contain any stupid filler skits.dustin: why would you put that skit there? why? seriously. i want to know. maybe the most serious and "moving" song on the album, and he ends it with that. not even a separate track either. even on the "hip hop generally sucks sliding scale" i find it hard to understand. russ: the skit is funny for like three listens.  after that it's annoying.  i don't get skits, i don't understand why they exist at all but they seem to be a part of the process.  it would make a lot more sense to me as a bonus track or something you put on a single.  so yeah, it's out of place in the song, but in my opinion all skits are out of place period.jay: okay, i think we have come to an agreement...it's around a 7/8 which i think is a fair score. unless you're dustin. then it's a 3.edgar: or me who thinks a 3 is pushing it. i just don't get it. russ: he rhymed sarcophagus with esophagus. i'm sold.





posted by

dustin



at

8:35 am



19 comments:
  


















labels:
kanye,
kanye west,
my dark twisted fantasy













older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)






blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2011

(1)





        ▼ 
      



september

(1)

watch the hater thone: everyone vs. dustin on jay-...










        ► 
      



2010

(1)





        ► 
      



november

(1)









        ► 
      



2006

(23)





        ► 
      



october

(1)







        ► 
      



july

(2)







        ► 
      



june

(4)







        ► 
      



may

(4)







        ► 
      



april

(2)







        ► 
      



march

(5)







        ► 
      



february

(5)









links


tools of the trade
dustinland
hip-hop karaoke nyc
music for robots
spine magazine
freemotion
scissorkick
soul sides
aversionline
coolfer
your band sucks






 










