


rev. flamin' harry and the roadhouse rockers - king of blues rock.







								flamin' harry and the roadhouse rockers!  red, hot rockin' blues!  our latest cd "blues cruise" is on sale now!
							









flamin' harry the bluzpirate
ny blues hall of fame inductee
red hot rockin' blues!

biography -
discography
live performances-bookings -
flamin' harry songs
flamin' harry in the new millennium
flamin' harry photo page
guitar lesson -
flamin' harry trivia-quotes
harry's favorite links - legendary
tattoos by rev. harry!
join the flamin' harry mailing list!
new flamin' harry
cd's now available!!!!
watch for the new flamin harry the bluzpirate radio show "live from eagles cove"



the guitar slinger
at work!

flamin' harry
long considered the premier bluesrock guitarist on the east coast, flamin' harry mc gonigal and his band, the roadhouse rockers, comprised of chuck hearne on bass and john kehoe on drums are a cohesive trio that deliver a powerful brand of progressive bluesrock. guitar driven with a blues attitude and a signature sound.
flamin' harry, also called the bluzpirate, has recorded six releases, "fire on main street", "rude shoes", "life under the gun","hot, blue and righteous", "back trackin" and "blues cruise".. he also appears on the compilation cd "the green
room blues". this cd features the
best blues band from pennsylvania. the critically acclaimed "life
under the gun" features harry's impressive guitar and song
writing work. this is exemplified in the melodies of the title
track "ain't nobody", number one on philadelphia aor
giant wmmr for over three weeks, as well as the blistering blues-rocker
"cruzin'". in fact, "cruzin'" is the opening
track on the paisano
easyriders video "the great escape", distributed worldwide. "hot, blue and righteous", is a return to the raw blues-rock style that he is known for. it was a regular on bubba john stevens wmmr radio show "blues alley" in philadelphia.

after seeing harry in action, one can readily understand george
thorogood calling him "the most underrated guitar player
in north america." jon takiff, music critic for the philadelphia
daily news says "the flamin' harry band has a sound coherent
of the classic trios like cream and the jimi hendrix experience."
jack lloyd of the philadelphia inquirer gave harry's last record
a four star rave review saying "this album makes harry's
unit the hottest band to come out of the philadelphia area since
george thorogood and the delaware destroyers." eugene pitts
of audio magazine just reviewed hot, blue & righteous and
he says " a for sound, a for performance!" "blaze
guitar work!" " adrenaline rush with the hair on the
back of my neck stickin' straight up!" " move over slowhand
(clapton), flamin' harry's here!"
fhb appearances include: spectrum,phila, pa(3 times), mann music center, phila, pa., civic center, phila, pa(4 times), sellersville theater, trocadero, empire rock room, phoenixville blues festival, chestnut cabaret, 23 east cabaret, ambler cabaret, j.c.dobbs, abilene, river blues festival, penns landing,pa, many bucks county blues society shows, lbi blues festival, new jersey arts, lobster blues festival, bandanna blues festival, moonlight gardens, cincinnati, ohio, decade, pittsburgh, pa, ham n' jam hulett, wyoming, buffalo chip musical festival, sturgis, sd, harley rendezvous, mariateville, ny, hazen, bike fest, civic arena, massachusetts, armory stadium, rochester, ny, lone star cafe, lone star roadhouse,ny, stone pony, asbury park, nj, wildwood convention hall,nj, new jersey state fair, pennsylvania state fair, quakertown balloon festival, puck live doylestown, pa, havana new hope, pa, steelstacks, musikfest bethlehem, pa, pennsylvania blues festival, split rock, poconos, pa, 2nd story blues alliance, bethlehem, pa, kk katies, boston,ma, debella de ball and many, many more.
fhb has appeared in concert on the bill with quicksilver messenger service, bonnie raitt, george thorogood, johnny winter, greg allman, dickie betts, stevie ray vaughan, eric burden, john hammond, south side johnny, steve howe, savoy brown, robin trower, latoya jackson, bb king, rtz(boston), the hooters, robert hazzard, tommy conwell, new riders of the purple sage, leon russel, richie havens, todd rundren, nighthawks, lita ford, bachman turner overdrive, steppenwolf, foghat, j. geils band, brian auger, steve forbert, deep purple, ted nugent, tabby thomas( fhb was tabby's band for the lbi blues festival.), john lee hooker, buddy guy, junior wells,willie dixon, guitar junior, koko taylor, long john baldry, james cotton, ac reed, elvin bishop, albert collins, johnny copeland, carey bell, son seals, lonnie mack, sugar blue, marshall tucker, outlaws, wolfman jack, joe walsh, little caeser, edgar winter, pat travers, jimmy rodgers, eddie clearwater, corey stevens, the blues busters, john eddie, the frogs, tj tindal, gatorbait, rick estrin, poppa chubby and bo diddley.(for a while harry played guitar for bo diddley) plus many more!
flamin' harry was nominated for many phila music awards including best independent release,street beat, and best of phila. for several years running harry was a member of the wmmr all-star band!!! he was also given the 1997and 2012 "keeping the blues alive" award by the bucks county blues society. he was awarded the philly music lifetime achievement award and in july 2014 was inducted into the ny blues hall of fame. harry is also a member of the bucks county blues society advisory board. what started as a young boy who loved the blues has evolved into one of the most innovative bluesrock stylist in the world. harry's finger picking style has been often copied but never duplicated and his live performances have become legendary. be sure not to miss the uncompromising bluesrock guitar work and performances of rev. flamin' harry and the roadhouse rockers.
call now to book the "living legend" for your next event! 1-215-257-1006    cell 215 460 6960
 






flamin' harry rock n' roll university 
music instruction by flamin' harry mc gonigal 
guitar, bass, voice, piano, harmonica, etc
215 460 6960




vintage guitars
mc gonigal music and art studio
local heroes
entertainment hotline -club and fan spotlight
bucks county mountainmen!

a new site dedicated to archery and muzzleloading 
rev harry hunting pouches
stick and a string traditional archery shoppe
hunt with flamin' harry




local heroes - entertainment hotline
club
and fan spotlight-gig photos

over 50,000 hits as of 2015


flamin' harry mailing list!
to join, send your name and
address to:
blueta2@enter.net

fifind us on facebook! and twitter!

snail mail at

flamin' harry's mc gonigal music
and art studio531 chestnut st, perkasie, pa 18944 215-257-1006    cell 215 460 6960
 
(back)
want to join the new flamin'
harry list? just enter your email and get ready for the latest
fhb info!


subscribe to flametime






powered by groups.yahoo.com

 



