





best western brandywine valley inn - brandywine valley hotel - wilmington, de




wilmington, de302.656.9436800.537.7772

homerooms & suitesspecial packagesbrandywine valleymap & directionsreservations
    brandywine valley inn...convenient, friendly, economical...
in the heart of the brandywine valley  |  just two hours by car from new york city & washington d. c.  |  take exit 8, i-95, wilmington, de
 


 

 






the court...exclusively for business travelersqueen size beds, free wifi, a work desk, in-room fax/copier/printer... see our videoconference & meeting centerreserve a room






your hospitality center for visiting guests
enjoy our rooms, pool, jacuzzi, free wifi, complimentary breakfasts by 
manhattan bagels and our friendly, courteous and knowledgeable staff. more informationreserve a room




 
1 & 2 night brandywine valley getaway packages

for longwood gardens, winterthur, hagley museum & brandywine river museum of art visitors... watch our brandywine valley video now
get a quote






get a free brandywine valley dvdget an insiders preview of what the brandywine valley is all about and an in depth look at some of our most popular attractions....request dvd 

 







the brandywine valley offers visitors an extraordinary collection of world-class attractions and events, along with an array of fine restaurants, distinctive shops and first-rate entertainment. 
bookmark this site and return here often to stay informed about our seasonal tourism specials as well as the latest updates to our brandywine valley calendar of events -- including information on 
longwood gardens festivals,
winterthur museum garden & library and their famous
point-to-point races, brandywine river museum, delaware art museum and the area's many  seasonal celebrations.





 best western brandywine valley inn  |  1807 concord pike, wilmington, de 19803  |  302.656.9436  |   info@brandywineinn.com  

  



brandywine valley inn



about the inn
when you've have family and friends visiting - whatever the occasion - think of the brandywine valley inn as your home-close-to-home. we're easy to find, just off i-95, and convenient to just about anywhere in the greater wilmington area, including philadelphia international airport and amtrak's downtown wilmington station.
rooms & rates
all of our guestrooms are newly refurbished and include free local calls, voice mail, breakfast served in the lobby café by manhattan bagels, 37" flat-screen tv with free cable, free wifi microwave and refrigerator units, irons with ironing boards, hair dryers, in-room coffee makers and deluxe amenities.

for special guests, we offer our french country boudoirs, winterthur chambers and one and two bedroom winterthur suites... all furnished with winterthur reproductions furniture, wall coverings, fabrics, molding and finishes. they will make anyone's stay more memorable.
relax & exercise at the inn in our outdoor jacuzzi or adult and kiddie pools or keep in shape in our nautilus-lifecycle fitness center open to all of our guests.


our friendly, knowledgeable staff and available courtesy shuttle will help get your or your guests where they need to be, and rest assured your guests will have literally dozens of shops and restaurants available within a quarter-mile.
special packages
the inn offers special packages ( room + brandywine valley attraction tickets) which require advance reservations and are subject to availability. attraction tickets are for general admission unless otherwise noted. theatre tickets are purchased at time of booking reservation - sorry, no refunds. weekend and celebrity shows and exhibits subject to surcharge. cancellation policy for friday and saturday arrivals 48 hours prior to arrival. upgrades available: 
	king $20.00 s/b $30.00, family ste $40.00 s/b $50.00, winterthur chamber  $70.00 s/b $75.00, winterthur suite $140.00 s/b $150.00.  







