






open training college – otc – learning together





























































skip to content







e-mail: info@opentrainingcollege.com login to myotc | yourotc 
facebookgoogleyoutubeinstagram
 
























boost your knowledge and career












apply online now










 








menu


home
about

about us
meet our staff
client agencies
quality assurance

core qa documentation
academic council
annual institutional quality reports


covid-19:  otc contingency arrangements


courses

  social care

qqi het: ba (hons) in applied social studies (disability service management) – level 8
qqi het: ba in social care – level 7 – coru approved
new qqi fet: certificate in intellectual disability practice – level 5 (major award)


  management

qqi het: ba (hons) in applied social studies (disability service management) – level 8
qqi het: certificate in applied management (human services) – level 6


  continuing professional development (cpd)

social care

qqi fet cert in training and development – sp level 6
qqi het: cert in patient safety complaints advocacy – sp level 7
qqi het: cert in supported employment – sp level 7
otc cert: empowerment and advocacy
otc cert: exploring disability
otc cert: supporting and working with families


management

qqi het: cert in human service manager skills – sp level 6
otc cert: essential employment law
otc cert: managing for regulation and inspection
otc cert: the manager as coach and mentor
otc cert: human resource management and supervision
otc cert: supervision for persons in charge (pics)




  key essential skills online training

otc cert: assisted decision making
otc cert: foundation programme for working in residential services
otc cert: individualising disability services in ireland: the way forward




student view

student support services


apply online

application help


staff training and development

otc partnerships with agencies
case studies of otc projects

effective training options for staff
changing service delivery
getting ready for hiqa


otc collaboration with agencies


news

newsletter: otc times
latest news

launch of cdnt online resources for children and families..
congratulations to all of our 2024 graduates!
applicants day information session for cert in applied management (online) – december 18th:
open training college conferring of awards 2024
applicants day information session for cert in applied management (online) – oct 24th:
interviews for social care applicants on may 16th, 2025
applicants day information session for cert in applied management (online) – oct 24th:
informal interviews for social care applicants on may 24th, 2024
congratulations to eimear ryan, new programme director of otc social care courses
congratulations to all otc graduates in 2023!
informal interviews for cert in applied management  (jan2024) applicants (online) – dec 18th:
informal interviews for social care applicants on july 27th, 2023
otc social care open day event on 27th april 2023: social care workers – what they do, and how to become one.
important upcoming dates – social care short courses – spring 2023
important upcoming dates – management courses – spring 2023
qqi level 5: using lámh in a total communication approach
informal interviews for cert in applied management applicants on december 20th, 2022 (online)
open information event: managing in challenging times – dec 6th 2022 – register now!
otc seeks head of quality and academic affairs
otc seeks a programme co-ordinator – intellectual disability practice level 5
patient safety complaints advocacy – early bird offer extended to jan 10th..


college blogs

a career in social care? what to expect – part 3
a career in social care? what to expect – part 2
a career in social care? what to expect.
human rights is in the small places.
from the ‘heart to the head’: the benefits of otc (face to face) workshops – a key part of the blended learning experience.
what is the role of law and policy in promoting the rights of people with disabilities in ireland?
social care workers – transformers of the world
managing in challenging times
how managers improve team performance through leadership learning
working through change: a leadership focus
five questions to improve your leadership skills
otc student support service – a student’s perspective
how will i fit a social care degree into my busy life?
the gorilla in the room! the complexity of communication.
quality is a habit!




contact






























 







 

qqi het: cert in human service manager skills - sp level 6 

this 11-week, level 6 special purpose award (20 ects credits) will provide students with a comprehensive understanding of both the challenges and opportunities that exist in the management of frontline services and of supports within today’s human service organisation. it also meets the management qualification requirements set out in the hiqa standards. 

read more 










 

qqi het: ba in social care - level 7 

this course is designed for people who want to attain the standards of proficiency for social care workers as defined by coru.
the learner will engage with 18 modules that explore social care practice and how it applies in various social care settings. students will complete over 800 hours of supervised practice placement, in a... 

read more 










 

qqi cert in supported employment - sp level 7 

this certificate in supported employment level 7 special purpose award is a professional qualification targeted specifically at the needs of people working as job coaches and employment facilitators. 

read more 










 

qqi fet: cert in training and development - sp level 6 

the certificate in training and development twelve week programme provides participants with the tools to identify training needs and design, plan, deliver and evaluate quality and engaging training.
the course is aimed at qualified practitioners who wish to pursue a career as a trainer. the course is aimed at individuals already involved in designing and delivering... 

read more 





 applied management 

 social care 

 professional development 

 further education 


 












our courses are created by and for people in the disability and other human services and non-profit sector.






they are sector specific, student-centred, practical, relevant and accredited.













				   applied management			
				social care			
				professional development			
				further education (fet)			




   applied management


 manage to make the difference

our accredited certificate, degree and professional development programmes provide people with the knowledge and skills required to manage effectively in a challenging environment.
explore our management courses.




social care


 achieve excellence

our degree level and professional development programmes provide disability and social care professionals with the skills required to deliver effective person centred services.
explore our social care courses.




professional development


 build your capabilities

our professional development programmes provide a platform to develop your skills, build on your capabilities and develop your career plans.
explore our cpd courses.




further education (fet)


 gaining relevant skills

having a relevant qqi level 5 qualification is a basic requirement to access work as a care assistant, sna, health care assistant or social care assistant in a large number of organisations. if you are working already in a service that is hiqa regulated, a level 5 qualification is now seen as an essential requirement and this is something that is not going to change.
explore our fet courses.















our latest news











launch of cdnt online resources for children and families..



					10 december 2024				


read more









congratulations to all of our 2024 graduates!



					29 november 2024				


read more









applicants day information session for cert in applied management (online) – december 18th:



					04 november 2024				


read more

















our approach and educational philosophy is entirely driven by the needs of our learning community.






this is made up of our expert staff, committed students, partner organisations and service users who, working together, create a truly unique learning experience.

























we, first and foremost, regard our students as colleagues dedicated to the common cause of enhancing the lives of service-users.
we recognise the fundamental importance of providing an environment in which their learning is acknowledged, encouraged & integrated into working practices. this influences who we are and everything we do.
learn more about:

who we are
how you will learn with us
the student experience






















we believe in the importance of a learning organisation.






human services and non-profit organisations are always learning to deliver better services.









we have spent over 20 years working as training experts. in that role we have combined extensive first-line experience with a detailed knowledge of the strategic and operational dynamics of the space.








learn more
























































how can we help?








 

your name
please enter your name.



your email
please enter a valid email.



your message
please enter a message.



please check the captcha to verify you are not a robot.





send


message failed. please try again.

your message was sent successfully. many thanks we'll be in touch soon.




















the open training college is an education provider of qqi awards in further and higher education and training.
winner of the international elearning awards in 2016 and aontas nationwide star award winner in 2010























 










quick links home
about
courses
agency services
latest news
contact us


facebook
google
youtube

instagram
contactwillowfield park, goatstown, dublin 14, ireland







+353-1-298 8544
info@opentrainingcollege.com
www.opentrainingcollege.com

about us the open training college exists to provide learning opportunities to the human services and non-profit sector.
learn more...
 





all rights reserved: the open training college | privacy policy | cookies policy 




scroll to top 










