



impactscan.org | ct scanner information, evaluation and advice.
  welcome...










impactscan.org 





:: on this page


impact news 
ct dosimetry

latest
  topics
site status 
getting around 

:: around the site

what's
  new
ctdosimetry
    v1.0.4 
the
    impact course
presentations
reports & info
dosimetry
    & testing
r &
  d
history of
  ct
patients'
    guide to ct

links
about impact
contact
    us
site map
::
search
back
    



xhtml 1.0 | css


use google to translate this site into: 

 dutch
 french
 german
 italian
 japanese
 polish
 portuguese
 spanish
 welsh





:: impact


did you know .?. 
ct scanning is a medical imaging technology; established in britain in 1971 , it can now be found world-wide 

this is the web site of the impact ct scanner evaluation group.

impact was the uk's ct scanner evaluation centre for 25 years. their experts
provided a wide range of ct scanner related services to the nhs and other providers of healthcare; primarily in
the uk, but the knowledge and information has benefitted users and patients
around the world. 


what is a ct scanner ?
a ct (or cat) scanner
produces x-ray images of 'slices' through the body. see our patient's
guide for more information.


on this site, we give you an idea of the work undertaken by the group, as
well as providing ongoing access to some of our many resources for use by all
people involved in ct scanning.

some of the most current topics and recent additions are listed below. 




john perry 

it is with sadness that we learnt of the death of dr john perry, one of
    the pioneers
    of ct scanning and impact. 
    a further tribute will appear on this site soon. 

if you have any hot topics we should know about, please contact us

:: impact news

:: keeping involved 
past impact staff are involved with a number of courses and events in the
coming months. do please come along and say 'hi'. 
see below for more details 
:: celebrating ct 
the 2012 bir president's conference  was a
tribute to godfrey hounsfield and 40 years of clinical ct scanning. 
a brief report on this event should be available soon; in the meantime you can
watch many of presentations on a well known video sharing site, including willi
kalendar's keynote
presentation 
:: guidance on testing
oct 2012         quality assurance programme for computed tomography
iaea have released a report as part of their human health series, entitled
quality assurance programme for computed tomography: diagnostic and
therapy applications ... ... read more
... 
:: nice guidance issued
jan 2012         ** dg3 computed tomography scanners for cardiac imaging ...
**
new nice guidance on new generation cardiac ct scanners... read more ...  
:: wide beam dosimetry guidance 
oct 2011         status of computed tomography dosimetry for wide cone beam
scanners 

:: 40 years of ct
june 2011
** 'history of ct' page **
to celebrate the 40th anniversary of the first clinical ct scan, which took
place at atkinson morley's hospital in london on 1st october 1971, we have
added a 'history of ct' page to this site.
:: ctdosimetry version 1.0.4 available
latest version of ctdosimetry
 is  available to download.

:: team news 
::update on our current status
october 2011
impact was closed down from 29th
september 2011 due to cessation of central funding 
this web site will remain open but will not be regularly maintained.
we will try to keep it relatively up to date. please be patient with us as this
is now done on a volunteer basis. 
we will provide updates if anything changes with our status.
please check back to this site when you can. otherwise do please drop us a line

emails sent to "personname"at"impactscan.org will be forwarded to the
appropriate people. 
general emails (e.g. impact at impactscan.org) will only be reviewed
infrequently.

it would be particularly interesting to hear how our work has helped you over
the years. thanks to all those who have already written to express their
support for both the work and the staff involved. 
:: finding your way around this site 
please follow the links in the navigation pane on the right hand side of
each page to get to the area in which you are interested.
if you are not sure what you are looking for, please search our site :  
due to our current status  and hence the long delay in
responding to your contact messages, it will be quicker for you if you can find
the answer on the site 
:: courses 

king’s imaging technology evaluation centre (kitec) are running a
course on ct
principles in petct and spect/ct. many of the old impact team are involved.

sue edyvean will be talking at ukrc 2013 
considering developments in radiation protection involved in ct scanning at
bir this autumn. check out their website  for further details of one of
their courses
:: web site status
website updates 
due to the closure of the impact group, this site is now only infrequently
updated and maintained. we are attempting to keep things up to date, but please
forgive the tardiness 
broken links to reports - an update 
we are aware that there were problems with the links from our site to the
archive of published reports. this was due to closure of pasa and the transfer
of their copywrite material. we have now updated our links and they should
work. however, there may still be issues arising as responsibility for
maintaining cep reports passes from nhs pasa to the department of health. you
can now go to our report list  and select the report
you want to download. 
apologies for any inconvenience that this may have caused you. 
website issues 
there are no other known issues with the web site at present. please let us
know if you find problems with the site. 

:: latest topics



advanced ct
    scanners for coronary angiography market review
dyna-vision
    mobile real-time remote patient monitor evidence review
ctdosimetry version 1.0.4 
report on rsna 2007  
ukrc 2007
    presentations 
latest comparison
  reports
ipem report 77 has
    been replaced  
impact's ct dosimetry
    spreadsheet
rcr
    'technical standards for ct' document
nrpb
    ct dose and usage survey report

...more...












