



national boating federation - home page












national boating federation






representing america's boaters




home page
about nbf 
join nbf
our members
contact nbf
past presidents





welcome from the national boating federation





hide
 


show




slide1
slide2
slide3
slide5






what is nbf?
founded in 1966, the national boating	federation	(nbf)	is	the	largest non-profit, nationwide alliance of recreational boating organizations. the federation is composed of boating and yacht clubs and their associations representing over 2,000,000 of america's recreational boaters.
nbf promotes safe boating through education, acts as a legislative watchdog and advocates for favorable boating legislation, regulations and best management practices.
the membership represents no commercial interests and sells no products. the officers and directors are all volunteers with strong backgrounds in all aspects of recreational boating. our membership spans the continent from canada to mexico and from the atlantic to the pacific oceans.
you can count on your national boating federation's continuing commitment to the wise and 
          direct use of your boat tax dollars for your benefit … be it adequate access to our ocean waterways,  
          lakes and rivers, right of passage and of anchoring, or promotion of our prudent exercise of those rights.  
          nbf works to avoid onerous legislation and promotes good legislation.      
like us on facebook  







issues & standing positions
calendar
sign-up for nbf ebulletin 
nbf ebulletins
renew/join/donate
meeting information
history and purpose
nbf officers & 
            executive committee
educational/training materials
by-laws
reports
links






here is what's new at nbf



          informed, alert communities play a critical role in keeping our nation safe. "if you see something, say something™"
engages the public in protecting our homeland through awareness–building, partnerships, and other outreach. 
click here to read more about the "if you see something, say something" campaign.



boating, ethanol, and you

you may be misfueling your boat!
there have been several studies showing we have a serious situation due to ethanol in our gasoline. this information gap could have dangerous results for you.

          know that the national boating federation, mostly through our legislative director earl waesche, has been working to speak for you regarding the implementation of ethanol-included gasoline for marine use. earl does this in several ways, one of which is in conjunction with our partners, where much information is shared.

          all should be aware that many marine engines cannot tolerate any level of ethanol, while some of the newer engines can utilize a small volume of ethanol. none of these can tolerate e15!  but just so you don't think this is related only to marine engines, beware!  none of your small engines, i.e. lawnmowers, snowblowers, weedwackers, chainsaws, snowmobiles, jet skis, wave runners, etc., can tolerate it either.  indeed, motorcycles and many older automobiles do not operate well, or long, with it either.

          the article you may access here is a study from our friends at boat us, and it demonstrates an even greater danger: public ignorance to the ethanol effects, and reading the labels on the dispensing pumps. for us at nbf, your education on this issue is paramount!

          please access the boat us document and read it through. be aware of what you are pumping as your safety could be at risk. should you desire more information, there are several articles on ethanol and marine usage on our website.

          while on our website, please consider becoming a member. we could use the support as we work on your behalf.

        thank you!


ed payne, nbf past president

safety alert: check for problems before your life depends on it...

we're not inflating the importance of this message. this safety alert reminds all inflatable life jacket users of the importance of performing periodic maintenance on their equipment. instances of fatal accidents where inflatable life jackets failed to properly inflate have been documented. when a life jacket fails to inflate properly, the results can be life threatening. unknown bladder leaks may exist, fabric degradation or an improperly installed co2 cylinder is all it takes to render an inflatable life jacket ineffective by preventing its inflation or ability to stay inflated.
various manufacturers of inflatable equipment will likely have different maintenance instructions for their products and directions for the user to service and inspect the devices. knowing and following the manufacturer’s maintenance instructions are critical. proper maintenance service and inspection will ensure all parts of the life jacket including the bladder, inflation mechanism and co2 cylinder are checked and in good working order.
the coast guard highly recommends routine maintenance, service, and inspection in accordance with the manufacturer’s instructions.
          the following inflatable life jacket inspection guidance is for informational purposes only and does not supersede any manufacturer recommendations or instruction...



safety alert: routine lifejacket inspections

the coast guard issued a safety alert to remind all vessel operators to routnely inspect their lifejackets to ensure they are suitable for service. recently coast guard inspectors discovered over 60 lifejackets that were required to be removed and destroyed. it was discovered that the unicellular foam buoyant material within the nylon outer shell had degraded significantly over time, broke apart, crumbled and in some instances was reduced to dust. the lifejackets were properly stored, kept dry, and not under direct sunlight; however, the location was very hot at times.

                click here to view or download...the marine safety alet: stem to stern, foam to dust, inspecting your lifejackets is a must!







now available...the nbf lapel pin    $5.00     email your order here...

        email your order for an nbf burgee.   only $35.00 (includes shipping)

        please indicate "nbf burgee" in the subject line














contact webmaster  



     ©  national boating federation. all rights reserved 





