




bioconferences international, inc.













contact us
let us plan your meeting
previous meetings
conferences
home





upcoming conferences
previous conferences



 women's health 2017: the 25th annual congress
april 28-30, 2017
academy of breastfeeding medicine's 22nd annual international meeting
november 9-12,2017





academy of breastfeeding medicine's 21st annual international meeting
october 13-16, 2016
women's health 2016: the 24th annual congress
april 14-17, 2016







what we offer

site inspection & selection
contract negotiations
meeting management services
on-site show management
post management services
purchase materials




welcome to bioconferences international, inc.
bioconferences international, inc. is well recognized as both a conference producer and trade show management organization that produces seminars and tradeshows that range in size from targeted symposia  to multi-track congresses and conventions and expositions.
bioconferences international, established in 1988, initiates innovative and comprehensive meetings of all sizes in cutting-edge fields, including biotechnology, medicine, law, and business.  like its parent company, mary ann liebert, inc., publishers, bioconferences international is highly acclaimed for its prescience and recognition of important and timely subject matters, which are presented in an effective and productive environment to enhance knowledge and stimulate advances, funding, and collaborations.
bioconferences also offers its services to groups who need symposia or show management, from program and faculty development through marketing and on-site management.
each meeting is carefully constructed to meet the needs of presenters, sponsors, registrants, and exhibitors. every detail of your event is a high priority and will be structured to maximize meeting the goals of your organization, faculty, attendees and supporters.  we look forward to collaborative ventures and to hearing from you.





home
conferences
previous meetings
let us plan your meeting
contact us
privacy policy





