









prcspca | serving pearl river county

































home
contact us
 






 



donate

new leash on life
paypal donation
donate without spending
shelter needs
free food donation


pets

cats looking for homes
dogs looking for homes


volunteer

volunteer application
volunteer teams
away from shelter
volunteer at shelter
foster home volunteering


adoption

adoption process
adoption fee structure


fostering
vets
community cats
resources

grooming resources
goods program application
solutions for cat related issues
pet food pantry
rehoming your pet


health
lost & found
 



  

pearl river county society for the
          prevention of cruelty to animals
mississippi non-profit organization dedicated to promoting the welfare and humane treatment of animals throughout the county.




the short hair extensions of the neck is so beautiful! was it hair wigs ignored by you before such a soft and silky hairstyle is hair extensions uk very student-like, fresh and clean, especially for a girl human hair extensions uk hairstyle.








 








home


&amp;amp;amp;lt;span data-mce-type=”bookmark” style=”display: inline-block; width: 0px; overflow: hidden; line-height: 0;” class=”mce_selres_start”&amp;amp;amp;gt;﻿&amp;amp;amp;lt;/span&amp;amp;amp;gt;
————-
open tuesday – saturday 10am – 4pm
closed on sunday and monday
————-



————-
.take a tour of our shelter
————-
in order to help us save more lives, you need to schedule an appointment to surrender any animal. this allows us to plan our space better, which means saving lives!
please call ahead and make sure we have room for your pet.
 
our featured pets click thumbnail for more information




                             
                        dogs looking for homes


        
  cats looking for homes





we use patented kuranda dog beds because they are durable, chew proof and easy to clean. if you would like to donate a bed to us, click here.

 we are working with maddie’s fund and participating in their million cat challenge







 

 
 
  
 
. 

1700 palestine road, picayune, mississippi 39466 







cats looking for homes 

dogs looking for homes 

 
  
   










use giving assistant to save money and support pearl river county spca inc.




has your dog or cat gone missing?
  
   
check out our feature above showing pets that just came in with no known owner.
 
---------------------------------------------------------------
these pets have been found (or lost) and are not at the shelter.  the ones that have been found are being cared for by the kind people who found them until we have room at the shelter to take them in.
   





 














read our newsletters
shelter information
old become a member
free food donation
foster home volunteering
spay and neuter info
statistics
 



new hours: tuesday-saturday
        10:00 am - 4:00 pm






