



mirealsource - providing the tools for success in real estate



































248-247-1040
 support@mirealsource.com























































home


about

about mirealsource
contact form
data sharing



services

technical support
broker data sharing - idx
popular documents
photo copyright documents
dmca
pay my invoice



mls login

paragon
membership portal



articles

blogs
member spotlight



more

recommended photographers
your real source podcast
preferred lockbox
privacy statement





















providing the tools for success in real estate



mirealsource provides tools and education for real estate professionalsthrough a web-based software program.
sign up for classes 






michigan's best source for real estate technology



agents can quickly and accurately search properties in southeastmichigan with the no.1 rated mls system in the nation.
join here 






more data than any other mls in the state of michigan!



mirealsource has made terrific headway in creating a statewide database by providing more data than any other mls in the state of michigan. currently  holding the most data in mi.
read more 






paragon connect mls app



search the entire mls database with paragon connect. agent's  can also maintain a listing (price changes, add & maintain photos, upload photos, status changes, etc.)
read more 






cloud cma



cloud cma is the easy way to create amazing reports that help you write more 
offers and win more listings.
read more 






paragon no.1 rated mls system in the nation



mirealsource's customizable mls system includes 3rd party integrations;allowing brokers, agents, admins and appraisers to search real estate dataacross the state of michigan. 
sign in 






transactions desk- instanet solutions



your one-stop-shop for transaction management on mobile, tablet, or desktop complete with a custom dashboard, transactiondesk® gives  you access to your files, communicate with clients, fill in forms, review documents anywhere anytime.
learn more 






marketstats suite



by generating easy to read and visually pleasing reports and graphs, the marketstats suite allows you to share this information to better market yourself as the expert in the industry.
read more 






showingtime integration



showingtime for the mls enables members to schedule showings 24/7 through the mls website.it saves time, reduces calls, generates more showingsand helps agents provide better service.
read more 






tax records integrated in paragon



mirealsource offers both bs&a and realist tax records data to our members. both databases are integrated within paragon as quick action links for easy and seamless access.
read more 













why choose us?

mirealsource offers a wide variety of services to the real estate community








we offer full technical support on programs provided by mirealsource



technical support

contact us with any technical issues with paragon, email, or any programs provided by us.
view more








see all the classes, training and events provided by mirealsource



class schedule

we offer classes on all our products, speciality classes, and special events.
view more








see the latest webinars provided by mirealsource



webinars

mirealsource offers full class webinars and help chapters of our most popular questions.
view more












who is mirealsource!

michigan's real estate online source, and the state's largest broker-owned multiple listing service (mls) . participant of the most successful data-sharing operation in michigan, the great lakes repository. 13 mls's sharing data accoss michigan to provide the most data for our members.


 


providing supreme education for realtors®
					offering superior classes with the most up-to-date information that are held at our learning center.
                  



 


most innovative technology available to real estate professionals.
                    providing the tools and education for real estate professionals though a web-based program.
                  



 


provide the most accurate data
                    offering a wide array of statistical data from tax records and multiple mls's in our state. 
                  

learn more 













blog articles

michigan's best source for real estate technology, information and news











new paragon collaboration center app










mirealsource & next door photos collaboration










paragon connect mls app available










mirealsource offers the most data in the state










mirealsource offers realtor® association freedom of choice










ada improvements on single property websites






see more








search michigan real estate



find your dream home using mirealsource, and the state's largest broker-owned multiple listing service.






search



















join mirealsource today!
don't waste any more time


join now















mirealsource is the largest broker-owned multiple listing service in michigan providing tools and education through a web-based program...
					
					
more





about
services
mls login
webmail
articles






latest blogs









new paragon collaboration center app
nov. 19, 2024











mirealsource & next door photos collaboration
may. 16, 2024











paragon connect mls app available
dec. 07, 2023











mirealsource offers the most data in the state
aug. 24, 2023




more





find us

thank you for visiting the mirealsource website, please do not hesitate to contact or feel free to follow us on social media.









 48723 hayes road, shelby township, mi 48315
 248-247-1040
support@mirealsource.com













copyright © 2025 mirealsource. all rights reserved
website design & hosting by realsmartpro a service of online connexions inc.

























please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility


