






eco jute


























home
about us
production process
product profile

products 

beach & fashion
gifting & festivity
lifestyle & utility
shopping & promotion
wine & beer
digital printing



contact us






















say no to plastic bags











say no to plastic bags











say no to plastic bags











say no to plastic bags











say no to plastic bags


















we make bags that arestylish. sustainable. reusable. biodegradable
usage of plastic bags is an environmental menace that is destroying our planet.
globally individuals and organisations are saying no to plastic bags and moving towards bags that are eco-friendly and bio-degradable. eco jute pvt. ltd. is a pioneer in the manufacturing and export of bags made out of natural material like jute & cotton.









bespoke designs. handcrafted with care.
we have a range of popular shapes and styles to choose from, or you can go completely bespoke and design something unique.
once you've chosen how to build your bag, it is lovingly handmade using eco-friendly natural fibres and produced to the highest standards.



over 2 decades of experience
ecojute was launched in 1998 with the aim to manufacture and export eco-friendly and bio degradable jute, cotton and canvas bags
view company profile




state-of-the-art infrastructure
the environmentally and ethically compliant factory in kolkata is fitted with advanced equipment that compliment our experienced team.
view infrastructure




comprehensive product range
shopping bags to promotional bags, wine to grocery bags, cosmetic bags, gift and beach bags, ecojute has all your needs covered 
view products










accreditions & certifications
the government of india has recognized us as one star export house which speaks about our commitment towards  consistent quality & business standards. we are also sa 8000:2014 and smeta 4 pillar audited & certified for social and  ethical compliance, iso 9001:2015 and iso14001:2015 certified gots and fairtrade certified.















upvc windowsupvc doors









contact us
 kolkata, west bengal, india.
 +91 33 2290 1540 / 1543
info@ecojuteindia.com


stay updated
join our email list to get the latest updates and information.


sign up >










copyright â© 2020 eco jute private limited. all rights reserved. 























