











home | education abroad







skip to main content




search:

submit search

search filters:

search this site

search cornell











education abroad
 office of global learning



global cornell


what is global cornell?


global hubs


global grand challenges


global operations


einaudi center


education abroad


international services



main menu
search



 get advice



 events



 travel registry










home


get started


plan your path


contact a past participant




academics overview


academic policies




finances


for families




discover programs


all programs


global hubs


short-term programs


global internships




apply


apply for semester and year


apply for short-term programs


apply for global internships


deadlines




go abroad


prepare to go


travel, health, and safety


book your flight


get your visa


apply for housing


your identity abroad




your time abroad


returning home


transcripts and credits




your future abroad




faculty and staff


develop a short-term program




incoming students


international exchange


visiting international students


exchange and visiting facts













learn. engage. go places.
global learning is a vital part of your cornell experience.
are you ready to find your place in the world?
 

discover programs get advice
































cornell-usfq spring break exchange 
a spring 2024 exchange course between cornell and the universidad san francisco de quito, cornell’s global hubs partner in ecuador, provided new engaged learning opportunities for students from ithaca, new york, and quito, ecuador.











cornell global hubs: hkust
study in a dynamic research university with an international reputation for excellence. hong kong university of science and technology (hkust) occupies a stunning 150-acre site overlooking the pristine clearwater bay, located on the sai kung peninsula. the area is often considered as one of hong kong's havens for outdoor lovers. 











cornell global hubs: university of sydney
ranked consistently within the top three universities in australia, the university of sydney (usyd) is one of the country's leading research-intensive universities. usyd has extensive student mobility programs, with more than 250 exchange opportunities. 











casa sevilla
casa sevilla is an immersive program that offers unique opportunities for students interested in health and/or migration studies. students go beyond the classroom, studying alongside spanish students in the university and taking courses in the program center that lead you into the community. 



















 

upcoming events









paris prelaw info session

time: 12:00 pm
location: virtual




24
feb












nolan school of hotel administration study abroad information session

time: 4:30 pm
location: statler hall, 165




26
feb







see all events







prepare to study abroad


we're helping cornell students plan now for study abroad in 2025 and beyond! hear from some recent study abroad students and find out how you can get started planning for a semester abroad now.watch the video








plan your path


get started


travel, health, and safety


academics


finances









we're here to help
do you have questions about studying abroad?
education abroad offers drop-in advising and advising by appointment.
get advice








cornellians abroad













what is global cornell?global cornell connects cornell with the world. our internationally engaged units foster high-impact international research and collaborations, teach and mentor the next generation of global citizens, and support international experiences and cultural exchange for all cornellians.explore global cornellglobal hubsglobal grand challengesglobal operationseinaudi center for international studieseducation abroadinternational services



education abroad
office of global learningcornell universityb50 caldwell hallithaca, ny 14853-2602+1 (607) 255-2746find us on: instagramcontact us









cornell university © 2025privacy policy | web accessibility help












