



lovesongs.com - love songs & "keep music alive"

























 




welcome to lovesongs.com





home
custom love songs
keep music alive
88 ways music
wedding music










search love songs here:

submit search form


web

lovesongs.com










love songs newsletter:










custom love songs

	       give your loved one a one-of-a-kind amazing gift unlike any other. there is no better way to tell someone how
	        you feel then to do it with a song!
perfect for weddings, birthdays, anniversaries and more! listen to our samples by vincent james with more
	        available on our custom love songs page.    for more information please fill out our custom song request.




 


special thanks to organizations supporting the arts

   





lovesongs blog
previous post

 

date: july 15th, 2021
           0 comment
           topic: love songs
           posted by: admin
         

"88+ ways music can change your life"
our book "88+ ways music can change your life" is now available on amazon.com and
				barnes & noble.
				  "88+ ways" features 100+ inspirational music stories and quotes including many from grammy winning & platinum selling artists & songwriters
				including bobby kimball (toto), rick wakeman (yes), vanessa carlton and simon kirke (bad company & free) just to name a few.
				we've also got a wonderful story from siedah garrett who wrote "man in the mirror" for michael jackson and sang with him on records
				and on tour plus billy steinberg who counts "like a virgin" by madonna among his many songwriting hits.
				for more information on the book please check out our latest blog music blog or look
				for it online here "88+ ways music" @ amazon.com
we at lovesongs.com are embarking on a new mission to help ""keep music alive".   our goal to get 10 million more kids and adults playing music
   		        so they too can enjoy the many benefits of being a musician, playing in a group or band and sharing their gift of music with their family friends and fans.   beginning today we'll be sharing
   		        inspirational music stories from all over the world each day with a new post.  ...read more













custom love songs
wedding music
song lyrics
keep music alive
privacy policy




© copyright 2000-2023 lovesongs.com

facebook
twitter



 



×







