

nsaids non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs









nsaids


 


 



natural anti-inflammatory
cytolyse
super antioxidant
tendinitis & bursitis
stress relief
find a doctor
drugs medications
links

nsaids case analysis
new approaches to soft tissue injuries
non-steroidial anti-inflammatory drugs (nsaids) are typically used to reduce
    inflammation in soft tissue injuries. the past 50 years represent an era of prodigious
    growth for sport and fitness related activities. unfortunately, increased participation
    has contributed to a rise in the number of sports-related injuries and the use of nsaids.
    the majority of these injuries involve soft tissue structures such as muscle, tendon and
    ligaments. practitioners in the field of sports medicine have a variety of drugs and other
    forms of therapy at their disposal for the treatment of acute inflammation secondary to
    soft tissue injury. these include the non-steroidial anti-inflammatory drugs, cortisol and
    muscle relaxants.
nsaids are administered with the intent to control acute inflammation and relieve pain.
    this is achieved by inhibiting the production of prostaglandin, a product of arachidonic
    acid via the cyclo-oxygenase pathway within the cell membrane. following the acute
    inflammatory response, a number of prostaglandins are produced of which prostaglandin e2
    (pge2) is particularly catabolic to muscle and the net result is the loss of muscle
    protein and atrophy. on the other hand, another prostaglandin, e1, reduces inflammatory
    response and promotes muscle relaxation. in addition, yet another prostaglandin called f2
    promotes the growth of muscle when this compound acts synergistically with the hormone
    insulin. when athletes take these nsaids, they inhibit all prostaglandin synthesis. as a
    result, nsaids control inflammation and decrease pain but the muscle is left in a
    non-regenerative phase.
the glucocorticoids (steroids) are another group of drugs used to treat soft tissue
    injury. these hormones are very effective in controlling mediators of inflammation and are
    capable of influencing muscle mass. however, a condition known as cushing's syndrome is
    caused by excessive amounts of corticosteroids, resulting in muscle weakness, atrophy and
    death of the muscle fibre. some authors have referred to glucocorticoids as being the
    hormone targeting soft tissue. this happens by converting proteins to amino acids and then
    to carbohydrates. this process appears to involve three mechanisms: (1) an increased
    release of amino acids by the muscle, (2) a decrease of dna and protein synthesis at the
    translation level, and (3) a reduction of amino acid uptake in the muscle. to date these
    drugs are routinely given when the injury persists and the athlete does not respond to a
    common first line of treatment with nsaids.
ice, compression and elevation are the standard treatments when dealing with acute soft
    tissue injuries. however, these modalities are only effective at providing anesthesia and
    preserving cell integrity during the first 24 hours following an injury, and are of little
    benefit during the recovery phase. furthermore, recent studies have shown that continued
    application of cold may exacerbate the inflammatory response and delay healing.
recently, a new approach to managing soft tissue injuries employs a combination of
    proteolytic enzymes (cytolyse)
    and antioxidants (life force super
    antioxidant / proantho-zyme) or the consumer oriented infiaid™.
    this combination, when given within the first 24 hours following acute injury has a
    down-regulating effect on the acute inflammatory response. this is achieved by the
    proteolytic enzymes' (cytolyse) ability to selectively stimulate the production of the
    antinflammatory prostaglandin e1 and inhibit the synthesis of the pro-inflammatory
    prostaglandin e2. in addition, the antioxidants (life force super antioxidant) stabilize
    the blood vessel wall, which in turn, decreases the amount of edema (swelling) present at
    the injury site following injury. the antioxidants act by scavenging oxidants and free
    radicals, and possess a unique ability to preserve collagen molecules, which are a major
    component of the soft tissue structures and are compromised at the time of injury.
early pilot studies have revealed that when injured football players were treated
    following competition with the conventional methods of ice or nsaids versus cytolyse and
    life force super antioxidant, they returned to play with more vigor when treated with the
    latter combination. in a clinical setting, dr. tris trethart, a family physician who uses
    a complementary nutritional approach, found that anti-oxidants (life force)
    and proteolytic enzymes (cytolyse)
    "were extremely useful in the early stages after a sports injury, or for persons
    recovering from surgical procedures. also, our preliminary experience indicates that the
    combination of life force super antioxidant and cytolyse have benefited some
    athersclerosis conditions. nsaids are incapable of this type of effect. we have also seen
    some promising work by dr. william donald kelly, who has worked with cancer patients using
    proteolytic enzymes and anti-oxidants. we've had good success with conditions such as back
    strain, disc pain, sciatica and whip lash. with these conditions, the management of the
    anti-inflammatory process by the proteolytic enzymes and anti-oxidants may well be why we
    are seeing a positive response."
the therapeutic approach with proteolytic enzymes (cytolyse)
    and antioxidants (life force super
    antioxidant) is becoming an accepted protocol for the treatment of a number of
    conditions because of the ability of the compounds to modify the acute anti-inflammatory
    response and enhance the recovery process, unlike nsaids. the consumer oriented natural
    anti-inflammatory contains both proteolytic enzymes and antioxidants.
brian d. fisher, ph.d. is a full professor in the department of sports medicine at the
    university of alberta in edmonton, alberta, canada. and, dr. tris trethart, m.d. is an
    integrative medicine practitioner in edmonton, alberta, can.
â© 2001 infinity2,
    inc. form #1444 rev. 07/13/99









links:
• vitamin supplements : some of the dangers encountered when comparing vitamin
          supplements - plus the top 25 brands of vitamin supplements rated by a panel of qualified
          health professionals. 
• carb
          counter
          provides a searchable database of foods and their carbohydrate contents, including a
          complete nutritional breakdown.
• southbeach diet
          a straight forward guide to a sensible low carb diet.
• carbohydrate
          counter
          quick reference low carb database.
• aloe vera
          find out how to incorporate this amazing plant into your life and improve your health.
• macular
macular degeneration prevention and eye health resources at www.macular.com
• aches and pains
          pain relief resources.
• tendinitis (tendonitis) and
          bursitis symptoms, types, treatments and prevention
tendinitis / tendonitis and bursitis symptoms, types and treatment at
          www.tendinitis.com
• food poisoning symptoms, food safety, mad
          cow disease and food chain resources
          food poisoning, symptoms and treatments. food safety resources. articles relating to the
          food chain, health and epidemiology, mad cow disease and e.coli and salmonella germs, and
          other bacteria and viruses such as hepatitis, etc.
• nsaids non-steroidal
          anti-inflammatory drugs
          patient information on non steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (nsaids), medications which,
          as well as having pain-relieving (analgesic) effects, have the effect of reducing
          inflammation when used over a period of time. see www.nsaids.com
• stresses and stress relief
          learn how to reduce the effects of stress naturally at www.stresses.com
• www.sicknesses.com sickness
          and disease prevention
          sickness and disease prevention (including morning sickness) and natural resources at
          www.sicknesses.com
• www.preventivemedicine.com
          - preventive / alternative medicine wellness and health
          preventive / alternative medicine and wellness resources. search ratings of doctor and
          hospitals. find a doctor. search for answers to medical symptoms or any health or medical
          question. find nursing homes and hospitals at www.preventivemedicine.com
• sinus infection
          symptoms: headache, pressure and pain relief
          discover natural relief of sinus infection symptoms such as headache, pressure and pain at
          www.sinusinfection.com
health immunity | organic product | cord stem cells | www.antiangiogenesis.com |
            contacts | online contacts | heart problems
• online drugs / medications
          online, private prescription drug fulfillment and information. search for resources and
          subjects including london drugs, canadian pharmacies, adhd medications, viagra and other
          medicine.
• drugs list
          list of online drugs
• fatness obesity and weight
          loss: the south beach diet, atkins diet plan (adkins diet)
          your metabolic enzymes deplete with age causing obesity and fatness. supplement your
          depleted enzymes to achieve what the south beach diet, atkins diet plan (adkins diet) diet
          pills and other fast weight loss products can't do by themselves. see www.fatness.com
• fast fat weight loss:
          the south beach diet, atkins diet plan (adkins diet) supplemented with metabolic enzymes.
          your metabolic enzymes deplete with age. the enzyme diet supplements your depleted
          enzymes, achieving what the south beach diet, atkins diet plan (adkins diet) diet pills
          and other fast fat weight loss products can't. see: www.fat-weight-loss.com
• drugs rph
          online pharmacy
• list of search engines and
          health search
          list of search engines and health search. 
• pharmacy rph
          online pharmacy
• prescriptions rph
          online prescriptions
• search more of the
          web and health resources and list of search engines
          search more of the web. list of search engines and health search.
• health care & fitness
          jobs, work from home jobs, tech jobs
          job seeking for jobs can be challenging. here you will find new health care & fitness
          jobs, computer tech jobs, high paying jobs, tech jobs for kids, work from home jobs, etc.
 








