












action health incorporated - action health incorporated






































































































 

 

 

 

 

 
   +234 812 344 5837 
info@actionhealthinc.org 

































 
















home
about us

news & events 
annual report 
contact us 


programmes

girls voice initiative 


publications
teenzone

articles 
ask the expert 
express yourself! blog 
frequently asked questions 
growing up magazine 
sexuality school 


school feeding project

about 
programme updates 
publications 
contact us 


 
































 





















ahi calendar 2025






28th teenage festival of life





a summary of what happened at the 28th edition of the teenage festival of life (tfl). the theme of this edition of tfl was “mental health: adolescents and young people taking action.”



no longer left behind: empowering marginalised girls





there are over 5.5 million girls out of school in nigeria, and many of these girls reside in under-developed marginalized communities. this documentary highlights the challenges faced by marginalized adolescent girls in slum communities as well as the intervention carried out by action health incorporated to address these problems.



girls voices initiative (gvi lagos) overview





this video introduces rise up’s girls voices initiative as implemented by action health incorporated in lagos, engaging sixty girls in advocacy and leadership training and supporting them to conduct advocacy projects in their respective target communities.








new publications




download



download







download













keeping the promise film series




















girls are us



make every girl count



slipping through the crack








set in the iwaya community, an under-resourced neighbourhood in lagos, damilola, polinu and rebecca share their experiences about growing up in one of the city’s slums. life is an inescapable nightmare: the heroines offer a rare peep into their world marred by extreme poverty, grief, sexual violence, and exploitation, unintended and early pregnancy. a timely intervention by action health incorporated offers a ray of hope.






the education and well-being of girls is critical to nation building and development but is often not prioritized. critical stakeholders- the government, members of the community, and civil society interventionists examine the education policy and prevailing assumptions as they relate to the dilemma of out-of-school girls in nigeria’s poor and socially disadvantaged communities. they offer alternative viewpoints and suggestions for the way forward.






why are so many young girls of school age on the streets trading and not in the classrooms where they belong? a lively radio discussion tackles various angles to this problem. the city is listening: some turn off, while others turn up the sound on their radio sets, oblivious to the unfolding tragedy in nearby iwaya. a life lived on the blink leading to a preventable disaster. but in the ebb and flow, the pressures of the city, who really cares?






















2 days ago
“search for the seed of good in every adversity.” — og mandino

#mondaymotivation https://t.co/1jwsiznayl




subscribe to ahi’s newsletter





leave this field empty if you're human: 













news & events







humanitarian progress update: week of jan 27, 2025

february  2025february  2025 







youth skills development programme 2025 – apply now!
action health incorporated (ahi) is a non-governmental organization dedicated to promoting youth health and development. our office is located in...

october  2024november  2024 







opportunity: youth-friendly health services (yfhs) officer
action health incorporated (ahi) is recruiting a  youth-friendly health services (yfhs) officer for our lagos youth centre.

july  2024july  2024 







high-level delegation from office of the vice president visits yobe state women and girls dignity centre
on may 17, 2024 representatives from the office of the vice president made a high-level visit to the women and girls dignity center, damaturu, yobe state.

may  2024may  2024 







from northern nigeria to ahi leader: solomon ajala’s inspiring journey
mr. solomon ajala is not your typical ahi employee. his path to the organization was paved with unexpected turns and...

may  2024may  2024 







11th african conference on sexual health and rights announcement
we are excited to announce the 11th edition of the african conference on sexual health and rights (acshr) being held...

december  2023december  2023 







16th sexuality leadership development fellowship (sldf)
the international conference on population and development (icpd) programme of action (poa) outlines the principles, goals, objectives and strategic actions...

july  2023july  2023 







ruth egbedi: girl leader and ashoka young changemaker
from 2019 to 2022, action health incorporated (ahi) implemented the girls’ voices initiative (gvi), which brought 60 girls between the...

july  2023july  2023 







#standagainstfgm walk
join us and united nations population fund (unfpa) as we conduct an awareness walk from ashogbon market to bariga market in somolu...

june  2023june  2023 







young people and ergonomic hazards in the workplace
as part of our provision of youth-friendly services, action health incorporated has an established a partnership with the college of...

june  2023june  2023 







idrc humanitarian project disseminates findings and graduates 300 girls and young women
in february, ahi gathered government stakeholders, beneficiary community representatives, service providers, ingo and ngo partners, and project beneficiaries at the...

april  2023april  2023 







ahi commemorates international women’s day and international adolescent health week
on march 8, ahi commemorated international women’s day in the training hall at the ahi youth centre with 70 secondary...

april  2023april  2023 







girl-h multi-stakeholder partnership forum gathers programme collaborators
in march, ahi’s girl-h team convened the multi-stakeholder partnership forum to further explore public-private partnership opportunities within government ministries and...

april  2023april  2023 







ysdp 2023 commences with 6 new youth programme assistants
this year we have been joined by a fresh cohort of six young people serving as youth programme assistants in...

april  2023april  2023 







ahi publishes 2022 annual report
in 2022, driven by our belief in guaranteeing the health and rights of nigerian adolescents, and empowering them to assume...

april  2023april  2023 

























 










  




 

 

 

 

 

 
   action health incorporated © 2025 | all rights reserved







this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.accept read moreprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept






































