elk rapids bed and breakfast - traverse city b&b        
skip to content  231.938.5930book nowtoggle navigationhomeroomsamenitiestoggle navigationhomeroomsamenitiesweddingshistorycontacttoggle navigationweddingshistorycontact
homepage2024-04-15t12:09:56+00:00book nowstay. relax. enjoy.experience the serene charm of an elk rapids bed and breakfast nestled just north of traverse city, michigan, boasting stunning views of east grand traverse bay. delight in the hospitality of country hermitage as you uncover the beauty and tranquility of this idyllic getaway.gift certificates!a gift certificate from the country hermitage is the perfect gift this season.order nowrooms weddings amenities country hermitage bed & breakfast7710 us hwy 31 north
williamsburg, mi 49690if you’re looking for a traverse city b&b, look no further than country hermitage. explore our rich heritage that is perfect for hosting micro-weddings, family getaways and creating lasting memories.our queen-anne victorian style home is situated amongst the rolling hills of northern michigan’s largest organic tart cherry orchard and offers views of grand traverse bay in the distance.stayluxurious accommodations to make your stay relaxed and memorableroomsrelaxwith so many beaches & scenic drives, you may never want to leave this 1883 local landmarkour historyenjoyenjoy grand views from the porch and sunsets that seem to go on foreveramenitiesgalleryloading the next set of instagram posts...view morefollowwhat our guests thinkperfectloved the home and the wonderful porch to enjoy the great weather. misty and eric were wonderful host and hostess, answered many questions, helped us with places to go, and where to dine. the rooms were clean and comfy. eric’s breakfasts were amazing!!david h.slice of heavencountry hermitage is like a slice of heaven! you definitely will not be disappointed. misty and eric go above and beyond to make sure your stay is everything and more than you expected. this was our second stay and we will definitely return.mary annhard to beateric and misty, who run the place, keep it immaculate. they are friendly and funny and eric makes the best breakfast i’ve ever had at a b&b. i highly recommend visiting if you’re in northern michigan and want to be within minutes of the lake, the resort and downtown er or tc.mariano a.don’t wait for your next get-a-waybook our beautiful setting with uninterrupted views of the northern michigan countryside – uniquely grand traverse!reserve nowcountry hermitage
7710 us-31,
williamsburg, mi 49690
231.938.5930socialreviews
page load link                                      

go to top
