







hallmark auto body | collision and auto body repair | calgary, ab





















































              home
            



                about
              



                services
              



                hallmark cares
              



                faq's
              



                contact
              















              home
            



                about
              



                services
              



                hallmark cares
              



                faq's
              



                contact
              


















  





hallmark auto bodya collision repair center with old school business ethics and excellent workmanship- est. 1967 - hallmark auto body has proudly served calgary automobile owners since 1967. we are a family owned and operated business that prides itself in making customer satisfaction and safety our number one priority. our dedicated, highly skilled staff and the attention to detail and honesty has enabled our company to maintain this longevity.it is important for our new and repeat customers to understand that "you have the legal right in alberta to select the repair center of your choice for your repair".











 









 

aluminum & hi-strength alloy repair specialistshallmark auto body has the most current aluminum and hi-strength alloy repair equipment that is required to work on today's newest domestic and import vehicles.  manufacturers are now using a wide range of aluminum, hi-strength alloys, and carbon fibre in producing vehicles, and hallmark prides itself in continually investing in equipment and training to keep ahead of repair procedure requirements.

































hallmark auto body employs fully trained and certified technicians for the repair and refinishing of all vehicles brought to our repair facility. our collision repair technicians are fully trained and certified and are continuously upgrading their skill levels.




    book an appointment today
  



expert q&a: choosing an auto repair shop | marc and mandy show



what our customers are saying




“i have used hallmark auto body at least 5 times over the years and the work has been absolutely amazing the staff have went out of their way to help me and i couldn’t be happier with my experience there. i highly recommend this shop.”

— danny c.




“great job, thanks for your friendly service. very efficient process and everything is well explained. they even detailed the inside of my jeep. thanks hallmark!”

— mario b.




“my car was repaired here when it was recovered after a theft. the customer service was impeccable. rob kept in constant touch keeping me up to date with the progress of the repairs. the repairs were seamless and the work was completed faster than anticipated. hopefully i don’t ever need their services again but they honestly made what started out as a horrendous experience (getting my car stolen) into one where i felt taken care of and in control. thanks, rob! and thank you hallmark auto body!”

— nobukhosi m.




“franco and his staff are awesome! very friendly. and they take tremendous pride in their work.”

— dan k




“these guys are the best as always!  truck is like new again!  never failed me in the 30 years i’ve been going there :)”

— shawn p.









 










































back to top
hallmark auto body, 1440 9 avenue southeast, calgary, ab, t2g 0t5, canada403-264-4580info@hallmarkautobody.com


1440 9th avenue se calgary ab  t2g 0t5 | 403-264-4580 | e-mail



calgary auto body shop













powered by: pure auto








