 








welcome to the seal conservation society!


























 







 








 





 




home






news






seal information

 






back




species information

 






back




index of all seals






true seals

 






back




southern elephant seal






baikal seal






bearded seal






caribbean monk seal






caspian seal






crabeater seal






grey seal






harbour seal






harp seal






hawaiian monk seal






hooded seal






leopard seal






mediterranean monk seal






northern elephant seal






ribbon seal






ringed seal






ross seal






spotted seal






weddell seal












sea lions / fur seals

 






back




antarctic fur seal






guadalupe fur seal






juan fernandez fur seal






northern fur seal






south african fur seal






subantarctic fur seal






australian sea lion






californian sea lion






new zealand sea lion






south american seal lion






steller sea lion






new zealand fur seal












walrus












rehabilitation and captivity

 






back




seal pup rehabilitation






pinnipeds in captivity






rehab centres worldwide






orphan pup rehab workshop dunedin dec 2013












links






human interaction












seal research

 






back




projects

 






back




small projects






pup development project






site inventory project






site monitoring project






causes of pup stranding






welfare in captivity


















about the society

 






back




about scs






сontact us












get involved!

 






back




donate

















 








welcome to the seal conservation society website!
we hope the new site will be able to combine information on seals, sea lions, fur seals and walruses worldwide with projects that will help to promote scientific knowledge, understanding, conservation and welfare of these wonderful animals.
our society's founder, peter haddow, constructed the species information pages more than 15 years ago. the pages have stood the test of time excellently, but we are now gradually updating the pages one species at a time and inserting references for the benefit of biologists and students. peter also ran an excellent 'pinniped news' newsletter. we can't quite manage that now, but as a substitute we are endeavouring to provide links, in our 'news' section, to published news items as they occur.
our project section is an area where many people, including amateurs and students, may be able to get involved. the society has no funds at present, and projects are being run on a voluntary basis. however, we may be able to apply for small grants to fund local projects to benefit seal conservation and/or welfare. our most active welfare project at the moment involves comparing seal pups in rehabilitation and seals in captivity with free-living seals, and there is therefore scope for volunteers around the world to participate. we may also be able to provide an e-centre for information on seal sites (such as seal site inventory or index site projects). if anyone has an idea for a new project, or woud like to participate in an ongoing project, they should contact the society. if funds are donated to the society, these may be used to help fund these projects.
the seal conservation society is uk/ireland-based and so much of our own specialisation is on harbour (common) and grey seals, and much of our own personal focus is on seal conservation and welfare in the uk and ireland. the society chairperson (dr sue wilson) has spent much time and energy over the past few years in working, together with other ngos, to get seal conservation law improved in scotland. the new seal conservation law in scotland is not being implemented as we had hoped and worked for, and much more work and negotiation remains to be done.
having said all this, we should clarify that we are not a campaigning society - there are other ngos who already perform this function, and our aim would be to lend support where appropriate. however, our main focus is on conservation biology and welfare, through which we aim to try to promote knowledge and encourage local changes that may, one small step at a time, add up to making the world a better and safer place for seals.
 
 











 

 
    ©
            seal conservation society
        2000 -     2025
    



 


            back to top             











