







pribramsky & co.

























































                home
              



              services
            



              staff
            



              online payments
            



                contact us
              















                home
              



              services
            



              staff
            



              online payments
            



                contact us
              














every file we work on carries a sense of urgency you are not just a number to uscall today: (305) 294-8137



 

cpas that provide timely communication, outstanding follow up and follow through.  

  

accounting services

 

accounting













individual, business and condo association bookkeeping and bill paying.  payroll and sales tax processing.  financial statement preparation. quickbooks set up and consulting.

 

income tax preparation

 











individual, partnership, corporate, estate and gift tax return preparation.  irs audit representation and resolution of ongoing tax issues. 

 

management advisory services













we guide and advise clients through a wide range of processes related to business planning, operational evaluations and assessments, and major decision making

 

homeowner & condo associations and support for property managers













we provide accounting services for homeowners and condominium associations as well as back office accounting support to property management companies. while there are many important steps in financially managing an association, our firm is able to balance them efficiently to ensure cohesive administration of policy, account reconciliation, and data analysis. our services support low, mid-rise and high-rise condominiums; homeowner, sub and master associations and timeshares.

 

attestation services



forensic accounting













compilations, reviews, privately-held company audits, financial fraud investigation, forensic audits for divorce and business separation.  business valuation services for business sales or purchases, estate planning and business separations or divorce. 













a forensic accountant is a specialized type of accountant who combines accounting, auditing, and investigative skills to examine financial records, transactions, and related data for legal purposes.

 
























































back to top
pribramsky & co., 1010 kennedy drive, key west, fl, 33040, united states(305) 294-8137info@pribramskycpa.com


offices located in: north palm beach and the florida keysaccounting services across florida: miami-dade county, broward county, palm beach county, monroe county



privacy policy | leave a review









