








home | cognitive science program
























































































skip to navigation
skip to uconn search
skip to content

our websites may use cookies to personalize and enhance your experience. by continuing without changing your cookie settings, you agree to this collection. for more information, please see our university websites privacy notice.








uconn


university of connecticut school of 

                                university of connecticut                            





search university of connecticut

search uconn







a to z index

uconn a to z index







site a-z




uconn a-z
















college of liberal arts and sciencescognitive science program 


search this sitesearch in https://cogsci.uconn.edu/>search 












 toggle navigation    
cognitive science program


homehomeabout us

about us program history

people

cognitive science program steering committee faculty affiliates

undergraduate program

major & minor cogs undergraduate courses advising get involved

get involved undergraduate research undergraduate internships

 careers resources

resources major/minor faqs cognitive science travel award program cognitive science fellowship to support summer internships



graduate certificate

graduate certificate program certificate faqs

colloquiaspotlightannouncements

news job opportunities

diversity statementcontact us


search this sitesearch in https://cogsci.uconn.edu/>search 



















about the cognitive science programthe cognitive science program’s mission is to provide interdisciplinary, high-quality training to undergraduate and graduate students in the science of the human mind that prepares students to tackle global and multicultural challenges​.
cognitive science is the study of how intelligent beings (including people, animals, and machines) perceive, act, know, and think.
it explores the process and content of thought as observed in individuals, distributed through communities, manifested in the structure and meaning of language, modeled by algorithms, and contemplated by philosophies of mind.
its models are formulated using concepts drawn from many disciplines, including psychology, linguistics, logic, computer science, anthropology, and philosophy, and they are tested using evidence from psychological experiments, clinical studies, field studies, computer simulations, and neurophysiological observation.
recent posts  langfest 2025 – save the date! cogs colloquia on 3/7: dr. brian boyd cognitive science travel award application open! duolingo is hiring a language researcher! reminder: ibacs undergraduate research supply awardsupcoming events 

feb
22
 kinds of cognition graduate conference 9:00am






×


 kinds of cognition graduate conference 




                                                        saturday, february 22nd, 2025                                                    

                                                        09:00 am - 04:00 pm                                                    









   programme (in est)  09:00 - 09:10 welcome and introduction  09:10 - 10:15 keynote: elisabeth pacherie (institut jean nicod; institute for the study of cognition at ecole normale supérieure, paris)  “motoric representational format”  10:20 - 10:50 james d. grayot (university of porto)  “representation hunger: reformulating the ‘problem-domain’ of truly complex cognition”  10:55 - 11:25 iwan williams (monash university)  ” proto-asserters?: the case of chatbot speech meets the case of toddler speech “  11:30 - 12:05 frederik t. junker (university of copenhagen)  “from daydreams to decisions”  12:10 - 12:40 georgina brighouse (university of liverpool)  “rethinking aphantasia: a genuine lack of capacity but not a disorder or disability  12:40 - 1:20 lunch  1:20 - 1:50 mica rapstine (university of michigan)  “moral epiphany and insight in problem solving”  1:55 - 2:25 joachim nicolodi (university of cambridge)  “consciousness in the creative process and the problem for ai”  2:30 - 3:00 mona fazeli (university of california, los angeles)  “does metareasoning contribute to epistemic rationality?”  3:05 - 3:35 juan murillo vargas (massachusetts institute of technology)  “how language-like is the language of thought?”  3:40 - 4:35 keynote: cameron buckner (university of florida)  “large language models as models of human reasoning” 


contact information:    utku.sonsayar@uconn.edu 

more








feb
26
 uchi fellow’s talk: césar abadia-barrero on sugary industries and the body 3:30pm






×


 uchi fellow’s talk: césar abadia-barrero on sugary industries and the body 




                                                        wednesday, february 26th, 2025                                                    

                                                        03:30 pm - 04:45 pm                                                    


                                                         homer babbidge library                                                     


 



   in 400+ years of history (from early xvii to early xxi centuries) sugar went from being used primarily by the european royalty and their criminal imperial associates to being consumed in large amounts by all inhabitants of the planet. in this talk, i draw from sidney mintz’s classic sweetness and power to briefly present the history of sugar. then, i update this history by presenting the incredible growth and profits of the sugary drinks and ultra-processed food industries. by asking what has happened to our human biology as we have replaced real food with more free sugars and processed substances, i develop connections with several diseases, primarily diabetes and obesity that have reached pandemic proportions. i present how the efforts to curb down consumption and enforce regulations have been met with strategies to co-opt and influence policy makers, aggressively market their products to vulnerable populations, and fund and promote biased research. by naming some of the capitalists of the largest transnational “food” industries and their enormous wealth and profit rates, and by connecting their business success with the progressive destruction of our biology, this first chapter of a larger book project intends to test if we can present a material history of our deteriorating human biology for broad audiences; a material history that argues that to understand human biology we need to understand the history of capitalism.   césar abadía-barrero is a colombian activist/scholar and associate professor of anthropology and human rights at the university of connecticut. his research approach is grounded in activist, collaborative, and participatory action research frameworks and integrates critical perspectives to study interconnections among capitalism, human rights, and communities of care. he has been a member of or collaborated with collectives and social movements in brazil, colombia, cameroon, spain and the united states examining how for-profit interests transform access, continuity, and quality of health care, and how communities resist forms of oppression and create and maintain alternative ways of living and caring. 


contact information:    uchi@uconn.edu 

more








feb
28
 logic colloquium: tyler knowlton (u delaware) 2:00pm






×


 logic colloquium: tyler knowlton (u delaware) 




                                                        friday, february 28th, 2025                                                    

                                                        02:00 pm - 03:30 pm                                                    


                                                         t.b.a.                                                     


 



   join us in the logic colloquium for a talk by tyler knowlton (linguistics & cognitive science, u delaware).  details t.b.a.https://logic.uconn.edu/calendar/ 


contact information:  logic@uconn.edu 

more








mar
1
 el instituto’s graduate research forum 9:45am






×


 el instituto’s graduate research forum 




                                                        saturday, march 1st, 2025                                                    

                                                        09:45 am - 02:15 pm                                                    


                                                         ryan building                                                     


 



 “elin’s graduate research forum: interdisciplinary perspectives from latina/o, caribbean, and latin american studies”  saturday, march 1, 2025  9:45am-2:15pm  ryan building, room 204join el instituto’s graduate research forum, where graduate students will share and defend their research! this research forum showcases new interdisciplinary collaboration and academic exchange across multiple departments: valuable feedback and networking opportunities with peers and faculty.schedule overview:3 sessions with presentations along with q&abreaks in between sessionslunch provided to conclude eventplease enter through el instituto’s main entrance on the side of the building passing the (inchip) institute for collaboration on health, intervention, and policy. you can find information for directions in el instituto’s website.there is limited space, rsvp today!  


contact information:    gradelinstituto@gmail.com or elinstituto@uconn.edu 

more






join our listserv!
 


 











 contact us
join our listserv
 some content on this website may require the use of a plug-in, such as adobe acrobat viewer or microsoft word.  if a different plug-in is required, it will be noted.
  

 



							© university of connecticut


disclaimers, privacy & copyright


accessibility


webmaster login

a-z index































