uk information - a guide and directory with tourist information



uk informationtourism and leisure information with resources and directorymenusearch
xentertainments search:which:films in cinemasevents and theatreattractions & places of interestevent venues and theatreswhat:where:

xuk informationattractionscinemaseventsholiday cottages and self cateringholidays in ukhotels + b&bstheatrestravel and transporttowns/cities  information






towns/cities information
we have information on over 2000 cities, towns and villages across britain.
to access information about any uk city either enter the name in the search box below or click on the first letter of its name.

 
abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwy
comprehensive information
whatever you want to know about uk; shops, businesses, hotels, pubs, restaurants, clubs, cinemas, theatres, etc. our directory, classified system and events guide will help you to find out what's on and where to find things locally in any city.
entertainment and leisure
you can use ourcinema listing,theatres listings andwhat's on guide to plan your day or evening out.
accommodation
if you are looking for accommodation we have:

bed & breakfasts and
hotels search and booking plus
uk holiday cottages and self catering holiday accommodation as well as directories for
camping,
holiday camps and
caravan parks.
visiting and local services
if you are looking for tourist information or information on how to get around we have details of travel & transport (see below) and a large list of attractions and places of interest.
directory
our uk directory contains lists of sites that have been submitted by the owners or managers. due to the expense of keeping a full directory, we only list certain popular categories. if you are looking for a business, you should try yellow pages search or bt residential search for personal telephone numbers. please note that we can not provide personal information about uk residents, so please don't e-mail us regarding long lost friends or relatives who live in britain. if you are interested in information related to your family history please use our directory of uk genealogy sites to find a suitable site.
travel & transport
for anyone that wants to get away, we have put together a list of the best uk travel and transport sites including

uk holidays,
coach travel,
train times and ticket bookings,
taxis,
camping,
caravanning,
holiday camps,
cycling holidays,
airports,
airport parking,
ferry services and cruises,
car hire and
a list of guide books & maps to help you find where you are going.





other links

uk maps
link to us
link exchange
site map
car finance
car insurance
uk florists



follow us on social media ... 
about usterms and conditionsprivacy statementuk articlesresourcescont@ct uspage updated: 24th september 2024
© 2000-2024 www.britinfo.net  all rights reserved.


