







home - johnrogerson.com


































































































































 





 










skip to content






search this website








homeabout johnonline coursesgallerynews/articlescontactregisterlogin


0



 







0



menu
close



















home
about john
online courses
gallery
news/articles
contact
register
login


0



 














 











teaching the simple way to train and communicate with dogs







home



















teaching the simple way to train and communicate with dogs 



john is the founder and principal lecturer of the northern centre for canine behaviour is now widely acclaimed as a world leading dog trainer and behaviourist, having pioneered the majority of techniques that have now become standard practice in behaviour therapy and training worldwide. 






see more















john rogerson - world renowned dog behaviourist and trainer 











while john has semi-retired from the animal behaviour world, this site will be used as a library of content to educate and train the next generation of dog lovers. online course modules are available for free to those who register (also free!).in the coming days more modules and content will be added. stay tuned. 






online courses
























“humans are losing their ways to communicate with dogs as the modern dog training is growing into huge market” 











why not try our free dog behaviour questionnaire? 






questionnaire































connect with john 















john no longer offers free or paid individual dog behaviour advice. any such messages will be ignored. 






















 




							email						














 




							message						





































				© copyright camber house ltd 
















we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. read morecookie settingsacceptmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescription__cfduid1 monththe cookie is used by cdn services like cloudfare to identify individual clients behind a shared ip address and apply security settings on a per-client basis. it does not correspond to any user id in the web application and does not store any personally identifiable information.__stripe_mid1 yearthis cookie is set by stripe payment gateway. this cookie is used to enable payment on the website without storing any patment information on a server.__stripe_sid30 minutesthis cookie is set by stripe payment gateway. this cookie is used to enable payment on the website without storing any patment information on a server.cookielawinfo-checbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement1 yearthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "advertisement".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
cookiedurationdescriptionmailchimp_landing_site1 monththe cookie is set by the email marketing service mailchimp. 






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
cookiedurationdescriptionyscsessionthis cookies is set by youtube and is used to track the views of embedded videos. 






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
cookiedurationdescription__gads1 year 24 daysthis cookie is set by google and stored under the name dounleclick.com. this cookie is used to track how many times users see a particular advert which helps in measuring the success of the campaign and calculate the revenue generated by the campaign. these cookies can only be read from the domain that it is set on so it will not track any data while browsing through another sites._ga2 yearsthis cookie is installed by google analytics. the cookie is used to calculate visitor, session, campaign data and keep track of site usage for the site's analytics report. the cookies store information anonymously and assign a randomly generated number to identify unique visitors._gid1 daythis cookie is installed by google analytics. the cookie is used to store information of how visitors use a website and helps in creating an analytics report of how the website is doing. the data collected including the number visitors, the source where they have come from, and the pages visted in an anonymous form.tk_lr1 yearthis cookie is set by jetpack plugin on sites using woocommerce. this is a referral cookie used for analyzing referrer behavior for jetpacktk_or5 yearsthis cookie is set by jetpack plugin on sites using woocommerce. this is a referral cookie used for analyzing referrer behavior for jetpacktk_r3d3 daysthe cookie is installed by jetpack. used for the internal metrics fo user activities to improve user experience 






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
cookiedurationdescriptioncmid1 yearthe cookie is set by casalemedia. the cookie is used to collect information about the usage behavior for targeted advertising.cmpro3 monthsthis cookie is set by casalemedia and is used for targeted advertisement purposes.cmps3 monthsthis cookie is set by casalemedia and is used for targeted advertisement purposes.cmrum31 yearthis cookie is set by casalemedia and is used for targeted advertisement purposes.cmst1 daythe cookie is set by casalemedia. the cookie is used to collect information about the usage behavior for targeted advertising.dsid1 hourthis cookie is setup by doubleclick.net. this cookie is used by google to make advertising more engaging to users and are stored under doubleclick.net. it contains an encrypted unique id.ide1 year 24 daysused by google doubleclick and stores information about how the user uses the website and any other advertisement before visiting the website. this is used to present users with ads that are relevant to them according to the user profile.nid6 monthsthis cookie is used to a profile based on user's interest and display personalized ads to the users.test_cookie15 minutesthis cookie is set by doubleclick.net. the purpose of the cookie is to determine if the user's browser supports cookies.uuid23 monthsthis cookies is set by appnexus. the cookies stores information that helps in distinguishing between devices and browsers. this information us used to select advertisements served by the platform and assess the performance of the advertisement and attribute payment for those advertisements.visitor_info1_live5 months 27 daysthis cookie is set by youtube. used to track the information of the embedded youtube videos on a website. 






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
cookiedurationdescription_gat_gtag_ua_90460908_11 minuteno descriptionanj3 monthsno descriptionconsent16 years 9 months 5 days 10 hours 4 minutesno descriptioncookies.jssessionno descriptionm2 yearsno description 












save & accept


powered by 










  








loading…


















×






×basket 



















































































