






fisichellis pastry shop inc.































































 

 









gift cards...the perfect gift for anyone at anytime! click here





skip to content




 my account
|

 view cart ($0.00)
							

gift certificates available!






 


fisichellis pastry shop inc.
rum cakes and italian pastry






primary menu
 × 
home
history
our menu

cannolis
cookies
macaroons
pastries


buy cookies
weddings
contact / location
 
















“...where the calories are in the crumbs!”












welcome
our family has been providing quality, hand-made pastries since 1915. we offer over 30 varieties of cookies. vanilla and chocolate pastaciottis, cannolis and cakes for all occasions. and don’t forget fisichelli’s famous soft biscottis!
visit our shop in lawrence, ma or conveniently purchase our delicious treats online!






              cakes & pastries            
for all occasions






            cannolis          
the best around!






          cookies        
buy online








3 generations of quality pastries!
learn about orazio fisichelli who, in 1915, established fisichelli’s bakery. we are proud to continue his legacy today!
read more






reviews




fisichelli's has the best italian pastry i've ever had.  the cannoli are superb and stuffed to order, and all the cookies are delicious. fisichelli's is also one of the friendliest places you'll ever shop.  they will often give you free cookies to try.  i also feel good about supporting a 100-year old business still run by the same family.  this bakery is a little gem--it's worth a detour if you're in the lawrence area or even just driving by lawrence on rt. 495.


fred m.
bedford, ma




this place has legit italian deserts and pastries. i've been to both of there competitors. i have to say the customer service here is far better then both. as for the deserts themselves the huge lobster tail and the macaron brownies are worth the drive. the cake i got was a huge hit with ppl thinking they died and went to heaven.  strong recommendation to try this place.


scott m.
wakefield, ma











follow us on facebook!

this message is only visible to admins.
		problem displaying facebook posts. backup cache in use.					click to show error



error: error validating access token: the session has been invalidated because the user changed their password or facebook has changed the session for security reasons.													type: oauthexception																												
			





our offeringscannolis
cookies
macaroons
pastries



store hours
sun - mon: closed
tues: 8:30am - 3pm
wed – sat: 8:30am – 5pm


 
location
55 union street
lawrence, ma 01841
978-682-7774
 






				copyright 2017 fisichelli’s pastry shop, inc. all rights reserved.

website developed by siphon marketing. 
















































