


forever friends main





 








sign in
sign-up




 




 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close





 
 forever friends main-hand painted animals on arizona river rock and flagstone dogs cats kittens puppies horses birds parrots dolphins unique gifts custom orders welcome to forever friendsoriginal artwork by april and melanie



 
 

 


forever friends main
dogs
cats
wildlife
flagstone
more flagstone and canvas
commissioned work
doing our part
contact us
links
mom's oil paintings
prices

 




beautiful hand-painted animals on arizona river rock and flagstone.
here you'll find one-of-a-kind gifts for the animal lover in all of us. poodles to parrots, kittens to wildcats, st. bernards to shih tzus, we specialize in all animals big and small.


do you have a favorite breed of dog or cat you don't see here?
just send us a request and we'll make it for you.it's that easy!
about our products
all of our stones are hand done in acrylic paint and double coated with a clear weather-proof sealer allowing them to be displayed inside or out.  note: if displaying outside it is recommended that you re-seal your stone once or twice a year with a clear acrylic spray sold at any arts & crafts or hardware store.


have an animal loved one you'd like to immortalize?
let us bring out the personality of your four legged friend on a hand-painted stone. all we need is a photo of your pet and any special instructions for your artwork.check out our photos page to see some of our recent special orders or click below to send us a request of your own. note: our special orders are 100% guaranteed. when we're done with your order we'll send you a picture. if you don't like it, you don't buy it. no questions asked.
questions or requests
our gratitude
a heartfelt thank-you goes out to lin wellford for her amazing talent and generous heart. thank-you lin for giving us a way to stay home and watch our children grow. *don't forget to sign our guestbook at the bottom of our contact page.*this is great website for webmasters. (people who make websites.) you get access to all kind of cool tools that are super easy to use. all you do is copy and paste. click the above link to sign up and become a member. it's all free!!!


this site is a member of webring.
to browse visit 
here.
forever friends hand-painted animals on arizona river rock



my kitties
our stones can be displayed anywhere in and around your home.
order these cats



 




 
 


 












