

free web hosting services -- 50megs.com















      reliable, free web hosting
      

1-800-396-1999
member login 
      




   
  home | 
  compare packages | 
  about us |
  sign up
contact us



















 free*  




              as low as $0.00 /mo.
              
              
              want a website but don't want to pay for hosting? then this is the right hosting package for you.
              

ads on your site
50 mb disk space

               *with purchase of a domain, prices start at $17.95 
            





learn more | compare packages









 starter hosting 




              as low as $5.95 /mo.
              
              
              perfect for sharing photos, having a family website or promoting your business.
              

no ads on your site
1 gb disk space
ftp for fast, easy file upload







learn more | compare packages









 personal hosting 




              as low as $9.95 /mo.
              
              
              best hosting value with space to grow. provides the most functionality and flexibility for your needs.
              

no ads on your site
5 gb disk space
cgi access: perl, php, mysql, ftp
wordpress 2 blog







learn more | compare packages









free web hosting from 50megs.com
free web hosting is a service that stores your website and delivers its web pages to the internet for free. any website you've ever seen, from the smallest stamp-collecting hobby website to microsoft's official corporate website with thousands of web pages, uses web hosting to make those web pages available to internet users.
50megs.com is one of the best free web hosting providers around, having hosted millions of sites since 1995. 50megs.com gives you space on its servers for your website so that any computer in the world can access your website through a network or modem. and the best part about it is that web hosting from 50megs.com is free!
because the free web hosting service is ad-supported, you get superior web hosting of a website of up 12 mb absolutely for free. start your own website to keep in touch with friends and family, follow your favorite sports team, or just share your thoughts with the world.
use one of the easy templates to create your very own website - no html needed. or use the site copier service to copy your existing website to 50megs.com. you can even transfer files with free web hosting, to make information exchange that much easier.
if you need more disk space for your website or would like to start a business website, 50megs.com can help you there, too, with one of its paid web hosting options.
whatever your web hosting needs, 50megs.com has a hosting package that's right for you. so get your free website up today!










about uol web services 
      | about united online 
      | acceptable use guidelines
      | privacy statement

      
			| terms of service
			| billing policy
      
    
      
      

    
      | sitemap
      | contact us





 united online
 netzero

 juno

 mysite


50megs is a united online company
copyright © 2025 united online web services, inc. all rights reserved.









