



 






















university of southern california























































skip to content

































open site navigation / menu






search












      we are usc
      





back to main menu





      the university
      





back to the university



the university
usc is a constellation of schools, centers and institutes where some of the brightest minds are leading the way to the future of education.


leadership


faculty


values


facts and stats


traditions


our history








      we are southern california
      





back to we are southern california



we are southern california
usc, l.a. and california's southland are inextricably linked. our passion as a great private research university serves the public good across the city and throughout socal — advancing society and improving lives.


our communities






we are trojans


we are connectors


we are advancing health




      we are global
      





back to we are global



we are global
magnify your worldview and craft solutions to today's most complex global problems. usc is your launchpad to gain international perspective and grow global networks — both essential for modern careers.


global engagement


global presence


educating global leaders












      academics
      





back to main menu





      schools & academic units
      





back to schools & academic units



letters, arts and sciences


accounting


advanced computing


architecture


art and design


arts, technology, business of innovation


business


cinematic arts


communication and journalism


dance


dentistry


dramatic arts


education


engineering


gerontology


law


medicine


music


occupational therapy


pharmacy


physical therapy


professional studies


public policy


social work








      explore our programs
      





back to explore our programs



explore our programs
discover the academic programs at usc that match your passion and interests. with 23 schools and academic divisions, we offer a range of undergraduate, graduate and professional majors.


majors & minors


graduate & professional


postdoctoral programs


pre-college programs








      undergraduate study
      





back to undergraduate study



undergraduate study
at usc, one of the best colleges in the u.s., you'll work with leading experts and supportive faculty to build your path to success. tap into usc's dynamic, global community as you embark on your world-class undergraduate study.


your first-year experience


interdisciplinary freedom


global experiences


advising & support






graduate & professional study


usc international academy


usc online


high school summer programs


libraries


academic calendar


schedule of classes








      life at usc
      





back to main menu



living in l.a.




      campus life
      





back to campus life



campus life
usc offers an endless variety of activities and events for students to get involved in. from student-run clubs and organizations to exclusive film screenings and outdoor yoga, there is something for everyone on campus.


housing & dining


student organizations and clubs


community service


usc village


campus safety






health and well-being








      research & creativity
      





back to main menu





      research & innovation
      





back to research & innovation



research & innovation
usc engages in forward-looking, collaborative research with industries around the world to find unprecedented and much-needed solutions for some of the most complex issues facing humanity today.


student research


faculty research


research resources


innovation






office of research & innovation


creative expression




      our impact
      





back to our impact



our impact
at usc, we are defining conversations, influencing policy and creating a healthier and more sustainable future for all. our students, faculty and alumni are making an impact in los angeles and around the world.


inventing solutions


exploring medical frontiers


creating new knowledge












      admission & aid
      





back to main menu



undergraduate admission


undergraduate orientation


graduate admission


graduate orientation


financial aid


visit usc














usc athletics


usc patient care





















myusc


news


events


visit


apply


giving











employees


students


faculty


alumni


families


directories











what are you looking for?





search:







    search

      





          suggested searches
      




majors & minors

































hail to the chiefs


for future, current and former presidents, the road to and from the white house often leads through trojan territory. in honor of presidents day, take a look at our slideshow of presidential visits to usc.


photo gallery in usc news











top headlines


visit usc news










health



popular weight loss, diabetes drug shows promise in reducing cravings for alcohol



usc-led trial confirms side effect: semaglutide, better known as ozempic and wegovy, could also help people cut down on their alcohol intake.


feb 12, 2025











science/technology



maja matarić elected to the national academy of engineers



the usc viterbi professor is recognized for “contributions to human-robot interaction and socially assistive robotics.”


feb 13, 2025











athletics



the entrepreneurial side of basketball star kiki iriafen 



before the trojan forward heads to the wnba, she is back in her hometown to get her master’s degree at usc marshall.


feb 12, 2025











university



usc announces presidential search committee, interim leadership



the committee will include faculty, staff, students and alumni. general counsel beong-soo kim will lead the university on an interim basis beginning july 1.


feb 5, 2025


















a new dean for usc price



sustainability leader chris boone was installed on monday as dean of the usc price school of public policy. boone comes to usc after 18 years at arizona state, where he filled a variety of leadership roles, including serving as dean of the school of sustainability and founding dean of the college of global futures.



story and photos in usc news













university updates



useful links to important information.






emergency information
updates and current status.




trojan family relief fund
how students and employees impacted by l.a.-area wildfires can apply for relief grants.


















a new age of medical discovery


usc’s health sciences “moonshot” looks to the future with innovation and impact. learn all about the initiative, from programs that serve the community to research into aging, “living medicine” and more.


learn more in usc trojan family magazine





redefining care, transforming lives


charting the future of health care at usc




pioneering brain science


brilliant minds, healthy brains




research for a longer, healthier life


turn back the clock on aging










meet the professor working to improve california’s fire insurance industry


usc dornsife’s monalisa chatterjee has spent her career studying how humans adapt to extreme climate events.



learn more


















inside look: usc health sciences schools







select option to display slide

keck school of medicine of usc
herman ostrow school of dentistry of usc
usc alfred e. mann school of pharmacy and pharmaceutical sciences
usc chan division of occupational science and occupational therapy
usc division of biokinesiology and physical therapy
usc leonard davis school of gerontology
usc suzanne dworak-peck school of social work













                  keck school of medicine of usc
                

at the keck school of medicine of usc, we are dedicated to improving quality of life for individuals and society by promoting health, preventing and curing disease, advancing biomedical research and educating tomorrow’s physicians and scientists.




learn more: keck school of medicine of usc











                  herman ostrow school of dentistry of usc
                

the mission of the herman ostrow school of dentistry of usc is to provide education, scholarship and outreach that improves oral, dental, craniofacial and general systemic health and well-being locally, nationally and internationally.




learn more: herman ostrow school of dentistry of usc











                  usc alfred e. mann school of pharmacy and pharmaceutical sciences
                

one of the top pharmacy schools nationwide, usc mann continues its centurylong reputation for innovative programming, practice and collaboration.




learn more: usc alfred e. mann school of pharmacy and pharmaceutical sciences











                  usc chan division of occupational science and occupational therapy
                

through innovative research, education and clinical practice, the usc mrs. t.h. chan division of occupational science and occupational therapy optimizes people’s engagement in the ordinary and extraordinary activities of life.




learn more: usc chan division of occupational science and occupational therapy











                  usc division of biokinesiology and physical therapy
                

the usc division of biokinesiology and physical therapy is committed to transforming how we prepare the next generation of physical therapists to deliver the highest level of care to society. with our longstanding leadership in the field, we are uniquely positioned to develop innovative solutions that integrate our strengths in research, education and clinical service. by leveraging these assets, we can create new value for students, patients and people everywhere.




learn more: usc division of biokinesiology and physical therapy











                  usc leonard davis school of gerontology
                

the mission of the usc leonard davis school of gerontology is to promote healthy aging for diverse individuals, communities and societies through leadership and innovation in research, education and practice.




learn more: usc leonard davis school of gerontology











                  usc suzanne dworak-peck school of social work
                

the usc suzanne dworak-peck school of social work champions social justice for the well-being of individuals, families and communities through innovative teaching of evidence-based practice and practice-based skills, pioneering transformative research and cultivating leadership for social change.
 




learn more: usc suzanne dworak-peck school of social work



























































introducing usc arts now


the new initiative will spark innovative arts collaborations and support usc president carol folt’s “moonshot” goals for the university through an artistic lens.



usc launches new presidential arts initiative


visit the usc arts now website

















around the university












#officialtrojan



                        
                          new student convocation

                                                  





president carol folt invites you to the new student convocation, a celebration welcoming all incoming students on behalf of the usc community. share your welcome experience and show your trojan spirit on social media with #officialtrojan and/or #welcometrojans.
the spring convocation will be held at bovard auditorium. there will be a reception immediately following the ceremony with pizza and drinks provided.
tuesday, february 18, 4 p.m.
 
















empowering communities



                        
                          usc black history month block party

                                                  



join us for a celebration of black history month at the usc health sciences campus!
this farmer’s market-style event will feature local black-owned businesses and community organizations, featuring exciting performances by historically black organizations. all are welcome to enjoy an afternoon filled with culture, community and connection.
the event will be held at pappas quad (health sciences campus).
thursday, feb. 27, 3 p.m. to 6:30 p.m.















honoring labor, legacy & the joy of excellence



                        
                          usc black history month family reunion

                                                  



please join your fellow faculty, staff, students, and members of the usc community at the sc family reunion for the university’s closing celebration of black history month.
the event will feature live performances, refreshments, local vendors, and captivating programming focusing on the theme “black brilliance: honoring labor, legacy, and the joy of excellence.”
the event will be held at founders park (university park campus).
tuesday, feb. 25, 2:30 p.m. to 5 p.m.
 








usc calendar of events

















thinking about usc?




explore our programs


visit usc































university park campus (map)

213-740-2311



health sciences campus (map)

323-442-2000



tommy cam




hecuba cam



















































about usc




office of the president


office of the provost


policies and core documents


sustainability


economic impact






patient care




usc student health


keck medicine of usc


request an appointment


medical services and programs


find a provider


hospital and clinic locations






quick links




campus events


campus safety


careers at usc


commitment to change


how to access campus


pressroom
















privacy notice


notice of non-discrimination


digital accessibility


smoke-free policy






copyright © 2025 university of southern california







































