

soup of the evening...beautiful soup








soupsong's book on sale!  order "exaltation of soups" at amazon.com or www.barnesandnoble.com or at your local bookstore.


search soupsong:

















for old times sake, see the final e-soupsong, issue #63: last soupsong in paris and all the e-soupsongs fit to print

food tales

hot soups

cold soups

soup as a meal

soup as a course

international soups

occasional soups

meat soups

 cry fowl soups

seafood soups

strictly vegetable

fruity soups

soup basics

soup etiquette

late breaking soups, etc.

soup goes to the movies

faves of the stars

soup tales

deathbed soups

soup jokes

soup customs

musical soup

soup in art

theatrical soup

shakespeare food frenzies

soup sentiments

soup in the news

ancient food news

chowderhead rock

a cautionary tale

true soup confessions

soup in the news--suspended til parisian soupsong gets her soupgroove back

american measures?

privacy soupsong

* * *you can 
 
  e-mail  to add a recipe, tell a foodtale, or add your own 2¢.  or here to see clyde sanborn's soupsong.







soup of the evening
beautiful soup

"beautiful soup, so rich and green,
     waiting in a hot tureen!
     who for such dainties would not stoop?
     soup of the evening, beautiful soup!
     soup of the evening, beautiful soup!
     beau--ootiful soo--oop! beau--ootiful soo--oop!
     soo--oop of the e--e--evening, beautiful, beautiful soup"
[hear 12-year-old michael bannett perform lewis carroll's "the mock turtle's song"]
for centuries, soup has been the first resort of a special dinner and the last resort of weary providers with tired vegetables and hungry children.  and it's a lot more than that.  thackeray has versified on it; queequeg has rhapsodized about it; george santayana has waxed downright proustian for its sake.  in these pages, dear readers, i would sing a song of soup to fill your bellies and satisfy your souls.



as for soup of the evening...beautiful soup itself, it's by pat solley; illustrations by d. c. bloom. copyright, patricia g. solley, 1997all rights reserved







