








video production for business & industry - cedar rapids, iowa - wylie.video - wylie video

























menu

home
portfolio
> corporate video production
> live streaming
> voiceover
> business communications
meet eric wylie
contact
rates
book consult





home

portfolio

    corporate video production
    live streaming
    voiceover
    business communications

  
                
            meet eric wylie
                 
            contact
                 
            rates
                 
            book consult















video production for business & industry





        
    inside your business, things are hectic. managing your regular communications can be challenging. but then the request to produce a video for a big product launch, or new employee program, or updated training series lands in your inbox.
    
    



      partnering with wylie.video allows you to you focus on crafting the messaging and desired deliverables, while we manage the video production technology and provide our years of experience to help you create the best video production possible.
   

    these valued clients have taken advantage of our expertise to create great productions:
 




    
    wylie.video regularly partners with marketing and communications teams, human resources departments, safety and process trainers, as well as leaders throughout the business.
 


book your free consultation






   save time
            
training videos free up your staff for individual coaching, while your custom, video-based training demonstrates your company's processes and workstation tasks.
            
            professionally produced, customer-focused instructional videos can reduce repetitive and disruptive customer service calls.
            




   increase sales
            

            we can help you demonstrate, explain, and promote your products and services to prospective and current customers. 
            
            internal training videos can motivate and educate your sales team or help workers improve skills and processes to increase productivity.




    working with wylie.video provides

 full consultation and support from concept through completion
 access to 25+ years of video production experience
 high-quality, professional 4k corporate and cinema camera gear
 a full complement of video equipment including cameras, teleprompter, lighting, sound, green screen, and more
 an experienced videographer, producer, and editor who can provide some or all of the elements of your video project
 consistency of production can be achieved because we are prepared to travel anywhere in the u.s.





book your free consultation





   what clients say about wylie.video
            
"i've had the pleasure of working with eric both as part of my staff and as a business client. eric's nurmerous talents span the spectrum of communications: voice, video, web/technology, writing, marketing, advertising...and most important, business management. he's a self-disciplined professional and a master at his trade. empowering eric to work as part of your team is like an extension of your best talent. he will integrate himself into your business, quickly partner with you to determine how communications can help, and implement programs that make impact. hire him. he's a gem."
 - patrick o'connell, marketing & communications leader

"eric - a great big thank you to you for your help with the script and the entire process! it definitely helped me feel more comfortable in front of the camera."
- a c-level executive upon seeing their finished presentation video

"the video is getting nothing but rave reviews! thank you so much!!"
- corporate communications manager after launching their new campus visitor information and safety video





view full video portfolio



     based in cedar rapids, iowa, our corporate video production equipment is both air- and road-ready, and we have traveled throughout the united states for our video production clients to record on-site at their offices, factories, and events.
     
     we frequently travel throughout iowa, illinois, and wisconsin. in iowa, locations include cedar rapids, des moines, iowa city, waterloo, and davenport. in illinois, we visit rock island and moline, as well as naperville and the chicago suburbs, and downtown chicago.
     
     other video production travel has included boston, new york city, dallas, san francisco, colorado springs and denver, and trips to indiana, kansas, oklahoma and kentucky.
     
     whether we're recording video, planning, writing, producing, lighting, directing, or recording sound and voiceovers, we're doing our best to create corporate video productions that educate, solve problems, keep people safe, and help generate revenue.
     










video production
live streaming
voiceover
business comms
terms & conditions



© wylie creative communications, llc





video production
live streaming
voice talent
business comms
terms & conditions

© wylie creative communications, llc







facebook




linkedin



youtube



319-832-2916



eric@wylie.video















the text, logos and icons identifying wylie video, wylie.video, wylie creative communications, llc and its services are proprietary marks of wylie creative communications, llc. video and audio files 
      and
      other media on this site produced by wylie creative communications, llc and its predecessor companies are the property of   wylie creative communications, llc.
      duplication of any content on this site   without the express written consent of the owner is strictly prohibited. this   site may include names, logos
      or icons identifying
other companies, products or   services; those marks are proprietary marks of those respective companies.   all who use this site and request services from our company agree   to these terms of use.  












