






inner dialogue – towards humanity


















































 













aboutfounderswhat we doteacherscontact usworkshopsworkshops 2025-6shopthe journeyarticleslog in







innerdialogue
and the science and art of ontological kinesiology 

2025/6 workshops – click here

innerdialogue developed over the past 40 years from early work done by applied kinesiology and clinical kinesiology. both disciplines used muscle testing as a medium to communicate with a patient in a clinical environment.  besides its physiological-based medical discipline, kinesiology has had many iterations, some not surviving. ontological kinesiology (innerdialogue created and mentored by solihin thom) has become a consistent standard for a fully integrated approach toward facilitating a completely congruent human being and a consequent state of well-being and health.





muscle testing is an accurate and precise feedback mechanism in the hands of a trained practitioner.  we recognise and teach the many variables that make classical kinesiology (in the health field) a biased, and sometimes inaccurate tool. we usually use one of the main shoulder muscles (deltoid) to help illustrate clearly how the body’s reflexes act through muscle dynamics. we challenge this particular muscle to see if it is strong or weak or, to use a less technical term, spongy! people mainly illustrate a strong pair of deltoid muscles unless there is a local injury. 
when a particular reflex mechanism on or in the body is initiated, the body takes it as a challenge. likewise, when a hand mode or mudra is recognised by the organism as pertinent, the deltoid illustrates this by changing its state – from strong to weak, weak to strong. sometimes, the change is very subtle, and practitioners learn to feel the changes, but mostly, the changes are distinct. practitioners are taught a very precise mode of muscle testing through their stance, interaction, proximity, mindfulness, and attention to the subtleties of the body as they work with a person.


b
unfortunately muscle reflexes are mediated by a complex hierarchy of reflexes (or switches) from within the muscle itself, to the cord, to the reptilian or hindbrain, to the midbrain, into the thalami and amygdala  and ultimately to the higher centres. all of these can adversely affect the integrity of a muscle test. in addition, the particiapnt can effect the integrity of the muscle through their own volition, beliefs, wishes. so too, can the therapist or practitioner who can, unconsciously often, but easily influence the outcome by their own bias, wish, what they seek, their target et al. vigourous training irons out a lot of the vagaries, bias and misinformation, but it does creep in, because we ‘are only human‘ – an ontological point that , in fact, the client or practitioner is working from their lower self rather than higher.
mudras are a protolanguage. we have inherited it phylogenetically from the animal kingdom. higher mammals, instinctively use gesture language to convey information. in humans, they are also a lingua franca, a common signing gesture to convey primitive information. based on these observations, mudras have been developed by in martial arts, daoist rituals, southern indian dance, and ritual javanese dancing. they are used in meditation and healing. they have a long history of use, conveying subtle information and altering people’s state. they are also local and specific. that is, the mudras inform and ask questions within the field of the language user. as one uses the mudras they become, like any language, an effective way of communication; the difference, however, is that because mudras are somatic, the language is understood globally!
innerdialogue utilises this type of language.  language starts from the most basic essential words, like ima, muma, and mama, and grows outward.  the language from early kinesiology was centred around mechanics, anatomy, and physiology.  solihin felt in the beginning that if your issue was in a deeper realm or beyond an “owie” (hurt), the language was insufficient. consequently, and over time, the lexicon has greatly expanded to include mudras that one might call ‘nouns (subjects) , adjectives, verbs and objects.’ 

these relate to our four levels of being as a noun or object, which relates to a sentence’s material or substantive aspect. the adjective is the descriptive (vegetal) component. verbs are the action (instinctual/animal), a sentence’s ‘doing to’ aspect. these concepts correspond to our four levels of existence. a noun or object represents the material or substantive aspect of a sentence. the adjective serves as the descriptive (vegetal) component. verbs represent the action (instinctual/animal) aspect, illustrating a sentence’s ‘doing’ element. the object (human) is the final component, the part with something done to it.  our complete understanding may be an expression of presence.

this language has grown into a collection of around 1600 mudras encompassing human subjects such as relationships, the spiritual, myths, djinns, allies, resonances, fields, forces or power/magic, beliefs and the myriad of human conditions encountered on our journey from birth to differentiated human. what is remarkable is that over time, the work has transformed into an inner roadmap capable of guiding us through even the most intricate interior spaces, and yet is very grounded in the here and now, and practicalities of living here on earth.


we have moved away from a “clinical” environment and do not treat you as a patient or teach you to be a therapist.  we respectively call our students practitioners, but if you choose to be trained,  you are to be a partner on an inner journey, to help someone better understand their state, needs or the road to a better outcome.  a most concise narrative will develop as the “story”.  this “story” may be simple, profound, deep, or sacred., or all of these. we abound in stories, and they are primarily held in our interior self – mediated by the gestalt right brain. our world is put together andd somehwat ordered through our left brain, the right is the gift that enlarges our maps. the inner is that which is carried but asks to be heard, so it can guide through your subconscious, or on occasions, through its still, quiet voice.
the computer and the innerdialogue database, laminated mudra and symbol sheets, and being human card set have become our central tools for the flow from sentence to sentence in the narrative.  the computer model has 4500 data records, around 1400 associated mudras, challenges, and 350 displays, ranging from conception, gestation, neurological integrity, field dynamics, obsession, mental states, surrender, flexibility, qi, homœopathic rates, acupuncture displays and inner modalities to help facilitate change.  the work has grown exponentially. nb practitioners can download the latest updates through this website.










over the recent years, we have found that the fibonacci spiral has taken greater prominence in our displays and work.  in the past, we have seen that we often recirculate our narratives as if they were in a circular pattern.  we often see this in ourselves, cycling back, in a rut like an animal, going around in a circle.  we didn’t see the real pattern—for every time we were in this repeated state (read karmic or fate), we could only see what was immediately in front of us or what trailed behind. we didn’t have a perspective on our situation.  we began to see that this new idealised pattern was better illustrated by the fibonacci spiral, which always grows wider with understanding and upward towards the beyond.  this structure is akin to nature as it unfolds and is a perfect model for inner growth, starting from nowhere and growing towards infinity.  many of our new displays on the computer are part of that wider roadmap, winding outward and upward to lead us to better health and understanding.


“an innerdialogue session is the unfolding of a narrative to bring one back to that which is enfolded.”
in our workshops, we endeavour to expand our worldview of ourselves as humans in the making and touch on our real self, our soul.












innerdialogue ™  |  ontological kinesiology  |  human template model constellation  | 
© all rights 1986-2025 solihin thom

















