









hope is life | bringing hope one child at a time











































menu
skip to content

homeprojects

microloans for women guardians
project book angels

india
thailand


relief efforts
the butterfly project
schools

cambodia
haiti
india


asmara scholarship fund

india
thailand




press
about us
contact us
volunteer
donate



hope is life

bringing hope one child at a time


















 
 
microloan 



 
 
butterfly1 



 
 
projectbookangels1 



 
 
hopeforhaiti1 



 
 
asmara1 













hope is life is a non-profit organization that works to create vibrant communities around the world where children can enjoy a peaceful, healthy life and receive proper education without any form of prejudice.
all of humanity belongs to the same family. hope is life believes that the world of humanity is a composite body—when part of the body suffers, the rest will feel the consequences. the advancement in education and economic progress depends largely on natural stirrings at the grassroots level. programs aimed at the betterment of youth will empower communities, resulting in the transformation of society.
your tax-deductible donations to the work of hope is life foundation will be gratefully accepted, and we will do everything we can to provide you with information about the results of your generosity. hope is life foundation is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit incorporated in the united states in 2005.  all donations are tax-exempt and receipts are provided.
if you would like to contribute to hope is life’s activities, whether it be to provide scholarships to children in need, to build libraries in remote parts of the world, or to enhance the welfare of communities, you can donate via paypal.
    facebook unable to display facebook posts.show errorerror: error validating application. application has been deleted.type: oauthexceptioncode: 190please refer to our error message reference.










proudly powered by wordpress






return to topabout us
contact us
donate
 copyright © 2025 








