


























 
 
 
 









home | california state university monterey bay






















possible severe wind, rain and flooding through saturday. east and main campus remain open and safe. updates are available on the emergency webpage.










privacy policy statement. our privacy policy was recently updated.


dismiss
click to dismiss

privacy policy







skip to main site navigation
skip to main content








click to open the main menu





apply
departments
about
giving
athletics
dashboard login







academics

programs & degrees
academic outcomes
mentorship & support
hands-on learning
colleges & schools
academic resources


admissions & aid

how to apply
paying for college
visit campus
meet the admissions team


student life

housing & dining
commuting to csumb
student groups & activities
recreation
student support


why csumb?

the monterey bay area
supportive community
transformative outcomes
rankings & recognition


news & events

all news
events calendar








open the search panel



go



go























the strength of us
an affordable, accessible education guided by mentorship and inspired by our coastal location.



our academic experience






















 






apply now for fall '25

it's not too late to join the otter raft! 
applications close feb. 15

apply now 

















a personalized education guided by mentorship















undergraduate & first year students
with 80+ majors, minors, and concentrations, you’ll find a combination that aligns with your interests and professional aspirations. 
explore majors and minors 

how to apply 












graduate programs
we offer graduate-level programs in areas such as business, education, human services, technology, and health and environmental sciences. 

view graduate programs

















jordan janusz ’24kinesiology major


[at monterey bay] i feel seen and acknowledged. i have a relationship with every one of my professors. i feel like they all have my back and want to see me do well. it's a lot easier to learn this way.







mentorship

hands-on learning 
student support









the otter community 

visit campus
















      
      
      
         100+ clubs and organizations 
      
      
      
    

get engaged with your classmates and make an impact in the local community by joining one or more of our campus clubs.










      
      
      
         14 ncaa teams
      
      
      
    

become a student-athlete on one of our 14 teams or cheer on your fellow otters from the stands. 










      
      
      
         vibrant residence life
      
      
      
    

as the most residential campus in the csu system, we’ve established a strong, supportive learning community.










      
      
      
         outdoor recreation

      
      
      
    

with miles of coast and miles of trails, there’s no shortage of places to explore near campus. 










      
      
      
         inclusive programs & events 
      
      
      
    

participate in multicultural events, workshops, lectures, and celebrations all throughout the year. 



 



go to the previous slide.



go to the next slide.











innovative. collaborative. transformative. 


why choose csumb?















an inspiring coastal environment that sparks curiosity.
located along the central coast of california, monterey bay offers a unique blend of natural beauty and cultural history. from the depths of the ocean to within the lush forests—and all the rocky formations in between—our region is rich with real-world learning labs.


discover our location











a life-changing education that provides a lifetime of value.
learn from a world-class faculty. gain marketable skills through hands-on experiences. build leadership potential through activities and athletics. leave empowered to pursue a successful meaningful career.

see our outcomes

 










a personalized education to empower your future 
discover the stunning beauty of cal state monterey bay, where coastal life meets a vibrant, inclusive campus community. immerse yourself in a transformative educational journey and open doors to a lifetime of possibilities and rewards. embrace the adventure, find your people and let your future begin here.










request info


visit csumb


apply


















social media links







visit

5108 fourth avenue, marina, ca 93933
campus map






mail

                100 campus center, seaside, ca 93955
              





831-582-3000







emergency information
covid-19
report concerning/ discriminating behavior
wellness raft
health and wellness
student parents


report website issue
security report
title ix
legal
privacy
library






facebook





twitter





linkedin





youtube





instagram









copyright
 © 
		csumb 2025










help us to improve csumb.edu
thanks for helping us improve csumb.edu. spot a broken link, typo, or didn't find something where you expected to? let us know. we'll use your feedback to improve this page, and the site overall.

what you were doing *




what went wrong *




your email address 



recaptcha response



 


send message










 
 


 
 

 



