























uk self catering holiday cottages | original cottages


































close



destinations


cornwall


cumbria


devon


dorset


england


kent


lake district


lancashire


norfolk


northumberland


peak district and derbyshire


scottish borders


suffolk


sussex


wales


yorkshire


all destinations




top searches


last minute


easter holidays


may half term


summer holidays


autumn breaks


christmas & new year cottages


school holidays


short breaks


special offers


dog friendly


hot tub cottages


accessible cottages (on one level)


family friendly


cottages for two


for large groups


coastal cottages


countryside cottages


city breaks


luxury: the niche collection


unique cottages


new properties


uk travel guides


inspirations...




about us


faqs


booking conditions


let your property


contact us


beginner's guide to holiday letting


the original cottages family


- about original cottages 


- our core values


- original cottages star grading


- the original talent programme


- we are truly local


supporting ukcf


vacancies


read our blog


gender pay gap report






my account


holidaymaker


homeowner




wishlist
contact us

contact us

let your property

wishlist






search




where



when



guests (aged 2+)
guests (aged 2+)1 guest2 guests3 guests4 guests5 guests6 guests7 guests8 guests9 guests10 guests11 guests12 guests13 guests14 or more guests


pets
no pets1 pet2 pets3 pets4+ petsno pets allowed


nights
2 nights3 nights4 nights5 nights6 nights7 nights8 nights9 nights10 nights11 nights12 nights13 nights14 nights15 nights16 nights17 nights18 nights19 nights20 nights21 nights22 nights23 nights24 nights25 nights26 nights27 nights28 nights


flexibility
exact date+/- 1 day+/- 2 days+/- 3 days










































make this holiday one to remember




                            book your next escape
            
















            summer holidays
        
    make the most of summer









            last minute holidays
        
    plan your escape today!









            let your property
        
    discover successful letting












welcome to original cottages!


holidays are about finding those moments. searching for secret coves. exploring untrodden trails. unearthing hidden secrets. britain is full of awe-inspiring places with stories to tell. and we’re here to help you find them.
 





 










inspiration



active holidays




national parks of
england and wales




pet friendly
cottages in england




coastal cottage
getaways




country cottage
getaways




glamping
retreats





 













why book with
original cottages?




always local, wherever you stay

we're a national holiday cottages company, with a family of twenty local agencies across england and wales. every one of them an expert in their fields, as well as their region's winding footpaths and forgotten hills.



family first, from the start

we've been a family-run company from the very beginning and we understand what it takes to make the most of time away with your loved ones. when you choose us, you'll find the most original places to stay, with all the comforts of home.

 


we know what makes a holiday memorable

discovering unspoilt beaches, finding the perfect log-fire pub after a long country walk, heading to a tucked-away harbour for a fresh fish and chip supper: make the best of the great outdoors with our insider knowledge. with us, you can enjoy new experiences and exceptional stays. explore our regional guides to find inspiration and your ideal location, or make the most of our local know-how and talk to one of our friendly team.



where do you want to go?

whether you’re longing for a romantic escape, looking for a memory-filled family adventure or an unforgettable getaway with a group of old friends, we have a property to suit, in a location you’ll love. with over 5,500 places to stay, including norfolk, cornwall, yorkshire, wales, suffolk, devon, kent, sussex, lancashire, dorset, northumberland, cumbria and the lake district, the peak district and derbyshire, you’ll find something as unique as you are.






featured properties






our journal articles view all










news
sharing our pride 



find out more about how our colleagues celebrate pride and to discover some lgbtq+ gems across england and wales. 

read more









news
we're supporting ukcf



original cottages is proud to announce that we are once again supporting national charity uk community foundations (ukcf)

read more









news
together we've raised £3,344 for the british red cross in ukraine



at original cottages, we – like many others – are truly troubled by the conflict and humanitarian crisis in ukraine.

read more









food & drink
local flavour: our guide to the uk’s best local restaurants



from fine dining to pub grub. discover dining recommendations across several of our most popular holiday destinations.

read more









news
find your original: our exciting new tv sponsorship



original cottages is proud to announce the launch of its first tv sponsorship campaign with channel 5 and its great british stories series of programmes

read more









property spotlight
booking a uk holiday with original cottages is never plan b, and these influencers agree!



this autumn and winter, we sent some of the uk’s favourite travel bloggers and influencers to stay in some of our very best holiday cottages, all to prove that you can still get that holiday feeling, right here at home.

read more






























03332 020899



                    contact us
                


our local offices









booking line 
mon - fri: 9am - 9pm 
sat: 9am - 8pm
sun: 10am - 8pm
bank holidays: 10am - 6pm








https://www.facebook.com/originalcottageshttps://www.instagram.com/originalcottages/











 


footer2


booking conditions


faqs


letting your property


privacy


cookies


sitemap







© original cottages
travel chapter house, gammaton rd, bideford, devon, ex39 4df
original cottages is a trading name of the travel chapter limited | the travel chapter limited is registered in england and wales. | registered office travel chapter house gammaton road bideford ex39 4df company no. 02431506 | vat reg: 143053210.



 



























