




north bay country dance society | country dance



































 

















 

menu
home
calendar
our dances

contra dance
english country dance
family dances
morris dance
saturday evening waltz party


special events

epicenter 2025
mad robin ball weekend 2025


membership
about…

key volunteers
nbcds covid policy
dance etiquette
code of conduct
history


donate
newcomers
become a member













welcome to north bay country dance


north bay country dance society (nbcds) invites you to join us on the dance floor! whether you choose contra, family, english country, or morris dancing, you’ll share the aerobic exhilaration of traditional dancing to a spectrum of great live music in good company.
north of san francisco bay in sonoma, marin, and napa counties, we are proud to sponsor dances featuring outstanding area callers and musicians as well as some of the finest nationally-renowned talent. you don’t need a partner, just comfortable clothes and low, smooth-soled dancing shoes. and our dances are fragrance-free, in consideration of some community members who are sensitive.
you haven’t danced before? no worries! our dances are accessible and inclusive with a welcoming community; each dance is taught in advance, and you can show up for an introduction for new dancers half an hour before the dance starts. easier dances are usually called in the first half of the dance.

we are a 501(3)(c) all donations are gratefully accepted, put to good use, and tax deductible.
to donate click here


north bay country dance is an affiliate of the country dance & song society (cdss) – https://cdss.org.




contra dance



english country dance



morris dance







become a member

upcoming events 



sebastopol english country dance

march 2 @ 2:00 pm - 4:30 pm caller:  alan winston
band:  grace fellows (piano), corwin zekley (violin) 

event details »




petaluma contra

march 2 @ 6:30 pm - 9:30 pm caller: alan winston
band: green gates

event details »




marin ecd

march 8 @ 2:00 pm - 4:30 pm caller: bruce herbold
musicians: charlie hancock, ann goess, robin lockner

event details »



view all events

 
 full calendar »
 

special events

family dance in sebastopol

sunday, feb 23 2pm - 4:30pm
erik hoffman calling with green gates (jon berger, roxanne oliva, & todd silverstein)

epicenter 2025
april 4 - 6, 2025registration open now!


registration is open!


may 16-18, 2025

 




announcements

membership
support these great dance events by becoming a member. member fees help with costs that stretch beyond what dance admission covers — insurance, advertising, and bookkeeping as well as facility rental and paying our musicians, callers, and sound techs. regular membership is just $30 and a family membership is $50. sustainer membership is $50 – […]
read more »


english country dance in marin
huzzah! we’re launching a new dance series in mill valley. join us on second saturdays for english country dance at the almonte clubhouse 105 wisteria way from 2pm-4:30pm with a beginners’ orientation at 1:45. general admission $15. no experience or partner necessary. mask optional and fragrance free. make it a full day of dance — […]
read more »






















never miss a dance! sign up here for our local dancer emails:


email address 





 










 


© 2025 north bay country dance society


contact us | privacy policy 













