








apac chemical – world class chemical distribution






























































apac chemical – world class chemical distribution
























 















products
manufacturing
services
about
contact
 



 



select page


  
 
 











apac chemical is a world class
chemical distributor and manufacturer.

 
 
 




we specialize in manufacturing high quality
sorbic acid and potassium sorbate.

 
 
 




we are your link to the world’s chemical manufacturing base,
and experts in supply chain and local warehousing.

 
 
 




we import and distribute industrial
and agricultural chemicals.

 
 
 
 
 
 



apac chemical is a world class chemical distributor and manufacturer of food additives, agriculture raw materials, and specialty chemicals.
 
 
 


our story
apac chemical is a family and minority owned business founded in 1999 and headquartered in california, usa. we have been recognized over the years for providing exceptional customer service, quality products, international supply chain management, and local american warehousing. we also work with multinational companies across 6 continents: north america, south america, asia, europe, australia and africa.
 
 

manufacturing
apac factories produce the highest quality fcc grade sorbic acid and potassium sorbate. our manufacturing facilities are located in linyi, china and nantong, china, and have a combined production capacity of 12,000 mt. the raw materials, finished products and procedures are certified and audited by brc global standards, intertek and the fda. in addition we have haccp, iso 9001, kosher pareve / passover and halal certification.
 
 
 
 



customized service
whether you need just in time products, logistics solutions, up to date documentation, or simply need to speak to a real customer service representative, apac chemical would love to help you. we work closely with many of our customers to ensure availability of inventory and help plan shipments to maximize efficiency and decrease cost.
 
 
 


our commitment
our company is highly committed to quality products, integrity and customer service.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



contact us sales@apacchemical.com
apac chemical corportation
1333 s. mayflower ave suite 300
monrovia, ca 91016
(626) 203-0066
  home
products
careers
   

© 2015 apac chemical corporation

privacy policy
site credits


    
 




 

 
 
 












 




 









 



 
 
 











