







animal mission -addressing pet overpopulation and neglect.





























































  






















close

about



who we are
what is no kill?
frequently asked questions




programs and resources



spay & neuter assistance
trap neuter return
darla fund
emergency housing assistance
shelter support




events
support
contact



















love better.

help us fund affordable spay and neuter in the midlands of south carolina.


donate now
















request a voucher

live in richland or lexington county? learn how to get a discount voucher for spay/neuter for dogs and cats.


request a voucher






together, we're working to address the root cause of pet overpopulation and neglect.


learn about no kill










%



reduction in euthanasia


it's working. in the last twelve years, we've more than doubled the number of free and low-cost spay/neuter vouchers issued annually in our community. the result: an 89% reduction in the number of pets euthanized annually at the city of columbia animal shelter. with your continued support, we can achieve the goal of no kill status and create an environment where midlands pets are happier and healthier.





get involved

animal mission hosts and supports a number of events and causes throughout the year. learn more about how you can get involved to support the mission to address the root cause of pet overpopulation and neglect.








palmetto peanut boil
our annual fundraising competition celebrating the official snack food of south carolina.

learn more







fill the red truck
join us each may to fill the truck with donations for our area shelters.

learn more









pickle for paws
a pickleball fundraising celebration benefiting the darla fund, our emergency medical fund for special needs shelter cases.

learn more







animal mission is a proud affiliate of the following organizations
























together, we're working to address the root cause of pet overpopulation and neglect.






make a donation















animal mission is a 501(c)(3) organization dedicated to addressing the root cause of shelter overpopulation and euthanasia in the midlands of south carolina by removing barriers to spay and neuter services for all pet owners in our community.



















copyright, animal mission | all rights reservedsite implemented by 18 street design


 

skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset


























