



fixer-upper » 
 


















































































diy renovation and restoration of a victorian home



the house  -  the fixers  -  major projects  -  photo gallery  -  tools, tips & links  -  shop  -  contact us












search site:

 










browse by category

 diary

how-to

inspiration

bathrooms

bedrooms

exterior

kitchen

living room



major projects

annex/kitchen

craft room

dining room

downstairs bathroom

electrical

exterior

first-floor basics

foundation

hallway

insurance

master bathroom

office

roof

second floor basics



photo gallery

tips & tools




endsleigh specialise in home contents insurance for people in the uk







restoring an 1890’s victorian, diy style 


dirty gert, as we lovingly called her, was our first house and first major remodeling project. and what a project it was…. we devoted endless weekends and countless late nights for over three years to get her back in fighting shape. we learned a lot, especially when we made mistakes. worth it? absolutely. we sold our house a few years ago to move south (out of the syracuse snow belt) but we keep the site up to motivate others to take on their own diy adventures.we’ll do it all again someday, but right now we have a toddler keeping us busy.
to help you navigate the madness that is our project list, below is a sampling of the major projects we tackled:

electrical
foundation repair
roof repair
master bathroom
downstairs bathroom
kitchen
craft room
dining room
stairwell and hallway 

if you want to skip straight to the photos, check out our flickr sets: http://www.flickr.com/photos/fixerupper/sets/












resources


junction 2 interiors, sell mid to high range bathroom furniture, showers and sanitary ware from duravit, matki, hansgrohe...

timeless, elegant cast iron baths from drummonds luxury bathrooms
classic clawfoot tubs offers beautiful clawfoot bathtubs and antique reproduction faucets.

uk bathrooms are providers of high end bathroom suites, accessories and furniture.


feeds

entries (rss)
comments (rss)













previously on fixer upper...
a fancier faucet – my shiny new moen bathroom faucet
infestations!
reader love
steampunk dream machine
a crafter’s dream organizer
elmira, ny – a fingerlakes victorian walking tour
free salvage stuff
welcome, victorian home readers (and sorry for the lack of posts!)
another use for salvaged clawfoots
a long overdue post to kickstart the new year













