




websites that work. are you visible?































site navigation
 



















will you just go with the flow? or will you stand out from the crowd? are you visible?









build a business,
																				not just a website
visibility.tv is a one-man internet consultancy owned and operated by me, craig goldwyn. i do much more than just build websites. i help build brands and businesses. i help you achieve your business plan and your goals with a wide range of services.


not all websites are
																						created equal
anyone can build a website. a lot of college kids build websites. you can do it. but only a specialist can build a good business website, a professional looking website that works on every browser and operating system, gets good rankings in google and yahoo!, loads fast, and contains the secret sauce that engages prospects. but most important, my websites sell. they are deceptively simple and elegant with only the bells and whistles necessary.
here's a great quote from another webmaster, hoss gifford, hossgifford.com in england: "some designers are artists, but web design isn't art. it really [aggravates me] when designers loses sight of the fact that they're solving a communication problem. web design is at its most beautiful when it is all about the user experience." wish i'd said that.
deal directly with the boss


i accept only a small number of clients. i like challenges. if i take on your project, you will deal with me personally and you will get max attention and creativity. hire a big firm and the boss will come out to make the presentation and when you sign the contract you will be assigned to an underling.
you will deal directly with me from strategy to planning to designing to writing to editing to photography to multimedia to databases to ecommerce to email newsletters to project management to success. no need to press 1 for the art department, press 2 for tech support, press 3 for your account rep. speak to me directly at 708-485-3761. click here to see how we will work together.











"i get nothing but positive feedback about the site. i've had quite a few people comment on how professional it looks. you do an awesome job!"
william tortorello
sprinklingsystems.com

"thanks for helping me out yesterday, it took a big load off my shoulders, and i know now that if i ever need any questions answered i can come to you. thanks much!!!"
felicia banys
fotosbyfelicia.com

"wow that was fast. thank you so much! i have received many compliments on how great the site looks. your the best!!!!"
kris borman
elitepetsitting.net


























												| home | clients | about me | contact | how we work together | tips & resources |
everything on this website is copyrighted (c) by craig goldwyn.
															you need my permission to reprint or copy it. so ask first, please.
														craig goldwyn • visibility.tv • 3601 prairie ave. • brookfield illinois usa 60513


 • click here to see my privacy promise




what does this logo mean? the w3c is the official body that writes the rules for the programming code for web pages. click on it to see if it approves of the code on this page. then enter the url of any web page to see if its code is clean.

























