utah foundation for the blind and visually impaired home




































utah foundation for the blind and visually impaired










"dedicated
to helping the blind children of utah  make the most of their lives since 1988."












home
ufb braille magazine download page
goalball pictures








home
ufb braille magazine download page
goalball pictures





 




























utah foundation for the blind and visually impaired










dedicated
to helping the blind children of utah  make the most of their lives since 1988."








utah foundation for the blind and visually impaired 































utah girls—usa national goalball champions two years in a row!
 
congratulations julia, kalinka, kelsie, and reese!!!
 
salt lake goalball practices for 2024
hosted by the utah foundation for the blind 
and visually impaired
 
the
following practices have been scheduled for visually impaired and blind
students of all ages plus adults. everyone is invited to come participate whether
or not you have played before. practices will be held at the copperview
recreation center, 8446 south harrison street (300 w), midvale, ut 84047. dates: saturdays 
january 11
                             
january 18                              january 15                               february 22
                             
march 15                               march 22                                              march 29
                             
april 12
                             
april 19                              april 25--state tournament                              april 26--utah youth team tryouts
 
(state
tournament friday april 25, 8:30 to 4:00)
 
times
     1st -- 6th grades: 1:15 to 2:15 pm
     7th -- 12th grades: 2:15 to 3:15 pm (and advanced                                                                 high  school)
     adults: 3:00 to 4:00 pm 
     (high school students may also practice with
adults with coaches’ permission.)

other practices will be held across the state with more details coming, or contact one of the coaches.volunteers are needed to help with practices and the state tournament. if you would like to help contact rachel jepson.there is no cost for
participation except that we ask each participant to have their own eye shades.
we have many new and used eye shades for sale beginning at $5 each. they can be
purchased when you come to practice. 
state
tournament for children and youth
friday
april 25th
 

goalball is a great sport for blind and visually impaired persons and is played
throughout the world. there are many physical, social, and emotional benefits
for players participating. we will be working with people of all skill levels
so come try it even if you don't know what goalball is.  
hosted by the utah foundation for the blind 
and visually impaired (ufb)
 
 
 
 
goalball
is the most popular team sport for the blind and visually impaired. it is fun,
exciting, and competitive. over the last 25 plus years the utah foundation for
the blind has had hundreds of players enjoy the many benefits of participating
in goalball. like basketball, soccer, and other sports for the sighted,
goalball provides many benefits for blind and visually impaired participants
physically, emotionally and socially. it helps improve physical fitness, motor
skills, coordination, strength, self-confidence, social skills, peer
interactions, character development, and much more. it also helps reduce
stress, tension, and anxiety. many students and parents have given feedback
about how goalball has literally been a life changer and how it has helped
their school performance and helped prepare them for college and careers.
 
ufb
has some of the best coaches in the country who work with those who have never
played before as well as very experienced and skilled players. all you have to
do is show up at any of the practices and we will take care of the rest."
 
our goalball
season begins in january with practices throughout the state. this is followed
by a one day, state-wide tournament for children and youth. players look
forward to this tournament all year. following the state tournament the top
youth players are selected for the utah boys and girls teams. these players
continue training in preparation to compete against teams from other states and
represent utah at the us national youth goalball championships. we have a
similar program for adult players. over the last 20 years ufb’s teams have won
nine national championship titles and many of our players have earned
individual honors.
 
don’t miss out!
come have a great time playing goalball.
 















				photo album gallery place holder - please wait while the photo album loads.
				if the album does not show, please refresh the page to try again.
			



































































use the button below to make a charitable donation to the utah foundation for the blind.

























download monthly issues of the ufb braille magazine























 





 














