









home - horse creek ranch














































home
glamping of jackson hole
camping & fishing pack trips
jackson hole horseback riding
wyoming hunting





menu


menu

 







wyoming big game hunting guidestrophy mountain outfitters
 see website

western wyoming guided big game hunt outfitters
we offer guided wyoming big game hunts for mule deer, elk, big horn sheep, antelope, moose, mountain lion and black bear.
our permits allow us to outfit in some of the most coveted hunting units in western wyoming, covering a large portion of the bridger teton national forest and gros ventre wilderness. this unique wilderness access provides client an exclusive hunting experience of the highest quality.
overnight camping & fishing pack tripsjackson hole pack trips
see website

jackson hole, wyoming
camping & fishing pack trips
imagine traveling on horseback, camping in tents, eating meals prepared over a campfire, fishing, hiking, and photographing wildlife in their most natural habitat. we provide the gear, and most importantly, our pack trips are safely led by some of wyoming’s most experienced guides. see our standard itineraries below & contact us to customize your trip!
jackson hole horseback ridingwillow creek horseback rides
see website

experience horseback riding in jackson hole!
mountain trail rides start at the willow creek trailhead located 16 miles south of jackson, wyoming. under our btnf permit, all rides take place 100% in the bridger teton national forest. each trail ride makes a full loop, allowing you to experience new scenery and views throughout the entire ride. groups range from two to eight people. for larger groups and private parties, special arrangements are available.
glamping of jackson holeglamping of jackson hole
see website

a jackson hole glamping experience unlike anything you’ve done before!
in june 2023 we announced our acquisition and re-grand opening of  glamping of jackson hole, a luxury camping/glamping (glamour camping) experience located in the bridger-teton national forest only 30 mins from jackson hole.
our “safari-style” camp boasts 6 huge, stand-up wall tents with real beds, soft comfortable linens, showers and luxury “outhouses”.
a host of outdoor activities are available, including horseback riding, mountain biking, hiking, fishing, and anything else you enjoy doing in the great outdoors.
all meals are included and prepared by our on-site chef using local ingredients. we hope to see you soon!
horse creek outfitters is permitted by the btnf and is an equal opportunity service provider.

  


 © copyright 2023 - horse creek ranch






scroll to top











