


darioush



























 × 2021 signature cabernet sauvignonthe remarkable 2021 vintage celebrates darioush’s 25th anniversary and bottling of signature cabernet sauvignon. after decades of meticulous vineyard management, our estate vineyards spanning southern napa valley and high atop mount veeder have hit their stride, producing fruit with splendid concentration, compelling freshness, and graceful complexity. 
 this wine is also available in etched, large format bottles.descriptionpriceqty750 ml $1351.5 l $270view detailsget this wine as part of our first offering membership.﻿ arrow icon × 2021 signature cabernet francthe unique terroir of our rocky, higher-elevation mount veeder estate combines a cool, marine-influenced climate with exceptional sun exposure to naturally develop cabernet franc’s inherently earthbound, spice and black fruit flavors. this classic bordeaux variety possesses both power and poise, and contributes layered, concentrated, earthen and fruit flavors to our signature cabernet sauvignon each year.
descriptionpriceqty2021 signature cabernet franc $90view detailsget this wine as part of our first offering membership.﻿ arrow icon × 2023 signature viognierfragrant, alluring, and exotic, viognier is a rarity in napa valley. darioush signature viognier expresses its inherently bright and vibrant character when grown from the cooler locale of oak knoll where dense early morning fog and late afternoon breezes allow this delicate variety to ripen slowly and completely. the hallmark of signature viognier is its effusive aromatics and core of juicy stone fruit.
descriptionpriceqty750ml $60view detailsget this wine as part of our first offering membership.﻿ arrow icon × 2022 signature sauvignon blanc, sage vineyardour latest release of sage vineyard sauvignon blanc is sourced from three small blocks nestled between 1800 - 2100 feet on our mount veeder vineyard estate. mount veeder is the most temperate of the mountainside napa valley ava’s, its southernmost location, the marine influence of the nearby san pablo bay, moderate sun exposure and varied topography result in cool pockets at high elevations. these microclimates provide the ideal conditions for gradual ripening and flavor development; signature sauvignon blanc shows remarkable brightness, purity, and refinement.
descriptionpriceqty750ml $68view details × from persia to napapart cookbook, part history lesson, and as meticulously thorough as her other books, from persia to napa by renowned chef and author najmieh batmanglij traces iranian viniculture from ancient times to napa’s darioush winery, which is styled after persepolis. 
in its newest edition, second-generation proprietor sally kahledi contributes one of her favorite recipes rooted in persian flavors, but with a healthy twist: fava beans and dill rice with salmon crust.
descriptionpriceqtyfrom persia to napa $60view details × pistachiosour persian style pistachios roasted with sea salt and citrus zest. at darioush, we greet our guests with the traditional persian gesture of hospitality, pistachios roasted with sea salt and citrus zest. 8 ounces. 
we've packaged this ever-popular delight in a silver tin with screw-on lid, decorated with the darioush seal.
descriptionpriceqty8 ounces $14view details × alexandra llewellyn x darioush travel backgammon setamong the world's oldest games, backgammon’s roots are in persian culture. at darioush, we look to the past for inspiration, seeking modern interpretations for arts lost to the passage of time. 
we've partnered with celebrated london-based games designer alexandra llewellyn to produce two bespoke, limited edition travel backgammon sets inspired by our 2011 and 2012 darius ii label art. 
descriptionpriceqty2011 darius ii edition $1,8002012 darius ii edition $1,800view details × 2020 signature merlotaromatic complexity and typicity is the hallmark of darioush signature merlot. our meticulous vineyard practices, the unique microclimates and soils from our southern napa valley vineyards atop mount veeder and on the valley floor naturally restrict, concentrate, and carefully ripen this noble bordeaux variety to coax a plush yet focused wine.
descriptionpriceqty750ml $74sold outview detailsget this wine as part of our first offering membership.﻿ arrow icondarioush logo shop  experiences  membership  our story darioush logodarioush crown logothe door of our house is always open to you.traditional persian greeting shop  experiences  membership  our story darioush crown logothe door of our house is always open to you.traditional persian greetingintroducing the crown jewel of the darioush estatediscover darius ii﻿ arrow icon shop  experiences  membership  our story darioush is a story of the harmonious blending of traditions - a culture of graciousness and thoughtfulness and one rooted in the ideals of individualism and opportunity. our vision﻿ arrow iconcome share our worldly perspectivereserve your winery experience﻿ arrow iconjoin the first offering membershipenroll now﻿ arrow icon shop  experiences  membership  our story discover something new each day2021 signature cabernet sauvignon$135diamond icon add to cart  add 2021 signature cabernet franc$90diamond icon add to cart  add 2023 signature viognier$60diamond icon add to cart  add 2022 signature sauvignon blanc, sage vineyard$68diamond icon add to cart  add from persia to napa$60diamond icon add to cart  add pistachios$14diamond icon add to cart  add alexandra llewellyn x darioush travel backgammon set$1,800diamond icon add to cart  add 2020 signature merlot$74diamond iconsold outdropdown icondropdown iconreserve your wine experience now﻿ arrow iconhomeshopexperiencesmembershipour storycontactpress inquirieshappeningswine fact sheetsdistributorscareersdarioush logo4240 silverado trail napa, ca 94558, united states707 257 2345 open daily 10:30 a.m. - 5:00 p.m, excluding major holidayssign up for our mailing listinstagram logo(link opens in new window)facebook logo(link opens in new window)twitter logo(link opens in new window)pintrest logo(link opens in new window) © 2023 darioush. all rights reserved. a fine site.  (link opens in new window)sitemap | privacy | accessibility | policies


