



medical bill review plano, texas | the reny company


















































"a single source solution to reduce cost and improve efficiency." 


about us
case referral
medsave login


 
 
 









 toggle navigation    
 




bill review
medical providers
out-of-network
medical management
first reports
contact us















reduce cost, improve care medical bill review 
the reny company is the leading provider of medical bill review, within the workers compensation, maritime industry. the reny company consistently generates greater savings, in our industry.  
 know more about us 









creating a new beginning in managed care 
our integrated program optimizes quality care, reduces cost and improves efficiencies. the reny company provides improved care at a fair price. the right care, at the right time. 
 know more about us 









a smarter solutionout-of-network negotiations 
the reny company, a national leader in cost-containment, has distinguished itself in reducing the cost of out-of-network, non-subscriber, workers compensation, maritime, and group health claims. 
 know more about us 











    

medical 
              bill review
the reny company is the leading provider of medical bill review, within the workers compensation, maritime industry.
read more 




    

medsave
              solutions
medsave solutions offers a comprehensive customer-centric solution. we are the leading provider of medical cost containment. 
read more 




    

early intervention 
              case management
our integrated program optimizes quality care, reduces cost and improves efficiencies. the reny company provides improved care. 
read more 




    

negotiation 
              network
our out-of-network negotiations continues to set the standard for fair and reasonable reimbursement for medical services. 
read more 










technology & professional know-how medical bill review 
the reny company-the smarter solution for medical bill review and quality managed care. ready for a more streamlined process and greater overall reduced cost? look no further. 


reduce costs medsave solutions 
 medsave solutions capitalizes not just on our proven process, but also on the expertise of our people, which allow us to deliver unparalleled industry results.


the right care, at the right time case management 
our expert medical professionals deliver key capabilities required to manage appropriate care across the healthcare landscape. let us provide prospective, concurrent and retrospective review to optimize treatment of a worker’s injuries at any stage of the claim 






medical bill review
workers' compensation, maritime, auto & group health






do you have questions?
let the reny company provide you with a smarter solution that simplifies the complex challenges of medical cost-containment with savings, accuracy and roi.
ask now! 




increase revenue, optimize care medsave  solutions 
medsave solutions offers a comprehensive customer-centric solution. we are the leading provider of medical cost containment.  




  
  
  











latest news


view more





							apr				
						

							24					
							


synergy between case management and medical bill review






							apr				
						

							24					
							


medical bill review






							mar				
						

							20					
							


the role of case management and its impact 






							mar				
						

							19					
							


how to review your medical bill






							jan				
						

							24					
							


what to know about peer reviews








blog posts


view more





							mar				
						

							08					
							


fed-osha issues vaccine mandate  employers get choice






							nov				
						

							17					
							


osha unveils details of workplace vaccine mandate rule with deadline after holidays






							aug				
						

							05					
							


the case management approach to work-related injuries






							jun				
						

							07					
							


workers compensation case managers improve outcomes for workers






							may				
						

							29					
							


medical case management benefits company, injured worker





 







the reny company is a privately held, national medical managed care firm, which specializes in designing programs for first-party insurers, attorneys, municipalities and third-party administrators,  that reduce costs associated with non-subscribers, workers compensation, maritime, liability, p&i, and group medical claims. 
we work side by side with our customers to deliver innovative, tailored solutions to manage risk and keep our customers ahead of their costs.






 address: the reny company
                1820 preston park, suite 1900
                 plano, texas - 75093 


call us toll free: 800-880-6201
local: 972-250-0189
fax: 972-250-0686

email: contact@renycompany.com










home 
about us
bill review
medical providers
out-of-network
medical management
first reports
w-9 form
contact us
login
site map







copyright 2020. the reny company / all rights reserved


privacy policy
resources
careers
contact







 







