





website solutions & marketing | hosting and maintenance | cleardev llc

























































 about us


 contact us


 (212) 535-9756

















															home
														



															web design & development
														


the approach


the process







															artist registry
														



															hosting
														



															portfolio
														




 client login
														

















new - the cleardev artist registry
the best artist portfolio platform for your artist members
full featured artist registries and portfolio websites for galleries, clubs, schools, and other organizations.
learn more













discover frustration free websites

















turn visitors into customers

















escape internet marketing overwhelm

















you know there's a better way. we'll show you how.
we bring decades of collective experience in the web design, development and online marketing space. at no point during our process will you be wondering 'what’s next?' (or worse, 'where did they go?').
web design & development
















put your business in the right place at the right time, in front of the right people.
our mission is simple: partner with great organizations and make them greater through increased sales, growing their user base, and building awareness. we will guide you through the challenging digital marketing landscape.
internet marketing
















rock solid web hosting & maintenance plans for every budget. 
if you want a solid platform to build your own website, or if you need monthly hands on support to keep your site updated, maintained & secured, we have a plan for you.
powerful web hosting
























								the power is in the 
								


process
planning
design
development
production
promotion
marketing



								& people.
							












process & planning





design & development





marketing & promotion
















platform










































































cleardev can handle any software integration...
if you're interested, request a quote and we'll get right back to you.


request a quote!










a complete set of services no matter where you are in your process...







creative
from design to copy; handheld to big screen; branding to content strategy.









development
handcrafted websites by the experts.  responsive and built to last.









inbound marketing
thinking big picture when it comes to traffic, leads, and conversions.











consultation
educating fellow business owners on smart web strategies that move the needle.









support
the work's not done when the site goes live.  we're here for changes, updates, & support.









training
we love helping businesses and individuals put their best foot forward, and we do that via education both online & in person.












this time - next year...


things are humming with excitement, your customers are raving, and your platform is growing faster than ever... all thanks to the smart moves you made today.  we would be thrilled to help carve that path with you.

let's talk!





client praise






you're a wizard. the site looks great. thanks for the speedy work and for getting us squared away with his access. many thanks!






wileyassociate product designer — global education








cleardev had both the vision and the expertise to create a truly exceptional website for my new book. i would hire them hands down over rivals to create a website that truly inspires people into action.






jeffrey kramesauthor of inside drucker's brain








you are my ninja. thank you!!!






ellen gersteinsave the children








in a matter of days, cleardev created and fully updated an author website for me and the results were astounding. this was a great opportunity for our author to feel more connected to his readers and share his thoughts through both email and blog entries. we also saw sales coming directly from the links on the author site. i definitely recommend cleardev's services to anyone looking to build a greater sense of community between author and reader.






wileymarketing manager








congratulations! if you are reading this - you are considering working with a web designer and developer who is going to deliver you an excellent website with minimal effort on your part! as a very busy marketing and communications executive at a large real estate development group, i need partners who can simplify the process. creating a website can be an overwhelming task, but not when you work with paul mayson. a true partner, he understands the client's needs and accomplishes them the first time around.






the peebles corporationmarketing manager for 'the peebles principles'








i don't know anything about blog-design, but i do know what i like. the blog paul mayson designed for me as adjunct to my book, econospinning, was better than anything i could have imagined as an expression of who i am and what i'm about. quick turnaround...responsive to my comments...cheap at twice the price.






gene epsteineconomics editor, barron's












this website uses tracking cookies to improve user experience. by using our website you consent to all tracking cookies in accordance with our privacy policy.
i agree
learn more






get in touch



newsletter
keep up on our always evolving product features and technology. enter your e-mail and subscribe to our newsletter.

success! you've been added to our email list.
								





go!






questions?  ready to start something?
let us learn more about your project & goals.  take a minute now to schedule a 15 minute phone call.  there's nothing to lose and we offer a 100% money back guarantee (and it's a free call, by the way).  click the big button below to schedule a time that works best for you!
let's talk!



contact us

 ny office: 200 guernsey st., brooklyn ny 11222, usa
 ct office: 2 merwins lane, fairfield ct 06824, usa
 phone: (212) 535-9756
 email: info@cleardev.com














© copyright 2025. all rights reserved.




privacy policy
terms of use
contact










































