



saratoga arts - home








saratoga arts' mission is to enrich the region by cultivating a vibrant arts community and by ensuring that the arts are accessible to all.










 




home




support




events




education




exhibitions




opportunities and grants






log in








log in with facebook


log in with google





















remember me









forgot password







  














 
our missionsaratoga arts is your community arts center. founded in 1986 by and for artists and audiences, saratoga arts’ mission is to enrich the region by cultivating a vibrant arts community and by ensuring that the arts are accessible to all.in its 30+ years, saratoga arts has brought the arts to over 1,000,000 people through its programs and provided performing and visual artists opportunities to earn over $3,000,000 in art sales and performance fees. saratoga arts is a non-governmental, not-for-profit organization that relies on the support of our members, friends, and community.
contact us518.584.4132admin@saratoga-arts.org



who we aresaratoga arts is the community arts center located on the corner of congress park and broadway in historic downtown saratoga springs. accommodating all genres of creativity, we are home to arts education for both kids and adults in multiple studio style classroom spaces, a dedicated printshop, rehearsal and music studios, a gallery and exhibition space, a black box theater for film, music, theater, special events, a gift shop and so much more.all of our activities flow directly from our mission of making the arts accessible: we encourage and enhance public access to a full range of the arts and art modes, from traditional work by established artists and performers to contemporary work by emerging artists; we help all in the community recognize themselves as artists and explore their abilities to make art, and in our programming and approach to programming we enact that commitment; and finally, we work with other organizations in the region – arts presenters, business groups, and governmental agencies – toward our vision of a greater community that understands the powerful role the arts play in personal enrichment and community development, and the regional interconnections of all stakeholders in that vision.

 
saratoga arts kicks off building renovation and more community collaboration in 2025
saratoga arts is excited to announce the commencement of its long-awaited renovation to 320 broadway.  funding for the project comes from several sources: a capital project grant award totaling $766,000 from the new york state council for the arts (nysca), $1.1m in funds from the city of saratoga springs, as well as individual and foundation contributions. the scope of the project is to repair the building structure, including windows, roofing and draining issues as well as upgrade internal systems including hvac, power and internal wiring systems. the renovations will also improve the saratoga arts’ gallery, dee sarno theater, classrooms, and educational spaces on the lower level, as well as provide new indoor/outdoor access directly to congress park, and a patio for outdoor use. 
“the state-city-community partnership is truly remarkable and shows how strong relationships across the region are bringing about not only a renovated building, but also new resources and opportunities.  everyone involved – members, donors, board members, staff, and the community – is very excited for the next iteration of saratoga arts,” says amy bloom, executive director.  mike veitch, saratoga springs department of public works business manager, has been the point person for the renovation for the city of saratoga springs through the process.  “as a city-owned building this renovation project will ensure that saratoga arts has a beautiful facility that meets its programming needs. this is an important investment that our residents can be proud of and reinforces our commitment to support the arts," said the new dpw commissioner hank kuczynski.
while the 320 broadway location is undergoing renovation, saratoga arts is partnering with several local organizations to continue offering educational programming, holding regular meetings, and hosting other events to keep the momentum going throughout 2025.  adult classes will primarily be held in the beekman street arts district, at create community studios and at the beekman street community room behind the eden compton gallery.  "the saratoga springs arts district, inc (ssadi) is thrilled to welcome saratoga arts' students and teachers to our beekman street community.  an important part of our mission is collaborating with other arts organizations to bring together creatives from all media,” said cecilia lockwood, vice president of ssadi.  similarly, julie lewis, saratoga site director for create community studios is excited to host saratoga arts during the renovation.  “create community studios has always prioritized collaboration and partnership, working towards building community through art making and expressive outlets.”
most of saratoga arts’ kids educational programming, including summer camp, will be held at the saratoga independent school (sis).  according to bob aherns, head of school at sis, "we are thrilled to partner with saratoga arts and welcome the community to our beautiful campus for summer classes. saratoga arts’ success is essential to our broader community, and sis is proud to support its mission," said bob aherns, head of school at sis.    board and committee meetings will be held at the saratoga joinery on caroline street.  “it's wonderful to see local businesses and organizations banding together to ensure our community continues to have access to the arts opportunities that saratoga arts has provided for decades,” said tori colarusso, executive director of saratoga joinery.
saratoga arts is deeply grateful for the community-wide support from both city and regional organizations that enable the organization to continue to grow and thrive while 320 broadway undergoes renovation.  saratoga arts is looking forward to returning to its building in late 2025 and already has begun planning a reopening party and other events in 2025 and into 2026.    
the saratoga arts team
 

 


visit usour 320 broadway, saratoga springs, ny 12866 location is temporarily closed for renovations. we are holding classes at create community studios and 79 beekman st. check out our education page for upcoming classes! we have art in public places exhibitions at many local venues, see our exhibitions page for current information.staff office hours:  monday-friday 9:00 am-5:00 pm

 

 
saratoga arts staff
 

amy bloomexecutive directorabloom@saratoga-arts.orgamy bloom is an experienced leader in strategy, operations, marketing, and fundraising, and a long-time resident of saratoga springs.  amy has worked regionally as an executive at planned parenthood, hudson headwaters health network, and alliance for better health.  in 2020, she and colleagues founded and grew a local primary care organization, and then led it towards acquisition by a national health care company.  for the last several years, amy has been a management consultant solving organizational challenges and bringing about culture change in not-for-profit organizations and for-profit corporations around the country.  amy is passionate about evolving the landscape of the arts and the arts community in the capital region.
over the last 20 years, amy has also served as a board member for several arts and community organizations including: saratogaartsfest, spac action council and saratoga independent school.  amy moved to the community from boston, ma, in 2006 to raise her daughter and be close to her extended family and their summer home on lake george.   
as a long-time and dedicated teacher, amy has served on the faculty at clarkson graduate college, teaching medical students and mba students about management, marketing, and health care research, and bioethics for almost 20 years.  amy received her b.a. in philosophy from haverford college and her masters in public health (m.p.h.) from west virginia university where she focused on social epidemiology and bioethics.
when amy is not working, you can find her playing with her slightly quirky rescue dog, max. amy enjoys kayaking, cooking, reading, and spending time with her extended family and friends. 

 
               
theresa morrisonassistant directortmorrison@saratoga-arts.orgtheresa joins the team at saratoga arts from the western new york area. her creative endeavors started at an early age with a love of poetry and theater. while earning her bachelor’s degree in psychology at hilbert college, she became a published poet. her career has led her to many different work experiences and working with the sisters of st. francis of penance and christian charity at stella niagara for the last four years has given her a solid foundation for work in the non-profit sector.
in september 2022, theresa moved to the capital region to be with her partner and is still learning all the amazing things about the community of saratoga springs. in her spare time, theresa enjoys watching football and rooting for her hometown team…go bills! she participates in the art abandonment movement, painting rocks and taking photographs; as well as reading great fantasy novels.

 
             
spencer sherrygrants and community outreach coordinatorssherry@saratoga-arts.orgspencer has been a 518 resident ever since he graduated from high school in laurens, ny. always eager to experience new things (but never doing one thing for too long), he attended st. rose for music industry, suny oneonta for criminal justice, and ualbany for communications. his natural antsiness eventually led him to filmmaking, where there are unlimited stories to tell and every day is different. after a year of working as a production assistant on big budget projects in new york city, he returned upstate to produce his own work, believing that community is a better resource than locale.
fundraising and promoting has become a large part of his independent filmmaking process, and developing those creative skills led him to a vast network of capital region filmmakers, to whom he offers guidance, enthusiasm, and support as board president of the nonprofit 518 film network. his dedication to community connection led him to found and direct the saratoga film showcase in january of 2025. if he's not in his office at saratoga arts giving grants to local artists, he's probably producing a film or mysterious event, building a patio at his home in greenfield center, or eating dinner at the bar with his partner lauren.


 
           

   

ally derussoexhibitions and marketing coordinatoraderusso@saratoga-arts.orgally is a interdisciplinary artist working with printmaking, photography, and fiber arts. she holds a bfa in studio art from the college of saint rose. during her studies, she completed an internship at the center for photography at woodstock instilling a passion for non-profit based work.
prior to working at saratoga arts, she worked as a hand painted sign artist. in 2022, she was a grant recipient of an individual artist grant, part of the community regrant program supported by saratoga arts. in her free time, she is probably in her studio printing and sewing, adventuring with her dog canela, or cooking.

 


 
saratoga arts board of directors
 
allan t. weatherwax
president
research scientist, massachusetts institute of technology
tamara tepper
vice president
philanthropy consultant
mary estelle ryckmantreasurer
retired u.s. government official, office of the u.s. trade representative-executive office of the president; watercolor enthusiast
nancy sharples
secretary
retired professor of fiber arts and independent art educator 



tiina loite
retired photo editor, the new york timesping xu
founder and director of gift of ping, llc




tracy savage
non-profit fundraising consultant

ex-officio
amy bloom
executive director
 


 
2023 tax statement

2023 financial statements
 

 
saratoga arts320 broadway, saratoga springs, ny 12866p. 518.584.4132

subscribe to our email list!


















                        subscription form
                          
                      


                          *
                        
                          mandatory fields
                        















*first name












*last name












*email










 



















back













office hours: 9:00 am - 5:00 pm monday - friday 


 

saratoga arts' programs are made possible by the new york state council on the arts with the support of the office of the governor and the new york state legislature.  








powered by wild apricot membership software












