



















home - bald head island conservancy







































































































 






 

closex





































 donate









                                                    phone:                                                        1 (910) 457-0089


































 

subscribe to our newsletter
island maps
search
 










about us

mission & vision
team & leadership
life members
job openings
internship programs
executive director annual reports
smith island land trust
celebrating 40 years


our work

sea turtle protection program
village environmental services
johnston center for coastal sustainability
barrier island research


things to do

oyster month
plan a visit

island visitor info


program descriptions
program calendar
fleming environmental education center
turtle trot 5k


get involved

conservancy corner newsletter
memberships
volunteer info


ways to give

annual fund
adopt-a-turtle
sea turtle heroes
planned giving
land donation and preservation
sponsorships


shop for a cause
 
donate





































                                                                sustain, steward, support                                                            


make a gift to the bhic annual fund


donate today
















                                                                become a member                                                            


more information






















emergency wildlife response

(910)-457-0089 ext #5

















 





 












                            welcome to bald head island conservancy                    


                    discover, learn, conserve, preserve                         






the bald head island conservancy (bhic) champions the sustainability of barrier islands through environmental research and conservation stewardship of the island’s habitats and wildlife species.  bhic partners with numerous scientific organizations and universities to monitor and investigate the health of the island’s ecosystem.  the conservancy also offers a range of recreational and educational activities for the public. we welcome you to explore the bald head island conservancy’s program offerings and contribute to the conservation of this unique coastal environment. 




 







                            about the bald head island conservancy                    


                    2024 sea turtle                          protection program






the bald head island conservancy staff and its team of volunteers are dedicated to the conservation of sea turtles and their nesting habitats.  we work with numerous state and regional partners to protect these threatened and endangered species, conduct sea turtle ecology research, and engage the public about the importance of marine life.thanks to your ongoing support, the scientists at the bald head island conservancy are making significant strides in understanding how sea turtles are adapting to environmental changes. this vital information informs our protection efforts on bhi and also supports global conservation initiatives.  by contributing to the bald head island conservancy, you are helping to safeguard the future of these magnificent creatures and their habitats. join us in our mission to protect and conserve our planet’s natural resources. 






                    current stats (updated 10/10/2024) 









nests laid 






0











false crawls 






0











turtle mothers 






0











nests hatched 






0













about sea turtle protection program














 






























                            explore bald head island conservancy                    


                    tours & explorations 





bald head island offers a variety of tours and exploration opportunities for visitors. you can explore the island’s rich history by taking a guided tour of the old baldy lighthouse or by visiting the smith island museum of history. for a more adventurous experience, take a kayaking tour through the salt marshes and tidal creeks, or go on a scenic bike ride around the island’s 14 miles of trails. don’t miss the chance to witness the breathtaking sunset views from the beach or take a nature walk to spot some of the island’s unique wildlife. with so many ways to explore and experience the beauty of bald head island, it’s easy to see why it’s a favorite destination for nature enthusiasts and adventure seekers alike. 




















                                        01                                    


island nature tour
learn more








                                        02                                    


hands-on dissection
learn more








                                        03                                    


totally turtles
learn more








                                        04                                    


girls gone fishing
learn more








                                        05                                    


bald head island birding tours
learn more








                                        06                                    


nc coastal explorers – touch tank
learn more








                                        07                                    


beach patrol ride along
learn more








                                        08                                    


middle island exploration
learn more








                                        09                                    


turtle trot 5k
learn more








                                        10                                    


kids marsh crabbing & fishing
learn more








                                        11                                    


conservancy camp
learn more








                                        12                                    


kayak the creeks
learn more








                                        13                                    


reptile round up
learn more








                                        14                                    


bhi after dark
learn more




































                            bald head island breaking news                    


                    conservancy corner 
























uncategorized 14 february 2025 southeast regional sea turtle meeting, hilton head, 2025 by dr. jennifer wiggen, senior educator



top (left to right): katrina dutton, savannah weber, ali johnson, emma phillips, tiana degrande, paul hillbrand,... read more 






collaborations 14 february 2025 making art with no boundaries and dreams of wilmington by heather bariso, coastal educator

keep an eye out for our mural in the fleming environmental education center soon!
back in january, conservation technician... read more 






field guides 14 february 2025 what's that sound in the salt marsh? by joel davies, conservation technician

https://bhic.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/popping-example-trimmed.mp3

 
a public dock overlooking the salt... read more 






uncategorized 14 february 2025 save the date for the fourth annual johnston symposium local author david gessner signs copies of his books for 2024 johnston symposium guests
since 2022, the bald head island conservancy has hosted the johnston... read more 






letter from the director 23 january 2025 2024 executive director's annual report  read more 






notes from the field 15 january 2025 125th audubon christmas bird count on bald head island by dr. beth darrow, director of science

bald head island conservancy’s director of science beth darrow and coastal scientist allison polinski joined volunteers... read more 






environmental services 15 january 2025 mapping trash trends on bald head island: a community-driven approach to coastal conservation by dr. jennifer wiggen, senior educator


mary brandle and sarah powers were interns in the fall of 2024, and their intern project combined rigorous scientific... read more 






sponsor spotlights 17 december 2024 sponsor spotlight: bald head island limited bald head island limited has been a strong supporter of the bald head island conservancy since our founding in 1983, providing us with substantial financial... read more 






intern spotlight 20 november 2024 wildlife-friendly certification program interest survey kendall kelly, fall 2024 education intern

hello bald head island homeowners! i’m excited to explore the possibility of launching a wildlife-friendly... read more 






breaking news 19 november 2024 pat and dick johnston graduate fellowship in coastal sustainability at the bald head island conservancy fellowship details: 

the bald head island conservancy is now accepting applications for the 2025-26 johnston graduate fellowship in coastal sustainability.... read more 



 





conservancy corner archives




























bald head island

visitor experiences











during our vacation, we did a nature walk event with the conservancy. elle and emily (our guides) were fantastic. their knowledge of the island's history, topography and animals was extensive. they also practiced appropriate social distancing measures. it was a delight for the whole family!


jennifer, 
                                bhi conservancy visitor




an amazing place on the island, teaching us about local reptiles. with the ability to touch and feed some of the indigenous creatures.


tammy l., 
                                bhi conservancy visitor




lot of great nature classes for kids and you can sign up for a nighttime opportunity to see a turtle lay her eggs, or see baby turtles crawl to the sea just after hatching.


martin d., 
                                bhi conservancy visiitor




very serene and calm place to meditate. a nice walk in the morning with beautiful vistas and places to sit an soak in the marsh land. also a great place at dusk with a new set of colors. the board walk makes it easy for people who have walking challenges.


jon z., 
                                bhi conservancy visitor

















































location: 
                                p.o. box 3109, 700 federal rd. bald head island, north carolina 28461  ein#: 58-1574496
                            

phone: 

                                            office: (910)-457-0089
                                        


email: 

                                    info@bhic.org
                                
































hours:
monday9am - 5pmtuesday9am - 5pmwednesday9am - 5pmthursday9am - 5pmfriday9am - 5pmsaturday9am - 5pmsunday9am - 5pm

menuhome
careers & job openings
contact bald head island conservancy
privacy policy




 







































































skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



larger textlarger text 



smaller textsmaller text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset








