



sampson county register of deeds remote access site
































                           welcome to the sampson county register of deeds remote access site


					   126a w. elizabeth street
					   clinton, nc 28328
					   910-592-8026





										welcome to the new sampson county register of deeds remote access site.
										  the full system portion of the site has been modified with 
										additional features to reflect new indexing standards in north carolina.  
										please click here for detailed instructions on how to use this portion of the site. 
										(instructions)


first time user requirements
										in order to use the site to view and print images, you will need a pdf reader.  if you do not already have a pdf reader on your 
										machine, you can download a free reader from adobe at this link.
										
										  please also note disclaimer below.
									

										users will need to acknowledge the legal disclaimer below to begin searching.
									




disclaimer

				 the records on this site are unofficial records made 
				 available for informational purposes only. while every effort has been made to 
				 ensure the correctness of this information, the register of deeds 
				 makes no representation, expressed or implied, as to the authenticity, 
				 accuracy, or completeness of any record or information presented. the records 
				 and information contained herein should not be relied upon for title examination 
				 purposes. any person using this website assumes the risk of any omissions or 
				 inaccuracies contained herein. sampson county, the register of deeds and any of their respective 
				 officers, agents, and employees shall under no circumstances be liable for any actions taken or 
				 omissions made as a consequence of any user's reliance upon information contained in or omitted 
				 from this website in any manner whatsoever.  use of this site is an acknowledgement of the 
				 disclaimer contained herein and an agreement to its terms.
				 the official records of the sampson county register of deeds are located at 
				 the sampson county register of deeds office.
			




                         
                     






					acknowledge disclaimer to begin searching records
				




office hours m-f 8:00 am to 5:00 pm
land record recording hours are from 8:00 am to 4:30 pm on business days.
marriage license m-f 9:00 am to 4:00 pm.  please call for an appointment.





                           your browser or your firewall is not set up to allow cookies.  
                           this site requires that cookies be enabled.  please 
                           check your browser settings or contact your system administrator.
                        





                         
                     







                         
                     







                         
                     







anita h. lane

sampson county register of deeds












quick links for your convenience




  document recording checklist fee schedule delinquent taxes certification sheet delinquent taxes resolution assumed name form - secretary of state notary - secretary of state vital records mail in request for vital records copies  application for a birth certificate application for a death certificate application for a marriage certificate  vital records online - order and pay here marriage license requirements online marriage license application submission important note regarding the nc property notification site *new* property notification service identity theft protection act  staff contact and email address holiday schedule  














				  anita h. lane
				  


					sampson county register of deeds
					(910)592-8026
					
					physical address:
					sampson county courthouse
					126-a west elizabeth street
					clinton, nc 28328
					8:00am - 5:00pm mon - fri








      retrieval system provided by:
      logan systems, inc.
      4003 clifton rd
      greensboro, nc 27407    
   



