






 
















  the definitive guide to travel and tourism for southwest florida including golf, fishing, dining, attractions, shopping, fort myers, bonita springs, sanibel island, boca grande, punta gorda, pine island, cape coral, fort myers beach, port charlotte, capti - flguide











 











×












flguide
×

news

swfl news
florida headlines


attractions

beaches
fishing, fishing charters and boating
local wildlife
major attractions
parks
sporting events
theatre, galleries & museums
yacht clubs & marinas


area info

boca grande
bonita springs
cape coral
captiva island
daytrips
fort myers
fort myers beach
north fort myers
pine island / matlacha
port charlotte / punta gorda
sanibel island


events
visitor’s  guide
facebook
twitter
 














 



store

news
attractions
area info
events
visitors guide










area info
sanibel





note: hurricanes helene and milton had varying impacts on sanibel, captiva and all lee county’s barrier islands. before planning a visit, please check to make sure your destination is open and/or operating on a limited schedule. 

stunning sunrises and sunsets, beautiful white beaches perfect for swimming, diving or snorkeling the gulf of mexico's warm waters, a vast assortment of shells and endless shared use paths for exercise continue to draw visitors to sanibel as the recovery from hurricane ian pushes forward for the beloved and popular restaurants, art galleries, resorts and ...






captiva





fort myers





day trips








 


 
 


events










announcing gulf coast writers association monthly program – editing overview and workshop set for feb. 15







reptiday ft. myers to be held march 1







bill gaiter kicks off 2025 'love like i'm leaving' tour







tickets available to hear olympian michael phelps at the kids’ minds matter 2025 signature gala







veterans park recreation center to host community health fair feb. 8







community cooperative announces 22nd annual sam galloway, jr. & friends soup kitchen benefit menu







jesus christ superstar to open feb. 28 at the laboratory theater of florida







edison and ford winter estates to host annual spring garden festival feb. 8-9







lee health announces free community health fair on jan. 18







imani winds and boston brass to perform at barbara mann hall feb. 12











introduction to sw florida




welcome to beautiful southwest florida!



beaches

 9 florida beaches voted among america’s 100 top secret beaches


cayo costa


beaches at a glance


bonita springs/estero



major attractions




new this year!


shell factory survives, thrives


she’s a keeper: shell factory nature park director responsible for close to 400 animals


wonder gardens offers enhanced experiences for guests











poll

what is your reason for visiting florida?beachesweatherretirementfamilyfishingresultsvote 

fishing, fishing charters and boating







on the water: fishing during the hot month of august


what a catch! captain dave’s fishing report



parks






lee county parks


new shellcast episode visits manatee park


mound key


cape coral parks



theatre, galleries & museums






port boca grande lighthouse


visit the mound house


big arts


the herb strauss schoolhouse theater








news
attractions
area info
events
 copyright © flguide | https://www.flguide.com | 2510 del prado blvd., cape coral, fl 33904 | 239-574-1110 | ogden newspapers | the nutting company























