








home - prestige events


















































skip to content







 
 




about
events

weddings
concert and festivals
corporate events
private parties
outdoor dining spaces and parklets
community events
custom temporary structures
marquee event spaces


community
contact
 




 








home 









 











 
















 










 



the full service event hire company bringing bold visions to life. 



you bring the brief and blank canvas. we’ll bring the quality equipment and brilliant execution.  



 when you’re looking for an event hire company, you want to tick three main boxes. exceptional quality. extensive range. expert knowledge and support. 
with us, a large range of high quality products is a given. it’s our attention to detail and investment in your vision that makes the end result extra special.
where others see boundaries, we see opportunities. we are continuously designing and sourcing new products to inspire and delight you. from our magnificent marquees to our bespoke furniture, our goal is to help you create a show stopping space that is everything you imagined and a whole lot more. 






why us?



















 



 



“a truly amazing company that takes your simple ideas and turns them into a grand affair. nothing was too much trouble and everything exceeded our expectations. the prestige team worked overtime to make our wedding a one of a kind celebration on new year’s eve. from the outdoor dance floor under festoon lights to a blue led lit marquee, each and every detail was created to ensure a magical night.” 



– brooke 



 












 




weddings 








 




concerts and festivals 








 




corporate events 












 




private parties 








 




outdoor dining spaces and parklets 








 




community events 












 




custom temporary structures 








 




marquee event spaces  























we’ve built beautiful spaces (and great relationships) with these happy clients  







 







 







 







 







 







 















ready to turn your event vision into a remarkable reality? 



it all starts with a conversation. give us a call to talk through your upcoming event and we’ll provide you with options to suit your site and budget. once you’ve selected your set-up, our behind-the-scenes magic-makers will ensure everything comes together seamlessly. 






start creating
















 


















 



servicing all of regional victoria, metro melbourne and brisbane.we acknowledge the traditional owners of the land on which we work and live. we pay respect to elders, past, present and emerging and celebrate their stories, culture and traditions. 







let’s create together. your vision.our equipment and expertise. 



send us your event details >> 



1300 73 44 73   |   info@prestigeevents.com.au 



 


instagram
 



facebook
 










 



 



 










  






















