


an honorary spanish diva, i am

















an honorary spanish diva, i am



 


 


 
 
				 

 
 

about me

name:  musicbeing 

view my complete profile

  
previous posts


experiencia religiosa
whooaaa
beesee..
life has been good to me so far. i think each day ...
i saw you walking with the gay boys..
so far away
episode iv - a new hope
the end of this cycle
watch out cuz here we come.
the end of the year



 
archives


october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008

 
links



downloads
technology news
templates
web hosting
articles
games
blogger
google



 







 

thursday, march 27, 2008


experiencia religiosa

i find it amazing that enrique iglesias has had a solid career for 13 years now in the spanish world.  he has one of the most untangible voices in pop music, up there with paula abdul and madonna....yet all his hits in spanish are ballads!i really don't understand it. how can someone with such a lack of vocal technique appeal to people with love songs??? what do people find appealing about it? even fucking paulina rubio and thalia, who have the thinnest voices in pop, can carry a ballad to the end at least.so on that note...about his recent "best of" cd. i find it curious how it supposedly covers his number ones of the last 13 years...yet apart from his new songs his last hit included here is from 2002 hee hee. he ignored the spanish versions of his english "hits" off his last albums.


posted by musicbeing at 1:21 am
4 comments
 






monday, march 24, 2008


whooaaa

one whole month without writing!! i feel so..dissatached! it's not like i haven't felt the branwaves of communication but shit happens and you get caught up. i think my other blog has kept me busy too but even then this week i havent written on that too.so what has been up with me? the same old. i've been working a little more than usual, getting closer to 40 hrs a week. so as a result, i have actually had money to live off :) it's been nice! these last 2 weeks i've gone out more than often, i feel like a normal, ordinary working adult. it's been nice. i guess i should be really frugal and hold on to the extra money, see if it grows on me but i have seriously lived frugally for the last...3 years of my lkife. i need to releaser the tight noose of life every now and then and i am glad that the lord has blessed me with enough to live.i haven't signed on to myspace in a while, but let me formally announce to all the peeps who still read this blog (and i love each one of you *kiss*) that my birthday is coming up soon..and i am doing something on the weekend before. so on saturday april 19, 2008, we will be celebrating my 2-6 killer (thats a chicago inside joke) birthday at a fun mexican restaurant by my place where karaoke and margaritas will be there :) i never do anything for my birthday as i never see a big deal. but after the year i had in 2007, i feel like celebrating my current state. so fuck yeah, drink on!so you peeps who know me personally shalt get a myspace invite (i've also neglected said website in a while as well).muah! les quiero!


posted by musicbeing at 3:08 pm
2 comments
 






wednesday, february 20, 2008


beesee..

hey folks.happy black history month! hope you are all out learning new things about our african-origined brothers.  as for me, i've been up to the same old. waiting patiently for my tax return. i'm holding on to the extra money, for whatever reason my refund was bigger than normal. maybe my unemployment helped? i dunno the reasoning but i'm not arguing it. but i am however going to finally enter the 2000's and buy me an ipod :) . i have no issues listening to good ole cd's, but the reality is that times are changing and realistically it's getting harder and harder to go somewhere and buy a cd you're looking for that's not a top 40 album u can find at target. and our society nowadays listens to music through the computer as a primary source now so i have to evolve with the times and buy an ipod as i too listen to most of my "new" music thru the computer. that isn't to say i don't still buy cd's, shit i even still buy vinyl! but the times they are-a-becoming-quite-different. i was looking into the different mp3 players and for macs really they don't seem to make alot of options for them. most of the "lesser" mp3 players are pc only and even though zunes (the microsoft attempt at the ipod market) are mac friendly now, they are not that much cheaper than an ipod. so why get a  bootleg ipod when for 50.00 more i can buy a real one?so that's that. the other thing that's been keeping me busy is my new music blog!. this is something that i have been meaning to do for the longest time. it's an all-spanish blog dedicated to all my flop artists or flop albums that the public either missed or were oblivious to at the times of their release. so my blog celebrates the good music (at least in my opinion) that deserves a shot. sorry to my spanish-impaired readers who cannot understand what's written there, but it basically states "where you'll find careers or certain projects that you never knew!".


posted by musicbeing at 12:56 am
2 comments
 






thursday, february 07, 2008



life has been good to me so far. i think each day i live is a new adventure. and while alot of people may not consider my life very adventurous, i myself enjoy every minute of it because nothing is ever constant with me. i hesitate to use the word "wrong" when describing something is never in balance with the rest of the things going on in my life. that is if i'm extremely happy something happens to remind me i'm mortal...if i'm extremely poor something comes along that's only temporary but cannot do it because of money...if i'm so sad everyone else around me is so happy. each day is a different scenario to me with a different issue, so i never get bored of my life. and i love it! in the imperfections and imbalances of life i find a reason to continue for in the end a cloudy rainstorm is needed to enrich the garden.


posted by musicbeing at 3:23 am
3 comments
 






tuesday, january 29, 2008


i saw you walking with the gay boys..

hey folks.   you've probably been wondering where i've been. i've just been quiet. it's been a pretty hectic 2 weeks. many different things, many different emotions. i'm sure you're no stranger to it. especially coming from me hahaha. it's been pretty interesting but otherwise nothing has changed. i was single for at least 2 hours not too long ago but for now i've decided to stay in my relationship as when you really love something, you can never give up on it. and as long as 2 people aren't making life impossible to live for one another then there's still hope. on another unrelated note, i've been singing this song incessantly. i've been on a new wave kick lately and listening to alot of my old compilations/mixes i had. because ever since the age of 12 (1994) i have been a hardcore 80's boy. i was into the 80's when it was just too soon to be retro and was merely being "old and dated". hahaha. but this song is hot. hilarious, offensive and controversial but hilariousenjoy!


posted by musicbeing at 1:16 am
0 comments
 






friday, january 11, 2008


so far away

hello :)thank you all for stopping by :) i've been meaning to stop by and chat. but you all know how life can be at times. everything can seem so far away when relatively close. like this song saysso what has been going on with me? nothing other than working and managing life and its cost to live :) seriously that's my new year's resolution: manage funds better! i've always prided myself in knowing how to make what little bit of money i have last and prioritizing. but this year i don't want to survive, i want to live! so i have to figure out what i need to do and how to go about it. i needs to feed me and my baby.the other part to my plan of managing money is based on something i have talked about before.  i want a new pet :) i think chussy fruit needs a friend. i want him to have another dog to play with and learn to be around them. but they are expensive so i need to get it together. i so wish pets were tax deductible, it's so retarded as they technically are dependents. i say anything that requires medical attention is legally a person and a dependent. but by law pets are seen as luxuries. so silly. we need to change that but what can we expect, our society doesn't want to acknowledge same sex civil unions, how can i expect any sort of plausible law that recognizes pets as members of the family?oh well. i shall continue on the journey. i don't know whats in store for me but i look forward :)toodles!!


posted by musicbeing at 10:19 pm
0 comments
 






thursday, january 03, 2008


episode iv - a new hope

happy new year gents!!!i've been off enjoying myself for this past week. i havent worked since the 29th but i went back today. i feel like my xmas break is over now. oh well.how was your shindigs this year? mine was fun even though i did not get drunk! that was my plan for the night but it just didn't happen! earlier that day i had indian buffet, perhaps that fod swallowed all my buzz? either way, i had fun being silly at a house party and such and such.i am so looking forward to 2008. seriously. i feel that perhaps i can have a full year of knowing where i will be, having a somewhat stead income, going to work daily and also venture out into other areas. the world is my oyster and i demand on not letting the damn thing go bad, i'm keeping this oyster fresh! eeeew....fish reference. oh sorry, crustacea.anywho folks, thanks for reading and stay tuned!!


posted by musicbeing at 1:02 pm
1 comments
 








 


 


 



copyright © 2006 designed by
	
finalsense
 

