





dr 1 more step :: home




















dr1morestep.com 















home


about


search


 







dr1morestep.com
dr1morestep.com
doctors, the difference between the winners and the losers?
one more step!
dr. john donofrio b.s., d.c., dabcn, facfn was an established and well respected doctor, educator and consultant. we will all miss him but never forget how he touched our lives and the lives of out patients.  
he had identified, established and implemented the most appropriate, effective and least invasive protocols for restoring and and sustaining health and balance within patients. he has ongoing clinical research supporting the development of his methods and his seminar series for health professionals around the world on natural health care protocols .
dr. donofrio was an active health professional for almost 30 years. he had distinguished himself in the areas of natural health care, chiropractic neurology, international lecturing, teaching and music. he is the president of the american chiropractic neurology board.
dr. donofrio had a successful practice in pennsylvania where he and his team utilize chiropractic neurology, nutrition, erchonia low level cold light laser therapy and detoxification programs to help people heal and grow. over 90% of his patient base travel from around the world to utilize his treatment plans.
thank you.  register now! select location and secure you spot! see detailed logistics below.
 
  
select y-files:  
nov 11-12 atlanta, ga

 
amount:
$350.00-doctor registration
$325.00-student/spouse/ca registration

 


name:*


address: *


city:* state: 
alabama
alaska
american samoa
arizona
arkansas
california
colorado
connecticut
delaware
district of columbia
federated states of micronesia
florida
georgia
guam
hawaii
idaho
illinois
indiana
iowa
kansas
kentucky
louisiana
maine
marshall islands
maryland
massachusetts
michigan
minnesota
mississippi
missouri
montana
nebraska
nevada
new hampshire
new jersey
new mexico
new york
north carolina
north dakota
northern mariana islands
ohio
oklahoma
oregon
pennsylvania
puerto rico
rhode island
south carolina
south dakota
tennessee
texas
utah
vermont
virginia
virgin islands, u.s.
washington
west virginia
wisconsin
wyoming
armed forces the americas
armed forces europe
armed forces pacific
*


zip code: *  phone: *


email address: *


chiropractic college:*

 
 
this will open a secure paypal payment window to process your payment using a visa or master card 
 

y-file locations:

atlanta, ga (marietta)
nov.11,2017 sat.7:45 am-5;30pm
nov.12,2017 sun.8 am-12pm
 
wyndham atlanta galleria

 6345 powers ferry rd., atlanta, ga 30339


san francisco bay area (union city)
12 hours of ce credits
crowne plaza
32083 alvarado-niles rd union city, ca 94587 510-498-2200

daytona beach, fl
12 hours of ce credits
 
the plaza resort and spa
600 north atlantic ave
daytona beach fl. 32118
tel: 844-284-2685

 dallas, texas 
best western dallas hotel & conference center
located in dallas at 8051 lyndon b johnson freeway,
dallas, texas, 75251-1301
  
wyndham hotel 
crowne plaza union city 
plaza resort and hotel daytona beach, 
best western hotel 
  comments


				posted by				
					admin				 
				on				
					nov 3rd, 2017				

			we love you dr. john!  you'll be missed and we'll do our best to carry on your healing skills.    
you must be logged in to leave a reply. login »








topics covered at the y-files:immune support for the flu season; cardiovascular health (review physiology and pathology); blood pressure; cholesterol (myths about alleged evils of cholesterol); fatty acids; metabolic syndrome; osteoporosis; diet, exercise and lifestyle; detoxification; vaccinations (history, principles, effectiveness, adverse effects, statistics on vaccine safety); supplements to improve immune response; adrenal recovery; stress and hormone balance; pms; depression; endometriosis; chronic fatigue; uterine fibroids; weight gain/loss; side effects of drugs; allergies; arthritis; asthma; autism; cancer; diabetes; digestive health; fibromylgia; supplements; artificial sweeteners; insomnia; usage of soy products; sunlight/vitamin d; thyroid issues; psorias; alzheimers; sexual health; environmental issues; gmo’s
specialized protocols will be given and patient education handouts includedtestimonials
dear dr donofrio
this is the most life changing seminar i have ever attended!!! my life has been changed forever. the information provided along with the protocols given, have changed more lives then you can ever imagine!!!  i am a seminar enthusiast , i have been to over 125 seminars and by far this was the best!!!  thanks for all you do for the profession and humanity.i will reccomend the y-files to all students and doctors .
dr david johnson
 
"we as students and future doctors are so fortunate to have someone as brilliant and passionate for the betterment of mankind as you are in our lives. 
roger borbon d.c., c.c.c.n.
 
dr. john 
i just wanted to take a minute to tell you how much i appreciate you coming to our school. i've been to many seminars including 5 gonstead seminars but this was the best one to date. at every seminar i attend i measure it's quality by how much it motivates me or educates me. you gentlemen overwhelmed me with useful information and most of all got me really fired up. i am looking forward to seeing you again soon!! i heard you might be coming to dallas next month. if so, i will be there!! i have the y-files website in my favorites and will be checking it periodically for the next seminar date.
thanks again,
walter hickman
 
dear dr. donofrio 
i went to the y-files seminar because a few of my peers recommended it to me.  the only thing they told me was, that i would have a whole new perspective on disease and disease processes.  as a student on a budget, i was telling people i was going to a seminar that i had no clue about but it cost $200.  they all kind of laughed and thought i was stupid for doing that.  however, the seminar was incredible.  i have a new perspective on how to "treat" patients and actually make sick people well.  the knowledge that i received this weekend will last me a lifetime.  i always felt comfortable expressing my views and all questions were answered thoroughly.  you both were extremely helpful in the hands on portion making sure either everyone got either adjusted or helped with the adjusting. i am definitely recommending this seminar to everyone i know who can benefit from the knowledge i gained this weekend.  thanks for all you help and i feel proud to be a member of the y-file family.
adam g.
for the safety and well-being of your patients, it should be mandatory to attend a y-files seminar. dr. donofrio's y-files fills in many of the gaps left by your chiropractic education. i guarantee the information you receive will increase your referrals and save at least one life in your practice. so what is a weekend? sign up now!!!! 
jason beck, d.c. thanks dr. d.!!!
  christopher m. mcdaniel, d.c.











|   © 2025 dr 1 more step.
			  |  
			powered by concrete5   |  
            					sign in to edit this site
			 |

design by nodethirtythree design









 