




the dickens family – the baby boomer 





































toggle navigation










home
 


avoiding stress as the mother of a newborn

 posted by jocelyn nieves on august 3, 2017 


taking care of a newborn baby is an unforgettable life experience for various reasons. one is, of course, the joy of being able to be with your child, enjoying his smiles and interactions with you and other outside stimuli. the other reason, which is not as pleasant, is the fact that you will be quite stressed out during this specific time period. an infant requires constant care, as well as a watchful eye to ensure that he develops into a healthy child with the passing of time.
at times, the stress can become really unbearable though. as you already know, excessive stress (no matter what it may cause it) can only do harmful things to you and your body. furthermore, becoming sick and tired is the last thing you want when there is a baby who is completely dependent on you for the first year of his or her life. due to this reason alone, you should take a good approach to maintain your health in good condition, as well as some ways to effectively reduce at least some of the stress you may experiencing.

look after your body – never neglect taking care of your body. maintain your regular eating habits, bathe as often as you did in the past and get some rest. the latter can be really hard for some mothers due to the babies constantly waking up in the middle of the night, so try to work out a good resting schedule with your partner. you may even consider a baby sleep therapy to ensure that your baby sleeps for longer periods of time without waking up.
relieve yourself of some responsibilities – you are a human, which means that there is a limit to the things you can do in one day. as your newborn is now the focus of all of your attention, you may want to let go of some of your duties and domestic work, such as meal preparation or cleaning. you can opt to go for easier to prepare meals, less frequent clean-ups or have some of the other family members do the work in your place
consult professionals – if there is anything wrong with your baby that is beyond your knowledge, taking him or her to the doctor is the best course of action. remember, a baby is delicate and very susceptible to ailments and other unfavourable conditions, and you need to act fast enough to avoid further inconveniences. other professionals you may useful to consult are a baby sleep specialist, a healthcare provider (for your own health) and a midwife for help with breastfeeding. click here for more info on baby sleep specialist.
take a walk – sometimes, going outdoor for a walk is just what you (and your baby) need to loosen up your mood. a breath of fresh air can work wonders, even if you may think otherwise at first. also, you don’t have to go anywhere far or walk for more than a few hours: even as little as ten minutes spent outside every day can make a world of a difference.













the dickens family

the baby boomer 








© 2025, powered by wordpress. designed by hoothemes.









we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.ok



