






center for health progress













































skip to content
find out how you can fund the movement for justice.

center for health progress





connect on twitter
connect on facebook
connect on youtube
who we are

timeline
staff
our leaders
board members


our organizing

mission and vision
political strategy
three faces of power
our campaigns


latest

blog
news
video
webinar


get involved

our campaigns
ways to fuel the movement
contact


donate
en
es
 





we can’t let lobbyists and greedy corporations direct our future.
we know what’s at stake for us, our families, and our communities. will you support our organizing with a $25/month donation?
donate now 





activecampaigns
view allcare not courtsuchealth, one of the most influential nonprofit health care systems in colorado, is suing people for medical bills they can’t afford. we’re fighting back–health care workers and patients, united to demand that uchealth put people over their their massive profits.take action care not courtspueblo’s health, pueblo’s wealthnon-profit hospitals don’t have to pay taxes. but they’re required by law to put those savings back into our communities. without community accountability, they are doing what’s best for them, not what’s best for us. people in pueblo are fighting for community control over community dollars.take action pueblo’s health, pueblo’s wealthprotect immigrant healthour leaders in fort morgan are fighting to protect health insurance coverage for immigrants in colorado because whether we are a native or newcomer, we all deserve health care.take action protect immigrant healthcare over costhealth insurance corporations deny our claims or use prior authorization denials so they can avoid paying for our care. we’re fighting back with other organizations across the country to expose their scheme, win justice for people now, and demand reform.take action care over cost 




three facesof power
at center for health progress, we think about power in three distinct, interconnected faces that guide our strategy and actions.

power to win demandspower to drive the agendapower to shape the story 


 
our fight, our future: the century long fight for health care
our journey through the history of health care reform is a testament to the power of collective action. from the foundational efforts of mutual aid societies to the groundbreaking activism of the black panther party and the young lords, this timeline is not just a reflection of the past but a guide for our path forward.
as we confront ongoing challenges and industry opposition, the importance of our solidarity has never been clearer.
view timeline 



gold box progress
        

red box setbacks
        


2018formation of the partnership for america’s health care futureindustry mobilizes against reform: this coalition of health care industry groups forms to oppose medicare for all and other reforms, showcasing organized resistance to systemic change.2020health insurance affordability enterprisesb20-215 passes in colorado creating the first of it’s kind subsidy program that makes health insurance more affordable for undocumented immigrants, overcoming industry barriers to expand health care access.2021colorado option legislation passedhb21-1232: the colorado option plan is passes despite record lobbying led by the partnership for america’s health care future. while it failed to create a true public option, it created first-in-the-nation provisions around health equity and made the plan available to all coloradans including undocumented immigrants, reflecting a partial victory.2022cover all coloradans legislationcenter for health progress leads hb22-1289 to expand medicaid and chp+ to all children and pregnant people in colorado who meet the program income requirements regardless of immigration status, a success in expanding coverage despite industry opposition.2022do no harm group founded to oppose equity in healthin 2022, a retired physician founded the organization do no harm to challenge gender-affirming care and efforts to increase diversity in medical programs. the group says it was founded to “[protect] patients and physicians from woke healthcare.” 
 






 






fight for a healthcare system that works. 
$30
$50
$100
$500
$1,000
other








who we are
our organizing
latest
get involved
donate
en
es
connect on twitter
connect on facebook
connect on youtube


denver1035 osage street
denver, colorado 80204fort morgan324 e. railroad avenue #100b
fort morgan, colorado 80701pueblo710 west 4th street suite e
pueblo, colorado 81004 © 2024 center for health progress
weare@centerforhealthprogress.org 


contact
terms of use & privacy policy



produced by















 

















