








home - smooth jazz vibes





































skip to content






 


home
blog


concert photography
 









 




home
blog


concert photography
searchsearchrecent postsangela bofill – songstress of “angel of the night”, “under the moon and over the sky”, “children of the world united” and more:  honoring the legacy of angela bofill’s music and life.
algarve smooth jazz festival 2024
berks jazz festival 2024
algarve smooth jazz festival 2023
welcome to smooth jazz vibes
recent commentsno comments to show.






welcome to “smooth jazz vibes”, a site dedicated to a musical genre called “smooth jazz”. the site was founded in 1996 and must be among the oldest sites dedicated to this kind of music.
at the moment, i only post occasionally, so have a look at the “recent posts” category to see what’s new.

have also a look at my concert photography page. i post images of shows i went to, free to use for anybody, just give me credit in case you use one of my images.
since i left all social media, the only way to reach me is by e-mail at pboehi@boehi.ch
my main project currently is my webradio called swissgroove which not only plays smooth jazz, but also a wide variety of music styles ranging from straight ahead jazz to funk and latin. it adresses the discriminating listener who is constantly looking for interesting new music from across the globe. we are deliberately steering away from the blandness of other stations (no “musical wallpaper”).
and for those interested into my general photography, check out my flickr stream, i am an avid mountaineer as well.
thanks for visiting my site.
peter böhi
may 17, 2024


consectetur













search


 search


		search for:	

about this site site dedicated to smooth jazz, be it concert reviews or other related information. run by peter böhi.

categories

concert reviews

uncategorized


find us address
trogenerstr. 20
9450 altstaetten
switzerland
e-mail
pboehi@boehi.ch

 






			© 2025 - all rights reserved		








 search


		search for:	







			go to top		









