





 michigan trophy whitetail hunts, large whitetail deer trophy buck hunting in bitely, mi - big whitetail deer, hunting lodge

































231 745 8000







menu


home
about us
facilities

the lodge
wildlife center
the studio


the grounds

news/blog


the hunts


presidential whitetail hunt 
rut hunt
post rut hunt
turkey hunts
special youth challenge hunt
purple heart hunt


testimonials
gallery


2023 presidential hunts


2023 rut hunts


2023 post rut hunts


2022 presidential hunts


2022 rut hunts


2022 post rut hunts


previous years hunts


camp life


the ranch


the lodge


the wildlife center



video gallery



corporate groups
contact us

contact us
getting here

































































































welcome to legends ranch!

                  the ultimate hunting destination for those seeking that unique combination of premier whitetail trophies, beautiful pastures and wooded terrain, and a devoted team of professionals with the experience to deliver a flawless hunt
                













                why hunt at legends ranch?
              






 


            welcome to legends ranch
          

           legends ranch offers all the modern world comforts, along with the character and warmth that can only be felt in our northern rustic themed lodge. accompanied by the hospitality of our dedicated chef and crew, to ensure that your stay is one to be remembered. 
          

            hunt your dream whitetail on one of our world-class presidential hunts where you will have your choice of numerous 200 plus inch trophies, while enjoying the company of fellow whitetail enthusiasts and the legends' passion for that perfect hunt.
          







            we invite you to explore our website to learn about the variety of whitetail hunting experiences that we offer and to enjoy the photos of camp life and the grounds. legends will offer you that perfect experience ranging from our premium presidential hunts, to our action-filled rut hunts, or our special manager's hunts. we will share with you all that legends ranch represents, with the goal that you will experience what brings other clients back year after year.
          

            we look forward to hosting you here at legends ranch.
          







information request form
contact us for details and rates on booking your hunting adventure

name *



email *



phone 



address



city



state



zip



message *




i consent to having legendsranch.com store my submitted information so they can respond to my inquiry.




























(231) 745-8000
legends@legendsranch.com
getting here




contactthis outfitter










(231) 745-8000

price sheet

our brochure
great lakes doe challenge






     copyright © 2025 legends ranch. all rights reserved.
    


     site designed by fish and hunt usa











