





























big kahuna tiki huts











































skip to the content



 fl license #cbc1259971

 





 






 
search



big kahuna tiki huts




 
menu






home
about
our portfolio
testimonials
contact us







call us today1-877-249-4038

 








			search for:		






					close search				
 









close menu
 


home
about
our portfolio
testimonials
contact us




















time to relax in style!
commercial & residential – tiki huts, bars, rethatch, tiki repairs & more architectural & 3d rendering services – seminole exempt – fully insured



get a quote!


proudly serving florida & surrounding areas!














































want to see more beautiful tiki huts & bars?
view portfolio


 


let our design team work with you to achieve a “tropical tiki dream”!
we have been serving all of florida for many years, we are the premier builder of quality custom tiki huts and tiki bars we do new construction, repairs and rethatching for both commercial and residential, no job is too small or too big for our professionals.
let us sit down with you and help you design your dreams. we have built many custom tiki huts and tiki bars over the years and can show you ideas you have never dreamed of before. let us present you with our 16″ x 20″ photo portfolio of some of our awesome work! each tiki hut and tiki bar we build are custom built for each of our clients, no two are alike. we have many options that other tiki hut builders never dreamed of.
we can build tiki huts, tiki huts with a cupola, single pole tiki huts, tiki breezeways, tiki awnings, tiki leanto’s, tiki bandstands, tiki checkout counters, and we have even built a tiki village. we can build all different sizes and shapes of tiki huts! all of our tiki huts are built using hand selected florida native cypress poles. the solid cypress poles have been hewn to a smooth blonde finish. your cypress posts can have different options like hand-carved custom designs into the tiki cypress posts. we have a master carver that can custom design what you want carved into the posts. we can also offer the cypress posts hand-carved to look like bamboo.
the thatched roofs are made from fresh cut florida palm fronds. our thatched roofs are wind and rain resistant and allow hot air to escape providing a cool shaded space under our tiki huts. if you have a tiki hut, it is probably an important fixture in your yard. if yours ever becomes damaged, big kahuna tiki huts, palmhuts.com, is there to help you out! we have the best tiki roof repair team in the state of florida. our specialists are incredibly talented and can fix any damage you may encounter. we can replace any damage to your wood structure, remove your old palm fronds, haul them away, and rethatch your tiki hut with fresh cut florida palm fronds. our work has been passed down over years of tried and true design to provide years of relaxation and enjoyment!
our custom tiki bars are custom built to your design needs. we build all different sizes and shapes, bamboo front, cypress front, half-round cypress on bar countertop, cypress footrest, drink rails, cabinets, cut-outs for sinks, etc. let us help you design a tiki bar or outdoor kitchen and fireplace that will create a new outdoor living space for years of enjoyment!
partial client list: ritz carlton hotels, turnberry isle resorts, hyatt resorts, wyndham resorts, crowne plaza hotels, holiday inn, radisson hotels, casino ship terminals, government facilities, florida international university, collier county museum, town of ft. myers, city of naples, convention centers, marinas, condominium associations, retirement communities, private schools, country clubs, restaurants, multi-million dollar homes. featured on “extreme home makeovers”, and many, many residential homes and commercial jobs!
go green! with eco-friendly tiki construction. yes, we serve all of florida, with offices in several cities!!!!














































 








the crew was great. super fast.  they did a great job. final tiki was far beyond what we had expected.  we love it!






travis & lara h.
st. petersburg, fl





i just wanted you to know what a fantastic job your crew did. the new tops look amazing. call us if you ever need references you can count.






sally c. – gulf & bay club
sarasota, fl





great people to work with. very speedy, clean and accurate. i would definitely use you again.  thanks!






sondra & tommy l.
cape canaveral, fl





you have very hard workers.  they are very courteous and respectful.  they cleaned up job very well.






sylvain v.
lake worth, fl





dustin and james were awesome. did a beautiful job. they worked hard and took pride in their work. a+++!!!






marie l.
melbourne, fl





the villages workers have consistently been professional. i can’t see the finished thatching in the dark tonight but have no reason to believe that it is any less beautiful than the rest of the project. we are thrilled.






edie & dennis e.
florida















 

 big kahuna tiki huts, inc. © 2021 – all rights reserved – licensed & insured florida contractors license # cbc1259971 

 





 





















