







 
skinhead nation - the story of the skinheads | history archive






the skinhead cult is a very different animal to that
			 portrayed in newspaper headlines. skinhead nation takes you on a journey
			 through the back streets of the uk, america and europe to hear the skinheads'
			 own story.








skinhead nation history





skinhead nation
the truth about the skinhead
				cult part oneskinhead nation - the
			 big apple bites backa day in the life of the
			 skinheads of new yorkpart
			 twoskinhead
			 nation - among the mugsthe media and skinheads
			 - ignorance really is the mother of prejudice when it comes to journalists and
			 our cultpart threeskinhead nation
			 - bring back the skinsthe origins and history of
			 the skinhead cult from the late sixties to early
			 seventiespart fourskinhead
			 nation - no mean citythe story of the spy kids
			 skinhead crew from glasgow in the ukpart fiveskinhead nation - here comes johnny
			 reggaeskinhead fashion and style from the original
			 skinhead clothing to today's skinhead cultpart sixskinhead nation - violence in our
			 mindsthe story of the tilbury trojan skins, a
			 skinhead gang from essex, englandpart sevenskinhead nation - ghost
			 townthe skinhead cult and the extreme
			 rightpart eightskinhead nation -
			 neither red or racistthe story of the
			 non-racist skinhead scene in oslo, norwaypart nineskinhead nation - one law for
			 themthe truth about oi! music,
			 the southall riot and morepart
			 tenskinhead nation - tougher
			 than toughskinhead violence and
			 aggropart elevenskinhead nation
			 - no one likes usthe story of the anti-racist and
			 non-poltical skinheads of berlin, germanypart twelveskinhead nation - us and
			 themthe divided nation that is the skinhead cult
			 todaythe book version of
			 skinhead nation is not currently available, but you can buy other skinhead and
			 youth cult books online and by post from www.stpublishing.com in the
			 uk.
this site is an archived history webiste that shows the rise of the right wing social groups. it in no way insight violence or racism in any way and it to be used as a historical reminder of times gone by
as a lot
		      of people reading this will already know, the first book published by s.t.
		      publishing was spirit of ‘69 - a skinhead bible back in
		      1991. originally, a mainstream publisher in london, uk, was going to release
		      it, but after a few months of pissing me about, i decided to do it myself. at
		      the time, i knew sweet fanny adams about the publishing game, but it’s
		      amazing what you can achieve when a lorry turns up at your front door with a
		      mountain of books and you know every last penny you have (and then some) is
		      riding on the fact that you can shift them. i wrote spirit of
	          ‘69 - a skinhead bible not because i think i’m some sort of
		      expert on skinheads, but because i passionately believed that the history of
		      the cult, warts and all, had to be written from the inside. before spirit of
	          ‘69, there had only ever been one skinhead book that sought to act as
		      a guide to the skinhead cult - nick knight’s skinhead
		      (omnibus press). first published in 1982, it was largely meant as a vehicle for
		      photographer nick knight’s skinhead portraits, but was padded out with a
		      few pages on skinhead origins, music, dress, behaviour and the like. what
		      really makes it worth having though is the section on fashion by jim ferguson,
		      something that to this day is held in very high regard by skinheads all over
		      the world, and particularly by those who choose to dress in the original
		      skinhead style. otherwise, the book was and is very much an outsider’s
		      view of the cult, something that is underlined by the patronising mix of
		      sociology theory and tabloid-based drivel. the idea behind spirit of
	          ‘69 was to offer a view of the cult from within, and one so detailed
		      that it would stand proud amidst the reams and reams of complete nonsense that
		      have been written about skinheads over the years. the end result was a book
		      that covered the history of the cult and its music from the late sixties to the
		      present day, and one that celebrated the skinhead way of life without dodging
		      any issues or pulling any punches. it isn’t perfect, but is now
		      acknowledged as the most accurate guide to the cult currently available, and
		      certainly comes far closer to the truth than countless newspaper headlines have
		      ever done.
skinhead nation is in many ways both a
		      companion to spirit of ‘69 and an opportunity to concentrate more
		      on the individuals that make up the cult, rather than the events and music that
		      have shaped its history. the hope is that this website will show skinheads as
		      the individuals they are, and celebrate the skinhead cult as it was in various
		      parts of the world in the mid 1990s. like spirit of ‘69,
		      skinhead nation is far from a complete guide to the skinhead
		      way of life and it’s not perfect, but again i’ve done my best, and if
		      just one person reads this and walks away with a better understanding of the
		      skinhead cult then it has been worth doing. like any other group within
		      society, the skinhead cult is made up of individuals. all of them share certain
		      things in common or else they wouldn’t have become skinheads, but it is
		      equally true that each and every skinhead brings different experiences and
		      beliefs with them when they join the cult. no two skinheads are the same, and
		      although outsiders would like you to believe otherwise - especially
		      sociologists who dream up theories based on all skinheads being alike - there
		      isn’t one type of skinhead, or two types of skinhead, or even 20 types of
		      skinhead. life isn’t black and white, and only the truly ignorant fail to
		      see the countless shades of grey inbetween. the media and its cohorts
		      take great delight in focusing on the sensational aspects of the cult and by
		      doing so present a totally false and distorted impression of skinheads. if
		      nothing else, this website will hopefully show that not all skinheads are the
		      racists the media makes them out to be, and that not all skinheads are even
		      remotely interested in being used as political footballs. of course, there are
		      skins who are racist, but they too are totally misrepresented in the media to
		      the point where buzz words like “nazi” have lost any true meaning.
		      this skinhead nation website is not interested in
		      defending any political position because politics has nothing directly to do
		      with the cult. in fact, if there is anyone reading this whose sole reason for
		      being a skinhead is to pursue one political crusade or another, then the
		      chances are you haven’t understood the first thing about the cult and have
		      no right to use its name. it is equally the case though that every skinhead has
		      the right to hold whatever political beliefs he or she chooses to - just as
		      everyone else is entitled to in a free society. and nobody should be allowed to
		      take that right (or any other right for that matter) away from us just because
		      of the length of our hair.no doubt the skinhead nation
		      website will raise many more questions than it provides answers, but such are
		      the contradictions that come together within the skinhead nation. what’s
		      more, the day they know all the answers and actually start to understand what
		      skinhead is all about is the day to hang up your boots en masse.
		      skinhead nation is based partly on the research and interviews i did
		      while working on the world of skinhead tv documentary that was
		      first shown on channel 4 in october, 1995, and also on the six years i spent as
		      editor and publisher of skinhead times, a 12 to 16 page
		      tabloid-style newspaper for skinheads which had a circulation of around 5,000
		      when the final issue rolled off the presses in february, 1995. the book version
		      of this website was published in 1996 and is currently out of print. hence
		      skinheadnation.com.it was impossible to tell the stories in
		      skinhead nation without repeating some of what was said in
		      spirit of ‘69, but as much as possible i’ve tried to cover new
		      ground and write about bands, events and people who for one reason or another
		      didn’t get the coverage they deserved first time around. i now
		      find myself among the ranks of ex-skinheads, having hung up my boots in 1995.
		      i’ve still got a shaved head and still listen to the same music, and my
		      heart will always be with the skinhead cult which has given me so much. i have
		      always tried to give something back in the hope that the cult will go marching
		      on for many years to come and skinheadnation.com continues in that tradition.
		      
skinhead nation is dedicated to anyone who has ever
		      had the bottle to shave their head, lace up a pair of highly polished boots and
	        walk down the street with their heart pounding with pride. 
in the united states of
			 america, a nation is an alliance of street gangs. this website is dedicated to
			 the skinhead nation, a true family of brothers and sisters that spans the
			 globe.
access to the skinhead nation site is entirely free. if
			 you have enjoyed this website, please support our work by donating us$2 or
			 whatever you like via the button above.if you have a website that links to skinhead nation let us know
			 and we'll return the favour on our links
			 page




the contents of this website including
			 the images are copyright of st publishing, 2024. all rights are
			 reserved.this site has been resuced for historical reasons by history x's archive!

   
