



	 fire fighter products, inc. - since 1945, premium fire safety solutions






























                                                                                   
welcome, you have 0 items in your cart sign-up| view cart|checkout



site search







home
about us
login
order status
contact us
















					your cart is empty.















emergency exit signs & lights partsfire alarm productsfire department productsfire equipmentfire extinguisher hardware & accessoriesfire hosefire sprinkler fire systemsfirefighter gear firefighting foamsfirst aidresidential fire systemstool & equipment bagstraffic safetytrauma medic bags














































										select ...
									
										badger fire protection
									
										brooks equipment
									
										buckeye fire equipment
									
										guardian safety solutions
									
										pyrochem
									
										r&b fabrications
									









    
"welcome to fire fighter products, inc.- firesafetyplus.com – your premier destination for fire safety excellence!

at fire fighter products, we take pride in being factory distributors for a curated selection of top-tier brands in fire and safety products. our commitment is to provide you with the highest quality and most reliable equipment to ensure the safety of your spaces.

as your trusted source for fire safety, we go beyond just delivering exceptional products. our expertise extends to offering comprehensive fire and life safety inspections tailored to meet the unique needs of commercial businesses in the eastern half of north carolina and virginia. our region-specific services are designed to enhance the safety standards of your establishment, ensuring compliance and peace of mind.

explore our extensive range of fire protection solutions, from cutting-edge extinguishers to state-of-the-art suppression systems. whether you're safeguarding your workplace or preparing for emergencies, firesafetyplus.com is your one-stop destination for excellence in fire safety.

feel secure. choose quality. trust fire fighter products for all your fire and safety needs."
we are national distributors for guardian residential fire systemsguardian systems provide fire suppression for commercial occupancies where residential-style appliances are in use. an increasing number of selective code officials recommend and accept the guardian systems for stove top protection in such applications. the superior design of the system provides automatic operation, continuous 24-hour protection, concealed installation, easy clean-up, and proven reliability. we provide guardian residential fire system parts and service. we feature the guardian g300b, g500, and g600 fire suppression systems. 
we feature elkhart brass fire hose nozzles, water cannons, fire monitors, and firefighting equipment. elkhart brass is the industry's leader and most experienced manufacturer of state-of-the-art firefighting equipment and fire protection equipment and is known for its commitment to quality, value, and customer service. used in virtually every aspect of firefighting, they manufacture over 2,000 built-to-last fire protection products. found in fire departments around the world, their products have been trusted by firefighting professionals for over 115 years. elkhart brass combines experience, dedication, and passion to equip firefighters with the absolute best in nozzles, monitors, and other firefighting equipment.  elkhart’s robust lineup of smooth bore, fixed, variable, and automatic fire hose nozzle options encompass all water flow capabilities. the select-o-matic, one of elkhart’s popular nozzles, automatically adjusts water flow to maintain effective pressure and a consistent fire stream in all flow ranges to attack any firefighting need.     featuring buckeye firefighting foam concentrates
  fire & life safety services and inspections
fire fighter products, inc., is your premier partner for comprehensive commercial fire protection solutions. as your dedicated fire protection consultants, we take pride in offering a full spectrum of on-site mobile services, ensuring the safety and compliance of your business.

our on-site mobile services encompass new sales, inspections, maintenance, inventory control, and barcode inspections of fire extinguishers. at fire fighter products, inc., we understand the critical importance of nfpa, osha, and local ahj requirements for your fire and life safety inspections, and we go above and beyond to provide meticulous services that adhere to the highest standards.

discover a wide array of top-tier products, including portable and fixed-system fire extinguishers, engineered fire suppression systems, and cutting-edge fire detection and control products. 

currently serving the eastern half of north carolina and southern virginia, fire fighter products, inc. is your trusted partner for all your fire protection needs. our on-site mobile fire extinguisher recharge and inspection services cover a vast range of counties, including martin, pitt, bertie, beaufort, washington, chowan, edgecombe, wayne, wilson, nash, halifax, north hampton, hertford, gates, perquimans, pasquotank, camden, currituck, dare, tyrrell, pamlico, carteret, lenoir, and craven counties.

choose fire fighter products, inc. for unparalleled expertise, reliable services, and a commitment to safeguarding your business with the latest advancements in fire protection technology. your safety is our priority, and we're here to provide the comprehensive solutions you need.
 
 
                                     check out our featured products below: 








heavy-duty red plastic fire extinguisher cabinet (for 5lb. extinguishers)

list price: $79.95
your price: $57.95
you save: $22.00 (28 %)


quantity:  

 


		heavy-duty red plastic fire extinguisher cabinet (for 5lb. extinguishers)
	  








heavy-duty red plastic fire extinguisher cabinet (for 10lb. extinguishers)

list price: $89.95
your price: $65.95
you save: $24.00 (27 %)


quantity:  

 


		heavy-duty red plastic fire extinguisher cabinet (for 10lb. extinguishers)
	  








heavy-duty white plastic fire extinguisher cabinet (for 10lb. extinguishers)

list price: $89.95
your price: $65.95
you save: $24.00 (27 %)


quantity:  

 


		heavy-duty white plastic fire extinguisher cabinet (for 10lb. extinguishers)
	  










buckeye 56340 bfc-3 aqueous film forming foam concentrate (3-percent afff), platinum, 5 gal pail

list price: $205.38
your price: $165.75
you save: $39.63 (19 %)


quantity:  

 


		buckeye 56340 bfc-3 aqueous film forming foam concentrate (3-percent afff), platinum, 5 gal pail
	  








buckeye 50190 bfc-ca  aqueous film forming foam concentrate (class a - afff), platinum, 5 gal pail

list price: $260.45
your price: $209.75
you save: $50.70 (19 %)


quantity:  

 


		buckeye 50190 bfc-ca  aqueous film forming foam concentrate (class a - afff), platinum, 5 gal pail
	  








buckeye 56115 bfc-3lt aqueous film forming foam concentrate (3-percent lt- afff), platinum, 5 gal pail

list price: $332.04
your price: $265.75
you save: $66.29 (20 %)


quantity:  

 


		buckeye 56115 bfc-3lt aqueous film forming foam concentrate (3-percent lt- afff), platinum, 5 gal pail
	  



















email address:





password:

remember me







forgot password?
















fire services offeredreturn policyprivacy policyabc's of fire extinguishersfire extinguisher training classeswarning - prop 65 information









guardian - g300-b -(for electric stoves) automatic residential fire suppression system w/electric shut-off & interconnect cable$2,159.76guardian - model g300b - (for gas stoves) - automatic residential fire suppression system w/gas shut-off$2,935.66guardian - model g500-b  (for electric stoves) automatic residential fire suppression system w/electric shut-off device with system checkout test tool$2,846.25guardian - model g500-b-(for gas stoves) automatic residential fire suppression system w/gas shut-off device with system checkout test tool$3,484.05guardian -model g600-b (for electric stoves) automatic residential fire suppression system w/electric shut-off device for microwave oven exhaust hoods$3,082.98guardian -model g600-b (or gas stoves) automatic residential fire suppression system w/gas shut-off device for microwave oven exhaust hoods$3,563.79








home| about us| login| order status| contact us
©2025 fire fighter products, inc.-fire & life safety products & services, all rights reserved.









