






transition advisors -- leading cpas through transition with succession and m&a strategies 






























5205 w 84th terrace, prairie village, ks 66207
 913-766-0877












×

site search:

type and press enter

















home

about us

why transition advisors?
team bios



services

m&a searches
m&a deal structure and negotiations
succession planning
owner agreements



articles

succession planning
ownership-agreements
valuing an accounting firm
merging an accounting firm
deal structure
trends in m & a
due diligence & transition



m&a faq


mergers

merger mania
why consider a merger?
finding that perfect match
merger agreement and structures
potential pitfalls



acquisitions

how do i value an accounting firm?
how do i choose the right practice to buy?
how do i maximize the retention of clients and staff?
what should i review in due diligence?



transition

staff transition and retention tips
client transition and retention tips



selling/succession 1-3 partner firms

how is an accounting firm valued?
when should the succession planning process be started?
how is a successor chosen?
how are clients and staff transitioned to maximize retention?
how can a deal be structured?



selling/succession 4+ partner firms

how do we attract younger talent?
why is merger mania gripping our profession?
what are some potential effects?
should my firm consider a merger?
how do we protect and/or realize our value?
what if the partners have different succession goals?



internal succession

what is your degree of readiness?
what should a firm's readiness assessment consist of?
what are the challenges to internal succession?
what role does the agreement play?
what is the key success component?
how should a partner's value be determined?



practice continuation

what is a pca?
should i have a pca?
five key steps
what should be included?
what makes a pca attractive?
what are several must do's?





cpe courses

upcoming cpe
past offerings

watch webinars

most recent webinar
valuing accounting firms
back to the future
urge to merge
roadmap for firms in the southeastern u.s.
preparing your firm for an upstream merger
succession planning and valuing your firm
admitting new partners
preparing your firm to grow through m&a
alternative deal structures
preparing your firm for an upstream merger
partnership agreement
new practice niches
art of your deal
preparing your firm to grow through m&a
buying out retiring partners
valuing small accounting firms
valuing multi-partner accounting firms
how tax season impacts m&a
keys to your partnership agreement
seven step roadmap
how, why, when, and with whom
new practice niches
valuing accounting firms
readiness assessments
florida succession planning
midwest-southwest partnership agreements
mid-atlantic firm value
succession planning using sales and mergers
keys to transitioning
how, why, when, and with whom
roadblocks
admitting partners
seven steps
partnership agreements
2014 accounting update
how to value your accounting firm
innovative approaches: buyers
innovative approaches: sellers
when do you start to plan your succession?
tax season implications
partnership agreements
avoiding roadblocks
internal succession
new practice niches
how to value your firm
buying out retiring partners
partnership/shareholder agreements 101
succession planning and alternative deal structures
growing your firm through m&a
succession planning and valuing your firm
case studies on internal succession
keys to due diligence and client retention
admitting new partners
planning for succession
non-traditional mergers
case studies in admitting new partners
case studies in partner succession




contact us 
 






















welcome to transition advisors

we are a national consulting firm working exclusively with accounting firms on issues related to ownership transition.




















m&a in the covid-19 world

see how covid-19 might affect m&a in 2020




















consulting support

we offer consulting support for parties that have already identified each other.



















valuing an accounting firm

wondering how to value your or another accounting firm? visit our articles page for more information.


















accounting today most influential

sinkin & putney once again named by accounting today as top 100 most influential
 



















m&a searches
we will help you better understand your local marketplace and identify the right merger candidates for you.





m&a deal structure and negotiations
we have closed hundreds of deals. let us help you ensure the success of your own.





succession planning
whether your succession plan is internal or involves an external firm, we can help ensure a strong transition.





owner agreements
having an executed ownership agreement is critical for your firm's success, and we can help you create one.











what our customers have to say






"i started working with transition advisors when my firm, and our partners, were considering a new strategic direction. joel sinkin and bill carlino helped us understand the marketplace, assess our value, evaluate various deal structures, create strategies to retain clients and staff, and identify merger candidate firms that would provide us with what we needed. we were seeking back up, support, professional & financial growth, and long term succession for our partners as well as a secure future for our staff and clients. through the relationship we developed with transition advisors we were able to meet all of our objectives and merge with a well-respected firm with the utmost quality and integrity. i highly recommend transition advisors as a solution for firms seeking help with m & a and succession issues."


bob goldfarb
janover llc






"transition advisors has been a valuable resource for our firm for several years. our relationship with them started with a firm retreat where they assisted us in developing a plan for long term partner succession, new partner admission, and growth through m & a. subsequently they identified a firm that was perfectly suited to strengthen our client base in a niche industry we serve. they were instrumental in helping us successfully close that transaction providing hands on support for deal structure, valuation, due diligence, negotiations and a transition plan."


james c. kokolas
calibre cpa group pllc






"our relationship with transition advisors has been a key to the development and growth of our firm. we have worked with them for nearly twenty years and have seen our firm nearly triple in size. joel sinkin and terry putney have brought a unique combination of experience and professionalism to our relationship. i appreciate the fact that they always take the long view of potential transactions and seek the best result for all concerned. they have helped us position ourselves as an attractive firm to merge into as well as assisting in aligning expectations. there is no problem big or small that they cannot provide great advice."


jeffery mowery
mowery & schoenfeld, llc






"our firm is nearing the time when several partners will soon be retiring. since this is a new experience for our firm we began to take a look at our existing agreements and decided that changes were in order. because partners have different objectives for their retirement we soon reached an impasse on several key issues. we were at a point where progress had stopped and the path forward was not clear. transition advisors was able to come into the process at this point, assess the current positioning of the firm, discuss various points of view with each partner individually and as a group and in the end offer solutions that all of the partners could agree on. having transition advisors, an outside, knowledgeable, independent and unbiased third party come into our process in my opinion was the best move we could have made and allowed our firm to develop employment and shareholder agreements that solidify the financial future of the firm while rewarding the partners upon retirement in a financially responsible manner. this was a fantastic experience for our firm and we will be calling upon transition advisors in the future."


tom self
self, maples & copeland, p.c.






"almost 10 years ago we first started working with joel sinkin for the right way to merge a new partner into our firm. that led to working with joel and his team to restructure our partner agreement. transition advisors has and continues to assist us with merger opportunities. their specialized knowledge has helped us immeasurably in making the right decisions for our firm's and partners' futures. they have truly been our go to source for anything related to partnership agreement and m & a."


joseph press
press schonig rosenthal & company, llp






"transition advisors has been a valuable resource for our firm for several years. they have helped us successfully close several mergers and acquisitions, enabling us to grow our head office as well as expand into additional geographic markets. in addition to introducing us to terrific opportunities, transition advisors helps in the valuation of a merger candidate and manages the expectations of those candidates during the process, to assure a smoother transition and minimize unexpected roadblocks. we look forward to continuing our relationship with transition advisors and consider them to be an important part of our team."


joel chazen
hertzbach & co
























leading cpas through transition with succession and m & a strategies
transition advisors llc., are experts in consulting for the accounting profession. we specialize in advising managing partners who are actively pursuing growth and succession strategies including expert advice on mergers & acquisitions.read more 






 








links

home
services
articles
contact
 





contact us
 click to contact us










© 2017 transition advisors, llc. all rights reserved.





















