




crystal ball | oracle































































































































































































skip to content
accessibility policy















products
industries
resources
customers
partners
developers
company









close search











search oracle.com


quick links
oracle cloud infrastructure

oracle fusion cloud applications
oracle database
download java

careers at oracle

















search







country















view accounts


back

cloud account
sign in to cloud
sign up for free cloud tier

oracle account

sign-in
create an account


help
sign out




contact sales



menu






menu



















applications













request a demo












crystal ball
oracle crystal ball is the leading spreadsheet-based application for predictive modeling, forecasting, simulation, and optimization, giving you unparalleled insight into the critical factors affecting risk. with crystal ball, you can make the right tactical decisions to reach your objectives and gain a competitive edge—even in an uncertain market.

view crystal ball pricing
















download a free trial of oracle crystal ball and see it in action.


try crystal ball for free













unparalleled insight into the critical factors affecting risk

crystal ball is for strategic planners, financial analysts, engineers, scientists, entrepreneurs, cpas, marketing managers, venture capitalists, consultants, six sigma professionals, and anyone else who uses spreadsheets to forecast uncertain results.





crystal ball
crystal ball decision optimizer
crystal ball suite
crystal ball classroom edition












what-if analytics
use monte carlo simulation to automatically calculate and record the results of thousands of different what-if cases.
know where to focus your efforts
analyze what-if scenarios to reveal a range of possible outcomes, their probability of occurring, the inputs that most impact your model, and where to focus your efforts.
communicate your results
share your findings through graphs, charts, and reports that let you vividly present and communicate the results of your analyses.
start using crystal ball in minutes
work as a team, sharing models and data to get your work done faster. draw on the spreadsheet technology you already own.


oracle crystal ball free trial
oracle crystal ball technical information

















powerful optimization
crystal ball decision optimizer, an option for crystal ball, adds the advanced capability of optimization to the power of monte carlo simulation.
improve your decisions
identify and mitigate the key inputs that drive risk. optimize your decisions while accounting for variation and constraints.
share your findings
share your findings through graphs, charts, and reports to support decisions. (a  crystal ball license is required.)


oracle crystal ball free trial
request a demo





















a complete package for uncertainty management
oracle crystal ball suite is a spreadsheet-based solution for monte carlo simulation, forecasting, and optimization. this complete package combines crystal ball and crystal ball decision optimizer for powerful risk analysis and uncertainty management.
model uncertainty
leverage crystal ball's realistic and accessible way of modeling uncertainty to measure and report on the risk inherent in your key metrics.
obtain metrics for six sigma applications
analyze your models with crystal ball's time-series forecasting, analysis tools and reports, capability metrics for six sigma applications, and a full set of additional tools.
identify feasible solutions
use crystal ball decision optimizer to identify feasible solutions to your business, finance, and operational spreadsheet models that meet your risk/return profile, objectives, and requirements.






determine the best business results
quickly assign ranges of values to your inputs then forecast outputs and their probabilities. discover the best business results while accounting for uncertainty. analyze historical data with time-series forecasting and regression.
communicate your risk analysis results
determine which inputs most drive risk and mitigate your risks. effectively display and communicate your risk analysis results with a comprehensive set of example models.

view crystal ball pricing
request a demo

















a full-functioned version for the academic community
oracle crystal ball classroom edition is a full-functioned version of the software that’s available for the academic community. this solution includes crystal ball and crystal ball decision optimizer—an option for crystal ball that adds optimization to the power of monte carlo simulation. crystal ball classroom edition is offered in both a student and a faculty version.
student edition
oracle crystal ball classroom student edition is a full-functioned, self-expiring, term-limited edition of oracle crystal ball software for classrooms, with options for one- and two-year license terms. this version is identical to the commercial products, with the advantage of being affordably priced for academic budgets. the minimum purchase is 25 seats. technical support is not available.






faculty edition
oracle crystal ball classroom faculty edition is a full-functioned, nonexpiring edition of crystal ball software, designed specifically for university and college faculty members. this version is identical to the commercial products, with the advantage of being affordably priced for faculty budgets. technical support is available.

brochure: crystal ball’s administrative solution for higher education (pdf)
datasheet: crystal ball in the classroom (pdf)

















find resources and more





explore crystal ball
get support












try oracle crystal ball for free
crystal ball is a spreadsheet-based application for risk measurement and reporting, monte carlo simulation, time-series forecasting, and optimization. it provides a realistic and accessible way of modeling uncertainty, enabling you to measure and report on the risk inherent in your key metrics.
download the oracle crystal ball free trial














contact oracle support
to contact oracle support by phone, refer to the list of oracle support hotlines and contact information for your country.

sign in to my oracle support
oracle support



















get started with oracle crystal ball





try it out


download a free trial of crystal ball and see it in action.


start your free trial







request a demo


see how crystal ball can help you set up and analyze your models.


request now



















resources for

careers
developers
investors
partners
researchers
students and educators





why oracle

analyst reports

best cloud-based
erp
cloud economics
social impact
culture and inclusion
security practices





learn

what is cloud
computing?
what is crm?
what is
docker?
what is
kubernetes?
what is
python?
what is saas?





news and events

news
oracle cloudworld
oracle cloudworld tour
oracle health summit
oracle dev tour
search all events





contact us

us sales: +1.800.633.0738
how can we help?
subscribe to emails
integrity helpline
accessibility










country/region





© 2025 oracle
privacy/do not sell my
info



ad
choices
careers




























