 







daylilies.org.uk



welcome to daylilies !
last updated january 2009 
 welcome to my website. i am a confirmed daylily addict with a rapidly increasing collection  from tiny miniatures and doubles to giant spiders, both old favourites and  cutting edge modern american hybrids. i am a hobby grower but do sell plants to finance collecting more modern and unusual hybrids. please follow the link on the bottom of this page to  see what i am currently selling on ebay ( paypal payments accepted ) .  i was first bitten by the daylily bug in 2000 by a cultivar called bela lugosi i purchased it in the floral marquee of a local show and have been hooked ever since. i already had a few in the garden but none that matched this one for it's rich colour and velvety texture. i have been amazed and delighted by the range of new varieties, unusual markings and shapes currently being bred by fellow addicts in america, australia and europe. so far i have around 400 named cultivars so far but no doubt i will find even more " must have's." i will add these to this site as they come into flower and can be photographed.
daylily seedlings
i have been hybridising daylilies since 2003 with variable results but have been playing with pollen from some of the newer american spider hybrids recently and have my fingers crossed for something stunning this year. i will list them in the summer 2008 all being well. they may not be as exciting as some of the really cutting edge new american hybrids but everyone has to start somewhere, and i am keen to breed plants that will thrive and perform well in u.k conditions.
i have also been hybridising hellebores, doubles, scented varieties and picotee edged i will post the pictures on this site if there is anything worth looking at.

page 1 named daylilies large flowered
page 2 named daylilies small flowered
page 3 named daylilies miniatures and doubles
page 4 named daylilies spiders and unusual forms
spidery seedlings 2009
hellebore seedlings

i am a part time hobby grower but do sell surplus stock (to help pay the compost bills!) when  available. if there is anything you are interested in please click here to email me, or take a look on ebay at what i am currently selling items for sale.  i also have items for sale on ebid which is here








'





