





home | pleasant view inc



















































 























skip to content








careers










donate













 






about

our mission
our history
our team & board
ada & title vi
strategic plan
annual report
contact


services

day support
residential
spirituality


get involved

donate
events & calendar
career & volunteer opportunities
newsletter


 












welcome to pleasant view 



we help individuals with disabilities live with purpose. 








 



our mission 



pleasant view supports individuals with disabilities in living out their goals for meaningful work, relationships, and spiritual development.
 



our vision 



all people will have the opportunity to live in and enrich their communities.
 






support our mission









 





pleasant view was founded in 1971 



by members of the virginia mennonite conference 



over 50 years later, pleasant view is a 501(c)3 nonprofit organization which continues to help individuals with disabilities to live full lives through spiritual, residential and day support services in locations throughout the city of harrisonburg, rockingham county, and beyond.  we create opportunities for individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities to live in and enrich their communities.  



pleasant view provides individuals with disabilities in our programs accessible transportation services using fta 5310 grant vehicles. please follow this link to view our ada policies and procedures. 











 





day support 



making connections 



day support services offer individuals with disabilities opportunities to make connections in their communities through supported employment, group day, and community engagement. 



view day support → 







 





residential 



nurturing & inclusive 



residential support is customized to be nurturing and inclusive where individuals with disabilities can receive ongoing support for their unique needs, fostering independence and personal growth. 



view residential → 







 





spiritual 



guiding & empowering 



									individuals are encouraged in their search for meaning, purpose, and connection. they are offered spiritual nurture and pastoral care, while also connecting with faith communities and offering their spiritual gifts to others.								



view spiritual → 









 



we promote holistic well-being 



because life is for living, not simply existing 



people with intellectual and developmental disabilities are valued members of the community. for many of those we support at pleasant view, obstacles hinder their ability to live independently and participate fully in community life. we exist to remove those obstacles and integrate individuals into the community. 





 









 





we support individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities 



through personalized support & affordable housing 



pleasant view offers secure and cost-effective housing solutions, personalized support services for individuals with medicaid and medicaid waiver funding, and a wide range of enriching activities that promote holistic well-being. 









 



our mission in action 



this is our "why" 



pleasant view exists to empower people to explore, embrace, and find the passions and the joy of living. we foster opportunities, community, and relationships, helping each person grow as individuals and as a fully integrated community members. 





 




















 



how you can help 



ways to get involved, supporting an inclusive community 



consider making a one-time donation, starting your career or volunteering, becoming a community friend to an individual who calls pleasant view “home” or promoting and attending our special events. it takes a village to create a community, and you are welcome to get involved the way that fits best for you! 










1. 



donate 





every dollar of your donation goes to creating a positive environment for individuals with disabilities to live purposefully and meaningfully. 



as a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization, all donations are tax-deductible to the fullest extent allowed by law. 









 





complete your gift → 












2. 



careers & volunteers 







our employees and volunteers are the driving force of our mission. they are the catalysts for care, and we’d love for you to join our team to provide supported care for individuals with disabilities. 
find your place to fit in below! 






 career opportunities 








are you interested in a rewarding career helping individuals with disabilities to live in and enrich their communities? you can explore career opportunities & apply directly on our website! 






view jobs









 community friends 








are you interested in building a stronger relationship with  someone you already know who lives at pleasant view? 






view opportunities









 volunteer opportunities 








are you interested in volunteering your time, building relationships, and sharing your gifts with individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities? 






view opportunities














 













3. 



attend an event 





when you support pleasant view by attending an event, you are supporting our community. see all the details about each event below and click for more details. 






 





mar 



6 



7:00 pm 






faith & light service | mar 



									you are invited to faith & light, an inclusive christian worship service that meets at 7pm the first thursday of each month at trinity presbyterian church.								



view 




 





mar 



21 



12:30 pm 






disability awareness/acceptance rally 



									pleasant view’s disability awareness/acceptance rally march 2025 (date & time tbd) on court square, harrisonburg.  join us to recognize individuals with developmental disabilities in our community. 

come listen, learn what means most to our speakers, and commit to work together to make the our community more inclusive and appreciative of all gifts and abilities.								



view 




 





apr 



2 



6:30 am 






gcg early giving begins: give the gift of home: furnishing spaces, expanding accessibility 



									interested in helping individuals with idd live more independently, build meaningful relationships, and fully participate in their communities.  join pleasant view’s vision that all people will have the opportunity to live in and enrich their communities. donate at www.tinyurl.com/give2pvi during the great community give.  early giving starts wednesday, april 2, 2025 at 6:30 am and make us eligible to win additional prizes.								



view 




 





apr 



3 



7:00 pm 






faith & light service | apr 



									you are invited to faith & light, an inclusive christian worship service that meets at 7pm the first thursday of each month at trinity presbyterian church.								



view 




 






see more events



















 












 








 
info@pleasantviewinc.org





 
540-433-8960





 
po box 426, broadway, va 22815





 
151 commerce dr, harrisonburg, va 22802







 















about 






our mission




team & board




ada & title vi statement




contact us











services 






day support




residential




spirituality











get involved 






donate




careers & volunteers




events



















© 2025. pleasant view inc. all rights reserved. 




 







    




























