






jas consulting


























 


 
















about
projects
services
contact

search











 











precision, knowledge, collaboration.we are leaders in project management.
read morejas consulting
jas consulting is the premier provider of project management services for the real estate, corporate and construction industries. our team has experience managing projects that range in size from 20,000 square feet to 1.0 million square feet.


featured projectmacmillan publishersthis project was accomplished concurrently while jas was managing construction and furniture changes throughout macmillan’s five other locations.
learn more














 


view our projects



our servicesarchitectural design and engineering coordinationconstruction managementconstruction tax planningenergy managementfurniture, fixture and equipment (ff&e) managementmigration and relocation planning/ move coordination and management serviceslease negotiation and due diligence studiesleed sustainabilitylearn moretestimonials“nate rubin and jim schwartz, of jas consulting, were invaluable members of the abrams team and proved themselves indispensable through every step of the process. our job finished on time, on budget, and without issue. we couldn’t have been in more capable hands.”
merle browne
executive assistant to ceo and president
abrams books
“we could not have moved and opened the office at ableto without jim’s help. they are professional, trustworthy and provide outstanding customer service at a fair price. when they were negotiating with vendors on our behalf, it was as if it was their money. i highly recommend them.”
frank hunt
chief financial officer
ableto inc.
“jas gets things done! we’ve had twenty years of top quality advice, support and service as we’ve gone through major and minor fit outs and relocations around the us. one of the best service providers out there!”
charles stafford
head of macmillan property program
macmillan publishers
read more testimonials

menu

home
about
projects
services
contact

contact us

17 avon place
yonkers, ny 10701
212.695.6555
admin@jasconsulting.com

social media







© 2025 jas consulting. all rights reserved

 


























kristin rodriguez
senior project manager

as a project manager and designer, kristin has worked on leading residential and commercial interior design initiatives from concept through construction and completion in partnership with multiple architectural firms, and as an independent design consultant.as an editor, kristin has contributed to post production and editing for numerous film, broadcast, mobile, and web-based video projects, and completed cinematic coursework with new york’s the edit center and nyu.


			×			













jimmy urso
field project manager

as a field project manger jimmy offers turnkey services by managing the complete planning and procurement of furniture, fixture and equipment (ff&e) for new building construction, facility renovations and space upgrades. jimmy manages all activities, including schedules and forecasting of costs, and we clearly define vendors’ responsibilities. by providing a single point of contact, without the distraction of multiple outsourced management firms, jas enables clients to realize significant cost savings and allow internal staff to focus, without disruption, on normal day-to-day business responsibilities.


			×			













nate rubin
senior project manager

sr. project manager with a focus on meticulous planning, and innovative solutions. supporting the commercial real estate industry by overseeing the design, construction, and furniture process.


			×			













dan brescia
principal

it’s not about the furniture, it’s about the experience! with a 30-year history in all parts of the furniture industry and a background in business and architecture, dan has a unique lens that he brings to successfully planning and executing projects. he and his team are consultative problem solvers, creating long-standing relationships with our clients by implementing our clients’ best interests during their furniture and relocation experience..


			×			













james a. schwartz
president

president with over 49 years of expertise in commercial real estate. trusted advisor for construction project management and furniture management for corporate users and occupiers.


			×			


















