








	streamliners > what we do



































|

login

















  





go










what we do


contact us
























x

what we docontact us











go




|

login

































our purpose







at streamliners, we improve the health and wellbeing of people around the world
by enabling

community – collaborating globally for local impact
conversations – agreeing about what will work around here
clarity – offering clear guidance at the point of care

what we do about us






























what we do







we choose to work in high trust relationships with health, social care, and education organisations in australia, new zealand, and the united kingdom to deliver: 















healthpathways provides clinicians with quick access to the latest global evidence and best practice. it gives them instant guidance, including what questions to ask patients and what treatments are available. this is combined with local information on what specialist care is available for patients in their region.
it is a comprehensive tool for more than 600 conditions used by gps, nurses, and other health professionals across 60 health systems who care for 35 million patients around australia, new zealand, and the uk. the pathway development process brings general practitioners and hospital specialists together, where new solutions to challenges can be designed by the clinical care teams and then shared for everyone to follow.
read more











stronger schools is an innovative online platform that contains pathways to help school staff recognise and respond to the wellbeing needs of children and provides strengths-based, early-intervention strategies. a key focus is involving families in planning and decision-making. 
stronger schools describes how to get support for children, families, and schools when needed from in-school and community-based services. the content in stronger schools is developed with schools and local health and wellbeing professionals, drawing on their knowledge to ensure the information reflects the local system and expert opinion.
read more




























about us







streamliners is owned by the joined up systems trust (just) and te whatu ora health new zealand (through its new zealand health innovation hub). 
both just and te whatu ora are motivated by social purpose. their respective stated purposes are:
“to encourage and support the integration of health and social care services”, and
“to combine together people, resources, organisations, thoughts, and actions for the betterment and wellbeing of all”.
 














our platform and services
streamliners focuses on the health, social care, and education sectors.  we’ve developed a platform of core content, standards, processes, methods, and software that enable us to deliver services and value to our customers at scale, while supporting necessary local variation. we enable our customers to collaborate through networks such as the well-established healthpathways community.
our people
streamliners employs over 160 staff and contractors to develop and deliver its services. the majority are based in our christchurch, new zealand office and the others in our newcastle, united kingdom office or in australia. we are proud of our special partnerships with yma, our delivery partner in wales, and the internationally recognised canterbury integrated health and social care system.










our culture

we are respectful of the expertise, passions, needs, and priorities of the people (colleagues and customers) we work with.
we are confident in our expertise and the high standards we apply to our products and services.
we influence and meet expectations of customers through effective communication, partnership, and delivering value-for-money services.
we foster performance development of our staff by supporting their:
 
purpose (knowing your work makes the world a better place)
mastery (working with confidence and skill)
autonomy (influencing your own direction of travel)






















copyright 2025 by streamliners nz limited
|
privacy statement
|
terms of use


 





















