






















































	compare boat hire prices for boating holidays on the shannon river in ireland


















arranging shannon boat hire holidays in ireland since 2002












home
boat hire

view all boats
gift vouchers


about us

testimonials
customer gallery


cruising information

cruising times
faq
getting to your boat
navigation
videos


travel guide

towns & villages
interactive map
suggested cruises
activities


waterways

lower shannon/lough derg
upper shannon
erne waterway/lough erne


special offers
blog
contact



















compare hire boats & prices in ireland
we compare all of the hire boats and prices in ireland so that you don't have to





great boat hire offers
all shannon cruising boat hire special offers in one place.





we like to help
100% recommendations for boat hire on facebook





we are experienced
23 years experience in boat hire holidays on the shannon





we know the lay of the land
we live and work close to the shannon river





we're the same price
our boat hire prices are the same as booking direct.





impartial advice
get the best advice on hire boats & shannon river cruises in ireland





previous



next









shannon river boat hire holidays ireland
shannon river have been arranging boat hire holidays on the shannon river since 2002, our mission is to help you find the right boat for your shannon cruise. prices for boat hire on the shannon river in ireland change many times throughout the boating season and you can use our handy form to get a list of hire boats that suit your needs with prices for your preferred holiday dates. simply choose the preferred date of your cruise and the number of crew members and you'll be presented with a list of boats that suit you.





find your boat





how many crew?




2-4
4-6
6-8
8+




when would you like to start: 







for how long




3 nights
4 nights
5 nights
6 nights
7 nights
10 nights
11 nights
14 nights



























compare boat hire prices
compare boat hire prices for your holiday in ireland - all of the boats in one place.













no extra cost
no extra cost - your boat hire holiday will be the same price as booking direct.













boat hire discounts
we pass on all cruising holiday discounts and special offers directly to you.













impartial holiday advice
professional, impartial advice on irish boating holidays and shannon cruising.













experience
over 23 years experience arranging boat hire cruises on the shannon river.













local knowledge
based on the shannon river in ireland (in roosky, near carrick-on-shannon).












special offers on boat hire holidays in ireland
get the best deals - we have all the best discounts and special offers on shannon cruising holidays in ireland.







book 3-5 nights with silverline and get an extra night free

book your 2025 cruise with carrick craft and get 10% off.

book one of the large penichettes and get 25% off 7 nights

book a cruise of 7 nights or more starting from june to october and get 20% off.

book your 2025 cruise on any silverline boat and get 5% off 7 nights.

book any horizon boat for 7 nights or more and get 20% off.

book a cruise of 7 nights, pay for 5

book 3-6 nights with emerald star and get 15% off.




see all special offers



get special offers in your mail



























6398
cruising holidays arranged







31361
happy crew members







62
rental boats to choose from






23
years experience












what our customers say...
we've been arranging boat hire holidays in ireland for 23 years - we don't like to blow our own trumpet so we ask our customers to do it for us. below are some of their comments.









an unforgettable and exciting experience
after some days back home we all would like to say many thanks for great organization and support of our holiday in ireland.
our journey along the shannon river was an unforgettable and exciting experience. 
we saw a lot of beautiful irish countryside but also visited wonderful pubs with great irish beer and met many nice and very friendly people. 
thank ...
milan skorpik, czech republic.

we had a brilliant time and were very happy with everything.
we had a brilliant time and were very happy with everything - the boat was really well equipped and the service from carrick craft was great. the service from shannon river was even better than from carrick craft - you were extremely helpful and there's no way i would have been able to figure out all the booking options so quickly without you, so thanks for everything.
mary byrne, co. galway, ireland

we had a great time
we had a great time, we cruised south to killaloe and loved it. it was a great few days and will be recommending it to others, and your booking services.
mike walsh, ireland

take over and return in banagher was problem free.
my 2 german friends and myself really enjoyed the break. the boat was well kitted out and there was ample room for us (3 adults) in the carlow class. take over and return in banagher was problem free. the staff were friendly and polite. my only  criticism is that driving on the right is not emphasied  enough !! i would suggest that on each page of the chart book it should be written in bold print...
desmond keaveny

we had a lovely week on the shannon.
we had a lovely week on the shannon – helped by the amazing weather of course. we enjoyed going through the locks and found the river and lough erne to be very quiet with few other boats doing the same route as ourselves. we saw several kingfishers, an eagle and lots of other less unusual birdlife. i have attached a couple of photos  we took. everything went very ...
ruth campbell, uk

it was a relaxing holiday and an adventure all in one!!!
brian, we had an absolute ball!!!!! it was a relaxing holiday and an adventure all in one!!! now, we were blessed with the weather last week, there’s no doubt, but we all agreed we would do it again!!!
the boat was fantastic, the sleeping arrangements were perfect but if we could suggest, having a place for the person sleeping in the dining area to store their gear, would be a gr...
rosemary mccarthy, cork, ireland

we had a lovely time and even the weather was kind to us
i’ve been meaning to email to say thank you for your help booking the holiday.  we had a lovely time and even the weather was kind to us!
catherine white, kilkenny, ireland

we had an excellent time
we had an excellent time, there were a few small issues with the boat (faulty fuel gauge, small leak, via the central wipers) but the service was excellent and we were well looked after.
thanks for your help, we may return next year for another short break and would not hesitate to contact you further.
joe cox, anglesey, uk

weather was superb which made it fantastic.
yes we had a great time.
weather was superb which made it fantastic.
negatives were electricity and fridge constantly a problem. toilets also very smelly at times. we emptied toilets/waste ourselves after a few days.
fridge constantly leaking and food going off/ice turning to water as a result. engineers came out but recurring problem.
some more training on...
noel burke, ireland

everything went very smoothly and the boat was great
the trip was fantastic. we absolutely loved every minute of it. everything went very smoothly and the boat was great. very well equipped, clean and comfortable. we'll definitely be doing another trip next year.
riona hegarty, cork, ireland






see all testimonials








our boating holiday partners
we offer price comparison for boat hire on the shannon river in ireland. our partners are below.

 




















 







boating holidays ireland customer gallery
we ask our customers to send photos of their boat hire holiday - below are some random images taken from our gallery.
















































the shannon

travel guide
interactive map
cruising times
customer gallery
boat hire




cruising

faq
special offers
gift vouchers
getting to your boat
links
boat hire



shannon river

about us
blog
testimonials
terms & conditions
privacy policy
customer area



have a question?
                            phone: 00353 (0)818 998 889
00353 (0)71 9658964

                            email: info@shannon-river.com

  
                                      
                                      
                            





                                copyright ©
                                all rights reserved | web design by websmiths













