






home - move redmond



























































 
















home
about

apply to be a board member


membership

organization membership
individual membership


advocacy

safe routes to light rail
basic bike network


events

open streets festival
2 line opening


our work

2024 annual report


resources

eastside transit map
station access map
get around redmond
etc resources
commute trends


contact us

sign up for our newsletter


blog page
donate






 






who we arewe are the advocate for better walking, biking, and transit in redmond.
our members represent 100,000+ people who commute to redmond each day.
save the date

downtown redmond light rail opening celebrationlight rail is coming to downtown redmond on may 10th! stay tuned for more information on the opening celebration!
stay tuned for moretravel talks 

travel talks ft. transit trekkerexplore how to have a car-free adventure with transit trekker.  learn how to plan your own car-free outings and get the scoop on some of the easiest transit treks with kim huntress-inskeep.
register herestation access map 

station access mapwe made a pocket-sized map to help you connect to the 2 line light rail by walking, rolling, and transit. our station access maps serve as a resource for everyone looking to access light rail without the need for a car.
learn more here
our vision for redmond
a more accessible and inclusive redmond with fast, reliable and affordable transportation
a city that is easier to reach from across the region for home, work and play


an affordable and walkable community that designs and builds safe streets for all users
a city that addresses the urgency of climate change through its transportation system









why now?redmond and its workers are facing a squeeze. 

redmond’s population grew 25% since 2010.
the 9-5 population doubles redmond’s size every day
100,000 people work in redmond. another 20,000 are expected to join them in the next two decades
redmond workers with lower wages face long commutes and are less likely to have transit passes
people driving in cars is the largest source of greenhouse gas emissions in redmond

we make sure redmond’s streets, trails, & transit are ready and work for those who need it most. 
how do we get there?
advocate to redmond, king county & washington state elected officials for more frequent bus service, protected bike lanes, affordable transit passes, sidewalks and crosswalks
direct grants to our members for transportation investments at their worksites. we’ve won $100,000 in grants for our members since 2015
help our members make city and state regulations and reporting stress-free








big changes
coming to redmond
the biggest transportation changes in the history of the city happening now:





king county metro’s launches a new all-day frequent bus network in redmond

eastrail expands, providing a flat route across the eastside

light rail to overlake & downtown redmond, halving the time to bellevue, seatac & lynnwood









we make these changes work for our members. follow us!instagram






facebook






join us & contribute to our cause!donate nowwe're here to help! info for:commuters & residentsemployee transportation coordinatorswe’re shaping changes to support our members.
join us! >

become a member and contribute your organization’s voice to our advocacy
get educated on transportation issues facing redmond at our walk and talks, forums, and worksessions
and let us help solve the everyday transportation problems your employees face

connect with us!
info@moveredmond.org
or fill out our form >








© 2025 move redmond. all rights reserved

 


























