


bicycle shops - local bicycle shop directory













 
bicycle shops

 



 
 


      bicycle shops >
      bicycle types •
      bicycle retail chains





















 














bicycle shops, by state


alabama
alaska
arizona
arkansas
california
colorado
connecticut
delaware
florida
georgia
hawaii
idaho
illinois
indiana
iowa
kansas
kentucky


louisiana
maine
maryland
massachusetts
michigan
minnesota
mississippi
missouri
montana
nebraska
nevada
new hampshire
new jersey
new mexico
new york
north carolina
north dakota


ohio
oklahoma
oregon
pennsylvania
rhode island
south carolina
south dakota
tennessee
texas
utah
vermont
virginia
washington
washington dc
west virginia
wisconsin
wyoming




     german engineer baron karl dreiss von sauerbronn is credited with
     inventing the first wooden-wheeled bicycle in 1817.  his bicycle was
     first exhibited in paris on april 6, 1818.  while this first bicycle
     was steerable and looked a lot like today's modern bicycles, it was
     missing one important component:  pedals!  powered instead by
     the operator's running feet, this model soon gave way to pedal-operated
     versions.  during the 1890s, americans embraced the newly-invented
     safety bicycle, whose equal-size front and rear wheels made it easier to
     mount than earlier high-wheel models.  local bicycle shops, like the
     wright cycle exchange in dayton, ohio, sprang up all over america. 
     many of these shops sold and repaired bicycles, and some even manufactured
     their own bicycles.  over the years, the bicycle was continually
     improved with the addition of rubber wheels, shock absorbers and brakes
     as well as gear shifters and lighter weight components.
     



      bicycles at a long beach island (nj) bicycle shop
      











     a good local bicycle shop can help you buy the best bike for your needs
     and budget, match your physique with the right size bicycle frame, and
     most importantly, get a good fitting done.  well-adjusted seat and
     handlebar heights will enable you to ride comfortably and efficiently,
     and can help prevent injury to your muscles and joints.
     
     initial setup of a bicycle depends upon the skill of the mechanic. 
     gears, brakes, and other moving parts must be carefully assembled and
     adjusted for optimal performance.  there is no substitute for an
     experienced bicycle mechanic; proper assembly and adjustment at the point
     of purchase is a key benefit that sets local bicycle shops apart from
     online shops and department stores.  a brick-and-mortar bike shop
     will also tend to stock cycling products that are suited to local terrain
     and cycling conditions.  shops located in mountainous areas are
     likely to stock a good selection of mountain bikes and accessories whereas
     shops located in the midwestern prairie states are likely to carry more
     road bikes and hybrid bicycles.
     

     reputable bicycle shops generally offer maintenance and replacement parts
     such as tires, chains, brake pads and other wearing items.  often
     these shops have information about where to ride, group rides, and even
     connections with racing organizations.  developing a relationship
     with a good shop will go a long way toward your enjoyment of this sport.
     
     bicycleshops.us is a cycling resource that features convenient
     access to state, regional, and local bicycle shop listings as well as
     online shopping for bicycle parts & accessories.  bicycle shop
     owners may also be interested in the national bicycle dealers association,
     nbda, a non-profit trade organization of
     bicycle retailers, with ancillary membership from bicycle product vendors
     and others allied to the bicycle industry.  their stated mission is
     to aid the growth of cycling by supporting specialty bicycle retailers
     through research, education, and advocacy.
     

watch:  a boy rides a bicycle on a bicycle shop aisle


     in this bicycle shop directory, you can find a broad selection of local
     bike shops in each state.  most bicycle stores offer both sales
     and service; stores that rent bicycles or only sell bicycles are noted
     as such.  be sure to call ahead before visiting these shops to check
     their hours of operation, and to verify their location and status. 
     although we try to keep these listings current, some of the bicycle shops
     listed herein may have relocated or even ceased operations.
     
online bicycle shops

performancebike.com
this online bicycle shop features a broad selection of bicycles, components, and accessories.www.performancebike.com

bikenashbar
this online bike shop offers cycling components, clothing, and accessories.www.nashbar.com


bicycle safety resources

bicycle safety
cycling safety tips from the national highway traffic safety administration.www.nhtsa.gov

bicycle helmet safety institute
visit this award-winning site concerning bicycle helmets and bike safety issues.www.helmets.org


cycling related sites

bicycle parts and cycling components
find a wide range of frames, components, and tools for bmx bikes, road bikes, and mountain bikes.www.bicycleparts.us

bicycle accessories and cycling apparel
find cycling apparel and gifts, bicycle helmets, child carriers, and much more.www.bicycleaccessories.us

bicycle tour guide
browse this bicycle touring guide and directory and learn about group and self-guided tours
       in north america, europe, and elsewhere.www.bicycletours.us





      copyright © 2004-2020 zeducorp.
      all rights reserved. 
      about us. 
      contact us
      for your convenience, certain links will open in new windows.


bicycle shops - bicycle shop guide






