



 education collaborative of western new york 










































menu 


familieseducatorsfind a schoolopen house eventsscholarshipscullen hs scholarshipoishei hs scholarshipjobsaboutcontact edcoedco board of directorsedco mission & visionedco partnersstudent conferencesniagara university youth action conferencenichols inclusivity conference










 























for families
provide your child with the education, resources and values needed for a successful future.
view more


for educators
be a part of a unique consortium of fourteen private high schools in western new york.
view more





for families
provide your child with the education, resources and values needed for a successful future.
view more


for educators
enjoy the advantages of this unique consortium of private high schools in western new york.
view more





at a glance
 the schools of wny education collaborative

13currently active partner schools
96%of graduating students attend college
$24milawarded in need-based financial aid annually






welcome
education collaborative of western new york (edco) schools are dedicated to the growth of each student and believe that strong schools in western new york communities strengthen the entire region.
the education collaborative of western new york (edco) is a unique consortium of private high schools in erie county new york.
to better prepare our students for the future,  edco provides its unique partner schools with opportunities for collaboration, a forum for sharing ideas and a structure for advocating the values of private education. partner schools offer quality education to area students and provide excellent choices to families seeking a private school experience.

our schools have high expectations of their students, maintain top school rankings and high satisfaction rates. students are provided with the academic, social, and moral guidance they need to prepare for a lifetime of success.










looking for more?
contact us today!
the education collaborative of western new york, to better prepare our students for the future, provides its unique partner schools with opportunities for collaboration, a forum for sharing ideas, and a structure for advocating the values of private education. 
contact us























about edco


partner services


contact edco

find a school


  




 
 
 



powered by fission content management system | website design by 360 psg


















please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of 
website accessibility


