




phantom of the opera doll gallery, by leigh allan














phantom of the opera handmade clay & cloth dolls, miniatures & jewellery



1880- 
      beyond the lake...
.

















 




phantom dolls 
                                      gallery



phantom miniatures
                                      gallery



phantom 
                                      jewellery gallery


 


1993 phantom of the opera tribute film & christine dress


 


phantom, michael crawford memorabilia

update: february 9 2025
 


the preparation of the 30+ years of phantom and michael crawford-related memorabilia for sale is taking longer than i hoped.  the vintage items are  in storage in arizona while  i live in the uk.
 
 when finally ready, i'll put the word out. it's my mission that every phantom/michael piece finds a new home.  meanwhile, i hope you will look around the site. there's much to see and some items will be in the sale collection.

 
thank you

                                      {february 9 2025}



 


 



inspiration:  michael crawford, my phantom


 



 





















monsieur, madame... 




it is with great pleasure i welcome you to  this candlelit maze  of phantom of the opera dolls,  miniature figurines 
                    and jewellery that i have lovingly crafted from clay and in the case of dolls, in fine cloth and ornaments, since 1992. 
though many phantom dolls have been created over decades, only a few were photographed.
the  first clay figures i designed were the miniatures, beginning in 1992. they can be seen  on their respective pages.

each 
                    sculpture, erik, christine, and other phantom characters, whether miniatures,  18-inch or 10-inch dolls,   or jewellery, all are a one-of-a-kind creations and   genuinely unique. 
                    
since 
                    1975 i've produced a wide range of handmade clay artwork as  originals by le, and have sold to shops, galleries, boutiques, celebrities and collectors around 
                  the world.
the sculptures are created from polymer clay, fired and painted with acrylic and sealed with glaze. in the case of 18-inch dolls, the heads, hands and shoes are 
                    sculpted from clay, the body, stuffed, and the clothing handsewn from fine, often vintage 
                fabrics. 10-inch dolls are all clay bodies with the same fine hand-tailored clothes. 
read some testimonials from happy owners below and throughout the site.



 
 





quick links 


jump 
                      to menu



phantom dolls 
                          gallery




phantom 
                          jewellery gallery



phantom miniatures
                        gallery


leigh's phantom tribute film -1993


how 
                      to order


email 
                      leigh







 



proud fan of michael crawford
'the phantom' 
                and the mcifa since 1990























phantom 
                                      menu
hand-sculpted dolls 
                                    miniatures & jewellery 



 home



 



 



page of memorabilia coming soon.






 

 




 
 

phantom 
                                      doll gallery page 



 

click 
                                      here to view erik phantom dolls, red death 
                                      doll, christine 'hannibal' doll, 'altered-art' 
                                      fashion phantom doll 



 

 


 

phantom 
                                      miniature figures and scenes 



 

images in this gallery 
                                      are vintage 



 

erik 
                                      phantom figure 



 

"come 
                                      to me" phantom figure 



 

christine 
                                      daaé figure 



 

manuscript 
                                    phantom figure 



 

music 
                                      of the night scene 



 

the 
                                      graveyard phantom figure 



 

little 
                                      meg giry figure 



 

mask 
                                      of the red death figure 



 

'unmasked' 
                                      at the organ on horseback scene 



 

mirror 
                                      scene phantom & christine 



 

 


 

phantom 
                                      jewellery gallery page 


 
christine contemplates unmasking erik  antique gold and bronze pendant necklace


 
'come to me angel' antique gold and bronze pendant necklace


 
mask 
                                    & rose necklace


 
mask 
                                    pin with red rose and filigree



 

music 
                                      of the night - erik & christine pendant 
                                       



 

red 
                                      death- pendant necklace  



 

'unmasked' 
                                      - erik and christine double figure necklace 



 

angels 
                                      & demons brooch  



 

 
                                      phantom mask necklace  


 

boat 
                                      scene pendant necklace 



 

 


 

phantom 
                                      miscellaneous 



 

testimonials 
                                       



about 
                                      the artist 



 

leigh's 
                                      own phantom movie photos 



 

leigh's 
                                      christine dress 



 

links 



 

to order 
                                       



 

email: 
                                      leighx@yahoo.com 



sitemap 





 
questions or comments?
                                    love to hear from you. 
phantom is a magical obsession.



top 
                              of the menu
















 some lovely  comments from happy owners.  


"got the charm yesterday and it's all that i wanted plus more. thanks a million for taking the time to make this for me/her and i shall let you know how she takes it though i'm sure she will love it."
amc-uk
"i really do love your work. the detail you put into the pieces is always so lovely"
c-usa
"erik (altered-art doll) has arrived, he's even better in person! :d thank you so   much, the presentation was lovely too, loved the rose ;) thank you so   much for this :d"
sm-england

"your website is amazing and i'm loving all the products." 
 s-england
"the 
                                dolls have arrived safe and sound, and i absolutely treasure 
                                them. they're *beautiful*, and all the wonderful details and 
                                flourishes on them are absolutely *amazing*. just gorgeous. 
                                i can't thank you enough." 
fe 
                                  - england
"i'm 
                                writing to say that i absolutely love my new erik doll. when 
                                i opened him yesterday i got the surprise of my life...he's 
                                the most beautiful christmas present i've ever received!"

                                i love his face, and his disfigurement is perfect, exactly 
                                like michael crawford's makeup. i also love the way you've 
                                written o.g. on the inside of the mask. afterall, it would 
                                be terrible for him if he lost it!
                                thank you for making such a beautiful doll. 
                                i'll treasure him always."
sw- 
                                england
"eric, 
                                arrived at my house today.
                                thank you very much. it reached me in very good condition.
                                what i did first was to give a story to eric.
                                eric is the evidence of the thing that i like, music.
                                thank you for giving me a treasure and for everything you 
                                did."

ah 
                                - japan
"'he 
                                (the phantom doll) is absolutely phantastic, and his resemblance 
                                to mr. michael crawford as "the phantom of the opera" 
                                {whose phantom he is made from} is absolutely spot-on. his 
                                face is beautifully, grotesquely perfect. i love it. and i 
                                love his eyes too. i love the whole doll - masked and unmasked.'"
jc 
                              - australia











 










 


learn about the poor little lost ravensbreath ghost children, 
            their story and their ghost made ghost dolls.

 they will haunt you forever. www.ravensbreath.com or www.ghostdolls.com



 



 



 






this site conceived 1/17/98 - phantom 
              fan since 1991 -creating one of a kind art as originals by le 1975 
              - 2011 © phantom of the opera doll
              so all can enjoy, please report any problems with this website 
              here. thank you. | www.phantomoftheoperadoll.com



tags, phrases, keywords: phantom of the opera, dolls, figures, miniatures, jewellery, jewelry, ornaments, polymer clay, handmade, one of a kind collectible. erik, mask of the red death, christine daaé, little meg giry, michael crawford inspired 

 











 ~ dolls :: miniatures :: jewellery :: menu :: order :: links :: email :: home :: artist :: sitemap ~









originals by le 1975 - 2022 © phantom of the opera doll | www.phantomoftheoperadoll.com
 




 






