



peg kerr's journal — livejournal

























































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































pegkerr
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














pegkerr







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement






peg kerr's journalthe holy tree grows within the heartprevious 10 entriesrecent entriesarchivefriends' entriesprofilememories
 

 



profile


user: pegkerr
name: peg kerr
 
 

page summary
· (no subject) [+8]
· latest pet scan report - we've been on this roller coaster before [+5]
· lovely, quiet christmas at home, just us [+6]
· happy st. lucia day to you all from fiona! [+4]
· st. lucia tomorrow! [+1]
· the stump of jesse and the bramble [+9]
· john rezmerski has passed away, aged 74
· 30th anniversary pictures - tunnel through time! [+5]
· we finally caught up with rob's oncologist
· rob has had another pet scan and the news is not good. [+4]
 
 

latest month


february 2017
12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728


 

links

peg kerr, authormy books on amazon livejournalmy ljrecent commentsfaqicons: tolkien a-licons: tolkien m-zicons: tolkien mood seticons: tolkien supplemental mood seticons: harry potter a-licons: harry potter m-zicons: harry potter mood setfriends groupsfg: friends of friendsfg: kitchen sinkfg: my dailyfg: my daily w/o communitiesfriends cluster map fandomhp: fahp: harry potter lexiconhp: leaky cauldronjane austen: republic of pemberleytolkien: theonering.net otherarts & letters dailycnngooglegoogle newsmsnbc newsmy yahoorefdesk.comrotten tomatoesmy sparkpeople pagevirtual flowersthe writers almanacyahoo newsmy amazon wishlist
 
 

search


search:


category:

site & user
faq
site
region
interest
username
email
gizmo/lj talk
aim
icq number
yahoo! id
msn
jabber




 
 

entry tags
éomer/lothíriel, 100 pushups, 100 things, 2008 presidential race, 2012 presidential race, 52 week collage project, 99 percent, add1challenge, aging, alan rickman, albus dumbledore, all caps, alternity, amazonfail, amusing, anniversaries, appearances, apps, art, attagirl, awards, balance, ballet, bats, belt tests, bicycle commuting, birthdays, black belt screening, bo, book lists, books, bridge cards, bright and dark, brothers black, bucket list, bush, butterbeer experience, camping, cancer, caringbridge, carrot, casa hogar elim, cassandra claire, catchlove, cello, charity, charity:water, charlotte brontë, cheering charms, chocolate, chris stewart, christianity, christmas, church, clinicial trial, clothing, college, committee suit, community suit, companion suit, computers, congress, conventions, cooking for ingrates, cool link, copyright, council suit, creativity, critics, curse breakers, dad, dawlish and the archies, day in the life photos, deathly hallows, deaths, decrease worldsuck, delia, delia the artist, delia the artist. jewelry, depression, dftba, dickens, downloads, draco and the malfoys, dreamwidth, duolingo, dw, dws report, ebooks, edgar & the family bones, eleanor arnason, elinor dashwood, elisem, elism, emerald house rising, emma bull, entertaining, environmentalism, eowyn challenge, ethics, evertwixt, eymc, fairytale suit, faith, family, fanart, fandoms, fanfiction, fantasy, feeds, feminism, fiona, fitness, flash mobs, food, form, forms, french, friday nights, friendship ball, frugality, gardening, gay civil rights, georgette heyer, ginny and the weasleys, ginny weasley, girl scouts, glare reports, glee, goblet of fire, graduation, gred and forge, green, guestbook, haiku, haiti, half bloods, half-blood prince, halloween, happiness project, harry, harry and the potters, harry potter, harry potter alliance, harry potter and the magic of music, hashtags, health care reform, heard at dinner, heart of the beast, hearts of flesh and stone, hermione crookshanks experience, hermione granger, hobbit, holidays, holidays valentines day, holy tree, hospital, house, house of black, hp, hp alliance, hpef, hunger games, ice palace, ice palace book, icons, identity, illness, imbolc, improv everywhere, income inequality, infinitus, injury, inklings, ipod, it starts with us, jane austen, jewelry, job hunt, job training, jonathan coulton, kamas, karate, karate tournaments, katrina, kicking, kicks, kickstarter, kij johnson, kiva, layoff, layout, lbd, lena gabrielle, let's lumos, lice, light in dark places, light in dark places. imbolc, lists, literary criticism, livejournal, lizzie bennet diaries, lj, lois mcmaster bujold, lotr, love drop, lumos, lunchbox, manicure, marching basics, mark reads, marked as his equal, marketing, marriage equality, mars:curiosity, massive tool, may day, mayo, medical, meditation, memes, mentoring, mezzoman, mike ford, mindfulness, minicon, minicon41, ministry of magic, minneapolis, minnehaha, misuse of muggle artifacts office, moaning myrtles, mom, mom and dad, money, mothers day, movies, multitasking, music, my father was a werewolf, my poetry, mycharity:water, nanowrimo, national history day, nerdfighters, neville longbottom, neville's diary, new years, news, nocturne alley, nook, obama, obsessions, occupy mn, occupy wall street, oliver boyd and the remembralls, olympics, omg she's beautiful, open arms, orthodontia, p90x, pamela dean, parenting, parodies, parselmouths, patreon, patricia wrede, peeved, peg, pegkerr website, peter mayer, phone posts, piano guys, playing for change, playlists, playreading, podcasts, poetry, politics, polls, polyglot, portraits, portus, potter noyz, pottermore, presidential race, promotion, protection from nightmare necklace, radiation, ravens of unresting thought, rearranging, recession, recipes, religion, remus lupin, remus lupins, renaissance faire, resilience, restaurants, retired cards, retreat, ribbon coat, richard serrin, riddletm, ripple effect, rita, rob, romilda vane and the chocolate cauldrons, ron weasley, rowling, rubber chickens, school, sdgs, severus snape, sex, shakespeare, short stories, sick day, sirius black, sleep, slow kicks, snapchat, snapecast, snapshots, social networking, solstice, sora, soulcollage, soulcollage cards, space camp, space camp fundraiser, sparkpeople, sparring, spirituality, st. lucia day, stone arch bridge, study abroad, susan boyle, swish and flick, switchblade kittens, sword, take our daughters to work, talons & tea leaves, tapestry folk center, tarot, tarot druidcraft, tarot jane austen, television, tell me, thank you, thanksgiving, the bad place, the boy, theater, thinking about this, tiddleypom night, tim powers, tolkien, tonks and the aurors, tournaments, transpersonal, tree project, trump, tumblr, tunnel through time, twelfth night, twitter, unemployment appeal, uniform project, vacation, vacations, valentines day, vegetarian, veteran's day, videos, violin, vlog brothers, vocation, washington island, weasel king, welcome, well-lived life, whomping willows, whomping willows wizard rock, wild swans, wiscon, witching hour, wizard rock, work, working out, worthiest words, writer's block, writer's block lj, writers, writers block, writing, yoga, zen pencils
 
 


1st-feb-2017 07:57 pm(no subject)pegkerri'm over at dreamwidth. same user name.

8 commentsspeaklinkshareflag
 

 


19th-jan-2017 08:47 pm - latest pet scan report - we've been on this roller coaster beforepegkerrsome spots have disappeared. some are smaller. some are bigger. some are new.there are a couple new medical issues that we'll need to pursue further.but for now rob's being allowed to remain the study. which is probably the best possible option for him right now.read more at our caringbridge site here.this entry was originally posted at http://pegkerr.dreamwidth.org/1753837.html.  there are  comments on the post.

5 commentsspeaklinkshareflag
 

 



26th-dec-2016 11:29 am - lovely, quiet christmas at home, just uspegkerreveryone's home for the holidaysi have my christmas manicure, so i'm readystockings!breakfast preparation! here is our christmas star, uncooked:and golden brown, hot out of the oven:the table is set with yummy thingsrob and the girlsme and the girlsmy place setting:delia:fiona, rejoicing as she does every year when delia gives her extra pastry stars to eat:rob enjoys his breakfast:for the fifth year in a row, i am the only one in the entire house awake during christmas afternoonmerry christmas from us all!this entry was originally posted at http://pegkerr.dreamwidth.org/1753392.html.  there are  comments on the post.mood:happy

6 commentsspeaklinkshareflag
 

 


13th-dec-2016 07:11 am - happy st. lucia day to you all from fiona!pegkerrsnapchat just received. at first i couldn't figure out what was on her head. and then i realized: it's probably the only candle in her apartment. love and lussekatter to you all.edited to add: this was my reply:this entry was originally posted at http://pegkerr.dreamwidth.org/1753334.html.  there are  comments on the post.tags:fiona, holidays, snapchat, st. lucia daymood:hungry

4 commentsspeaklinkshareflag
 

 



12th-dec-2016 08:09 am - st. lucia tomorrow!pegkerrfiona's been making us lussekatter for years, even after she got to college. this year she's working more hours, dancing on the ballroom dance team, and stressing out over her advanced math finals. i told her i'd take care of the lussekatter this year, but i haven't had time either. so bought some st. lucia bums at the norwegian midtown global market and rob delivered them to her yesterday when he went to see her for their twice weekly math session. kept some for myself so i'll have st. lucia buns for breakfast tomorrow, too.this entry was originally posted at http://pegkerr.dreamwidth.org/1752834.html.  there are  comments on the post.mood:hungry

1 commentspeaklinkshareflag
 

 



4th-dec-2016 01:20 pm - the stump of jesse and the bramblepegkerri went to adult bible study before church. pastor was talking about today's text from isaiah, which he was basing his sermon text upon rather than today's gospel text. it's the famous part, often called "the peaceable kingdom." here's the text:1then a shoot will spring from the stem of jesse,            and a branch from his roots will bear fruit.      2the spirit of the lord will rest on him,            the spirit of wisdom and understanding,            the spirit of counsel and strength,            the spirit of knowledge and the fear of the lord.      3and he will delight in the fear of the lord,            and he will not judge by what his eyes see,            nor make a decision by what his ears hear;      4but with righteousness he will judge the poor,            and decide with fairness for the afflicted of the earth;            and he will strike the earth with the rod of his mouth,            and with the breath of his lips he will slay the wicked.      5also righteousness will be the belt about his loins,            and faithfulness the belt about his waist.      6and the wolf will dwell with the lamb,            and the leopard will lie down with the young goat,            and the calf and the young lion and the fatling together;            and a little boy will lead them.      7also the cow and the bear will graze,            their young will lie down together,            and the lion will eat straw like the ox.      8the nursing child will play by the hole of the cobra,            and the weaned child will put his hand on the viper’s den.      9they will not hurt or destroy in all my holy mountain,            for the earth will be full of the knowledge of the lord            as the waters cover the sea.      10then in that day            the nations will resort to the root of jesse,            who will stand as a signal for the peoples;            and his resting place will be glorious.isaiah, 11:1-10this is a text often used during advent because christians recognize the shoot from the stump of jesse as christ, descending from the house of david. (as usual, i raised my hand and spoke about my habitual irritation that the first chapter of matthew traces jesus's ancestry, from father to son only--no women here--through joseph back to david. and wasn't that pointless, since the story of the virgin birth means that joseph had nothing to do with jesus' ancestry.  as usual, pastor acknowledged my point and moved on.)  pastor went on to mention that people reading this in isaiah's time would take this as being about a newly crowned king, like, say, hezekiah.  i looked at the description of the ideal king here ("the spirit of the lord will rest on him,/ the spirit of wisdom and understanding,/the spirit of counsel and strength, / the spirit of knowledge and the fear of the lord. / and he will delight in the fear of the lord, / and he will not judge by what his eyes see, / nor make a decision by what his ears hear; / but with righteousness he will judge the poor, / and decide with fairness for the afflicted of the earth"). that doesn't sound a lot like trump, i thought, sadly considering the recent election. he is so gullible that he bases his reasoning on every baseless thing he sees on the internet, and as for judging the poor and deciding with fairness for the afflicted, no. he sounds like the opposite of that.  and the peaceable kingdom sounds like the opposite of trump's america.as pastor continued, i idly started flipping back further to look for references to david and stopped suddenly when a bit of poetry jumped out at me from the middle of a passage of prose.  i looked at the top of the top of the page, and read "the parable of the trees."  now, trees, as readers of this blog know, is a subject of particular fascination for me, but i didn't remember this at all.  here is the bit that caught my eye, which is taken from judges 9:8-15:“8the trees once went forth to anoint a king over them.and they said to the olive tree,‘reign over us!’9 but the olive tree said to them,‘should i cease giving my oil,with which they honor god and men,and go to sway over trees?’10 “then the trees said to the fig tree,‘you come and reign over us!’11 but the fig tree said to them,‘should i cease my sweetness and my good fruit,and go to sway over trees?’12 “then the trees said to the vine,‘you come and reign over us!’13 but the vine said to them,‘should i cease my new wine,which cheers both god and men,and go to sway over trees?’14 “then all the trees said to the bramble,‘you come and reign over us!’15 and the bramble said to the trees,‘if in truth you anoint me as king over you,then come and take shelter in my shade;but if not, let fire come out of the brambleand devour the cedars of lebanon!’read this commentary here.my goodness, i thought. that's trump, that's absolutely trump.  read the verses around the parable, too, judges 8:22 through the entirety of judges 9 and the wikipedia entry here.  he won his throne by treachery, climbing over a heap of bodies (think the republican primary and then the general election). he is like the bramble; the other trees bore fruit, but the bramble bears only hurtful thorns, and when the other trees turned to him, he revealed only a penchant for selfish ambition and treachery. and that's what trump has done, too.  all he has for us is thorns.  and note the manner of his death:  after cutting a swath through and killing thousands of his own people, he is hit on the head by a woman who throws a millstone down on the top of his head from the top of the tower he is besieging.  get this, he beseeches his armor-bearer to kill him so that he wouldn't be known as a man defeated by a woman.  i guess treachery goes hand in hand with misogyny.if the parable can be truly be applied today, putting trump in the role of abimelech, it suggests that trump and the republicans will end up destroying each other. and the republicans should have seen it coming, but no, they started with treachery, and started robbing people and jostling for power, causing trump to take revenge, and so they will reap what they have sown.this entry was originally posted at http://pegkerr.dreamwidth.org/1752632.html.  there are  comments on the post.tags:church, politics, thinking about this, trump

9 commentsspeaklinkshareflag
 

 



6th-nov-2016 02:46 pm - john rezmerski has passed away, aged 74pegkerri'm listening right now to rez reading his long poem "cataloguing the flow: elegy."  there is an .mp3 embedded in his star tribune obituary.  it is comforting to hear his voice again, and so sad to realize i'll never hear it again in real life.i'm going to miss rez terribly, especially at minicon. he was one of the favorites on the lady poetesses from hell panel which performed on the last day of the con every year. i have many a fond memory of him in a granny shawl closed with a brooch and a silly hat, reading from his hilarious chapbook "one and twenty poems by grace lord stoke."  and trying (and failing) not to crack up.(photo credit david e. romm barondave . used with permission).rez, i lit a candle for you at the all saints service at my church today. i will miss you.

this entry was originally posted at http://pegkerr.dreamwidth.org/1752465.html.  there are  comments on the post.tags:deaths, poetrymood:sad

speaklinkshareflag
 

 


4th-nov-2016 08:45 am - 30th anniversary pictures - tunnel through time!pegkerrthese were taken by a friend, john walsh, who is a professional photographer. thanks for doing such a great shoot with us, john!we haven't had a nice professional photo taken of rob in, like, forever:and here it is! the famous tunnel through time, taken every decade, now in its fourth iteration.( and i'm adding this one, which is all about how hard this year has beencollapse )this entry was originally posted at http://pegkerr.dreamwidth.org/1752108.html.  there are  comments on the post.tags:portraits, rob, tunnel through timemood:pleased

5 commentsspeaklinkshareflag
 

 



14th-oct-2016 10:11 am - we finally caught up with rob's oncologistpegkerrwe finally caught up with rob's oncologist who interpreted the pet scan from two weeks ago for us. rob has put on a waiting list for a new clinical study. he may get called to go in for tests sometime in the next 2-8 weeks. he would be a good candidate, but he may be ineligible because of his participation in an earlier study. read more at our caringbridge post.this entry was originally posted at http://pegkerr.dreamwidth.org/1751482.html.  there are  comments on the post.tags:cancer, caringbridge, clinicial trial, mayo, medical, robmood:cautiously hopeful

speaklinkshareflag
 

 


1st-oct-2016 05:11 pm - rob has had another pet scan and the news is not good.pegkerrit's all summed up in the first line of the report: "mixed changes with however worsening of lymphoma."read the rest at the caringbridge post here.this entry was originally posted at http://pegkerr.dreamwidth.org/1751120.html.  there are  comments on the post.tags:cancer, caringbridge, medical, robmood:distressed

4 commentsspeaklinkshareflag
 

 
previous 10 entriestop of page this page was loaded feb 17th 2025, 6:51 pm gmt.  































