 bristlecone treatment services     
 
skip to content

 
main menuhomeadmissionsaboutservicesadult drug courttransitional living & housingoutpatient treatmentresidential treatmentfamily treatment courtgambling addiction treatment education (gate)get involvedcareerscontact
flyout menu
homeadmissionsaboutservicesadult drug courttransitional living & housingoutpatient treatmentresidential treatmentfamily treatment courtgambling addiction treatment education (gate)get involvedcareerscontact


where change happens one life at a time.
one of northern nevada’s oldest and largest non-profit ​addiction recovery programs


get help now


bristlecone offers a full range of treatment services.bristlecone recovery center is a private non-profit agency that provides northern nevada, washoe county, and our surrounding rural communities with the most comprehensive, culturally relevant, addiction recovery treatment available today. for nearly 60 years our mission has been to bring desperately needed addiction services to an underserved population of individuals seeking to improve their lives and be free from crippling mental health issues. if you’re suffering from substance use, problem gambling, or co-occurring disorders and are ready to make a change, we’re ready to walk with you on the road to recovery. to get more information on the necessary steps to being admitted and what to expect while in treatment, please give us a call at 775-954-1400 or get help now!vision
bristlecone, where change happens one life at a time.mission
by providing strengths-based, needs-driven addiction and mental health services, we will bring treatment to an underserved population of individuals suffering from substance use, gambling, and psychological challenges that may otherwise not have access to care. ​we believehonesty and ethics are foundational to our mission.that empathy and compassion connect us to our clients.by encouraging personal growth and continued learning we foster hope.all are welcomeresidential ​treatmentthe residential program provides clients with the tools necessary to reclaim their lives. clients live on the premises for a duration of time recommended in their treatment plan. clients learn new ways to manage the issues associated with their addiction through group, individual and family sessions.outpatient ​treatmentoutpatient treatment offers many of the same benefits as residential treatment without the client living on the premises. bristlecone’s outpatient programs offer flexible schedules that are least disruptive to one’s life. participation varies depending upon the client’s personal, clinical, or legal needs.transitional living programthe transitional living program gives individuals the opportunity to live in a safe and sober environment while readjusting to the community post-treatment. transitional living allows clients to learn and exercise healthy behaviors and coping mechanisms to handle everyday situations and stressors. individuals who enter transitional living are 25% more likely to maintain sobriety.what we do.
bristlecone family resources offers comprehensive addiction, problem gambling and mental wellness treatment services in nevada. bristlecone customizes treatment plans which then serve as a roadmap for clients in pursuit of a clean and healthy lifestyle for themselves and their families.social model detoxificationresidential treatmenttransitional careoutpatient servicesaftercare programstargeted case managementour impact on the communitymeals served annually

0
outpatient clients currently served

0
residential and transitional living beds and growing!

0
join our mission.


get involved

volunteer, donate, advocate.
our door is always open.bristlecone family resources704 mill streetreno, nv 89502bristlecone recovery center is a 501(c)3.
​scan to donate

donate now  


 scroll to top          



