

truthnews internet news magazine
















































  massive military drill under way in russia’s far east
 

a massive military-readiness drill has been taking place in russia's far east.  president vladimir putin ordered the surprise drill on july 12 to check the alert status of all forces in russia's eastern military district.
 

  journalist says snowden still has powerful information
 

a journalist who has interviewed edward snowden and seen some of the fugitive american leaker's data says snowden still has information that could become the united states' "worst nightmare" if revealed.  glenn greenwald, "the guardian" journalist who was the first to publish documents from snowden, said in an interview: "snowden has enough information to cause harm to the u.s. government in a single minute than any other person has ever had."
 

  man-made earthquakes on the rise
 

the number of earthquakes in the central and eastern united states has increased dramatically over the past few years, and scientists think the reason could be due to the disposal of wastewater associated with oil and gas production.  according to a report by the u.s. geological survey, there were more than 300 earthquakes above magnitude 3.0 from 2010 to 2012.
 
 
  
headlines



 white house working to address lawmakers’ worries on syria aid

 muslem brotherhood vows to continue cairo rallies

 kerry set to return to jerusalem for another round of talks

 syrians beginning to reject islamist factions

 massive military drill under way in russia’s far east

 journalist says snowden still has powerful information

 un tribunal reinstates genocide charge against karadzic

 abortion law vote polarizes ireland

 two reported killed in pakistan after u.s. drone strike

 canada’s anglicans urged to fight zionism

 wage growth slows worldwide

 search, recovery continue after philippines typhoon

 man-made earthquakes on the rise

 zimmerman not guilty in shooting death of unarmed black teenager

 obama urges calm in wake of jury verdict

 obama presses case for "fiscal cliff" deal






truthnews features
america
israel
europe
world
media
culture
technology
commentary


  canada’s anglicans urged to fight zionism
 

the anglican church of canada passed a resolution at the recent general synod in ottawa on 3-7 july urging members to educate themselves "more deeply" about "the impact of illegal settlements on the lives of both palestinians and israelis; about imported products identified as produced in or related to the illegal settlements and misleadingly labeled as produced in israel; and about the complexities of economic advocacy measures."
 

  protecting all americans from obamacare’s mandates
 
 john boehner
           
after months of insisting that things were ‘on track’ and ‘fabulous,’ the obama administration and its allies have finally acknowledged what ohio families and job creators already know: the president’s health care law is unworkable. in delaying obamacare’s flawed employer mandate for one year, the administration is acknowledging it has no choice but to provide needed relief to large employers from burdens imposed by the law that are clearly dragging on our economy and jobs growth.
 

  unworkable
 
 joe pitts
           
there’s a routine scene that shows up in many comedy television shows and movies. the characters assemble something complex, often a car engine. at the end of assembly, they are left with a single part left over. someone usually looks at this part and remarks, "i hope that wasn’t important." sometimes the scene ends with the engine blowing up and the characters’ faces covered in soot.
 

  islamist gunmen attack police in egyptian sinai
 

an attack on an egyptian security checkpoint near the border with israel left one police officer dead and another wounded friday morning, highlighting the increasingly fragile stability in the area. a report thursday in the london-based al-hayat newspaper said the army has killed or captured over 200 islamist gunmen in the penninsula in recent days, including nearly 80 fighters from the palestinian terror militia hamas which rules the gaza strip.
 

  iraq "can’t stop" iran arms transfer to syria
 

iraq's foreign minister has told a pan-arab newspaper that his country is unable to stop neighboring iran from sending weapons to syria through its airspace.  the london-based "asharq al-awsat" daily quoted hoshyar zebari as saying: "we reject and condemn the transfer of weapons through our airspace and we will inform the iranian side of that formally."
 

  al-qaeda reportedly kills syrian rebel commander
 

the opposition free syrian army (fsa) says an al-qaeda-linked rebel group has killed one of its top commanders.
 

  white house working to address lawmakers’ worries on syria aid
 

the white house says it continues to work to address concerns u.s. lawmakers have about president barack obama's decision announced in june to send lethal aid to syrian rebel forces.  worries in congress about obama's plan to send lethal aid, reportedly small arms and ammunition, to the free syrian army emerged in reports by the washington post and other media.
 

  china, u.s. spar over intelligence leaker snowden
 

officials from china and the united states have sharply disagreed over beijing's handling of the fugitive u.s. spy agency contractor edward snowden.  u.s. deputy secretary of state william burns said washington was "very disappointed" that china had not sent snowden back from hong kong to the united states where snowden is wanted for leaking details of secret u.s. surveillance programs.
 

  obama, putin discuss snowden case
 

u.s. president barack obama and russian president vladimir putin have discussed by telephone the case of fugitive american intelligence leaker edward snowden.  no details about the call were immediately released.
 

  obama pushes for house passage of immigration bill
 

president barack obama has called for passage of a senate-backed immigration bill that would strengthen border security and offer a pathway to earned citizenship for people who are currently in the country illegally. obama said saturday that the bill passed by the majority-democratic senate would provide "a big boost" to the nation's economy.
 

  archeologists discover ancient canaanite inscription in jerusalem
 

archeologists discover ancient canaanite inscription in jerusalem hebrew university of jerusalem archaeologist dr. eilat mazar announced this week that she has found the earliest alphabetical written text ever uncovered in the jewish state’s nearly 4,000 year-old capital city.
 

  israeli-arab christians form new political party
 

in a sign of an emerging sea change in the attitudes of israel’s christian-arab population, a group of community leaders have announced the formation of a new political party called "b’nei brit hahadasha" or "sons of the new testament" which has as part of its platform encouraging arab-israeli christian youth to volunteer for the idf or national service.
 












© 2013 truthnews. all rights reserved.

and ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free.








