











 mesa spirit rv resort




























 




 







menu


our resort
vacation cottages
rv sites
home sales
contact us
 




book now
(877) 570-2267






photo gallery











catch the spirit at mesa spirit rv resort!
number of sites: 1667   open year round   call: (877) 570-2267
age qualified resort
located closely to sky harbor airport, tempe and gilbert, and the beautiful superstition mountains, mesa spirit is a beautiful desert rv resort in mesa arizona. people stay at our resort because we offer state of the art amenities as well as the comfort of traditional rv camping. we are a hidden gem in the desert, that offers extensive activities and special events programs during the winter season. events and programs are staffed and run by our activities director and many of our wonderful resident seasonal workers. with the assistance and support of the activity team.

map & directions
general policies and information





photo gallery





rv-micro-swoosh




packed with amenities
whether you’re planning a retreat for a group of friends or a getaway for two, there’s no shortage of unique activities to explore at mesa spirit rv resort. plan activities upon arrival or visit this page before your departure to plan ahead. looking for more? our friendly staff can fill you in on all of the great ways to make your stay a memorable experience.
ballroom/banquet hallbocce ballcomputer roomcornholedog parkfitness centergame room/billiardshorseshoeslaundry facilitieslibrarymini golfpet friendlypickleball courtpicnic/bbq arearestroom/shower facilitiesshuffleboardswimming pooltennis courttv/theatre roomwhirlpool/spa/hot tubwifi - common areas








vacation cottage rentals
enjoy a getaway retreat in one of our beautiful and spacious vacation cottages. each of our cottages has a private deck with a table and chairs, full kitchen with coffee maker, pots, pans, dishes and a microwave, flat-screen tv, sleeper sofa, linens & paper products.




cottage premium (sleeps 4)these delightful cottages have a queen bed in the bedroom and a fully equipped kitchen. the full bathroom has a shower. most include a sleeper sofa in the living room. no land phone lines available. 


pets are welcomed in select cottages. advise of pet requirements at the time of booking. see our policies page for other information about pets in our rentals.view gallery








bring your rv
in addition to our spacious vacation cottages, we also offer rv site rentals. all rv sites offer electric, water and cable tv.


pull-through value: pavement sites with 30/50 amp electric and cable hookup

back-in premium: gravel sites with 30/50 amp electric with sewer. some have a concrete patio. can accommodate any size rv
pull-through premium: gravel sites with 30/50 amp electric with sewer. some have a concrete patio. can accommodate any size rv
pull-through elite: pavement sites 30/50 amp electric and sewer, cable hook up and picnic table





download resort map




 







sign up for news & deals 

















thank you

×



thank you for signing up for news and deals from mesa spirit!


close




 









3020 e main st, mesa, az 85213
call (877) 570-2267

map & directions

book now
©2025 mesa spirit general policies and information privacy policy





book now





mesa spirit rv resort privacy policy

×



privacy policyliability disclaimer
the information, software, products, and services published on this website may include
inaccuracies or typographical errors. we update and/or change the information provided on
www.rvonthego.com site and our campusa app from time to time. equity lifestyle properties,
inc. ("els") and/or its affiliates and suppliers make no representations about the
suitability of the information, products, software and services contained on this website.
information contained on this website is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind. els
and/or its respective affiliates and suppliers hereby disclaim all warranties with regard
to this information, software, products, and services, including all implied warranties of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement. in no event
shall els and/or its suppliers be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental,
special or consequential damages arising out of or in any way connected with the use of
this website or with any delay in using or inability to use this website, or for any
information, software, products, or services obtained through this web site, or otherwise
arising out of the use of this website, whether based on contract, tort, strict liability
or otherwise, even if els or any of its suppliers has been advised of the possibility of
such damages. because some states/jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation
of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply
to you. reservations based on inaccurate information are subject to cancellation at our
discretion.
equity lifestyle properties, inc. (hereinafter the "company" or "we", "us" or "our") is
committed to safeguarding your privacy online. please read the following policy to
understand how your personal information will be treated as you access our various web
sites, e-mails, social media or mobile applications (hereinafter "our sites"). this policy
may change from time to time so please check back periodically.
digital millennium copyright act (“dmca”) notice
if you believe any material available via this website infringes a copyright you own or control, you may file a notification of such infringement with our designated agent as set forth below.
equity lifestyle properties, inc.
two north riverside plaza, suite 800
chicago, il 60606
attention: dmca designated agent
webmaster@equitylifestyle.com
please see 17 u.s.c. §512(c)(3) for the requirements of a proper notification. you should note that if you knowingly misrepresent in your notification that the material or activity is infringing, you will be liable for any damages, including costs and attorneys' fees, incurred by us or the alleged infringer as the result of our relying upon such misrepresentation in removing or disabling access to the material or activity claimed to be infringing.
if a notice of copyright infringement has been filed against material posted by you on the website, you may make a counter-notification with our designated agent listed above, provided that such counter-notification complies with the requirements of 17 u.s.c. §512(g)(3). if we receive a valid counter-notification, it may reinstate the removed or disabled material in accordance with the dmca.
this policy will let you know:

1.
what personally identifiable information is collected from you;

2.
what cookies are and how they are used;

3.
who is collecting your information?

4.
how your information is used;

5.
with whom your information may be shared;

6.
what choices are available to you regarding collection, use, and distribution of
your information;

7.
how we protect children's privacy;

8.
our policy for the use of images;

9.
what you should know before uploading your own content.




 

1. what personally identifiable information is collected from you?

we collect information about you and from you in various different ways when you
interact with our sites. as one example, some personal information is collected when
you register on our sites, at which time we may ask you for your name, postal address,
email address, telephone number, and other information that we find helpful in order to
provide our customers with the very best service we can.
in addition to registration we may ask you for personal information at other times,
including (but not limited to) when you make a reservation or take advantage of the
other features of the site. for example, if you pay for a reservation with a credit
card, we would collect the account number in order to process the payment. if you
contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.



 

2. what cookies are and how they are used?

as part of offering and providing customizable and personalized services, our sites may
use†cookies to store and sometimes track information about you. a cookie is a small
amount of data that is sent to your browser from a server and stored on your computer's
hard drive. several features of our sites require that you accept cookies in order to
work properly. we often use cookies to store visitors' preferences and record session
information.
we use cookies in order to optimize our marketing efforts as well as those of other
third parties, with regard to advertising. these cookies are shared with third parties
such as advertising and social media networks, or other companies, in order for these
entities to be able to yield more efficient use of available advertising inventory.
for these purposes, the cookies are usually placed by the advertising networks and
other media properties we work with. this functionality enables these entities to
remember that you have visited our sites, and this information is then shared with
third parties such as advertisers and data processing and targeting companies.
cookies are also placed by other third parties, such as companies that track, measure
and analyze various aspects of our web site activity in order to help us customize and
improve the web site experience for visitors to our sites, and to provide other third
parties with information about visitors to our sites to help optimize their marketing
efforts.
you have choices with respect to cookies. by modifying your browser preferences, you
have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set, or to
reject all cookies. if you choose to reject all cookies you will be unable to use
those services of our sites that require registration in order to participate. these
services include auto-fill in of the logon form, the ability to book reservations,
and potentially other features of our sites. however, you can still use other
features of our sites even if you do not accept cookies. our sites may also collect†ip
addresses†which can be used to correlate a cookie with your specific computer or device.
please also note that you can opt out of our advertising service provider(s) and other
companies' tracking cookies by visiting the digital advertising alliance located at
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ or the network
advertising initiative located at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.



 

3. who is collecting your information?

when you are asked for personal information on our sites, you are sharing that
information with equity lifestyle properties, inc. and its affiliates, unless it
is specifically stated otherwise.
we also work with third-party companies that use their tracking technologies
(including cookies and pixel tags) on our websites in order to provide tailored
advertisements on our behalf and on behalf of other advertisers across the internet.
these companies may collect information about your activity on our sites and your
interaction with our advertising and other communications and use this information
to determine which ads you see on third-party websites and applications. for more
information about this practice and to understand your options including how to opt
out of receiving these tailored advertisements, please visit the network advertising
initiative’s (nai’s) consumer opt-out page, currently located at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.



 

4. how your information is used?

the primary goal of our sites in collecting personal information is to provide you,
the user, with a customized and optimized experience and to assist you in communications
and completing transactions with us.
from time to time, we may allow third party advertising networks to collect and use your
information to show you targeted ads (including our ads) on our sites or on other sites
. this typically involves the ad network collecting and tracking certain technical
information (such as your ip address) and web site usage information (such as your
browsing history) on our sites and across many other sites on the web. however, this
does not involve the collection, use, or sharing of your personal contact information,
such as your name or email address. you can opt-out from this type of third party
tracking at any time by going to:

http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp

with respect to security, when we receive certain types of sensitive information such
as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server. we have reasonable
security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of
information that we have collected from you on our site.



 

5. with whom your information may be shared?

as a general rule, we will not disclose any of your personally identifiable information
except as set forth below.
we may share information about you within the equity lifestyle properties, inc. family
of companies in order to better serve you and to offer you worthwhile products and
services. we are permitted by law to share with our affiliates identification
information, such as your name and address, and facts about your transactions and
experiences with us (such as your payment history and other transactions on your
accounts with us). unless you otherwise request, we may also share all of the other
information we collect with our affiliates. you may request that we not share this
other information with our affiliates by following the procedure explained in "what
choices are available to you regarding collection, use, and distribution of your
information?" below. we will implement your request within a reasonable time after we
receive it.
we may share your information (including personal contact information about you) as set
forth below.

with agents and contractors who help us run our sites or perform other services on
our behalf (e.g., e-mail delivery, mailing list management, analysis, optimization
services, etc.). these companies are only allowed to access and use your information
for the specific task they've been hired to do and are required to keep your
information confidential and secure.
for legal-related purposes (if necessary), including disclosures in connection with
a lawsuit or legal investigation, court order, governmental inquiry, enforcement of
legal rights (e.g., contract terms, intellectual property rights, etc.), fraud
investigation, safety issue, or other similar matter.

we are permitted by law to share all the information we collect, as described above:
(1) with companies that perform marketing services on our behalf, and (2) with other
nonaffiliated third parties such as third parties that assist us with processing or
collecting payments on your account. please be advised that the preferences you express
as described below will not apply to the sharing of information with these third
parties.
unless you request otherwise, we may share all the information we collect, as described
above, with additional types of nonaffiliated third parties, such as firms that offer
products and services of interest to our customers. in connection therewith:
(a) if you supply us with your e-mail address, you may receive periodic e-mails from us
regarding products or services or upcoming events we think you might find interesting.
in addition, from time to time, we make our e-mail list available to other reputable
organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting.
(b) if you supply us with your postal address, you may receive periodic mailings from
us with information regarding products or services or upcoming events we think you
might find interesting. in addition, from time to time, we make our customer mailing
list available to other reputable organizations whose products or services we think
you might find interesting.
(c) if you supply us with your telephone number, you may receive telephone contact from
us with information on new products or services or upcoming events we think you might
find interesting.
if you do not wish to receive such emails, mailings or telephone calls, you may request
that we not share nonpublic personal information about you with nonaffiliated third
parties by following the procedure explained in "what choices are available to you
regarding collection, use, and distribution of your information" below. we will
implement your request within a reasonable time after we receive it.
we may also disclose account information in special cases when we have reason to
believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring
legal action against someone who may be violating the terms and conditions or access
agreement of our sites or may be causing injury to or interference with (either
intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, users of our sites, or
anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. we may disclose or access
account information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it and for
administrative and other purposes that we deem necessary to maintain, service, and
improve our products and services.



 

6. what choices are available to you regarding collection, use, and distribution of
your information?

if you choose not to register or provide personal information, you can still use most
of our sites, but you will not be able to access areas or use features that require
registration.
you may also tell us your preferences by:

sending an email to 
opt-out@equitylifestyle.com
.
calling us toll free at 877-570-2267.
writing us at equity lifestyle properties, inc., two north riverside plaza, suite
800, chicago, il 60606, attn: privacy

when you contact us, please be prepared to provide the following information
for each individual:

first name, middle initial and last name
address, city, state and zip code
telephone number (if applicable)
e-mail address (if applicable)




 

7. how we protect children's privacy

our sites are general audience sites. children should always ask a parent for
permission before sending personal information to anyone online. we do not
intentionally collect or share personal information about users under the age of
13. in addition, we will not send any direct email offers to users who indicate they
are under the age of 13.



 

8. our policy for the use of images

all images and/or pictures of properties featured on our sites are our property, and
any unauthorized reproduction, appropriation, or distribution of the aforementioned
images and/or pictures is prohibited.



 

9. what you should know before uploading your own content

if you upload your own content to our sites or via social media, such as comments,
reviews, photos, or videos of your stay at one of our properties, you should note
that this content will be accessible by the public at large, and not just by us.
therefore, you should never upload any content that you do not want others to have
access to. it is also important that you only upload content that is not identifiable
to you personally, such as your email or postal addresses, phone number, names of your
children, etc. you should not upload photos of videos that include people that you do
not know and/or have their permission to use.

eu general data protection regulation (gdpr) notice

rvonthego.com does not envisage the offering of its products and services to individuals located in the european union.
les produits et services offerts sur rvonthego.com ne s'adressent pas aux particuliers situés dans l'union européenne.
rvonthego.com no planea ofrecer sus productos y servicios a individuos que viven en la unión europea.
 







mesa spirit rv resort general policies and information

×




general policies & information

policies subject to change without notice.

hours

rv check-in: 1 p.m. - dusk
rv check-out: 11 a.m.
rental check-in: 3 p.m.
rental check-out: 11 a.m.
courtesy patrol (daily): 7 a.m. - midnight
pool: 7 a.m. - 11 p.m.
bistro/café (m-f during season): varied hours for breakfast and lunch
pet parks: available 24 hours
quiet hours: 10 p.m. - 7 a.m.

in-season

mon - fri: 9 a.m. - 4 p.m.
sat: 10 a.m. - 3 p.m.
sun: closed

off-season

monday - friday 9 a.m. - 3 p.m.

check-in/check-out

$30 fee charged for early check in and/or late check out requests.
minimum check-in age is 55 years.
all rv guests must enter from the main street entrance and check in with guard shack.
no university drive gate access for new arrivals.
please have guests contact resort directly for instructions during office hours if they will be arriving after hours. courtesy patrol is available to check them in after office hours and park up until dusk hours. $250 deposit to reserve and the balance is due on arrival.
a two-hour early check-in and/or two-hour late check-out may be available for an additional fee. if interested in either option, contact the management office in advance of your arrival to inquire about availability.

after hours arrival

for late arrival arrangements, please contact our reservation department at (888) 726-8744.
arrivals after dusk will be parked on curb with electric hook up.

reservation & rates

mandatory two night reservations required for weekends and 3 nights for holidays.
single night midweek campsite reservations may be booked.
prices and site location are subject to availability and can not guarantee exact site location.
the rates displayed do not include any applicable service fees or charges for optional incidentals.
to make changes to your reservation please call our reservation department at (877) 864-2728 and specify that you booked on line and provide rez number.
rv sites and lodging typically accommodate four guests. a guest fee is added per day to the reservation rate for each additional guest over four.

deposit details

by using a credit card for a deposit, guarantee or payment, you agree to the following: if i used a credit card for a deposit or payment, i authorize mch mesa spirit llc, to charge any expenses incurred during my stay to that credit card or apply funds you have on deposit for incidents, electric or outstanding lot rent.

daily/weekly stays

your credit card will be charged a deposit of one night rack rate. any remaining balance is due at check in.

extended stays

for all stays of one month or longer, a one month deposit up to a maximum deposit of $750 is required at the time of reservation. balance due on reservation start date.
monthly - $250 deposit due at time of reservation. remaining balance is due on reservation start date.
length of annual: 6 month stay - background required and lease agreement to be signed upon approval.
length of seasonal: any stays 3 to 6 months. special rates apply for winter months.
background check: $50 per person (18 & over) $25 for each additional person.
for all stays of 30 days or longer, there will be an electric charge based on usage.
for all stays of 30 days or longer, there will be an additional trash fee charge.

cancellation and refund policy

in the case of multiple sites booked, cancellation penalties apply to each site that is cancelled or changed.
no refunds will be issued for early check-out.
rv campsites: we allow full refunds for cancellations up to 2 days prior to your arrival date for daily and weekly reservations.
we allow full refunds for cancellations 60 days prior to your arrival date for daily and weekly reservations.
rental accommodations: we allow full refunds for cancellations 7 days prior to your arrival date for daily and weekly reservations.
daily and weekly reservations: for cancellations received less than the required notice period prior to arrival, your deposit will be forfeited up to one night rack rate.
extended stays: for long-term reservations (28 days or longer), we allow full refunds for cancellations up to 60 days prior to your arrival date. for cancellations received less than the required notice period prior to arrival, the deposit amount will be held on account for a future stay. the only exception is a death or documented major family medical emergency, which will entitle the guest to full refund of the deposit if the cancellation is made prior to check-in. refunds for death or extended hospitalization will be reviewed on an individual basis at the regional level.

rental policies

$250 deposit to reserve and the balance is due on arrival (refundable after check-out walk through)
$200 cleaning fee applies
30-day minimum stay required

pet policy

pets welcome. 2 pets max per site. pets now allowed on all sites. no size restrictions, please double check with property for any aggressive breeds. pets may also be permitted in rentals, please check rental tab for more information.

campground services & information

mail services: the us postal service delivers mail directly to sites. there is a mail box for outgoing mail in a us post box located by the flag pole outside main office building. there are 2 postal offices about a 5 to 10 minute drive away. our resort will be working with parcel pending to provide electronic lockers and offer a new package service. beginning february 2020, guests can enjoy these great benefits with parcel pending lockers. office does not hold or take package delivers from amazon, ups, fed ex. all deliveries must be sent to guest site.
tow trailers: tow trailers/storage trailers are allowed on rv sites, provided they fit within the limits of the site, and it is in good condition.
no truck camper or camping trailers with canvas.
sites amperage: mesa spirit does not have any 30 amp sites. adapters are available for $20 (price subject to change)
retail monthly rv stay: available for stays of 30 days or more. this is an age qualified resort. each party must have one person 55 years of age. for any february bookings for 28 days, using a monthly rate group, reservations for all length of stays are paid in full at check in. electricity is an additional charge for all stays that are 30 days or longer.
honey wagon: no honey wagon.
storage: no rv storage available.
golf carts: gas & electric permitted. licensed drivers only. all drivers must be over the age of 18.
golf cart rentals: no on site rentals.
no propane sales on site or tanks filled on community grounds per city of mesa code. propane tanks may be dropped off for use when ordered by an independent supplier, or propane is available at nearby local dealers located out of the community.
packages mailed to mesa spirit will only be received via parcel pending. resort personnel will no longer be accepting packages. to learn more about the service visit https://www.parcelpending.com/residents/ or call 1-855-316-4756. to sign up, visit https://my.parcelpending.com/signup.
this is an age-qualified resort. for age-qualified resorts, a fourteen-day limit on guests and children applies.
all rv sites are 50 amp. guests with 30 amp rigs will need a 30 amp adapter. (sold by campground if customer does not have one for a cost of $20
all rates are based on a party of two. extra guests are charged at a rate of $4 per day, per person.
we will do our best to hold the campsite specified in your confirmation letter. however we cannot guarantee that a site change will not occur.
electricity is billed for stays of thirty days or more.
this is an age qualified resort. each party must have one person 55 years of age.

 
 
























































































































































































×




our resort
vacation cottages
rv sites
home sales
contact us
 





