






new mexico racing commission | we exist to provide regulation in an equitable manner to new mexico's pari-mutual horseracing industry















































click on the medication & testing tab below for updated information regarding split samples














home
news
meetings

upcoming meetings
agendas & minutes
listen to recorded meetings


upcoming events

calendar
submit an event


about the commission

staff
commissioners
careers


contact us

















rules & regulations
licensing
forms
health medication & testing
rulings
racetracks & resources
race dates
hisa





















 












***until further notice. our office will be closed to the public. we will see visitors by appointment only. please call 505-222-0700.




welcome to the new mexico
racing commission
our mission
we exist to provide regulation in an equitable manner to new mexico’s pari-mutuel horseracing industry to protect the interest of wagering patrons and the state of new mexico in a manner which promotes a climate of economic prosperity for horsemen, horse owners and racetrack management.


upcoming events



            categories       commission meeting                 agenda         day        month        week          2024    jan    february 2025    mar    2026         sun mon tue wed thu fri sat               1          2       3       4       5       6       7       8          9       10       11       12       13       14       15          16       17       18       19       20     regular commission meeting (live & virtual)   9:00 am      regular commission meeting (live & virtual) @ nm racing commission boardroom   feb 20 @ 9:00 am – 4:30 pm       tickets           21       22          23       24       25       26       27       28           2024    jan    february 2025    mar    2026            subscribe        add to timely calendar      add to google      add to outlook      add to apple calendar      add to other calendar      export to xml         





 
















home
meetings
upcoming events
about the commission
contact us
site map
disclaimer














powered by real time solutions – website design & document management



 









manage cookie consent






we use cookies to optimize our website and our service.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent
 





























