




exotic shorthair kittens and cats | purfurvid cattery exotic shorthair breeder





























main
              menu






introduction &  news
our exotic & persian cats
our top winners
available kittens & cats
our kitten photo gallery
care & grooming
nutrition
links to our friends
contact us
wanna show cats?
website & graphic design























follow me on...




   

















subscribe!
get an email alert frompurfurvid when the
    available pages
    are updated...
* indicates required


	  email address  *




first name




last name




are you interested in only show/breeding kittens?  *



no
yes



subscribed 


subscribed



email format: 
html text




 









      proud to exclusively
      register & show in:









welcome


 
an
exotic
shorthair cats and occasionally persian cats
cattery, purfurvid cattery exclusively
registers and shows in cfa and combines quality exotic shorthair and
persian lines which include cfa grand champions, distinguished merits,
national winners and regional winners. we specialize in bicolor/calico division exotic shorthair and persian cats. all cats at
purfurvid are dna pkd negative. purfurvid is a cfa cattery of distinction.
hello and welcome to our online cattery of exotics and persians! my name is jeanne scholz-snyder        and my cfa registered cattery name is purfurvid. i 
        work as a web 
          developer ...
  
  read more... 



cfa exotic breed council and cfa persian breed council member 
our news

new grand premier!! and 2 new dms!!!
    i showed gp purfurvid twinkie launcher in 2018-2019 in the premiership class at 8 years old. she received her gp title at the victor valley cat club show in palm springs on feb 9, 2019. titling twinkie in turn caused both her father, gc purfurvid pistol, dm, and her mother, perfikatz sweetstuff of purfurvid, dm  to both earn their distinguished merit title!!! a huge thank you to everyone who helped make those dms possible and congratulations to them as well!!

 

one-show grand premier!!...at 8 years old! congratulations to my exotic mentor, diana quintana (corsica cattery) and her daughter lindsey quintana for granding gc gp purfurvid ametralladora petria at the last show of the season in las vegas this past weekend, april 28-29, 2018. lindsey has kept peaches in such wonderful condition and they decided to show her for fun. thank you so much, lindsey, for loving her and taking such great care of her. 
 


third  new grand from the same litter!!  gc purfurvid soda pop of hammy was  granded august 27, 2017 by fan meng and nuo guo in china! thank you so much meng and guo for showing him and thank you to all the judges who loved!! soda pop is son of purfurvid king-of-hearts and purfurvid snapple pop.
gc purfurvid soda pop of hammy finished cfa's 2017-18 show season as china's best other tabby-white exotic! congratulations again meng!!

 

another new grand!!  gc  purfurvid funko pop! was  granded july 22, 2017 by me at the slinky cats cat club show. thank you very much to all the judges!! funko came in with 85 points from the previous show, and made all the finals and received allbreed points in all 5ab rings, making him a 2-show grand. snapchat below, is his litter sister! they are both offspring of purfurvid king-of-hearts and purfurvid snapple pop.
 

another new grand!  gc  purfurvid snapchat of catneed was  granded july 9, 2017 by king fok in china!! congratulations again king fok!!!  thank you very much, king, for showing and granding her, and giving another of my girls an awesome home!! snapchat is the daughter of purfurvid king-of-hearts and purfurvid snapple pop.
 

new grand!  gc  purfurvid blue dream of catneed was shown and granded mar 4, 2017 by king fok in china!! congratulations king fok!!! she had picked up 85 points toward gc title at the pointsettia city cat club show here in california in nov 2016 where i showed her. thank you king for finishing her and giving her an awesome home!! blue dream is the daughter of gc nw purfurvid tommy gun and purfurvid pagan reign.
 

a huge congratulations to kittikorn phoungjeen & "the rock"!! not only was the rock gc'd in only 3 rings at the siam cat fanciers' club show in thailand  on february 20, 2016, he also became  gc dw purfurvid the rock of ilovecat within the remaining 2 months of the season!!! he ended the 2015-2016 cfa show season as 21st in cfa's id-other group of countries and thailand's 9th best cat in championship!!  i'm so excited!! way to go kittikorn and rock!!! the rock is the son of gc nw purfurvid tommy gun and purfurvid snapple pop.
 

 congratulations to rapeeporn tukky for granding gc purfurvid galadriel of alpana at the cat fanciers club of thailand show on september 12, 2015!!! she also ended the 2015-2016 cfa show season as thailand's 18th best cat in championship!! way to go!! galadriel is the daughter of gc psymis wuv bug of purfurvid (purfurvid cupid x psymis night-wind) and ch toxicate tea party of purfurvid (gc rw purfurvid playa x sugarspun no doubt this girls a ten)!
 

omg!! we have the coolest new addition to our family!! thank you so very much shelby & john friemoth of shelbie cattery for entrusting this amazing naked guy to us!! this is shelbie jack bare-a-cat, black-white sphynx neuter! jack was shown by my daughter, tana, as a kitten in 2014 and ended up cfa southwest region's best sphynx kitten for the 2014-15 show season!
 

new regional winner!! we are proud to announce that gc rw purfurvid la volta of toxicate became cfa southwest region's 18th best kitten for the 2013-2014 show season!! volty's a brown spotted tabby-white exotic who's parents are malinka ali adel of purfurvid and ch purfurvid polkadotty. 
 

congratulations to tracey dalton on her newest cfa national winner, gc nw toxicate sundae bonnet became cfa's 3rd best kitten for the 2013-2014 show season!! way to go tracey and bonnet!! bonnet is the daughter of gc psymis wuv bug of purfurvid (congratulations michelle miller!) and gc candirand devilish dreams of toxicate.
 

another grand premier for gc purfurvid pistol, dm!! congratulations and thank you to tracey dalton and shelby friemoth for bringing out gp toxicate harry carey so he could become a grand premier at the malibu cat club show on febuary 22, 2014!! gp toxicate's harry carey is the 14th offspring of gc purfurvid pistol, dm to gp or gc. pistol has one more to become a distinguished merit in cfa!!
 

another new grand!!! a huge congratulations to olga pobyvko of carinazot cattery who granded her boy, gc purfurvid ricci rocket of carinazot, at the rolandus cat club show in kiev, ukraine on november 16-17, 2013!!! he's a red mac tabby-white exotic who's parents are psymis silly putty of purfurvid and 
purfurvid pot shot. 
 

another gc/gp for  gc nw purfurvid tommy gun of toxicate! and a huge congratulations to stephani czap and tommy gun's son, gp toxicate black ops, who became a   one show grand premier at the  national capital show on september 7-8, 2013!!! thank you stephani for loving him and showing him so well, and thank you to all the judges that loved him!! black ops is the 5th gc/gp for tommy gun.
 

another gc offspring for pistol!! congratulations to tracey dalton for granding gc toxicate holy citrus at the golden gate cat club show in livermore on august 31st, 2013!!! holy citrus is the daughter of gc purfurvid pistol, dm and peking tessa of toxicate, and the sister to gc rw toxicate holy $#!% of purfurvid. she is the 13th gc/gp offspring for pistol.
 

another grand premier!!! ch gp purfurvid zigana of toxicate got his gp title on july 14th, 2013 at the desert cats/las vegas cat club show in las vegas!!! a huge thank you to tracey dalton and shelby friemoth for showing him and to all the judges that loved him and used him in their finals!! ziggy is sired by gc purfurvid pistol, dm and his dam is gc rw purfurvid piccadilly. he is the 12th gc/gp offspring for pistol.
 

one weekend  grand!!!... a huge congratulations to rapeeporn tukky for granding gc purfurvid gandalf of alpana!!!!!! gandalf granded at the passion feline fanciers 6 x 6 shows in bangkok, thailand on july 6th & 7th, 2013!! way to go rapeeporn and gandalf!!!!! ...gandalf is sired by malinka ali adel of purfurvid and his dam is ch corsica parfait of purfurvid.
 

another grand... gc purfurvid pistol, dm's 11th gc offspring!! the litter sister of gc rw toxicate holy $#!% of purfurvid (pictured farther down), gc toxicate tahini, received her gc title this last weekend during our cfa southwest regional awards show on june 8, 2013! tahini was shown to her gc title by her breeder, tracey dalton of toxicate cattery. tahini was also shown earlier in tica's kitten class by carolyn rennie and sarah hoops, and did very well!! tahini is tica southwest region's 2nd best kitten and tica's 14th best kitten internationally for 2012-2013!! wow!! congratulations to carolyn and sarah!!
 

purfurvid la volta of toxicate, was highest scoring kitten in show for two weekends in a row!! first, at the last weekend of the 2012-2013 cfa show season at the los colores cat club show on april 27, 2013, and then again when tracey dalton took him to georgia for the rebel rousers show on may 4, 2013!!  thank you so much to all the judges who love him  and thank you tracey for taking him out of state to show!!! la volta is now ranked #10 kitten in the cfa southwest region. he's a brown spotted tabby-white exotic who's parents are malinka ali adel of purfurvid and ch purfurvid polkadotty. 
 

gp rw purfurvid bazinga of corsica became a 3-ring grand premier and cfa southwest region's 2012-2013 24th best premier in one weekend at the los colores and tonks west 6 x 6 shows on april 27-28, 2013!! thank you so much to my mentor, diana quintana, of corsica exotics, who owns and showed "rascal."  i got the honor to gift her with him last year when she decided she wanted a couple exotics for companions again! i'm beyond delighted that she showed rascal at our region's last show weekend of the season and  that gorgeous rascal did so well!!! 
 

new regional winner!! natalia tokareva showed gc rw purfurvid derringer of unistar ("barney") in the 2012-2013 cfa championship class. he is 4th best exotic in cfa and 8th best cat in the europe region! way to go natalia and barney!!! "barney" is the younger full brother of gc nw purfurvid tommy gun of toxicate , and also full brother to gc purfurvid bang bang of calysta (shown farther below) and gc purfurvid revolver of 7 round baby (also shown farther below). their parents are gc purfurvid pistol, dm and  perfikatz sweetstuff of purfurvid, dm.
 

one show grand and a new regional winner!!! tracey dalton showed gc rw toxicate holy $#!% of purfurvid in cfa's 2012-2013 kitten class. he's become cfa southwest region's 10th best kitten!! he became a one show grand champion at the world show on november 18, 2012. a huge congratulations to tracey!!!! holy $#!%'s father is gc purfurvid pistol, dm and his mother is peking tessa of toxicate. he is the 9th gc sired by gc purfurvid pistol, dm!
 

regarding purfurvid breeding cats sold by me in the us prior to 2010 only, please note that there has been a discovery in 2012 that one line  carries colorpoint, although the registration prefixes do not signify that it is a colorpoint line. cats coming down from the old persian line, highlite, may or may not be affected. owners of purfurvid cats from that line were notified. the line no longer exists in cats in purfurvid's breeding program.
 

another new grand!! gc purfurvid flirtation of toxicate ("lovey") granded at the victor valley cat club show on october 7, 2012! thank you so much to tracey dalton for her help and to the judges that made it happen! lovey's dad is gc nw purfurvid tommy gun of toxicate and her mom is gc purfurvid venus.
 

one show grand!! a huge congratulations and thank you to didie and her sister reen of calysta cattery in malaysia!! gc purfurvid bang bang of calysta became a gc at the le viva international feline show 2012, kuala lumpur, malaysia on september 8, 2012. bang bang is a younger full brother to gc nw purfurvid tommy gun of toxicate. this is the 8th gc offspring of gc purfurvid pistol, dm and the 4th gc offspring of perfikatz sweetstuff of purfurvid, dm.
 

tracey dalton showed gc rw purfurvid playa of toxicate in cfa's 2011-2012 kitten class as a split-season kitten. playa got a late start  at 6 months old but is now cfa southwest region's 16th best kitten!! a huge thank you to tracey dalton and to all the judges who loved playa and used him in their finals!!!
 

paula yono showed gc purfurvid sedona red rock of paupau angels who was a one show, plus one ring, grand champion in cfa!! he granded on july 2nd, 2011. congratulations!! he was a one show double grand in tica, and 3rd best exotic in the cfa great lakes region for the 2011-2012 cfa show season. rocky is the litter brother to gc rw purfurvid playa of toxicate above.
 

tracey dalton also showed gc rw purfurvid pillow talk of toxicate ("dreamy") in cfa's 2011-2012 kitten class as a split-season kitten like playa above and poppy below. dreamy is now cfa southwest region's 15th best kitten!!! again, another huge thank you to tracey dalton and to all the judges who loved dreamy and used her in their finals!!!
 

congratulations and thank you to audrey li of 7 round baby cattery once again...this time for  granding gc purfurvid 44 dixie dance, who just received her grand champion title at the china phoenix cat club show on march 10, 2012!!! dixie is the 7th gc child of gc purfurvid pistol, dm. her mother is ch purfurvid polkadotty.
 

one show grand!! congratulations and thank you to audrey li of 7 round baby cattery for  granding gc purfurvid revolver of 7 round baby at the eastcharm cat fanciers club show on december 17, 2011!! he is the fifth gc child of gc purfurvid pistol, dm, and the 2nd gc child of perfikatz sweetstuff of purfurvid, dm. he is also the younger brother of gc nw purfurvid tommy gun of toxicate and the litter brother to gc purfurvid derringer of unistar,  listed above.
 

yaayy!!! our first exotic longhair grand champion!! a huge thank you to tracey dalton and shelby friemoth who showed and granded gc purfurvid tang of toxicate in the persian class!! she granded at the phoenix feline fanciers show on december 10th, 2011. thank you to all the judges who loved her and made it happen!! tang is the full younger sister of gc purfurvid ametralladora patria.
 

gc rw purfurvid pop
gun of toxicate was campaigned as a kitten by tracey dalton of toxicate cattery for the 2010-2011 cfa show season as a split-season kitten. poppy was 10th best kitten in the cfa southwest region and 5th best exotic kitten nationally!! thank you again to tracey dalton for showing poppy so beautifully, and thank you to all the judges that loved her and supported her!
 

 gc nw purfurvid tommy gun of toxicate ended the 2010-2011 cfa show season as 16th best cat in the nation, 2nd best exotic nationally and best cat in the cfa southwest region!! a huge congratulations and thank you to tracey dalton for campaigning tommy, and to all the judges that loved and supported tommy!! 

 

     

 


 
     introduction
| our cats
| available
| gallery
| cat care
| links
| contact us
| privacy
statement 
copyright © 1996-2019 jeanne
scholz-snyder & purfurvid cattery. all rights reserved.
   designed
& maintained
by jeanne snyder
at povohost.com
 