




nashville yacht brokers, inc.





















































javascript seem to be disabled in your browser.
you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.










twitterfacebookyoutube 


view our listings

menu


home
yachts for sale
sold boats
premium listings

tips for selling your boat
tips for selling your boat
sell your boat with us

resources
local marinas
local service providers
captains
worthy organizations

about us
about us
our team
media
customer testimonials
share testimonial

contact us
blog















our exclusive listingsnashville yacht brokersview boats for sale






nashville yacht brokers, inc.at your serviceabout us






sell your boatlist with nashville yachtdetails






co-brokerage inventoryview co-brokerage listings






customer feedbackcustomer testimonials






helpcontact us






tipstips for selling your boat






marina searchlocal marinas






resourceslocal service providers






meet our crewour team






send feedbackshare testimonial




prevnext
















					covered corridor

					the covered corridor is a latitude range with weather mild enough to accommodate covered slips for many of our boats. a boat stored in a covered slip keeps the sun and rain away and helps keep a boat looking pretty. covered slips in conjunction with smooth fresh water provide a gentle environment for many boats in our area. our boats are usually accessible all year long.






		 





what our client's say




	in october of 2020, after looking at many boats in south florida, we bought a sea ray 52' sedan bridge from kyle, nashville yacht brokers. we kept the boat in florida and then in kentucky until our recent sale. kyle was our broker for this as well. we look forward to working with him soon to ...




brent and robin ward




	we just took delivery of our galeon 385 hts that we purchased through kyle and nashville yacht brokers. we looked at several different boats and the knowledge kyle has about a huge variety of different ones is amazing. i doubt there is anyone out there who has more knowledge and will work harder ...




jeff drone




	i just purchased a carver c37 from nashville yacht brokers. kyle and his team made the whole process pleasant and easy. kyle was very knowledgeable of the boat and anything he could not answer, he contacted the owner and got me the answer very quickly. he was present and very helpful during the s...




art caudill




	kyle and his team are fantastic to work with and i would highly recommend them!  i just completed the purchase of sea ray 58 sedan bridge. beginning with the initial search and evaluation process, kyle’s experience and expertise with a variety of brands and models was a huge help in an...




c. craig




	ahoy! my husband and i purchased our boat last week from kyle/nashville yacht. i can't express how simple and uncomplicated the entire transaction was. from the first phone call to the delivery of the vessel, kyle and his assistant could not have made the process any easier. i would overwhelm...




kim c




	my wife and i had the pleasure of purchasing through nyb in early june- kyle leeper brokered the transaction.  our experience could not have been better.  i had ran into kyle in the past and knew what a super guy he was, but had not had the opportunity to conduct business with him until...




brandon ross




	experience, knowledge, customer service and fellowship are beyond expectations.  kyle, david and their team are honest and delivered only the best.




nelson r.




	i wish yelp offered 10 stars!! having bought many, many boats over my years, this yacht purchase was by far our largest, most expensive purchase to date. kyle and his amazing team went so far above and beyond providing us outstanding customer service in every area of this transaction....and there...




tom & denna




	outstanding experience working with kyle on the purchase of our searay 450 eb. a true professional & gentleman. he came highly recommended from a close friend who has bought and sold several boats with kyle. he lived up to my expectations and will only use him going forward. 




steve t.




	i have now worked with nashville yacht brokers for 8 years and conducted a number of transactions, both selling, and buying. extremely knowledgable and would not do it without them. as a recent buyer (again), nyb took care of all of our needs regarding our new sport yacht in order for my wife and...




bill h.




	these guys are the best! extremely knowledgeable, reliable, helpful, and straightforward forward. i would highly recommend them to buy a boat from or to list your boat for sale.




pete w.




	great people to work with. kyle's very knowledgeable. i would recommend them to anyone.




mike v.




	my experience purchasing my boat through nashville yacht brokers and working with kyle leeper could not have been any better. kyle is by far the hardest working and most knowledgeable broker that i have ever worked with. kyle made it as fast and easy as possible, i can not stress enough how great...




dustin e.




	the folks at nashville yacht led us through the sale of our boat in an efficient helpful manner. we could not be more pleased with their communication and assistance. highly recommended. 




stephanie h.




	just completed my boat sale with kyle leeper and nashville yacht. kyle made the transaction seamless and kept me updated every step of the way! if you want to sell your boat, call kyle and nashville yacht! 




greg c.




	kyle leeper did a great job in selling my boat. he took his time and worked well for me the seller, and i think he also worked well for the buyer as well. it went very smooth from start to finish. i hope we can work with him again.




bob l.




	kyle leeper and the whole staff at nyb are fantastic. always a pleasure to do business with them. thank you kyle! we love, love, love our boat... professionalism and accuracy are a premium. continued success.




mercedez s.




	for me this was a great experience working with kyle and the team.  i really counted on kyle, as i was initially dealing with this transaction from out of state.  kyle gave me great advice the entire way.  his resource list is exceptional, everything from surveyor's to haul out...




dave d.




	kyle leeper has a true passion for the marine industry and an endless amount of energy when pursuing or selling a boat. he provides a professional approach to any situation, clear communication with his clients and is a competent voice of reason. i would have no hesitation in recommending kyle to...




clint j.




	kyle is awesome!!  kyle spent many hours getting to know my wife and i so he could get us the exact boat we were looking for. he must of answered a thousand of my questions. didn't matter the subject, he had the answer. 
	
	we had no idea how much was involved buying a brokered bo...




mike and nichole




	thanks to kyle leeper  we were able to get out boat sold! he's a great guy to work with and would do it again, thanks again nyb and kyle leeper!




marcia m.




	i bought a boston whaler from nashville yacht brokers and dealt all the way with tyler benson. dealing and buying other boats from other dealers no one would even come close to the professionalism, enthusiasm and positive spirit i have seen with tyler benson. a big thank you and all the best. thu...




amir f.




	kyle, was my boat broker (47 sea ray sedan bridge) he was very professional, and got top dollar for my boat. it sold with in less than a month of listing. he found one of the greatest buyer's out there. selling the boat was a pleasure due to kyle's advice and boating knowledge. i will use...




stephen a.




	tyler's professionalism, diligence in getting the job done, attention to detail and never ending service to the customer made our experience with the nashville yacht brokers a very good one. highly recommend anyone in the hunt for a boat consider these experts. mike & sandy will now enjoy...




sandford s.




	best boat broker ever!! kyle has worked with me on 3 boat deals at this point. he's one of the most professional brokers i have ever dealt with. kyle makes buy and selling boats a little easier. 

	 

	nothing but a great guy..




ed d.




	nashville yacht brokers made my first boat purchase seamless. kyle leeper - was fantastic to deal with - great followup, quick responses to all, voicemail's, emails, and texts... my next vessel purchase will be with n.y.b, and mr leeper.




bill d




	once again nashville yacht brokers has made our latest boat deal go as smoothly as possible, mostly because of our broker, kyle leeper!  nyb is a class act!




marianne b




	kyle leeper, what a truly great buying experience. he is extremely thorough in explaining the whole buying process; he provides all the support you need to make a conscientious and prudent decision in purchasing your dream boat. i really believe he has your best interests in mind from open intere...




hockey g.




	my husband and i recently worked with tyler benson with nashville yacht brokers and we were extremely satisfied with our experience. being out of state buyers could have been complicated however tyler's prompt communication and attention to detail made things simple. her no pressure attitude ...




desire l.




	nancy and i want you to know how very much we appreciate the time and sincere personal interest you invested in our “dream boat” search. we can’t imagine how we would have ever had such a happy boat buying experience without your expertise, good humor and guidance. the time you ...




letter to david benson from harry burck




view all




			 











call us: toll-free (800) 959-9444
email us: sales@nashvilleyacht.com


twitterfacebookyoutube 


location

                nashville yacht brokers, inc.
                904 e moran rd
brentwood, tn 37027
united states                


navigation

home
yachts for sale
tips for selling your boat
resources
about us
contact us
blog
login




expertise













copyright © 2025 nashville yacht brokers, inc.. all rights reserved.  |  do not sell my personal information
powered by yachtcloser




top





c



cookie control x

we have placed cookies on your device to help make this website better.
you can use this tool to change your cookie settings. otherwise, we’ll assume you’re ok to continue.

some of the cookies we use are essential for the site to work.
we also use some non-essential cookies to collect information for making reports and to help us improve the site. the cookies collect information in an anonymous form.
to control third party cookies, you can also adjust your browser settings.

turn cookies off


turn cookies on



i'm fine with this

information and settings
read less
about our cookies






