


redirecting....




   there is a nice new g-sport website...
   you will now be re-directed to the new location.........

   if you dont get automatically redirected please click here






g sport bmx




   
 









home




products




shop




custom




riding




support
































                                                  
 

   site became obsolete 29th march 2006 
 




newer    news:-

so it has been 
a looooong old time since the last update. this is because we were still working 
towards the new site, which is done!!!  so go there now!.


in the meantime we had some news that couldnt wait.

 after years of producing the worlds best hubs g-sport is doing a rim.
       that's right. designs that i had been sitting on for years because
i didnt have the resources or the connections to make are now going to be
made.

 the result is the ribcage  (click the name 
for a link to some details)



a few issues of ride uk have come out since 
the last update, so that means that two new ones have been added to the archive 
of....       tech columns... 
         these are on frame sizing
and that much ignored component, the chain.

       the new batch of g-sport hubs should have been available for a while
now, a few minor improvements have been made as part of a running change.
the result  of this is we have been able to pare away a little surplus
weight, without compromising strength or performance.

new weights are as follows.

marmoset     253g / 8.9 ounces

monkey front   335g / 11.8 ounces
monkey rear    388g / 13.7 ounces

homer front    489g / 17.3 ounces
homer rear    512g / 18.1 ounces


 g.




quick links:-

ad index

marmoset

wheel 
building     guide

faq

tech
columns

mankey     strap  
fitting guide




  old   news:-

 sheffield 
has gained another new concrete park. this, our third, destroys that old myth
of "third time lucky". this one was coordinated by kinnear landscape architects,
neil black was the guy who contacted me but then steadfastly refused to return
e.mails or phone calls. surprisingly the park is better than the last council
effort in millhouses park but has some serious problems with coping sticking
out and poor layout and sizing. once again the needs of bmxers being almost
totally ignored. the new park is near hillsborough in cookson park which
seems to be in southey. it's fun but not quarter of a million pounds fun.

 if you look down the bottom of the page you will see that the address and
 phone numbers are gone. this is all part of the arrangement with odyssey
so dont panic. if you need to contact someone about a product then please
try your local distributor or shop. you can still e.mail me of course. the old address
 is no longer in use so please do not send anything there as it will just
confuse the new owner.

as you may know by now g-sport has sidled 
itself up to odyssey and tucked itself 
under their  wing.
   by becoming part of the odyssey family g-sport products should become
much  more easily available and a little cheaper. especially to people in
exotic  foreign lands.

   because odyssey will be covering all the stuff i am so bad at like management, 
 ordering, packaging and soon the website too, i (george) will be able to 
spend a lot more of my time on new product design and development.

   there is a press-release here 
 which puts it much better than i can.

   rest assured that i will still be contactable and am only to happy to
reply  to e.mails etc...



   the  obvious big news is the new odyssey
 elementary    stem which is finally public and should be shipping to 
shops  now!!!    i designed this many years ago after i  discontinued the 
      nimrod stem, but could  never afford 
to    make it (and if i had it would have cost an arm and a leg)  so for the
last   18 months i have been working with odyssey to develop it.  this means
it  will  be an odyssey product rather than a g-sport one but its  better
than  it languishing  in my head for the rest of time...



 
  
        
  (nothing     added   to the possible plans for    devonshire       green skatepark all     ideas from riders and skaters 
  still welcome though sheffield  city council     seem to have abandoned 
the  idea)




stickers?!








welcome blurb that is always here...

                                                                   
since 1994 g-sport has been making the very finest 
                       bmx components on the face of the earth. our legendary 
    hubs     have     earned       an  unrivalled reputation for their durability 
    and    performance     and we   back    it  up with a solid lifetime warranty.
      check  out the links    above  and see   what  we have to offer. the
 product     section  has detailed    photos  of all the   stuff  and full
 descriptions     of all the advantages  they  offer.  the custom section
 has some useful  guides to bike modifications    and customisations    that
 you  might find interesting    as well as the   world famous  wheel building
   guide.  the riding section contains    a few  photos and stuff.  in support
   are comprehensive    service guides for   all the g-sport products (or
at   least there will be   when i get round to writing  them) and an archive
 of  all the tech columns   i have written for ride uk.

g-sport products
 are   made   with   love. 

                                            site is still under construction
  and   probably     always    will   be.....       re-launched
on  new  domain 20-02-2003







                                               if you have a question, and
 you   cant   find   the   answer    on  the   site   then   you  can mail
 me direct   by   clicking   here

 
copyright © 2003-4  g-sport.  all rights reserved.  
                        the content of this website may not be reproduced
or   transmitted            in   any    form in whole or part without the
written   permission   of   the    owner.





































