













institute for policy innovation























								home
							


about




our storycontact ipistaffboard of directors



issues




economic growthenergyentitlement reformhealth careintellectual propertytax reformtechnology & communicationstrade



research




publicationsmultimediaipi in the newslegislative affairs



events


policy blog





































email sign up

donate




								join
							










ipi
donate

freedom
innovation
growth















the institute for policy innovation (ipi) is a free-market policy think tank that focuses on issues related to economic growth, innovation, limited government and individual liberty. thanks for visiting! please take a look around and sign up for updates. we welcome your support for our work.


donate



latest









op/ed


if congress doesn't work better, our self-government is at stake


the most important thing the republican majority in congress can do to restore confidence in government is return to regular order. 











op/ed


my list of democrats' biggest lies of 2024. do you agree?


lies that could have broad political, financial and international implications required biden’s closest aides and supporters to perpetuate them and the mainstream media to largely ignore them.











op/ed


government-run health care systems also deny or delay treatment


many critics of the u.s. healthcare system assert that if the country were to embrace a u.k. or canadian-style government-run health care system, no one would be denied care. those critics are either misinformed or intentionally trying to deceive the public, because government-run health care systems frequently delay or deny needed medical care. 











op/ed


trump's revenge: naming dr. bhattacharya to head the nih


bhattacharya intends to return to the scientific basics of open dialogue, innovation and verification.  












op/ed


congress can help poor texans get lower drug prices


the overall goal is to return 340b to a targeted program to ensure that low-income and uninsured patients have access to lower drug prices—not a windfall for hospitals.











taxbytes


congress should reclaim its constitutional authority over tariffs


whether you support or oppose tariffs, all constitutionalists should agree: the power to tax resides with congress. reclaiming tariff authority is vital to preserving the constitution’s design and the role of congress in self-government.





													view all publications
													























copyright institute for policy innovation 2024. all rights reserved privacy policy contact ipi.














