












home | holston electric cooperative, inc






























      skip to main content
    













online bill pay



join holstonconnect



permits



vote.coop



request service



employment 












outage reporting
(423) 272-8821 or (423) 235-6811



































about uswelcomeemploymenthistoryboard of directorscontact usmy accountmy billservice changelife support classificationcustomer servicemy homeenergy savingshome evaluationsafety tipstree trimmingrow mgmtright tree in the right placetree trade alliancetrees and energy conservationsecurity lightinggenerate your own powerelectric vehiclessolar calculatormy communityproject helpauditoriumshort story guidelinesco-op connectionspoliciesratesbylawsmobile app supportright of waygrounds maintenancerates
























search










































 



myholston
save time and money by managing your account anytime from anywhere!
online bill pay







 



outage information and updates
outage reporting: 
(423) 272-8821 or (423) 235-6811
view outage map







previous



next











































holston electric cooperative
at holston electric cooperative our mission is to provide safe, dependable electric service to our member-owners at a reasonable cost.  our value is service.
holston electric cooperative is a member-owned distributor of tva power, providing service to more than 32,000 residential, commercial and industrial members in a 525 square-mile area of hawkins and hamblen counties in upper east tennessee.  our vision is to deliver a level of electric service that meets or exceeds our members' expectations.
please look around and discover all the things your co-op has to offer.
can't find what you are looking for or have a question? please send us a quick message or email us directly.
 



























members
when you sign up for service you also become a member/owner of the cooperative; you join more than 32,000 members who share in the hec ownership.
holston electric cooperative is a member-owned utility system that provides electric service to its members.
 


















holston electric press release



























 










 










 
































social media links
















quick links


member login


news


employment










links


tvaweathertn magazineenergy management at homeesfi kids safety tips














 
 
 



















©2025 holston electric cooperative, inc. our vision is to deliver a level of electric service that meets or exceeds our customers\' expectations..


powered by co-op web builder

















