






the manufacturer of cables and wires - tfkable





















strefa projektanta






                        przejdź do strefy projektanta
                    




















about usgroup informationhistorygroup managementmission, vision, aimssubsidiary companiescsreuropacablenewsinformationnewsletternetwork of expertstendersdocumentsproductssales sectorsassortmentsolutionspca accreditationcprcatalogues and brochurescataloguesbrochures & leafletscompliancecontact






									global site
								

									tfca
								

									jdr cable systems 
								



en
pl
de


















									pca accreditation 




the quality control department laboratory of the bydgoszcz plant at tele-fonika kable, one of europe’s key r&d centres, have achieved the prestigious polish centre for accreditation (pca)



                                    find out more
								








									connecting 
globally



we are a recognized and trusted provider of copper and aluminum cables and wires, optical fibre cables, used by the world's leading companies in telecommunications, energy transmission and distribution, electronics, shipbuilding, mining.






										see our movie
									










                                    find out more
								








									jdr joined to tele-fonika kable group 










										see animation
									



 


news



01
28.01.2025 - tele-fonika kable and arp sign letter of intent for collaboration in the offshore wind energy sector


02
15.01.2025 - bydgoszcz laboratory achieve prestigious pca accreditation, strengthening global position


03
12.09.2024 - tele-fonika kable s.a. will supply onshore cables and accessories for the bałtyk 2 and bałtyk 3 offshore wind farms.

 









								low voltage cables
							










								halogen-free cables
							










								installation cables (round, flat, flexible)
							










								trolley cable
							










								copper telecommunication cables
							










								fibre optic cables
							










								signalling (controlling) cables 
							










								rubber cables
							










								welding cables (in cpe insulation)
							










								mining conductors and cables
							










								reflective mining cables
							










								vessel cables
							










								vehicle and ignition cables
							










								medium voltage cables (mv)
							










								high-voltage systems
							






view offer









we are a recognized and trusted provider of copper and aluminum cables and wires.


we offer a comprehensive assortment of wires and  cables. apart from the standard assortment of products, we also offer special cables made to meet individual customer orders.

more about us














industries we serve







construction









mining and tunnels









power engineering & rail









high & extra high voltage systems









renewable energy









shipbuilding industry









automotive industry









oil and gas









telecommunication









industry









automation









welding industry













x
withdrawal of consent






first name and last name





e-mail







message

i wish to withdraw my consent for the processing of personal data by tele-fonika kable in terms of:





send message







 



about us
group informationgroup managementmission, vision, aimssubsidiary companieshistoryeuropacable


products
sales sectorsassortmentcataloguescpr


news
informationtendersdocuments


catalogues and brochures
catalogues and brochures





newsletter


		join our newsletter
	






data controller is tele-fonika kable s.a. (read more)





				data controller is tele-fonika kable s.a.  with its registered office in myślenice; 32-400, at hipolita cegielskiego str. 1 (hereunder referred to as „company”).you may contact the data controller via e-mail ##spctdhdqdlt#at#iuzpqat.rdb## you may contact data controller in all matters related to personal data processing and exercising rights related to data processing.your data will be processed in order to answer your queries - the legal basis for data processing is the necessity of processing for the legitimate interest of the administrator; it is justified for the administrator to provide the client with information about his services, to present offers tailored to the needs and interests of the client, to increase the sales of his services.your personal data will be made available to entities processing data at the data controller’s request (for instance it service suppliers, marketing agencies) – and such entities process data on the bases of contract with the data controller and only at his request. your personal data will be kept for no longer than until the claims for the execution of the inquiry have expired or until the obligation to store data resulting from the law has expired.you have the right to access your data and to demand its rectification, deletion or limitation of processing. on your request the data controller will provide you with the copy of personal data being processed, but for each additional copy that you request for the data controller may charge a fee in reasonable amount deriving from administrative costs. you have the right to withdraw your consent. withdrawal of consent doesn’t affect the legality of processing which occurred on the bases of consent before its withdrawal. in scope in which your data are processed automatically in order to conclude and perform contract, or are processed on the bases of consent – you have the right to transmit personal data, i.e. to receive your personal data from the data controller in structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. you may transmit this data to another data controller. you have also the right to file the complaint to the supervisory authority responsible for personal data protection.   in order to exercise the abovementioned rights you shall contact data controller or data protection officer. contact data are available above.providing personal data for the abovementioned purposes is voluntary.
			


withdrawal of consent




headquarters
















tele-fonika kable s.a.
								hipolita cegielskiego 1
32-400 myślenice, poland
							

								t: (+48) 12 652 5000 
								f: (+48) 12 652 5156
##xcud#at#iuzpqat.rdb##






						company is registered at the register of entrepreneurs of the national court register in the district court for krakow-srodmiescie in krakow, department xii of the national court register with number krs 0000491666. regon: 270543582, vat no: pl6260004386, bdo: 000011698.initial capital: 759 000 000 pln (wholly paid-up) 
					





member:




						copyright © 2016 tfkable. all rights reserved
					

						by: agencja interaktywna intellect

















