




cicca - committee for international co-operation between cotton associations



































committee for international co-operation between cotton associations





≡

home
about cicca

about cicca

member associations
trading rules & arbitration
cicca regulations



latest news

updates
cicca letter to european council
sanctity of contracts
contracts


unfulfilled awards list
events
join cicca
contact







uniting the world’s leading cotton associations in support of good trading practice and the sanctity of contract. 






cicca member associations
view the full list of cicca member associations.




unfulfilled awards list
access the cicca unfulfilled awards list.




how to join cicca
information about membership and how to join cicca.




cicca is an organisation comprising the world’s leading cotton associations. each member association acts independently - some as an arbitral authority and in other ways too. cicca is committed to the principal of sanctity of contract and good trading practice and acts to assist the industry to prosper in an increasingly competitive and technological environment.
more about cicca ➞






stay updated - sign up to receive our regular cicca email newsletter.












cicca, 6th floor, walker house, exchange flags, liverpool l2 3yl, uktel: +44 151 236 6041 email: 


    copyright © cicca 2014 | privacy & terms


web design by ninedesign







 

 terms and conditions for website usage
welcome to our website. if you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern cicca's relationship with you in relation to this website. if you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
the term 'cicca' or 'us' or 'we' refers to the owner of the website. the term 'you' refers to the user or viewer of our website.
the use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:

the content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. it is subject to change without notice.
this website may use cookies to monitor browsing preferences and website usage statistics. if you do not allow cookies to be used, your browsing experience will not be affected.
neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. you acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. it shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
this website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. this material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
all trade marks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website.
unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
from time to time this website may also include links to other websites. these links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. they do not signify that we endorse the website(s). we have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of england, northern ireland, scotland and wales.

privacy
this privacy policy sets out how cicca uses and protects any information that you give cicca when you use this website.
cicca is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
cicca may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. you should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. this policy is effective from june 1st 2015.
what we collect
we may collect the following information:

name
contact information including email address

what we do with the information we gather

we require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
internal record keeping.
we may use the information to improve our products and services.
we may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
from time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. we may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. we may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.

security
we are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. in order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
how we use cookies
a cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. the web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
we use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. this helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. we only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. a cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
you can choose to accept or decline cookies. most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer - your browsing experience will not be adversely affected.
links to other websites
our website may contain links to other websites of interest. however, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. you should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
controlling your personal information
we will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. we may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
you may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the data protection act 1998. a small fee will be payable. if you would like a copy of the information held on you please contact cicca.
if you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible. we will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
disclaimer
the information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. the information is provided by cicca and while we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
in no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
through this website you may be able to link to other websites which are not under the control of cicca. we have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. the inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. however, cicca takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
copyright notice
this website and its content is copyright of cicca. all rights reserved.
any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited other than the following:

you may print or download to a local hard disk extracts for your personal and non-commercial use only
you may copy the content to individual third parties for their personal use, but only if you acknowledge the website as the source of the material

you may not, except with our express written permission, distribute or commercially exploit the content. nor may you transmit it or store it in any other website or other form of electronic retrieval system.


