


lone tree home page





















 






 
 


  

 






























 



  





lone tree, iowa is a small cozy community in 
                    the southeast corner of johnson county, located just off highway 
                    22, in fremont township. it has a quiet, small town feel, but 
                  is just a short distance from the big city conveniences.

newcomers
                  need info on
licensing, garbage,
recycling and more 
                    click here


lone tree municipal water system consumer confidence report can be viewed on the following website: http://iowaccr.org/lone-tree


city utility after hours emergency:
call 319-356-6020



 
 
 
 
 



   



 
 
welcome to lone tree – a great town in which to live.
 lone tree was established in 1872, and still embodies 
              the values of its origins: community pride and genuine concern for 
              the well-being of its residents.

              located between the constant movement of both iowa city and muscatine, 
              and just minutes from avenue of the saints, interstate 80, and 380. 
              lone tree provides a more relaxed way of life. lone tree offers 
              small-town life where neighbors know neighbors and help each other 
              out in time of need.

              lone tree offers a great place to raise children, with a preschool 
              and k-12 school all housed in one building. there is a close bond 
              between the people and the school. there are three parks with plenty 
              of playground equipment, and a variety of youth oriented activities 
              throughout the year.

              many local services are available including wellness center, two gas stations, 
              floral shop, convenience store, two churches, long-term care facility, hair salon, masseuse, and more. check out the local business secion under the chamber of commerce tab.
 
lone tree demographics

              we hope you enjoy your stay in lone tree.
 
to make utility payments:
plc# a001ld city of lone tree, utility - https://www.govpaynow.com/gps/user/plc/a001ld
 
lone tree code of ordinances december 2023
 
city of lone tree zoning map

 

 




.:community:. 



  





 
.:announcements:.
 
lone tree community food pantry
 















johnson county housing rehab program



 
2025 holiday schedule - garbage/recycling pick-up
 
 
 
 

 



come on by and enjoy our small town experience.
webmaster: contact city hall for information at lonetreecity@windstream.net 







