













 ayi.info - the international ashtanga yoga information page - ashtangayoga.info

















de


en












						ashtangayoga 
					




						healingmovement 
					




						philosophy 
					




						teacherstraining 
					




						online yogastudio 
					




						ayinstitute ulm 
					




						shop 
					



login









ayi.info - the international ashtanga yoga information page









				werde ayi yogalehrer*in
			





















modular. innovativ. individuell
tauche tief in die ayi methode ein, entwickle deine yogapraxis weiter, vertiefe dein wissen, erfahre philosophische hintergründe und lerne yoga zu unterrichten.


























				unser online yogastudio
			





















wo auch immer du wohnst, du kannst live per zoom am unterricht von dr. ronald steiner und seinem team teilnehmen.
oder du übst ganz individuell mit unseren on demand stunden.


























				komm ins ayinstitute ulm!
			





















erlebe unsere yoga communitiy vor ort und roll deine matte im ayinstitute ulm aus. 
finde in unserem umfangreichen stundenplan genau den richtigen kurs für dich!


























				deine ayi mitgliedschaft
			





















werde ein teil der ayi community!
übe unbegrenzt im online yogastudio alle ondemand klassen.
übe zusätzlich auch in allen live kursen in ulm und via zoom.


























				ashtanga yoga
			





"ashtanga yoga is 99% transpiration - and 1% explanation"
[ashtanga yoga ist 99% schwitzen - und 1% erklärung]
sri k. pattabhi jois
hier findest du alles was du was für deine 99% praxis und auch die 1% theorie des ashtanga yoga brauchst:




























									ashtangayoga
								





						traditional practice series: all traditional ashtanga practice series
					




										ashtanga yoga in the tradition of sri k. pattabhi jois. the traditional practice series with detailed descriptions of the individual movements including the vinyasa count. systematic learning steps help you get a deeper understanding of this powerful
									
ashtanga yoga in the tradition of sri k. pattabhi jois. the traditional practice series with detailed descriptions of the individual movements including the vinyasa count. systematic learning steps help you get a deeper understanding of this powerful and dynamic yoga practice supported by your breath.










									traditional practice series
								





						cheat sheets for the ashtanga yoga series (pdf)
					




										the perfect cheat sheet to place next to your yoga mat: asana sequences in a small and practical format for downloading and printing. these cheat sheets contain photos of the fundamental poses as well as pictures of the first, second and third
									
the perfect cheat sheet to place next to your yoga mat: asana sequences in a small and practical format for downloading and printing. these cheat sheets contain photos of the fundamental poses as well as pictures of the first, second and third ashtanga yoga series.










									ashtangayoga
								





						inspiration for your practice
					



							
									ashtanga yoga is the dance of the breath with the body - a holistic meditation of movement. learn the foundations of practice. tristhana (vinyasa, bandha, drishti), the series and lots of tricks for yoga poses and moves. 
								
						







				philosophie und sanskrit
			






									philosophy
								





						source texts and saṁskr̥t: study the ancient sources of yoga
					



							
									gain a direct access to ancient texts of wisdom and mantra. dive through them deep in yoga tradition. - with some saṁskr̥t your journey may begin!
								
						









									philosophy
								





						philosophy and tradition: the origin and purpose of yoga
					



							
									yoga is more than just a work-out! the physical practice serves one purpose only: recognising your true core. in this process, yoga philosophy will offer you a new perspective on yourself over and over again.
								
						









									sanskrit and devanagari
								





						transliteration of devanāgarī - bring saṁkr̥t into a script you're familiar with
					




										transliteration means transferring the script of one writing system into the script of another. make saṁkr̥t easy (simplified) and use diacritical marks to describe pronunciation (iast, iso15919) or type sanskrit transliterations directly into
									
transliteration means transferring the script of one writing system into the script of another. make saṁkr̥t easy (simplified) and use diacritical marks to describe pronunciation (iast, iso15919) or type sanskrit transliterations directly into your keyboard (velthuis, itrans, harvard-kyoto, spf1).









"pure for sure!"
[garantiert rein!]
sprichwort aus mysore (ursprungsort des ashtanga yoga)





























traditional ashtanga yoga, innovative therapy, alignment, movement culture and inspiring philosophy.ayiayinstitute ulmeventsausbildungworkshopsretreatsmtc weiterbildunglinkspractice diarytransliteration toolyogifindercheat sheets contacthelp & contact+49 731 92602151leimgrubenweg 3189075 ulmcopyright © 2023 ayi®all rights reserverd | agb | impressum | data privacy










cookie consent by privacy policies generator website






				menu
			














