








otakon®: home




































































































august 2-4, 2024
walter e. washington convention center, washington, dc

















username




password



log in
or
sign up

forgot your password?

login with



























































toggle navigation
menu






















                    info
                
                    attend
                registrationhotelslocation / mapshow to get heresafetyvolunteerpress relationsschedulenewsconvention policiesmember servicesfaqspecial dealsotakon newsletter
                    about otakon
                event statisticsdownloadsour mascotsactivitiesactivitiesamv contestcosplay coordinationcommunity dancedancefeatured presentersgaming hallhall costume contesthall costume contest rulesidolspace at otakonkpop showtime competitionlarplolita garden and fashion show!lyra's formal ballmaid cafemasqueraderulesmanga libraryotacafeota-chanota loungemakerspacepanelsportable kaiju super battle leagueworkshopsvip eventsguestsguestsbritt baronsuzie yeungjohn bentleyj. michael tatumbrandon mcinnismax mittelmanflowsubstantialaya uchidasettakyoko aibahinoki kinobriana whitecolin ryanben starrnina yndisbethan walkerpeter bramhillhaenuli & iris gardenyumi kakazuhideo ishikawapark seulki rheastudio alfkatrina minettjustin leachchristophe ferreirahiroshi nagahamauki satakemikage projectakihiko orikasakensuke yamamotowaki kiyotakayoshihiro watanabemoon inhodiana garnetaoi abesae otanimasahiko otsukatakahide ogatakurokatakentarou itonorihiro kurosawakd foxxjong hoon chaeyoung-bae johyomin anjay choeu-chaeyuriyan retrieverjonathan casepleaerica lindbeckyoshinori kitasenaoki hamaguchiteruki endoshuichiro umedahiroya nakatanozomi shimakurayomi hirasakakazuhiro fukuchimaiko higakentaro iwaasayuki hayashimichael baintakuma kishidakikunosuke toyaaino shimadashinnosuke tachibanakoki uchiyamakaoru wadatakashi otakesusumu tosakataketo gompeiscott westerfeldricco fajardo
                    exhibitors
                artist alleyart showdealers roomgaming hall
                    gaming hall: indie row
                at con informationpoliciesindustry exhibitioncar show
                    help/contact
                contact usotakon bbs



















































otakon 2025


                                  stay tuned for registration details!
register now!











book your hotel for otakon 2025


                                    the official otakon room block opens tuesday august 13th!                                
book now!























welcome to otakon!

founded in 1994, otakon is an annual convention held in the summer months to celebrate asian pop culture (anime, manga, music, movies, video games, etc) and its fandom. the event runs from friday to sunday and is packed with a schedule that has tons to do.
otakon is held at the walter e. washington convention center in our nation's capital of washington, dc.
countdown to otakon 2025! aug 8th - 10th 

























messages from our president


when otakon started, i don’t know if the founders could have envisioned that it would reach the heights that it has, nor that it would endure for 30 great years!  thank you for being a part of our family and for accompanying us along this amazing journey!
you may have heard this before, but otakon is run 100% by volunteer staff who give their time freely to make it all happen.  without them, without you, without all of us, otakon would not be where it is today, and where it will grow in the years to come.
we’ve got so much excitement in store for this year and we can’t wait to share it with you all!
here's to the first 30 years of memories, friendships, and fun!
-brooke zerrlaut, otakorp president 2024









messages from our con chair


30 years is a landmark for anything. 30 years in the ever-evolving, convention industry, with an event that has spanned 5 cities, 3 states, and now the district of columbia, is unheard of … until now.
as usual, we’ve been hard at work to bring you the cornucopia of awesome that is otakon. we’ve got concerts, dances, panels, workshops, guests, cards, tabletop and video games, artists and dealers, cosplay, photoshoots, maids, and tea parties.
this year, we’ve got a car show and even laser tag, and our special 30th-anniversary exhibition next to the grand lobby. time travel to 1994, when a bunch of college kids said “we can do better.” and this year marks the return of our thursday matsuri event!
-andy zerrlaut, con chair 2024









otakorp photo galleries



view more








follow on social media

follow otakon on facebook, twitter, and more for all sorts of updates and news about the upcoming year.














hotels

book a room in the official otakon room block today and stay close to the heart of the action all weekend long.the otakon 2025 hotel block is now open!
book now!


















otakon® is an annual celebration of asian pop culture (anime, manga, music, movies, video games, etc.) and its fandom!  otakon is run by the non-profit organization otakorp, inc.

										
more





contact us
privacy
about us







otakorp, inc.
otakon vegas
otakon bbs









photo gallery





latest news


more





 august 2-4, 2024




 


                                                	    walter e. washington
                                                	    convention center
                                                	    801 allen y. lew place nw
                                                	    washington, dc 20001
                                                    





location

otakon is held in the 2,300,000 square-foot walter e. washington convention center, located in our nation's capital, washington, dc.

more



























copyright © 2025 otakorp, inc. all rights reserved.















×close
privacy policy







otakorp, inc.'s privacy policy is simple: whatever information you provide us, we won't sell to anyone else. and we promise to use it only for otakorp, inc. related events such as otakon. fair enough?




close



















































