






new | transforming the future, together












































 























facebook




instagram


contact us
 












who we are

our team
our board
our supporters
careers


how we work

our mission, vision & values
our impact
our approach to fundraising
reports: annual & impact


services for nonprofits

consulting
diversity, equity and inclusion
information technology
financial consulting and bookkeeping
fiscal sponsorship
office and shared space


learning communities

champions for change
leadership deli
road to resilience


centering justice
events
tools

resources
blog
recommended books
courses & ebooks


new center transformation
donate
 





select page


  
 



 



 




















transformingthe future,together








how can we unlock the potential of our most audacious vision of a just and thriving society?
by working together to dismantle systems of oppression and build resilience. by cultivating deep relationships and powerful learning communities. new connects leaders and organizations with essential tools and services that free up focus for mission-related work. there is space for you here, whether you’re a grassroots activist, an emerging or established nonprofit, a business, or an institution invested in social change.
at new, you’ll find partners, approaches and conversations that uplift, improve and amplify your work.









insight
new convenes dialogue that centers justice, inspires deep listening and uplifts social change leaders. leadership deli, champions for change and other programs guide and connect emerging and established nonprofits.







resources
new connects emerging and established nonprofits with crucial operational and organizational support—from server and software updates bookkeeping and financial consulting to anti-racism coaching and strategic planning.







community
new provides meeting space that any registered nonprofit can rent, as well as customizable private office space for lease, in our 11,000-square-foot building. we’re also home to a growing list of affiliates who share our space and resources.








































featured events
a full list of events are available here.





join us at the next centering justicein centering justice’s monthly virtual gatherings, you’ll hear a variety of perspectives, not only from nonprofit leaders, but also artists, activists, faith leaders and others. join us to hear their invitations and calls to action.
the next centering justice episode will be recorded live on wednesday, october 23 (10/23/24) at 12pm

register now for centering justice!







our blog

read more posts here.







steadfast through executive disorder

by yodit mesfin johnson | feb 6, 2025friends, a couple weeks ago, while a beautiful collection of our beloved community gathered at a...
read more




happy new year?

by yodit mesfin johnson | jan 10, 2025this past summer, i had the privilege of traveling to my family’s homelands in ethiopia, a country...
read more




we’ve been here before, and we’ll move forward together

by yodit mesfin johnson | dec 5, 2024we’ve been here before, and we’ll move forward togetherthe passing of h.r. 9495—the stop...
read more


« older entries










want to work with new?click the button below to get in touch and help us understand your needs!
connect with our team



 












the new center
1100 north main st.
suite 100
ann arbor, mi 48104
tel: 734.998.0160
info@new.org

privacy statementcookie policy  terms and conditions site map

donate

followfollowfollowfollow



who we are
our team
 our board
 annual  reports
 careers

how we work
our mission, vision & values our approach to fundraising

services for nonprofits
organizational development diversity, equity and inclusion information technology services financial consulting and bookkeeping office and shared space

contact us



learning communities
centering justice champions for change leadership deli

tools
resources blog recommended books courses & ebooks



sign up for our newsletter
subscribe







sign up for our newsletter




success!



first name



last name



email





subscribe












ann arbor 1100 north main st. suite 100 ann arbor, mi 48104 tel: 734.998.0160
info@new.org

privacy statement cookie policy  terms and conditions site map

donate




 









 































