











the proact campaigns net



























the proact campaigns net





skip to content
proact home
sites we support
proact banner
writing to government & regulating bodies
campaign text formulation
history

current proact campaigns
campaigns on hold
past campaigns


 







proact home


the birds, their habitats and the still intact
natural world need our support!
proact provides you with a way to help.
what is ‘proact’?
proact is a non-political, independent and voluntary organisation committed to supporting citizens concerned with environmental issues to understand how they can take simple actions to act on environmental concerns they have for birds and their habitats in their local communities. we provide an online support structure that provides guidance and encouragement to assist concerned citizens, by providing information about how to effectively take action on local issues!
our history
historically we were an eu focused organisation, and we also had a network of coordinators throughout the eu and the world that coordinated and supported campaigns. the scope and nature of campaigns that were run by the historical proact site can be appreciated by visiting the past projects
proact is now focused on empowering ordinary everyday citizens everywhere who are concerned about the health and well being of birdlife with guidance and knowledge about how to engage in a political process, to oppose environmental harm in their own countries and neighbourhoods.  our prime, but not exclusive concern, is the conservation of birds and their habitats but our guidance could be used to empower taking action to protect any wildlife.
our aim is to…
empower concerned citizens to initiate, rally, coordinate and monitor support for environmental campaigns worldwide, particularly those concerning birdlife.
how do i support proact?
“never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world; indeed, it’s the only thing that ever has.” – margaret mead

make use of the information you find on our site to empower yourself to make a difference on local issues in your own community, state and country.
link to our site if you own a website
share our site on social media
share news of any campaigns you run, we will include them in our blog.

proact – sponsors and useful sites
tpwwest.org
ecological consulting sydney
 











search for:



inspiring examplescabs malta
badger digging in the allier départment of france


blog


the impact of urbanization on bird populations and conservation efforts


birdwatching 101: a beginner’s guide to discovering local avian treasures


the role of birds in seed dispersal and ecosystem health


the fascinating world of bird migration: routes and challenges


exploring the diverse avian habitats in local communities


 



custom footer text left
custom footer text right




iconic one theme | powered by wordpress





