






pulsiam | one platform. many missions,




















































solutions

public safety
disaster management
private security
smart cities
natural resources
business improvement districts (bids)



products

safetynet command-and-control

safetynet mobile solutions

safetynet mobile
safetynet mobile insight
safetynet ereporting



safetynet records management

safetynet rms
safetynet pcs
safetynet jms
safetynet fms





about

corporate overview
leadership
partners
distributors
careers


news
contact
sign in

english

español
português


 


select page


  
 



 



 


















one platform. many missions.
public safety. disaster management. private security. smart cities. natural resources. business improvement districts (bids).
learn more





;


 




safetynet one®

command-and-control and records management software

 
 
 
 




what’s your mission?
dispatching local, state or federal police, fire and ems resources to a 10-car pileup? protecting assets by interfacing to sensors, alarms and cameras? responding to a scada alarm from a sudden pressure change? preparing for the next natural disaster to mitigate the loss of life and property? coordinating multiple entities for tomorrow’s local music festival with 100,000 people set to attend?  or maybe you’re a business improvement district (bid) with big plans to build and maintain a welcoming urban experience.
all these missions and more can be managed through a single platform: safetynet one®, the industry-leading suite of incident and records management software powered by esri’s location intelligence platform.




 
 



 
 
 






experience
pulsiam has over 30 years of incident management experience. our solutions support over 100 million people around the globe.

 
 
 




support
pulsiam provides 24×7 support services, including the latest software updates and a dedicated customer care representative to ensure client satisfaction and to facilitate issue resolution.

 
 
 




products
free upgrades ensure your team always has access to the latest technologies. whether you have two or two million users, our solutions are built to scale.

 
 
 




partners
enterprises like esri, rocket, axxon, dji, microsoft and hewlett-packard support our solution and play a pivotal role in our success.

 
 
 
 
 






public safety
learn more

 
 
 




disaster management
learn more

 
 
 




private security
learn more

 
 
 




smart cities
learn more

 
 
 




natural resources
learn more

 
 
 

business improvement districts (bids)
 
 
 
 









you don’t stay with the same company for more than three decades if they don’t provide excellent products, customer service and support. we’ve had pulsiam’s safetynet products since 1989 and have no plans of changing.



 
randall lewis
assistant director, washington county e-911
 
 
 
 
  





 
 
 






facebook




twitter




instagram



© 2024 hitech systems, inc. all rights reserved. safetynet® is a registered trademark of hitech systems, inc. terms of use
  

 
 
 














