


not going nowhere























    
	not going nowhere
	
  
i wanted to write a blog of my travel adventures - without actually going anywhere.  but then, i accidentally went somewhere, but i didn't blog about it, so that leaves us with..... this.



saturday, july 15, 2017



	 interview with musician ed roman
    










we welcome ed roman
today who cannot be easily defined or labelled into one specific type of
musical genre… which we welcome and encourage. thank you so much for your time
today ed!




 it's absolutely my
pleasure. thank you so kindly for having me today and i'm looking forward to
our conversation.







ed, i wanted to ask
you first up, you write your songs so well.  i’ve known so many bands that
struggle to fit into a specific genre of music, and end up suffering for
it.  not only has this not seemed to hurt you but you’ve seemed to
flourish in fusing genres. where did all of this come from?




 i appreciate your
accolades and i'd have to say my tenacity stubborn headedness and passion for
the eccentric has allowed me to follow a path that doesn't exist.



i am so often asked
about the songwriting process and how ideas are forged into reality. what i've
learned over the years is to follow the passion behind the message. it is what
is leading you into new territory and without sounding overly contrived, things
seem to fall into place as they're supposed to. lately my job has been more
like the gatekeeper at an ancient buddhist site where pilgrims place leaves of
gold upon a rock ever so slightly balanced in a precarious fashion that one would
question its safety. a top is a tabernacle and it's only enclosure happens to
be one single hair of the buddha himself. remove the hair and the rock will
fall. i tend to tempt fate in the moment when it arises and push myself further
into those moments of elation and darkness which actually pulls me through the
process. this is what makes the song writing experience always new and
innovative. it's something i try to never question and took me a long time to
understand.. 









you released your
latest album red omen a couple of months ago, and i’ve seen nothing but good
reviews for it, have you been happy with it’s reception thus far?





 extremely happy
about the reception and i can't thank supporters, radio stations magazines and
so many ed heads all over this sphere of beauty. i am currently in the process
of looking for a graphic computer company and or production video group to help
me put together a cartoon version of the title track of the record red omen.







what does red omen
mean to you?




of course red omen
is an anagram of my own name. i'm fascinated by words and language as a result
of not only struggling with dyslexia all of my life but at the same time
learning more and more about the clandestine energy behind certain words and
our misunderstanding of their true meaning. one of the classic
misunderstandings or lost understanding of words i like to point out is the
word mortgage. coming from two separate latin words morta meaning death...like
mortuary or mortician and gauge.. to hold and or grip.  consequently we
have the word death-grip.. as i struggled for many years with dyslexia the
problem itself was a teacher in terms of learning more about what words meant
as opposed to just wheeled in them. this album is a word album. not just stories
but mantras and language that is coloured by an active life living in the
21st-century.









your twitter feed
(@specialedroman) is full of podcasts and radio shows discussing your album,
obviously releasing an album these days is a very different process to when you
released your very first album.  do you enjoy these more in depth
interviews and discussions?


information is
like gold and i find that talking about the process and or philosophy behind
why art exists is what attracts people to what i do and i think is the key for
anything as far as the moment and day and age we live in. i am myself greatly
fascinated by history culture and an abundance of different kinds of art forms.
what i've noticed about all of these things is that the passions that we relate
to one another are the catalyst for that electric spark that exists inside of
idea, conversation and invention. music still allows that character to relay
information which sometimes has more potency in the information itself. it's a
fascinating process and it is ever-changing. c'est la vie..











thank you so much for
your time, where should people reach you if they want your some ed roman
genre-surpassing sweet guitars in their life?




you can reach me
at www.edroman.net
and check me out all over the internet. pick up my latest album red omen and
play it loud out of your garage on a 1000 watt pa system every afternoon till
the police come. you can say.. it's ok we know ed.. thank you so kindly for having
me today and it's been a pleasure to be able to speak with you. stay golden
pony people..

labels: ed roman, musician ed roman, red omen



posted by adam @ 10:34 pm  
      
         15 comments






saturday, june 17, 2017



	 mclovinsmart.com searches the internet for you!
    








mclovinsmart.com is a great side that does all the hard work for you.  they'll find you the best deals on the internet so you won't have to spent hours and hours trying to find someone who produces quality work.  they work with only the best suppliers and producers.




go to mclovins mart and find what you want first time every time.



i honestly wish i had known about them sooner, so many hours could have been saved!

labels: mclovins mart



posted by adam @ 11:12 am  
      
         0 comments






friday, june 09, 2017



	 chel's incredible trip to australia!
    








chel is my new favourite blogger - she's incredibly well travelled, super cute and is amazingly honest with an endless capacity for sharing everything she knows.  her website http://heyitschel.com/ is a very decent read and her article on some great beaches on my home country were extremely well written and totally fun, but also really informative.  airlie beach is one of my favourite places in the world so i was totally touched to read about the magic she found there.

check the link below to read about what she found:

http://heyitschel.com/2017/06/unforgettable-adventure-party-islands-coasts-beaches.html

spoiler : it was stunningness. stunningness is what she found.


labels: airlie beach, chel inumerable, hey it's chel, http://heyitschel.com/



posted by adam @ 1:50 pm  
      
         0 comments






wednesday, may 03, 2017



	 interview with musician eddy mann
    







we welcome eddy mann today who is (among many other things) a musician who brings the charm of the acoustic guitar and a message from his heart.  thank you so much for your time today eddy!



eddy, i wanted to ask you first up, you write so well.  you paint a picture with your descriptions and then lead us on an emotional journey.  have you always written so poetically or is it something you have to work hard on?  

well first, thank you for the kind words. writing is something i do everyday, and i’m constantly looking for new inspiration by immersing myself into all kinds of creative media. so really i’m just allowing life to happen, or flow through me, and hopefully i can share what it is i’m feeling afterwards in a lyric and or music form. life is a work in progress for me.


worship leading and song writing go hand in hand really well, and it’s something you do a wonderful job with… did one lead you into the other? 

yeah, i was a professional musician years before i became a worship leader. i never set out to be a worship leader, but when the opportunity to lead was presented to me i was already totally competent musically. it was an advantage to be musically ready for the challenge. it made it much easier to concentrate on the spiritual side of things, which was a new experience for me. it took a bit of time to balance those two things. i still read and study quite a bit as a lifestyle.


you released your latest album the consequence on election day… was that a coincidence or were you trying to infuse an uncertain time with peace and love? 

i wanted to take advantage of the release to challenge people to vote, to be a part of the process, to play their part in swaying the consequence. it wasn’t a political response as much as it was an appeal to apathetic thinking. my message is always one of love and compassion, so that was present, but underscored at the time.


your gig calendar for may is intense!  are you excited about playing at so many different venues? 

it’s always an honour and a humbling experience to have a platform to express yourself. i never take any performance for granted. each event is different from the last. no two are ever alike. my thinking is that the next gig is always going to be the best one, because you never know if it’s going to be your last one.


 thank you so much for your time, where should people reach you if they want your some eddy mann peace in their life?

my website is the first place to look – eddymann.com …i can also be followed on facebook at eddymann.musician and on twitter and instagram at eddy_mann. most of my catalogue is available on all the usual downloading sites.

labels: eddy mann, eddy mann musician, the consequence, www.eddymann.com



posted by adam @ 11:56 am  
      
         0 comments






friday, april 21, 2017



	 interview with vicky wu - marketing guru
    





we welcome vicky wu today who is marketing guru and runs an
incredible blog and marketing website http://vickywu.us/   thank you so much for your time today vicky!






first off, i wanted to ask you about your training courses,
they’re all on a range of different topics, all seem to be free and can be
found here.
how can they all be free?  they’re so
good.


i have several levels of classes on topics related to
marketing and business– introductory, intermediate and advanced.  all of my introductory training courses are
free.  these mini-courses span several
aspects of training for marketing and business, such as social media
marketing.  


what i have found is that a lot of business and
entrepreneurs that i work with who need help with marketing don’t even know
where or how to start.  these marketing
training courses are a great way to give them an understanding of those basic
concepts – where to start and how to do it – and an introduction to me and my
training style.  plus, i’ve already done
all of the research for them – i only post training courses on those business
marketing activities that i know produce results.  no need to weed through all of the
overwhelming information about marketing on the internet when i’ve already done
it for you and wrapped it up in a quick training course.  


the intermediate and advanced courses do have a price tag –
but each of these are extremely reasonable. 
i like to keep things down in the range of “the cost of a latte”!  these courses take a lot more of my knowledge
and expertise, plus more time to film, edit, and post, so of course i need to
charge, but i also focus on keeping the cost to my clients and students very
affordable.


i have a couple of packaged training sequences made up of
multiple training courses which are being finalized for release in may.  one is a marketing bootcamp, designed for
companies that have been in business for more than one year, which walks
through all of my marketing best practices i use with my own clients, in a
progression that makes the most sense. 
the second is our business startup marketing mastermind, designed for
organizations in business for one year or less, which delves deeper into a lot
of the aspects of setting up your marketing program for your business from
scratch – and how to do all aspects of marketing correctly from the beginning.  





time chunking
is a brilliant idea for a course… it’s something i really struggle with
myself.  why do you think people spend so
much more time working these days than ever before?


the primary reason i resigned my last position and moved
into freelance and contract work was because of overwork.  i had been working 80 hours a week for
several years, and came to a point that, while i loved the people i was working
with, i needed to take charge of a better work/life balance.  probably not the first time you’ve heard a
story like that!




i think there are several reasons why people spend so much
time working.  one of the biggest driving
factors in general that i see on the corporate side is pressure to cut costs,
especially during the big recession we experienced recently.  payroll costs are one of the biggest expenses
most companies have, and because of that also one of the places where some of
the biggest savings can be experienced. 
what i saw though the recession at a lot of companies was that as people
left jobs (voluntarily or through termination or reduction), their workload was
spread among the remaining staff.  you do
that too many times, or if you aren’t extremely careful with what pieces are
being added and to whom, you have several cases of overworked employees on your
hands.


another very common issue is that managers tend to give work
to the people who will get it done.  this
can result in top performers quickly getting overloaded.


one the personal side, for a lot of people, their job
provides their feeling of success or accomplishment, so they work hard.  in my case, i’m just a hard worker and driven
to succeed, and that doesn’t matter whether i’m an employee on your payroll,
working for myself, or i’m cleaning my house – when i start the job i’m going
to do it well and finish it completely (except organizing my closet – that’s a
different story that we won’t talk about!)


the great thing about time chunking is that you can regain
some of that control over your schedule, and often that control is enough to
ease some of your stress.  while it can’t
work for some types of jobs – i think of my son who works for amazon and it
would never work for his job – anyone with some flexibility, or if you are an
entrepreneur or run your own company, you can find some quick benefit into
using this type of system.  there’s a lot
of psychology behind the concepts, and i know from my own experience that
handling my workload this way allows me to accomplish a lot in both my personal
and professional life, juggle multiple clients with differing projects, and
achieve that work/life balancing act that i need.




your blog is epic, you
seem to be punching out really interesting articles every few days… do you
enjoy blogging and how does your own blog fit into your overall marketing
strategies?


most of my blog topics come from things being experienced in
real life.  either i’m talking to a
client and a topic comes up for discussion that i know i want to share with my
readers; or i see a business that is not a client doing something that i want
to discuss.  so everything in my blog is
real-world marketing experience.


blogging serves two purposes for my business:  it allows me to consistently provide
information of value to the people reading my blog, receiving my emails, and
following me on social media; it also provides new and unique information for
my website regularly, which is important to the people reading it and to search
engines.


that said, i have a process i follow using a marketing and
social media calendar to make this easier (which you can find on my blog by
searching the word “calendar”).  my
process follows a very specific path from a post on my website, which feeds to
my social media, and feeds to my email list, and then is re-posted regularly at
later dates to my social media.  i also
regularly re-purpose my own content, perhaps by making a video this week using the
information that was in a blog post a couple of months ago.


it’s important to note that while a blog can be extremely
valuable to help your business be found when someone searches on google or
elsewhere, it only works in specific circumstances.  you must have expert information to share –
and that information must be unique to you, not copied from another website or
some other expert.  and you must update
your blog regularly.  that doesn’t have
to mean daily or even weekly, but if i’m a reader and i see that your most
recent blog posts was two years ago, i may question how currently accurate your
information is, or even if you’re still in business (and google may do the
same)!





what are your favourite kind of clients to work with?  who really gets you excited?


i get excited about every client and every project!  i’m really a marketing geek and enjoy what
i’m doing.  i work with a lot of
entrepreneurs, and those can be challenging because they often do not have a
large budget or staff to be able to accomplish things that bigger companies can
do; but we’re able to give them results on those levels when we can get
creative.  i thrive on achieving results,
even if they are for other people!


i would say the most rewarding piece is a lot of my ongoing
clients who we’re working with every month. 
they have developed a trust level to the point where they let us do the
marketing activities that we know will be best for their business, within their
budget, and they are able to relax and just watch the results.  i think that says a lot about me and my team
and the work we’ve done and that makes me proud.



marketing seems so much more confusing now with all the
different online presences and social media platforms, where would a person who
is really brand new to marketing start do you think?


you are right – there is so much information it can be
overwhelming, and sometimes what you hear contradicts what you heard somewhere
else.  the easiest way to cut through all
the noise is to tune it out and turn it off!


when starting out with a new client, we start by ignoring
everything that everyone else is doing. 
it doesn’t matter that you read someone said do this, and someone else
is doing that.  we’re going to focus on
you and your business and your customers, and that’s really the first place
every business needs to start their marketing. 
so ignore everything else, just don’t ignore me when i tell you to do
that!


the place i always take my new clients first, even if they
don’t realize it’s what i’m doing, is through my 3 by 3 marketing matrixtm.  it’s actually one of my free marketing
trainings available on my website.  i use
the top row of the matrix and focus on activities that they are already doing
in their business and where we can incrementally improve those efforts.  while the training delves into the matrix much
deeper, at its core you look at something you are already doing and make one
tweak or improvement; so if i’m an entrepreneur and i already spend time on
facebook or instagram – even if it’s all personal and not business – i would
start by focusing some efforts there. 
it’s much easier to get your marketing up and running quickly if you can
focus this way.


another piece, i ask “why?” repeatedly.  this is actually one of the training lessons
in the business startup marketing mastermind course i mentioned.  this can help hone in on some values about
your business that can be used for storytelling (which is necessary in today’s
marketing world), as well as help you get customer-focused.  i may ask “why did you start this
business?  whatever answer they give me,
i ask another “why” question.  i ask why
at least three times, which helps me clarify my client’s needs for their
marketing and also helps clarify it in their own minds at the same time.





thank you so much for your time, where should people reach
you if they want your help?


the best way is by booking a free marketing strategy session
right on my calendar using http://vickywu.us/free-consultation


they can also call 512-591-8295 or email vicky@vickywu.us 

labels: vicky wu, vicky wu marketing guru



posted by adam @ 3:37 am  
      
         0 comments






monday, april 10, 2017



	 interview with the lemur fund
    





today we're honoured to have marat with us, who is the incorporator of the lemur fund, an organisation that is raising money to help conserve the lemurs habitat.

marat majored in physics and computer science. he spent most of his life in gaming business, being cofounder of wargaming game development company. the team has been struggling for survival for years, until they risked it all in 2010 to create world of tanks online game no one believed in. wot turned out to be a global hit and the company became one of the industry leaders. being chief operating officer for several years he expanded wargaming globally and developed few tech startups. he is particularly interested in genomics, information medicine, nanorobotics, waste management, animal protection and wild life conservation. he can be proud to be an early adopter of technologies, among other fields of interest: conquering aging and death.
 


thank you so much for your time today!  we’re very excited to have you interviewing with us about your funds to help save lemurs in madagascar.  


how did you first realise that the lemurs were in trouble?
i think i always liked lemurs. first time i saw them in a zoo many years ago and was impressed by their cute look, how they groomed each other and were taking sun bath. i started to collect lemur figures and i wanted to know more about them.  i read dozens of articles and contacted some  scientists and i realised that they were in real danger and i decided to save these wonderful creatures and build my own team.  this is how mk lemur foundation appeared. 


is it true that madagascar is the only country in the world that lemurs are found in the wild?
yes,  all of the world’s lemurs are found on a single island and a single country: madagascar. isolated from other primate competitors for around 60 million years has allowed lemurs not only to survive here – when they were extinct elsewhere – but to evolve into an astounding variety of types and species, adapted to all sorts of habitats and foods sources.


how do you think a balance can be struck between conservation and industry?  i haven’t been to madagascar, but i have been to thailand… which is also an incredibly beautiful place, with an incredible environment… that the local population seems not to care for at all because they’re quite poor and have to look after their families… is it the same sort of situation in madagascar?
i believe the balance definitely can be reached. madagascar is one of the poorest countries in the world. more than 90% of people live on less than $2 a day while half the country's children under five are said to suffer from malnutrition. yet, conservationists say protecting lemurs could actually help the human population as well.


scientists from all over the world have already created the lemur conservation strategy which will help local people to increase level of life and will conduce to saving lemurs. 


among activities are: reducing illegal cut (precious rosewood which goes to china) and charcoal production, developing new technologies, subsidize and the promotion and adoption of alternative cooking fires; carry out reforestation; provide alternative protein sources (instead of eating bushmeat),developing farming and stop slash-and-burn agriculture; developing ecotourism, etc.


in 2014 scientists released an emergency tree-year-plan that they argued could save lemurs from extinction. costing $7.6million the plan focused on setting up better protections and conservation programs in 30 lemur hotspots. but this number was never reached.





the fund's instagram page is so incredibly cute. how do you get such incredible photos of this furry little guys and girls?
we cooperate with different photographers who love lemurs and are willing to make their input. actually we welcome talented people who would like to help in any field: artists, programmers, marketing specialists, innovators. it’s very easy to become a part of the team, just drop a line in facebook, instagram or to one of our emails. there are a lot of challenges and we can brainstorm together. we are very open hearted and humble guys, so don’t hesitate to get in touch.


the world lemur festivals look like a lot of fun, have they helped your cause?
every year mk fund supports the world lemur festival. the main goal of this event is educational of course. as nelson mandela said education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world. the carnival aims to bring together various stakeholders such as organizations, associations and schools, and also foreigners living in or visiting madagascar. another activity such as conference/debate is a good forum for promoting lemur conservation and forest habitat protection through scientific communication. the conservation message will show that lemurs have a significant economic value in madagascar. 



if readers want to donate to this cause, how is the best way?
it’s very easy. you just go to our site lemurfund.org and click on orange donate button on the main page. you will have different options for donation, and it’s up to you how much are you willing to give. we are happy for any amount, though we still need to raise a lot.



thank you so much for your time, i so sincerely hope something can be done to help out little furry buddies.

labels: lemurfund.org, marat, mk fund, the world lemur festival



posted by adam @ 12:36 pm  
      
         2 comments






sunday, march 26, 2017



	 interview with mindstir media
    





both my partner and i are veracious readers and so i feel very lucky to be able to interview j.j. hebert, the founder and president of
mindstir media 



thank you so much for
sharing your time with us today… straight off the bat, what does mindstir media
do exactly?
here at mindstir media, we
help authors with self-publishing, book marketing and publicity. we work with
authors from all walks of life. we’ve worked with medical doctors, therapists,
stay at home moms and dads, and everyone in between. 


at what point did you
decide to do away with the publishing houses and self-publish yourself?
in 2009, i decided to bypass traditional publishing houses
to publish my debut novel, unconventional.
i launched mindstir media
in order to publish the novel. it went on to sell over 100,000 copies at
amazon.com and then i eventually used mindstir media to help other authors with
their publishing projects.


how important is
marketing do you think?  if someone
writes a truly amazing novel, won’t word just get around?
book marketing is crucial. we offer a wide array of book
marketing services to our authors. at the very least, each author needs his or
her own author website. from there it’s important to also have a social media
presence that is updated regularly. facebook marketing is key for authors,  as is twitter and goodreads. authors need to
be aggressive with marketing. word doesn’t just get around and you can’t count
on people to just stumble upon your book. 


do you still enjoy
paperback books yourself, or are you all about digital copies?  i’m still totally torn about this myself… i
love how many books i can churn through on my kindle… especially when i’m
travelling... but a real book is just special to me.
i personally prefer paperback books over kindle and other
ebooks. a lot of misinformed folks out there think that ebook is more popular
than print, but that’s just not the case. many industry reports indicate that
we still live in a predominantly print world. ebook still only accounts for 30%
to 35% of the book market. at mindstir media, we help authors publish
paperback, hardcover and ebook. 


how important is
social media to an author?  it looks like
you prefer authors to create an e-mail list instead of using social media
directly… why are you such a big fan of the e-mail list?
as i mentioned earlier, social media is one of my top book
marketing recommendations. i believe that you can use social media to drive
traffic to an author website and get email sign ups.  once you have a legit email list, you can
email those prospective clients without a problem, and at your own discretion. 


are you happy to talk
to authors who are just starting out?
absolutely. many mindstir media authors are newbies. but we
also work with authors who have published numerous books. don’t let the idea of
publishing overwhelm you. we really do make this an easy process. 


thanks so much for
your time… where can people reach you?
we are actually very active on social media and can also be
reached on our website and via phone at 800-767-0531.



facebook: http://www.facebook.com/mindstirmedia
twitter: http://www.twitter.com/mindstirmedia


official website: http://www.mindstirmedia.com/contact/

labels: j.j. hebert, mindstir media, www.mindstirmedia.com



posted by adam @ 4:21 am  
      
         1 comments











about me

name:  adam 
location:  united states 
view my complete profile



previous posts

interview with musician ed roman
mclovinsmart.com searches the internet for you!
chel's incredible trip to australia!
interview with musician eddy mann
interview with vicky wu - marketing guru
interview with the lemur fund
interview with mindstir media
free education university interview q&a
nicole russin-mcfarland interview
ian filippini interview

archives

october 2004
november 2004
december 2004
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
october 2008
november 2008
december 2008
january 2009
april 2009
september 2009
january 2016
february 2016
march 2016
may 2016
june 2016
july 2016
august 2016
october 2016
november 2016
january 2017
february 2017
march 2017
april 2017
may 2017
june 2017
july 2017


e-mail away : the.adz[at]gmail[dot]com






 






 


