







































	tau kappa epsilon fraternity | better men for a better world

















| 








 tkeogc@tke.org

| 

 (317) 872-6533 






| 
 mytke.org login
| 
 officers/volunteers chapter module login
| 
 shop tke
| 
careers
| 







| 



| 



| 



















toggle navigation











home
                            


about 
                            








about tau kappa epsilon

  about us & quick facts
  2020-2025 strategic plan
 find a chapter
 find an alumni association
 founders housing fund
  tke professional staff
 tke grand council
 the
                                                            
                                                            magazine
 contact us





join the fraternity for life

 become a teke
 member benefits
 expansion
 distinguished alumni
 teke authors





our 126 year history

 our founders
 national founders
 expansion leaders
 past grand prytani
 past grand officers
 declaration of principles
 opportunity out of defeat
 creed
 desired aims & outcomes





 

 symbols & traditions
 fraternity's history
 organization timeline
 individual award winners
 chapter award winners











programs
                            

overview 
province forums
regional leadership conferences
leadership academy
conclave
life loyal teke
alumni volunteer academy
the blueprint





news	
                            

from the newsroom
featured stories
events





foundation
                            

foundation home
give now
apply for scholarships

giving priorities

area of greatest need
scholarships
leadership funds
special projects
leadership academy
bm4bw courtyard



ways to give

payment methods
matching gifts
stocks and securities
tribute giving
cryptocurrency
donor advised fund (daf)




planned giving


start your free will
stocks & securities
ira gifts


donor recognition
your stories
foundation board of directors




resources
                            








chapter resources

 edu.tke.org
 fee structure & finances
 year at a glance
 branding & standards
 awards
 st. jude children's research hospital
 chapter rankings
 recruitment rankings
 risk management guidelines
 order recruitment supplies
 resource guides



 view all chapter resources





emerging chapter resources


becoming an emerging chapter
how to charter
 risk management guidelines
 resource guides
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 view all emerging chapter resources






officer resources

 edu.tke.org
 prytanis
 epiprytanis
 grammateus
 crysophylos
 histor
 hypophetes
 pylortes
 hegemon
 recruitment chairman
 philanthropy chairman







volunteer resources

 edu.tke.org
 become a volunteer
 chapter advisor
 board of advisors
 province advisor
 grand province advisor
 faculty/campus advisor
 alumni associations
 
 
 
 
 



 view all volunteer resources











give now
                            




























tke





tke





tke











why join tau kappa epsilon international fraternity?

                            founded by opportunity out of defeat and built on the honest convictions of love, charity and esteem, tau kappa epsilon is a men’s social fraternity 126 years in the making. we encourage you to take the opportunity to learn more about our brotherhood, available scholarships, educational programing and leadership development to see why we are the fraternity for life.
                        


learn more













collegiates
find chapter resources, scholarship opportunities and upcoming events near you.









parents & friends
learn more about our membership education program, financial obligations and philanthropic commitments. 









alumni
support the foundation, become a life loyal teke and update your contact information. 











recent news (  view all |  subscribe )









read more +


tau kappa epsilon mourns the passing of christopher a. grasso, pgo
                                        it is with profound sadness that tau kappa epsilon fraternity announces the passing of past grand officer frater christopher a. grasso.
                                    









read more +


fraternity & foundation selects new directors of development for east & west, regional director
                                        chief executive officer donald e. aldrich is proud to announce the recent hirings for both the foundation and fraternity.
                                    









read more +


2025 founders' day address
                                        venerable grand prytanis shares the 2025 tke founders' day address.
                                    









read more +


tke thanks frater joey krzywonos for his dedicated service
                                        tau kappa epsilon wants to thank director of health & education frater joey krzywonos (zeta-pi, culver-stockton).
                                    











read more +


tau kappa epsilon mourns the passing of christopher a. grasso, pgo
                                        it is with profound sadness that tau kappa epsilon fraternity announces the passing of past grand officer frater christopher a. grasso.
                                    









read more +


fraternity & foundation selects new directors of development for east & west, regional director
                                        chief executive officer donald e. aldrich is proud to announce the recent hirings for both the foundation and fraternity.
                                    











read more +


2025 founders' day address
                                        venerable grand prytanis shares the 2025 tke founders' day address.
                                    









read more +


tke thanks frater joey krzywonos for his dedicated service
                                        tau kappa epsilon wants to thank director of health & education frater joey krzywonos (zeta-pi, culver-stockton).
                                    














help tke raise $1,500,000.00 by may 15th

                                    founded by frater danny thomas (gamma-nu, toledo), st. jude children's research hospital works every day to fulfill danny's dream that "no child should die in the dawn of life." no family every receives a bill from st. jude and tekes across the world have made great strides to support the cause.
                                
 
see our progress toward our $1,500,000.00 goal


55% complete




donate today

learn more








notable tekes






elvis presley 
(beta-psi, arkansas state university, 1960)


                                            an american singer and actor.  one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century.  best selling solo artist in the history of recorded music.
                                        




ed droste 
(epsilon, iowa state, 1970)


                                            founded provident management corp in 1989 and serves as ceo.  he is one of the founders of hooters, concept and brand.  he has also co-founded several other restaurants; pete & shorty's tavern and adobe gilas.
                                        




marv levy 
(zeta, coe college, 1947)


                                            former american and canadian football coach, front office executive and author. coached buffalo bills (1986-1997) to 4 consecutive afc championships. only coach to ever compete in 4 consecutive super bowls
                                        




merv griffin 
(gamma-delta, miami, 1949)


                                            merv was a television host and media mogul. from 1965 to 1986, he hosted his own talk show, the merv griffin show, and created the game shows jeopardy! and wheel of fortune, still running today.
                                        




terry bradshaw 
(beta-zeta, louisiana tech, 1970)


                                            nfl hall-of-famer who led pittsburgh steelers as the first quarterback in nfl history to take a team to four super bowl victories.  currently a tv sports analyst.
                                        




raymond chambers 
(theta-zeta, rutgers, 1964)


                                            philanthropist raymond chambers is the special envoy for health in agenda 2030 and for malaria.  chambers philanthropic efforts focus on this like global health, mentoring and revitalizing his home city of newark, new jersey.
                                        




les paul 
(gamma-delta, university of miami)


                                            electric guitar pioneer and inspiration for the legendary gibson les paul guitar, which is widely used today by many of the worlds greatest guitarists. only person to be inducted into both the rock and roll fame and the national inventors hall of fame.
                                        




richard dozer 
(kappa-tau, university of arizona, 1975) 


                                            president of the arizona diamondbacks major league baseball club from 1995 to 2006.  he is currently president for phoenix office at genspring family offices, llc.
                                        




conrad hilton 
(alpha-omicron, new mexico state university, 1957)


                                            american hotelier who founded the worlds first international hotel chain, hilton hotels, which has since grown into a multibillion-dollar empire.
                                        




jim fielding 
(gamma-kappa, indiana, 1984)


                                            currently serving as president, consumer products and innovation for 20th century fox.  among the properties under his purview are; simpsons, family guy, x-files to name a few. previously served as the board chairman of the make-a-wish foundation international and president of disney stores worldwide at disney consumer products. 
                                        




mike huckabee 
(beta-psi, arkansas state, 2005)


                                            the former governor of arkansas and 2008 presidential candidate, american politician, christian minister, author and commentator. he currently hosts the huckabee talk show and is a featured speaker across the united states.
                                        




kevin gilbride 
(tau-eta, s. connecticut state, 2008)


                                            retired american football coach. earned two super bowl rings with the new york giants as the offensive coordinator.
                                        




steve forbes 
(grand chapter, 2009)


                                            publishing executive and two time republican candidate for president in the 1996 and 2000 primaries.  forbes is editor-in-chief of forbes, a business magazine.
                                        




howard schultz 
(theta-iota, n. michigan, 1973)


                                            best know as the former executive chairman and ceo of starbucks and a former owner of the seattle supersonics. prior to stepping down as exeutive chairman in 2018, he stepped down as ceo so he could concentrate on the "social missions" of starbucks.
                                        




willie nelson 
(nu-xi, stephen f. austin state university)


                                            american musician, singer, songwriter, author, poet, actor and activist. now into his 80's nelson continues to record music, tour and spend considerable time on various charitable and political causes.
                                        




george s. halas 
(gamma, illinois, 1914)


                                            nicknamed "papa bear" and mr everything", was a player, coach, owner and pioneer in nfl. he was the iconic longtime leader of the chicago bears. co-founder of the national football league and inductee to the pro football hall of fame. the gsh that appears on the bears uniforms is in memory of george.
                                        




graham harrell 
(sigma-xi, st, norbert, 2012)


                                            an american football quarterback, signed by the green bay packers in may 2010. he started 3 consecutive years at texas tech. university, winning the 2008 at&t all-america player of the year. currently the offensive coordinator and quarterback coach for the north texas mean green.
                                        




gregory pyle 
(epsilon-theta, southeastern oklahoma state, 1971)


                                            chief pyle took the oath of office june 9, 1997 as chief  of the choctaw nation and resigned effective april 28, 2014. prior to this he had served for 13 years as assistant chief, spending a substantial part of his time in washington, d.c.
                                        




ted bereswill 
(gamma-upsilon, texas, austin, 1977)


                                            retired senior vice president, north america oracle.  he has over 30 years experience in software sales and management.  he is also a board member for star of hope mission, one of the largest homeless missions in the us and serves on the tke grand council.
                                        




digger phelps 
(epsilon-zeta, rider college)


                                            veteran college basketball coach who, during his 20 seasons leading the notre dame fighting irish, tied the ncaa record for most upsets over a #1 team at 7.  spent the following 20 years as a sports analyst for espn.
                                        




alan gershenhorn 
(epsilon-omicron, university of houston, 1977)


                                            the chief sales, marketing and strategy officer for united parcel service, inc (ups). alan started working for united parcel service in 1979 as a part-time package handler.  he is currently the executive vice president and chief commercial officer.  
                                        




andrew allen 
(kappa-upsilon, villanova, 1975)


                                            a retired united states astronaut. a former united states marine corps aviator and lt. colonel. allen retired from the marine corps in 1997 and has served in various leadership positions since.
                                        




danny thomas  
(gamma-nu, university of toledo, 1962) 


                                            nightclub comedian, singer, actor and producer whose career spanned 50 years.  he is most notedly remembered for being the driving force in the creation of st jude children's research hospital - where no family will ever receive a bill. since st jude opened its' doors in 1962 the survival rate of childhood cancer has risen from 20% to 80% today.
                                        




gerald carr 
(beta-sigma, usc, 1951)


                                            retired us marine corps colonel and former nasa astronaut. commander of syklab 4, the third and final manned visit to skylab.  he founded camus, inc in 1984, a family owned corporation that provides technical support services in zero-gravity human factors engineering.
                                        




bob barr 
(beta-sigma, usc, 1967)


                                            attorney and politician, he served as a federal prosecutor and as a congressman, representing georgia's 7th congressional district.  gained national prominence as one of the leaders of president bill clinton's impeachment. learn more about frater barr by visiting tke.org/theteke for his feature from summer 2015.
                                        




phillip simms 
(mu-sigma, morehead state university, 1979)


                                            nfl quarterback and mvp who spent his entire 14 year career playing for the ny giants. he led the giants to their first championship in 30 years.  he is currently a sportscaster for the cbs network.
                                        




danny villanueva 
(alpha-omicron, new mexico state, 1959)


                                            former nfl placekicker and punter who played for the los angeles rams and the dallas cowboys.  he later co-founded univision, a major spanish-language television network.
                                        




ronald reagan 
(iota, eureka college, 1929)


                                            accomplished american politician whose successful career in government led to his election in 1981 as the 40th president of the united states
                                        




charles walgreen, jr
(upsilon, university of michigan, 1925)


                                            president of walgreen co who transformed his fathers local chicago drugstore into a multibillion-dollar conglomerate. frater charles passed away at 100 years of age.
                                        




paul wight 
(xi-beta, s. illinois edwardsville, 1992)


                                            american wrestler known as "big show" .  he is a seven-time world champion.  he is currently signed to wwe on the raw brand.  he has also appeared in several feature films.
                                        




dr. gregory geoffroy
 (alpha-chi, univ. of louisville, 1968)


                                            gregory l geoffroy became president of iowa state university in 2001.  he also holds the rank of professor of chemistry.  in 1991 he was named a fellow by the american association for the advancement of science.
                                        




dan mead 
(pi, penn state, 1973)


                                            former president and chief executive officer of verizon wireless, retired after 37 years with the company. mead is a member of the board of directors and an officer of ctia, the wireless industry trade association. he was appointed to the syniverse board of directors in 2016.
                                        




roy jones, jr. 
(tau-psi, univ. of west florida, 2007)


                                            roy jones jr. is a former professional boxer, boxing commentator, boxing trainer, rapper and actor.  he is a six-time world champion in four different weight classes.
                                        




francisco canseco 
(epsilon-alpha, st. louis university, 1969)


                                            lawyer, businessman and politician, he and a partner took hondo national bank from failing to an institution with over $180 and 4 branches.  he has served as board president since 1995.  he served as the representative for the 23rd district of texas in the 112th congress.
                                        








                                            american entrepreneur, author and philanthropist. he is the founder, chairman and ceo of salesforce, an enterprise cloud computing company. benioff is a noted philanthropist. in 2000, he established the “1-1-1 model,” whereby the company contributes one percent of product, one percent of equity, and one percent of employee hours back to the communities it serves globally. visit tke.org/theteke to read the spring 2018 issue featuring frater benioff.
                                        




ed moy 
(lambda, university of wisconsin, 1976)


                                            american businessman and former government official. from 2006 to 2011 he served as 38th director of the us mint. he is currently a member of the board of directors of icox innovations.
                                        




aaron rodgers 
(sigma-xi, st, norbert, 2012)


                                            an american football quarterback, signed by the green bay packers in may 2005. super bowl champion and mvp 2010. back up quarterback for brett favre for his first three years with the green bay packers, aaron became the starting quarterback in 2008 and still fills this position going into the 2018-2019 season, having just signed a 5 year contract extension.
                                        




marshall scantlin 
(epsilon-sigma, central oklahoma, 1961)


                                            retired brigadier general, graduate of the command and general staff college and the army war college and in 2001 was inducted into the oklahoma national guard ocs hall of fame.
                                        




perry fewell 
(delta-iota, lenoir-rhyne, 1982)


                                            american football defensive backs coach for the jacksonville jaguars.  he has also been interim head coach for the buffalo bills
                                        




paul caine  
(gamma-kappa, indiana, 1984)


                                            executive director of the engine group board and has been in the media, marketing and communications industry for 30 years. holding many diverse posts one of which was publisher for people magazine and chief revenue and client partnerships officer for bloomberg media.
                                        








instagram














programs/events





                            conclave 2026
                        



                            leadership academy
                        



                            regional leadership conference
                        



                            province forum
                        



                            alumni volunteer academy
                        



                            life loyal teke
                        



                            founders' day















×
login to your mytke.org account














forget your password?
no worries, click here to reset your password.



close














founded on january 10, 1899, tau kappa epsilon is one of the largest collegiate men’s social fraternities in north america with over 304,000 initiated members and 213 active chapters. tke’s mission is to aid men in their mental, moral and social development for life. with nearly 12,000 collegiate members, tau kappa epsilon contributes to the advancement of society through the personal growth of our members, and service to others. tke builds better men for a better world.

with a vision of forward-thinking, growth for tau kappa epsilon, the grand council of tke has released our 2020-2025 strategic plan.







latest news


tau kappa epsilon mourns the passing of christopher a. grasso, pgo
february 11, 2025

fraternity & foundation selects new directors of development for east & west, regional director
january 14, 2025

2025 founders' day address
january 10, 2025

tke thanks frater joey krzywonos for his dedicated service
december 23, 2024

tke foundation receives transformational $5 million planned gift
december 4, 2024

view all news articles








useful links


find a chapter
find lost tekes
donate
resources
st. jude children's research hospital
our programs
member benefits
tkestore.com - the official tke store
download the tke app
the black book
chapter eternal
rent a room at tke hq
update your contact information
contact us







the teke magazine









the teke
                                                        vol. 117 issue 2
                                                        summer 2024

view past issues





contact us

tau kappa epsilon

                                7439 woodland drive suite 100
                                
                                indianapolis, in 46278
                                
                                
                                phone: (317) 872-6533

                                fax: (317) 875-8353
                                
                                email: tkeogc@tke.org













                                2025 © all rights reserved.
                           member privacy


















































































