


private investigation agency: arizona private investigations at research etc

















            to enhance your user experience on our website, this site uses cookies. 
            if you continue to browse, you accept the use of cookies on our site. 
            see our privacy policy
             for more information.
        





































home










pre-employment screening










•   e-verify program










company background search










articles on investigation










adoption search










•  birthline registry



search states a-l




search states m-w




• search archives




• other registries













children & safety










military page



•  military reunions




• military buddy registry













camp lejeune info










lost loves










back to the beginning










spyralsearch directories










links page










about us










•   events










contact us










privacy policy

















welcome to research etc. investigations            

                                



research etc. investigations is a licensed private investigation agency experienced in all aspects of information research. since 1995, we have been committed to excellence in client satisfaction through professional investigations, friendly customer service and individual attention to each and every case.  with our vast resources, no case is too large or too small!  our clients, regardless of the size or scope of the investigation, can rest assured that every case is always handled in the strictest of confidence and with the utmost in discretion. we provide professional and thorough investigation services for the entire u.s and canada.  our areas of expertise include:  




pre-employment background screens  - designated e-verify employer agent



individual background checks - skip tracing / locates / lost loves



civil and criminal records  - property/asset research



adoption searches for adult adoptees or birth parents of adult children (all states) 



call now for more information -  (800) 992-3571 or email rsearchetc@aol.com

 


research etc. is a designated e-verify employer agent  - contact us to find out how we can help your business comply with this program. visit our e-verify page for more information.

research etc. has assisted professionals, companies and individuals with legal research, background checks and skip tracing.  we have brought together birth families, put service members back in touch and reunited lost loves.  we have helped many groups who organize family, military, and high school reunions.  as licensed private investigators, we have access to on-line databases and other resources available only to p.i.s.  
contact us for more information on our investigation services

check out our other website: spyralsearchsales.com

1920’s – 1990’s city directories & telephone books on cd & download

"spyral" back in time to capture records of people and their lives in past years. our phone book directory cd's & download are easy to use & provide high quality scans of the actual pages in pdf format, plus the entire contents are fully text searchable by keywords. these are tools that are useful for skip tracing, lawsuits, adoption and genealogy searches, etc.





adoption searches: research etc. performs adoption searches nationwide. we are experienced in locating and arranging reunions between adult adoptees, birth parents, and adoptive families. as each case is inherently different, our licensed searchers strive to maintain strict confidentiality and sensitivity toward all parties involved.  read more on our adoption search page!

buy our book about our adoption search cases:


	 

back to the beginning

remarkable true stories of adoption searches and reunions

from the case files of research etc.

	 





order an autographed copy - free shipping! 


		 

also available online at amazon.com 

		 


			 


				"the rollercoaster of emotions will move you to have a better understanding of 'why' and 'how' an adopted person and a birthparent feel the need to go “back to the beginning” of the person they are searching for." ~ rachel, california        

				 

				 "i've read it twice and recommend it to every single person involved in the adoption process. then i'd recommend it to every person outside of the process." - judy starbuck, scottsdale, az       

				 

				"the investigators who wrote this book are not 'typical' private investigators. they are more like crusaders out to help people whose 'normal' family pattern was disrupted and who rarely have anywhere to turn."  ~ leroy, oak harbor, wa    

				 

"as a psychologist who has helped many clients get the courage to begin a search, and someone who just enjoys reading, i highly recommend back to the beginning." -  a psychologist, phoenix, az


					 


						"from the ins and outs of private investigation to the beautiful, touching and heartwarming stories, i could not put it down!" - c. briskman, vashon island, wa

						 

"lots of twists and turns and human drama, both happy and sad." - a police officer, tempe, az

						 




alert for active duty military and veterans:
on july 2, 2022, the u.s. senate voted the honoring our pact act into law.
the honoring our pact act enables additional healthcare coverage for the more than three million veterans exposed to toxic burn pits and vietnam vets exposed to agent orange. the honoring our pact act also includes the camp lejeune justice act, which enables retribution for veterans, civilians, and family members affected by exposure to the toxic water at camp lejeune.
the camp lejeune justice act affects: veterans, family members and others who lived or worked at camp lejeune between august 1, 1953 and december 31, 1987. this includes those who have previously applied to the va for benefits and have been denied.
click here for more information on the camp lejeune justice act and helpful links


							  




				 




 



	  


email research etc. investigations  rsearchetc@aol.com

10869 n. scottsdale road, ste 103-114, scottsdale az 85254

(800) 992-3571  ♦  (480) 664-4345



"research dog" ©1995 amy andrews  - website design by digital infinity designs  © copyright 1995 - 2024 research etc., investigations

 researchetcinc.com webutation






















