












	ncdot: southeast corridor


























































































skip to main





it looks like your browser does not have javascript enabled. please turn on javascript and try again.













                                                        menu
                                                    






                            ncdot
                        










                              search
                          






close menu




ncdot
















ncdot
                                                




it looks like your browser does not have javascript enabled. please turn on javascript and try again.









nc.gov
                                                            




translation
                                                            




real time traffic
                                                            













site map


















javascript required  javascript must be enabled to use some features of this site.
                                 for further assistance, call us at
                                1-877-dot-4you (
                                1-877-368-4968). for dmv questions, call us at
                                919-715-7000. our mailing address is 1501 mail service center, raleigh nc 27699-1501.
                              


















home»divisions»rail»projects»southeast corridor



                                                    expand
                                                










                                                    southeast corridor
                                                





                                                            javascript must be enabled to use some features of this site.
                                                            
please do one of the following:
                                                        








                                                                                    reload page
                                                                                












                                                                                    view site map
                                                                                












                                                                                    email ncdot
                                                                                
















page content​​​​​​​​​​​​​​


  ​​​
the southeast corridor commission​ is leading the effort to connect states across the southeast through passenger and freight rail. the commission consists of departments of transportation from florida, georgia, north carolina, south carolina, tennessee, virginia and washington, d.c.through improved communication and planning between state department of transportations and stakeholders, the corridor is now in a better position to receive direct federal funding. to date, the southeast corridor commission has established a database of projects, published the southeast regional rail plan, a report on the economic benefits of high-performance rail in the southeast, and recently began a corridor-wide implementation plan​.
​ learn more about the southeast corridor​​


















                                                                10/31/2023 8:11 am
                                                            
















corridor identification & development program
next steps
corridor preservationfreight rail & rail crossing safety improvement programfuture passenger servicepiedmont improvement programsealed corridor programsoutheast corridorcurrently selected
































              contact
            

              n.c. department of transportation
            

              1501 mail service center
               raleigh, nc 27699-1501
            

send message



              locate contact information for ncdot employees, local offices, and more. 
            

view staff directory
              




              ncdot divisions
            






                    aviation
                  








                    dmv
                  







                    ferry
                  







                    global transpark
                  







                    highways
                  







                    integrated mobility division
                  







                    ports
                  








                    rail
                  







                    turnpike
                  






              social
            


                follow us:
              




                      facebook
                    







                      twitter
                    







                      youtube
                    







                      flickr
                    







                      instagram
                    
















                    nc.gov home
                  



                    employee directory
                  



                    accessibility
                  







                    terms of use
                  



                    privacy policy
                  



                    nc openbook
                  





              n.c.d.o.t.
          























