




wholesale insurance broker | general agent | employee benefits









































































 

















 
broker login
request login
get in touch
 

quick links
run a quote – benefitfront
secure email
marketing resource center
 

pgp broker portal
existing users log inusername or emailpassword remember me   forgot password




services
resources
tools
markets
about
careers
 



 


 
empowering brokers since 1993
as a general agent dedicated to your success



 

grow your benefits business
with the most powerful team supporting you.
at professional group plans our core purpose is to empower our broker partners so they can grow and thrive in a constantly evolving marketplace.
we’ve built the most powerful broker support team, unmatched anywhere in the industry, because we know that’s what our broker partners want and need to succeed.
as a general agent dedicated to a successful partnership, we are continually researching and evaluating the marketplace to give our broker partners a competitive edge with the most innovative technology, products, and resources available.





built on relationships. the pgp story.  



100% organic growth
founded in 1993, professional group plans has grown 100% organically into today’s top producing general agent in the tri-state area.
 




proven winning formula
our formula is simple, we live by our company motto “treat people the way we would want to be treated and never lose sight of the importance of relationships.”
 




today’s largest tri-state ga
through our current broker relationships, we serve over 60,000 employer groups, 600,000 covered lives, and $2,800,000 billion in annual premium.
 




unmatched service level
our successful relationships have earned us dedicated service teams with all of the top insurance carriers. our broker partners enjoy quicker turnaround times and an unmatched level of service and support.
 
delivering value.here’s what pgp brokers are saying about working with us.
we chose to partner with the team at pgp nearly 8 years ago and our relationship has evolved over the years into a crucial part of our business model. the employee benefit marketplace has become more labor intensive to the retail broker with regards to marketing, claims services, enrollment processing, compliance, offering and evaluating ancillary products, and staying ahead of aca and technology, and we have found a one stop solution to this issue. it would be tough to grow in today’s environment without a true partner like pgp.daniel j.without the support, knowledge and professionalism i have found with professional group plans i would not have been able to grow my business into the success it is today. it is a true partnership, and i am thankful for the bond we have formed, because although it is a business relationship on paper, it feels more like a personal relationship, and they make me feel like family! i recommend pgp wholeheartedly.victor d.our firm’s most important vendor relationship – pgp. they have an unmatched level of competence, a willingness to take on any challenge, and the ability to explain complex information. this ensures our team always makes sound recommendations to our clients.todd b. 




request a complimentary consultationwe’d love to hear from you. our team welcomes the opportunity to work with all brokers looking to enhance, streamline, and grow their benefits business. simply fill out the form below and an employee benefits consultant will get back to you.



 









empowering brokers.


contactoffice locations
get in touch
request login
 

companyabout
careers
privacy policy
 

follow usfacebook
twitter
linkedin
 

call an employee benefits consultant
1.833.556.0101





					© 2019 - 2025 professional group plans. all rights reserved. | 
											sitemap | 
										privacy policy | 
					long island web design by active web group
				





services
resources
tools
markets
about
careers
broker login
request login
get in touch
 






we are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.you can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.


accept

 






















close gdpr cookie settings






 


privacy overview




strictly necessary cookies




powered by  gdpr cookie compliance

 








privacy overview

this website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.





strictly necessary cookies

strictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.




enable or disable cookies










if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.












enable all
save settings

 









 


