






home - progressive technology solutions, llc




















  
            






about


services

application development
network support
computer maintenance



contact


get a quote

application development
network support
computer maintenance















making technology work for you

            since 2002, progressive technology solutions has been focused on providing efficient, cost-effective solutions for businesses
            and individuals. we have a dedicated team of professionals with a common goal: to help you succeed with superior solutions.
            take a look at our services to see how we can help you.
        





our services








application development


                        with over 35 years of experience, our development team has had the
                        opportunity to work on projects for insurance, banking, healthcare, and logistics. take a look at
                        our summary of experience to see how we can help you with your e-commerce projects, line-of-business systems,
                        and support systems with efficiency, precision, and cost-effective approaches.
                    


learn more










network support


                        servers, workstations, routers, switches, co-location, and cloud solutions: we can help you find the best
                        combination of these technologies to fit your needs, as well as provide ongoing support of these systems, so
                        you can focus on your business. contact us to see how we can leverage these technologies to support your efforts.
                    


learn more










computer maintenance


                        does your laptop have a cracked screen? do you need a new battery, hard drive, or more memory for your computer?
                        has your computer become infected with spyware, viruses or ransomware? everything from computer repairs to
                        upgrades, malware removal, data backups, and even custom builds, we can help make your system run efficiently
                        and smoothly. give us a call or visit our "services" pages for details.
                    


learn more












                our mission is to provide technical solutions that are designed to fit your requirements, time frame, and budget.
                give us a call at 847.829.1040, or visit our "get a quote" pages to see how we can help you!
            




















partners & affiliates


  
                                










general information


privacy policy

contact us
 









progressive technology solutions, llc

720 industrial drive, #113

cary, il 60013


847.829.1040






© progressive technology solutions, llc







privacy policy

×



                    we are committed to protecting your privacy at progressive technology solutions, llc. we will not collect any
                    personal information from you that you do not volunteer, and we are the sole owner of all information collected
                    on this site. we do not sell, share, or rent this information to others in any way.
                    

confidentiality and security

                    we limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into
                    contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs. we have physical,
                    electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect all information provided by you on this site.
                    

questions?

                    if you wish to change any information you have given us, or have any questions regarding our privacy policy,
                    you can contact us at info@pro-tech-solutions.com
                    


close








thank you!



                        close
                    








thank you!


                    we will contact you shortly.
                


                        close
                    





