








home - keith n hampton






























































keith n hampton












home
publications
blog
courses
vitae
about
contact















home



























publicationsarchive of research papers and reports.
learn more 

















vitaecurriculum vitae of published works, editorial roles, teaching experience, conference presentations, recent keynotes and awards.
learn more 

















coursescurrent and past course syllabi for graduate and undergraduate courses in communication technology and society, social network analysis, and research methods.
learn more 












keith n. hampton, ph.d., is a professor in the department of media and information, and director of academic research at the quello center for telecommunication management and law at michigan state university (msu). hampton studies community and the relationship between digital media, social networks, and inequality. his recent research has focused on the outcomes of persistent contact and pervasive awareness through social media, including stress, self-esteem, tolerance, belief in a just world, exposure to diverse points of view, and willingness to voice opinions.
learn more 





















critical reflections on communication and sociology


i recently had the opportunity to reflect on the progress that sociology has made, as a disciple, in studying the internet, social media, and related technologies. i see a general trend, away form multiple disciplinary voices engaged in the study of digital media, towards a dominant ‘communication perspective’ that does not adequately represent sociological perspectives […]










new paper : disconnection more problematic for adolescent self-esteem than heavy social media use


this paper looks at the relationship between “excessive” screen time (e.g., social media and video games) and teen self-esteem relative to “disconnection” and traditional inequalities (e.g., gender) and well-established predictors of well-being (e.g., academic performance). we find that social media use does not displace (it supports) in person contact, and that disconnection (poor home access, […]










new paper : new media use and the belief in a just world


new paper with inyoung shin on “new media use and the belief in a just world: awareness of life events and the perception of fairness for self and injustice for others“. facebook and the use of many other new media are related to awareness of major life events in the lives of friends and family. […]
















tweet


 






search for:



 recent postscritical reflections on communication and sociologynew paper : disconnection more problematic for adolescent self-esteem than heavy social media usenew paper : new media use and the belief in a just worldthe rural broadband gap
https://youtu.be/h58xkiarfcqsocial capital and new communication and information technologieshttps://youtu.be/j3zzgv_wnpctweets from keith hamptontweets by mysocnet











keith n hampton



copyright 2023 keith n hampton



























