kids learning games | educational toys & kids tablets | leapfrogproductsbrowse all productslearning programleapfrog academybrowse learning tabletsleappad academyleappad ultimateapps & gamingbrowse all appsbrowse all cartridge gamesbrowse reading systemsleapstart goleapstart 3dleapstartleapreader (4-8 yrs.)book librarybrowse learning toysleapbuildersleapbuilders (french version)rockit twistinfant (3-12 months)toddler (1-3 yrs.)preschool (3-4 yrs.)pre-k (4-5 yrs.)kindergarten (5-6 yrs.)first grade & beyond (6+ yrs.)browse baby caresmart baby monitorsvideo baby monitorssupportdownload connect softwarecustomer servicesupport by productmore from leapfrogaccessoriesapp centershop all appsshop apps by deviceleappad academyleapfrog epicleappad ultimateleappad platinumleappad ultraleappad3leappad2magic adventures globerockit twistshop apps by categoryapp bundleslearning gamesleaptv learning gamesinteractive storybooksebookscreativitylearning videosjust for fun videosmusicexpansion packsflash cardsshop apps by price$5 and under$5 to $10$10 to $25more from the app centerleaptvwhy leapfrog gamescustomer supportleapfrog academysupportsupport overviewproduct supportdownload leapfrog connectsupport by productproduct faqsinstruction manualswarranty informationmy ordersmy accountcanada (french)australiairelandnew zealandspainunited kingdomunited statesother englishother frenchkids tablets, reading systems, educational toys, and learning games from leapfrog
this is a carousel with auto-rotating slides. click on the pause button to disable rotation, or jump to a slide with the slide dots.slide 1slide 2slide 3slide 4slide 5slide 6this is a carousel with auto-rotating slides. click on the pause button to disable rotation, or jump to a slide with the slide dots. 40% off apps. use code: cupid. shop nowsee detailsuse code: cupidshop nowsee detailsthis is a carousel with auto-rotating slides. click on the pause button to disable rotation, or jump to a slide with the slide dots. adventure awaits: escape into reading fun on amazon. how about some caramel? new leapfrog toys have arrived! shop now on amazon!shop nowthis is a carousel with auto-rotating slides. click on the pause button to disable rotation, or jump to a slide with the slide dots. adventure awaits: escape into reading fun. shop reading toys on amazon!shop nowthis is a carousel with auto-rotating slides. click on the pause button to disable rotation, or jump to a slide with the slide dots. adventure awaits: escape into reading fun. learning toys at walmartshop nowthis is a carousel with auto-rotating slides. click on the pause button to disable rotation, or jump to a slide with the slide dots. adventure awaits: escape into reading fun. see what's new at toys r usshop nowthis is a carousel with auto-rotating slides. click on the pause button to disable rotation, or jump to a slide with the slide dots. adventure awaits: escape into reading fun on amazon. how about some caramel? leapfrog baby monitors on amazonshop nowleapfrog academy 2,000+ learning activitiesstart your 1-month free trialsign up todaylooking for product supportlearn more
new products

view all >
 popular products
view all >
 shop by age




infant & toddler
(3-36 months)






preschool
(3-5 years)






kindergarten
(5-6 years)






1st grade +
(6+ years)





new arrivals





infant & toddler (3-36 months)





preschool (3-5 years)




kindergarten (5-6 years)




1st grade + (6+ years)




new arrivals

shop by category



tablets



readingsystems



learning toys



app center



baby monitors








tablets








reading systems








learning toys








app center








baby monitors


 
 
 
 
 
follow us for more inspiration
 
follow us for more inspiration
 



















 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
leapfrog footerback to topabout+about leapfrogcontact ussupport+connect your devicefaqs & product guideswhere to buyinternational distributorsrecall infoaccessibilityinternational sites+australia / new zealandcanada: frenchirelandspainukusrest of world: englishrest of world: frenchconnect with usbe the first to knowenter emailyes, i would like to receive product news and special offers from leapfrog.sign uplegal terms | privacy policy | global supply chain | cookie policy | update cookie settings
© 2001-2025 leapfrog enterprises, inc. all rights reserved.



