

aloha bike tours on the island of maui
















last updated 1/30/13 







 aloha from maui and thank you for your interest in aloha bike tours. we have lived and biked here on maui for 30 years.  we are not like any of the other bike tour companies on maui. we offer several different bike tours to best fit the needs of our customers.
 hopefully you will be able to experience the aloha & beauty of this magical island of maui!


 
aloha nui loa!
marc & karen friezner




call 808-870-7409





owners

 marc & karen friezner.
 30 years bicycling experience on maui.
 2 time hawaii state bicycling champion.
 2 time haleakala hill climb champion.
 members of maui bicycle club & hawaii bicycle league
 members of  norba, law, imba, & uscf.




 all tours feature

 freedom to ride at your own pace. 
 freedom to stop as often as you like.
 gloves 
 windbreakers tops & bottoms
 helmets
 backpack
 maps
 van transportation 





haleakala summit bike tour




you meet for the tour at 9am in the town of paia. you will then board the van for a drive to the summit of haleakala. you'll be able to view haleakala crater. then you reboard the van to be driven down to the entrance of haleakala national park , where you will begin your bike descent. you will be outfitted with all the necessary gear including helmets, gloves, windbreakers, backpacks and a map. the first part of the downhill you will cruise down the 21 switchbacks through haleakala ranch. this be will be done entirely at your leisure, stopping as often as you like. there are many scenic lookouts for some great photo shots.




 one scenic stop, after the first 9 miles downhill is sunrise market & protea flower farm. you can view their exotic protea flowers from south africa. in addition they have locally grown fruits, coffee, snacks & restrooms available. at this point there are some optional routes for more avid cyclists, who would like to ride some extra miles and including a visit to the maui winery. 

on all the bike tours you will make your way back to paia, by no later than 4:30pm.





price is $89.95 + tax per person.
call for reservations & info  @808-870-7409
refund & 48 hour cancellation policy!



haleakala sunrise bike tour


you meet for the tour at 3am in the town paia. you will then board the van for a drive to the summit of haleakala and hopefully you will view a life changing sunrise. the rest of the tour will proceed exactly the same as the haleakala summit tour above. you will have the option to stop and have breakfast at the kula lodge restaurant & marketplace. great grinds, as we say in hawaii, and awesome views.



price is $99.95 + tax per person.
call for reservations & info @808-870-7409
refund & 48 hour cancellation policy!




haleakala express bike tour


you meet the tour at 9am in paia town. you will then board the van for a drive to the entrance of haleakala national park. the rest of the tour will proceed exactly the same as the "haleakala summit tour" above, except you will not be viewing haleakala crater. 


price is $69.95 + tax per.
call for reservations & info @808-870-7409 
refund & 48 hour cancellation policy!






aloha bicycle tours
directions to paia @mapquest


call 808-870-7409


  (please call between 7am-10pm hst)










we reserve our right to reserve our rights, so don't steal this stuff or redistribute it to make money. ok?
 ©copyright 2013 aloha bicycle tours. all rights reserved.





maui's top 10 things to do!

 having lived on maui for 30 years, i have personally compiled this web page on great ideas on things to see & do here on maui. 




cool links

 a list of links around hawaii and the world.


      





