





interactive statistical calculation pages

















sections of the statpages.net (statpages.info and statpages.org) website




 {{ x.name }} 


                 {{ x.name }}
            













©

statpages

web pages that perform statistical calculations!







the web pages
listed below comprise a powerful, conveniently-accessible, multi-platform
statistical software package. there are also links to online statistics books,
tutorials, downloadable software, and related resources. 
these pages are located on servers all over the world, and are the
result of much cleverness and hard work on the part of some very talented
individuals. so if you find a page useful it would be nice to send the authors a
short e-mail expressing your appreciation for their hard work and generosity in
making this software freely accessible to the world.

table of contents for this
page...

selecting the right kind of analysis

"online software" package websites

calculators, plotters, function integrators, and
  interactive programming environments

probability distribution functions: tables, graphs,
  random number generators

descriptive statistics, histograms, charts

confidence intervals, single-population tests

sample comparisons: t-tests, anovas, non-parametric
  comparisons

contingency tables, cross-tabs, chi-square tests

regression, correlation, least squares
  curve-fitting, non-parametric correlation

analysis of survival data

bayesian methods

other statistical tests and analyses

specialized and discipline-specific tests and
  analyses

power, sample size and experimental design 

other statistical resources... 

free statistical software packages

online statistics textbooks, reference
  manuals, and journals

interactive statistical demonstrations and
  tutorials

links to other statistics-related
  pages

about this project 


first -- choose the right
test! [return to table of
contents] 
there are a bewildering number of statistical analyses out there, and
choosing the right one for a particular set of data can be a daunting task. here
are some web pages that can help: 

statistical decision tree, from the developers of the microsiris package. this
  is an interactive set of web pages to help you select the right kind of
  analysis to perform on your data. it asks you a simple series of questions
  about your data (how many variables, etc.), then makes recommendations about
  the best test to perform.
  
choosing a statistical test, chapter 37 of dr. harvey
  motulsky's book intuitive biostatistics.
  
selecting statistics, by bill trochim (cornell). another
   interactive set of web pages to help you select the right kind of
  analysis to perform on your data. 
statibot (provided by dominik heeb)
        
helps to find the right analysis, based on real data
performs the analysis on the real data
english and german
free




"online software package" web
sites [return to table of
contents] 
as you can see from looking at the statpages.org web site, there are many
"stand-alone" web pages that are each designed to perform only a single test or
calculation. in addition, some talented individuals and groups have created
coherent website that perform an entire suite of calculations, with a
logical organization and consistent user interface. each of these web sites is
really a fairly complete online statistical software package in itself. here are
some of these "comprehensive" statistical analysis web sites: 

statigraphics stratus-- a browser-based version of
  stratigraphics statistical software. provides plotting, probability
  distributions, summary statistics, one-, two-, and multiple-sample analysis,
  time-series analysis, regression analysis, curve-fitting, attribute estimates,
  anovas, statistical process control, smoothing, power/sample-size
  calculations, and other statistical analyses.also provides  access to
  over 50 applets in which you can enter data, compute statistics, create tables
  and graphs, and print out the results. the free "guest" version supports up to
  100 rows and 10 columns of data. for larger data sets, a single-user copy or a
  corporate deployment license can be purchased. to use the guest version, click here.
  
openepi version 2.2 --
  openepi is a free, web-based, open source, operating-system-independent series
  of programs for use in public health and medicine, providing a number of
  epidemiologic and statistical tools. version 2 (4/25/2007) has a new interface
  that presents results without using pop-up windows, and has better
  installation methods so that it can be run without an internet connection.
  version 2.2 (2007/11/09) lets users run the software in english, french,
  spanish, or italian.
  
socr -- statistics
  online computational resource. a very comprehensive collection of online
  calculators and other interactive resources, including: distributions
  (interactive graphs and calculators), experiments (virtual computer-generated
  analogs of popular games and processes), analyses (collection of common
  web-accessible tools for statistical data analysis), games (interfaces and
  simulations to real-life processes), modeler (tools for distribution,
  polynomial and spectral model-fitting and simulation), graphs, plots and
  charts (comprehensive web-based tools for exploratory data analysis),
  additional tools (other statistical tools and resources), socr wiki
  (collaborative wiki resource), educational materials and hands-on activities
  (varieties of socr educational materials), socr statistical consulting and
  statistical computing libraries.
  
scistatcalc -- a very good web site (thank you alijah
  ahmed!), with online calculators for many of the common statistical
  probability functions and significance tests, and pages that explain the
  concepts and formulas behind the tests. calculating pages provide flexible
  input options (type the numbers in, or read them from a text fiile), and
  well--organized output of results, with interpretations and graphical
  displays.
  
medcalc -- two different web sites:






    
medcalc.org -- a
    collection of seven free calculating web pages: tests for one
    mean or one proportion, comparisons of means or proportions, relative
    risk, odds ratio, and diagnostic test evaluation.
    
medcalc.net -- a
    pay-for browser-based statistical system (5-day free trial available)
    providing a wide range of statistical analyses (click here for
    list). 


protogenie -- a free
  extensible web-based environment for research design and data collection for
  surveys, experiments, clinical trials, time series, cognitive and vision
  research, and methods courses. lets you specify groups and define measurement
  and treatment events and their sequencing. the goal is to let users move
  smoothly from research design and data collection to interim and final
  statistical analysis.
  
the
  calcugator -- a calculator, plotting engine, and programming environment.
  also available as a free stand-alone downloadable program. simple to use;
  rivals programs like matlab, with 200 functions/operators to perform real,
  integer, rational, complex, boolean, statistical, vector, array and matrix
  computations. both the input and output of the program are displayed on
  standard windows which can be further edited, saved, merged, print-previewed
  and printed. allows rapid creation of 2d and 3d plots of functions, polar and
  parametric displays, bar, pie, pareto and xy charts. all plots can be
  configured using the mouse (zooming, panning, selecting). titles and labels
  are supported, and all figures created by the calcugator can be exported into
  popular file formats or pasted into an editable window. as a programming
  environment it has a simple and compact language with identical syntax to
  java/c/c++, and allows user-defined functions.
  
sisa
  (simple interactive statistical analysis) -- sisa allows you to do
  statistical analysis directly on the internet. click on one of the procedure
  names below, fill in the form, click the button, and the analysis will take
  place on the spot. study the user friendly guides to statistical procedures to
  see what procedure is appropriate for your problem.
  
the webmath page
  performs a large number of numeric calculations and symbolic algebraic
  manipulations of the type that might arise in high school / college algebra
  and calculus, including some elementary statistical calculations. in doing so,
  it provides a detailed step-by-step explanation of how it arrived at the
  answer.
apponfly has a
different approach -- the company maintains windows computers with a
wide selection of windows software, including utilities for accessing
pdf, zip, graphics and other files, web browsers, various office suites
(ms office, libre office, apache openoffice, wordperfect office), and
statistical packages (spss,  ncss, r), to mention a few. they then
provide apps for accessing this windows desktop environment from any
device -- computer, smartphone, tablet (windows, mac os, ios, android).
this is a pay-for service, but they offer one-month free trials.


calculators, plotters, function
integrators, and interactive programming environments...[return to table of contents] 

expression evaluators -- type in any numeric
  expression; the computer will evaluate it and display the results...




    

had2know -- calculators for math, statistics, finance, home and garden
    remodeling, science, technology, health, and much more.
    

gigacalculator.com -- several nice statistical tools,
    each accompanied by detailed description of the underlying math and assumptions, alongside relevant formulas.
    

stats solver -- a diverse assambley of useful statistic online calculaters.
    informative. step_by-step.
    

unitconverter -- slick and easy, but includes cookies and advertising.
    
scientific calculator -- numeric
    expression evaluator.

statscalculator -- neath and easy calculator.
    will serve as a basic alternative for paid tools such as minitab.
    
statistics calculator 
-- compute a number of statistical properties of a dataset (mean,
median, harmonic mean, geometric mean, minimum, maximum, range,
variance, standard deviation) 
inverse symbolic calculator -- tells you where a number
    came from. for example, if you type in 1.55838744, this program will
    tell you that it's really the square root of 17/7. 

percentage calculator -- new with more features and improved accuracy
    and help.
    


calculators -- pages that look and act like a
  pocket calculator...





    

the texas instruments ti84 online calculator -- excellent!
    

a simple 5-function calculator with memory (adobe flash player required).
    
icalcu --  four statistics calculators: five-number summary, anova and tukey hsd, chi-square and binomial probability.
    they are extremely easy to use, with intuitive examples included. more to come.
    
acetabulum.dk -- 5 statistic online calculators (correlation test, survival analysais, cox propertional hazard, one and two way anova and anova from summary data, logistic regression).
    
margin of error calculator -- the margin of error calculator can be employed to compute the moe of a survey in accordance with the sample proportion and size, and the desired confidence level.
    
cocalc -- an
    advanced rpn scientific calculator from cohort software. has log, trig, boolean, binary/hex, and
    basic statistics functions. implemented as a java
    applet, so it can be run from the web or stored on your computer for
    "offline" running when not connected to the web. also available in a larger-font
    version.
    
links to
    other online calculators, and calculator-related resources, from
    essential links (el.com).
    


plotters -- type in any algebraic function; it
  displays the graph...





    
function plotter -- lets you zoom in and out to view any
    portion of the graph. (needs java.)
    
function plotter -- produces a small 3d plot of almost any
    function or relation found in high school and undergraduate college
    mathematics. plots functions of the form y = f(x), such as y = x2 or y = 3x
    + 1, or relations of the form f(x,y) = g(x,y), such as x2 + y2 = 4. (but flash player needed)
    
linear programming grapher-- enter a linear function of
    two variables to be minimized, and any number of linear inequality
    expressions, and the page will instantly solve it and display a graph
    showing the feasible region and the constraints.
    
simplex tool -- similar to the linear programming grapher,
    but works with functions of more than two variables, and doesn't graph the
    results. 


integrators -- type in any function; the computer
  displays the indefinite integral function (if one exists) and/or the value of
  the definite integral (area under the curve) between two endpoints...





    
indefinite
    integrals -- using the mathematica engine 


interactive programming environments -- these pages
  implement various mathematical programming languages. you can enter commands
  or entire programs (type or copy/paste) into the web page, and they will be
  executed immediately.





    
rweb
    -- an interactive web-based interface to the "r" statistical programming
    language (similar to s or s-plus)
    
mx --
    -- a matrix algebra interpreter and numerical optimizer for
    exploration of matrix algebra. many built-in fit fuctions for structural
    equation modeling and other statistical modeling. has fitting fuctions like
    those in lisrel, liscomp, eqs and calis, along with facilities for maximum
    likelihood estimation of parameters from missing data structures, under
    normal theory. users can easily specify complex 'nonstandard' models,
    define their own fit functions, and perform optimization subject to linear
    and nonlinear equality or boundary constraints.
    
more calculators
    -- a list free online/downloadable calculators.
    




probability distribution functions: tables,
graphs, random number generators... [return to table of contents] 

probability integrals -- these pages take the place
  of a handbook of statistical functions. they're arranged with the most
  comprehensive,multi-function pages first...





    
these pages contain calculations for a very wide assortment of
    probability distribution functions, including normal, bivariate normal,
    student t, chi-square, fisher f, bivariate normal, noncentral student t,
    non-central chi-square, non-central fisher f, poisson, log-normal,
    exponential, beta, gamma, logistic, binomial, negative binomial,
    multinomial, cauchy, gumbel, laplace, pareto, weibull, uniform (continuous
    and discrete), triangular, geometric, and hypergeometric:





        
xuru's page to
      calculate pdfs, cdfs, and their complementary and inverse, along with
      expected values, mean, variance, skewness & kurtosis, for binomial,
      geometric, negative binomial, poisson, hypergeometric, normal, chi-square,
      student t and fisher f distributions.

distribution/density calculators, plotters and random number
      generators

very sophisticated interactive page for over 65 continuous
      and discreet statistical distribution functions -- select a function
      from a menu, and it will show you a graph of that function along with its
      properties. you can click on the graph to select limits, and it will show
      you the left, middle and right integrals. 


these pages each compute probabilities for the four most common
    probability distributions:





        
normal, t, chi-square, and binomial (density and cumulative)
      probabilities; use e.g. dnorm, qnorm, rnorm.)
      
central and tail areas for normal, student, f, chi-square,
      binomial, and poisson distributions

statistical probability distribution
      functions: normal, student t, chi-square, fisher f

p-values for the popular distributions -- binomial ,
      chi-square, exponential , fisher's f, k-s: two samples , poisson, normal ,
      student's t, and uniform distributions.
      
calculate p-value from z, t, f, r, or chi square; or do
      the reverse.
      
reverse computations: enter p-value (and, if necessary,
      sample sizes and/or d.f.); program will compute z, t, f, chi square, and
      correlation coefficient 


these pages each compute probabilities and/or inverses for a specific
    distributions:





        
normal distribution areas, with nice graphical
      interpretations

another very good normal distribution calculator, with nice
      graphics

a very attractive page for normal distribution (and
      inverse), with detailed explanations

normal area (1-tailed)

cumulative area under the normal curve (integral from
      minus infinity to z)
      
chi-square probabilities, and reverse, with a detailed
      explanation

chi-square distribution

chi-square distribution

student t distribution

inverse (t  value from p value)
      
probabilities for the fisher f distribution

another fisher f distribution p-value calculator.
      
critical fisher f value, given the alpha level, the
      numerator and denominator d.f.
      
non-central f value (by laubscher's square root
      approximation), given the f-value, numerator and denominator d.f., and the
      noncentrality parameter.
      
binomial, poisson and gaussian distribution
      probabilities
      
cumulative frequency for the binomial distribution

probabilities for gamma, complete beta, and incomplete beta
      distributions 


this page contains links to printable copies (in adobe acrobat pdf format) of
    many statistical tables including some for which no "calculating pages" are
    available





        
normal curve

critical values for: student t, fisher f, studentized range statistic and dunnett's test, chi-square, binomial test, wilcoxon ranked-sums test, wilcoxon signed ranks test, and correlation coefficient

converting r to z 

statistical power of: z test, t-test for one sample or two related samples, t-test for two independent samples, analysis of variance, and correlation coefficient

required sample size for various tests 




random number generators... 

random integers -- generates any number of random
    integers, uniformly distributed between any two limits
    
generate tables of random integers from any specified
    range, or random values from a normal distribution with any specified mean
    and sd.
    
random fractional numbers -- generates any number of
    random numbers, each a fraction between 0 and 1 with 8 digits after the
    decimal point
    
randomly assign subjects to treatment groups -- can
    randomly choose a group for each subject, or randomly shuffle subjects
    within groups.
    
research
    randomizer -- generates one or more sets of random numbers from a
    specified range, with or without repeats, sorted or unsorted.
    
block
    randomizer -- assigns subjects randomly to different groups, with
    multiple blocking to ensure that imbalances are kept under control if the
    study is terminated prematurely
    
random assignment of subjects to one or more groups --
    three variations:





        
generates m groups of n numbers each by distributing the numbers from
      1 to m*n randomly into the m groups
      
generates m blocks of n numbers each by randomly shuffling the numbers
      from 1 to n in each block
      
generates a subset of n numbers by random selection from a list of the
      numbers from 1 to m 




combinatorial
  objects server -- generates an incredible assortment of...





    
permutations and their restrictions
    
subsets or combinations
    
permutations or combinations of a multiset
    
set partitions
    
numerical partitions and relatives
    
binary, rooted, free and other trees
    
necklaces, lyndon words, debruijn sequences
    
irreducible and primitive polynomials over gf(2)
    
ideals or linear extensions of a poset
    
spanning trees and other subgraphs of a graph
    
unlabelled graphs
    
pentomino puzzles, polyominoes, n-queens
    
and other puzzles and miscellanea 




descriptive statistics, histograms,
charts... [return to table of
contents] 

statiscope -- a beautifully-implemented page for calculating
  and displaying a large number of descriptive statistics from a set of numbers you enter (java code)

xuru's page for
  single variable descriptive statistics: mean, median, sd, variance, mean
  abs deviation, geometric mean & sd, skewness, kurtosis, quartiles,
  standard errors, anderson-darling normality test, and some confidence
  intervals of the mean and sd. you can copy and paste data directly from a
  spreadsheet or a tabulated data file, or enter numbers manually.
  
descriptive sampling statistics -- enter up to 80 numbers;
  this page will calculate the mean, variance, sd, cv, skewness and kurtosis.
  
descriptive statistics (mean, sd, sem, and ci of mean). can
  enter or paste raw data, or enter mean, sd or sem, and n to get ci.
  
descriptive statistics -- enter up to 80 values; page
  calculates: n, mean, variance, sd, cv, skewness, kurtosis, sem, median, min,
  max, range, 1st & 3rd quartiles, interquartile
  range, quartile deviation, coeff of quartile var, and absolute deviation.
  
measuring for accuracy -- given a set of observed and
  predicted values, this page calculates the sd of errors, mean absolute &
  relative error, and durbin-watson statistic.
  
arithmetic, geometric, and harmonic means -- of up to 80
  values.
  
rweb - extensive tabular and graphical descriptive
  summarization: mean, quartiles, histograms, scatterplot matrices (with
  smoothers), qq plots (normal and pairwise), time series, box plots. (when you
  get to the rweb page, scroll down to the analysis menu and
  select summary.)
  
the data applet provides descriptive statistics, histograms,
  boxplots, and scatterplots
  
a variety of descriptive statistics and a stem and leaf
  display

detect
  outliers -- this calculator performs grubbs' test, also called the esd
  method (extreme studentized deviate), to determine whether one of the values
  in the list you enter is a signficant outlier from the rest. also contains an
  excellent discussion of what to do about outliers.
  
combine subgroups -- calculate the mean and sd of a
  combination of groups from the n, mean and sd of each group.
  
basic descriptive statistics (mean, sum of squares,
  variance, standard deviation, minimum, 25th percentile, median,
  75th percentile, and maximum for up to 500 numbers
  
empirical distribution function -- from up to 42 sets of
  [value, frequency].
  
multinomial distributions -- enter up to 12 values and their
  corresponding probabilities, and this page will calculate expected value,
  variance, standard deviation, & coefficient of variation
  
paired data sets statistics -- enter up to 28 sample paired
  data sets, and this page will calculate means, variances, and covariance 

  
histogram -- enter up to 80 numbers, and this page will
  display a histogram. 
  
histogram from a set of numbers, lets you dynamically alter
  the interval width and see the effect immediately
  
determination and removal of outliers -- given a set of
  numbers, this page iteratively isolates potential outliers for removal.
  
statsjournal -- is a free resource for anyone
  who needs basic statistics tools.
  



confidence intervals, single-population
tests, measurement errors... [return to
table of contents] 

confidence intervals...





    
exact c.i.'s for binomial (observed
    proportion) and poisson (observed count). (also available as an excel spreadsheet, and as an excel add-in.)
    
exact and "modified wald" c.i.'s for observed proportion or
    count, with a good explanation
    
bayesian "credible" intervals around an observed
    proportion. somewhat comparable to the "classic" confidence intervals,
    but tend to be slightly  narrower.
    
95% or
    99% c.i. for proportions for any specified sample size and population
    size

confidence interval around an observed sample sd, assuming
    the data are sampled from a normal distribution
    
percentage: estimation & testing -- calculates exact
    binomial confidence intervals and tests of hypothesis for population
    proportion, from infinite or finite populations. 


tolerance intervals...





    
tolerance intervals for the normal
    distribution. (don't confuse tolerance intervals with
    confidence intervals!) a tolerance interval for a measured
    quantity is the interval in which there is a specified likelihood that a
    specified fraction of the population's values lie. this page will
    calculate 1-sided and 2-sided tolerance intervals for any specified
    population fraction, and for any specified level of confidence, from the
    mean and standard deviation of a finite sample, under the assumption that
    the population is normally distributed. these calculations are also
    available in a downloadable excel spreadsheet: tolintvl.xls . 


single-population tests...





    
sign and binomial test -- test an observed proportion
    against a proposed population proportion
    
mean, sd, confidence interval, etc. for a set of values

an excellent one-sample student t test page -- enter or
    paste raw data, or enter mean, sd or sem, and n
    
one-sample student t test for mean vs. a specified value
    -- for up to 80 observations, and a postulated population mean.
    
another student t-test of a single mean (vs specified value)
    from n, mean, sd

test for asymmetry around zero -- enter a set of numbers
    (usually a mix of positive and negative numbers), and the program will apply
    a non-parametric test (originally created by r. a. fisher) of whether the
    numbers are consistent with a population frequency distribution that is
    symmetrical around zero (but does not necessarily have to be normal). it is
    a frequentist test to work darwin's experiment with matched pairs, and
    experiments like it.
    
test for the
    mean being greater than some specified value. this unusual test is
    bayesian and frequentist at the same time. the null hypothesis
    asserts some value for the mean of a population of positive numbers; the
    alternative hypothesis says the mean is higher than that. this test gives a
    bayesian likelihood ratio that is also an upper bound on the p-value of the
    frequentist test.
    
test observed vs. expected rates of occurrence of events,
    based on poisson distribution; also includes confidence intervals and
    analysis of rate-ratios (such as standardized mortality ratio, morbidity
    ratio, and comparative mortality figure)
    
similar to above, but used to study the distribution of
    accidents and events at the individual level

exact confidence intervals around a rate-ratio, using
    liddell's method (also contains a number of common approximations, for
    comparison)
    
test observed vs expected proportions, based on the
    binomial distribution
    
binomial test -- whether the number of "successes" differ
    from what was expected based on the number of trials and the probability of
    success.
    
similar to above, but deals with the probability of a
    particular sample size, given an observed 'x' number positive (or white, or
    car crashes) vs. an expected 'u' proportion positive

compatibility of multi-counts -- tests whether up to 14
    observed event counts (each over the same amount of time) are consistent
    with a single expected event rate.
    
runs test for randomness -- enter up to 80 numbers, and
    this page will calculate a runs test to see if the numbers form a random
    sequence
    
testing the variance -- of up to 80 observations against a
    postulated population variance.
    
analyze observed proportions in samples from finite
    populations, based on the hypergeometric distribution
    
test for normality -- enter up to 80 numbers, and this
    page will test for normality based on the jarque-bera statistic
    
test for homogeneity of a population -- enter form 25 to
    84 values; page provides information to test whether histogram is unimodal.
    
shapiro-wilk test for normality -- enter numbers into
    page, or read them from a text file. performs normality test, also shows a
    histogram of the data. for a description of the test, along with the
    formulas and programming, click here.
    
test for normality -- enter up to 42 sets of [value,
    frequency]; page will calculate skewness, kurtosis, and liliefors test for
    consistency with a normal distribution.
    
test for uniform distribution -- enter up to 42 sets of
    [value, frequency]; page will calculate the kolmogorov-smirnov test for
    consistency with a uniform distribution.
    
testing poisson process -- enter up to 14 sets of [value,
    frequency]; page will calculate a chi square test for consistency with a
    poisson distribution.
    
lilliefors test for exponential distribution -- tests
    whether a set of observed values are consistent with an exponential
    distribution. 


chi-square "goodness of fit" test for observed vs expected
  counts (not from contingency tables)...





    
chi square test -- takes observed values, and expected
    values that can be specified as expected occurrences, or percentages or
    fractions of the total. data can be typed in or copied and pasted.
    
chi-square test

chi-square test

goodness-of-fit for discrete variables -- chi square test
    for up to 14 sets of [observed, expected] frequencies. 


measurement errors and error propagation...





    
calculate how the standard error
    of one or two variables propagates through any function of those
    variables

compute confidence intervals of a sum, difference, quotient or
    product of two means, assuming both groups follow a gaussian
    distribution. 




sample comparisons: t-tests, anovas,
non-parametric comparisons... [return to
table of contents] 

student t-test (for comparing two samples)...





    
a very
    general student t-test web page -- paired or unpaired, equal- or
    unequal-variance, from individual observations (which can be key-entered or
    copy/pasted) or summary data (n, mean, sd or sem). includes explanations and
    advice on carrying out this type of test.
    
a very polished calculator for two-group student t test, with graphical display of means
    and confidence intervals, and an interpretation of the results. can take
    individual values or summary statistics (n, mean, sd) for each group.
    
t-test, paired or unpaired

t-test, paired or unpaired

t-test, paired

paired student t test -- enter data into the page, or read
    it from a text file. this page also produces histograms of the data
    (each group, and paired differences). for a detailed description of the
    test, with formulas and examples, click here.
    
paired student t test -- on up to 42 pairs of values,
    along with a postulated population mean difference.
    
testing two populations -- unpaired student t test for up
    to 80 observations in each sample. also accepts a postulated difference
    between the two population means, which can be different from 0.
    
unpaired t-test from summary data (n, mean, sd)

very general t-test program for comparing measured quantities,
    observed counts, and proportions between two unpaired samples; also
    produces risk ratio, odds ratio, number needed to treat, and population
    analysis.
    



anova (analysis of variance) -- comparison of two
  or more samples ...





    
one-way and factorial anova for uncorrelated
    samples (extension of unpaired student t-test to more than 2
    groups)...





        
one-way anova, with graphical output

anova: testing the means -- one-way anova for three
      groups, each containing up to 40 subjects.
      
one-way anova from summary data
      (n, mean and sd or sem) -- now also does tukey hsd post-hoc test!
      
one-way anova from summary data
    (n, mean and sd or sem) -- as above but allows
        
copy/paste data
evaluate more than 10 groups
includes tukey-kramers post-hoc test


another 1-way anova from summary data

one-way anova -- also produces a post-hoc analysis
      (which groups are different from which others), and a scatterplot of all
      groups. for a description of the anova, click here.
      
two-way anova test -- for blocked designs of up to 4
      groups by 6 treatments.
      
two-way anova with replications -- for blocked designs
      of up to 4 groups by 6 treatments, with up to 4 replications.
      
two-way anova -- enter data into the web page, or read
      it from a text file. for an explanation, click here.
      
two-way factorial anova for 2 rows by 2 columns, from
      summary data (n, mean, sd)

anova for condensed data sets -- enter up to 10 sets of
      (n, mean, sd); page calculates a one-way anova.
      
very general n-way factorial anova, with interactions,
      means table, interaction plots, bonferroni post-hoc multiple comparisons,
      and confidence intervals. (when you get to the rweb page, scroll
      down to the analysis menu and select anova.) 


repeated-measures anova for correlated samples
    (extension of paired student t-test to more than 2 matched
    measurements)...





        
anova for repeated-measures or matched measurements --
      enter three sets of matched measurements (up to 40 points each); page
      calculates a repeated-measures anova. 


bartlett's test for equality of multi-variances -- for up
    to 14 sets of [n, variance].
    
bartlett's test for equality/homogeneity of variances for
    three or more groups. also produces a scatter plot of all the groups. for a
    description of the test, along with the formulas and programming, click here.
    
post-hoc tests -- after doing a two-way (or other) anova,
    post -hoc tests (also called post tests) compare individual pairs of groups.
    this calculator does not perform the anova calculations, but takes the
    output from an anova (residual means square error, degrees of freedom)
    performs a post-hoc test between any pairs of cells that you select (using
    cell means and n's), at whatever alpha you specify.
    
tukey lsd (least significant difference), using the
    standard table produced by an anova
    
scheffe least significant difference, using data from a
    standard anova table and the n's for the two groups being compared 


non-parametric tests (use these when the data is
  not normally distributed)...





    
sign test for matched pairs

median test for unmatched pairs

wilcoxon signed-ranks test for matched pairs -- a
    non-parametric substitute for the paired student t test when the data
    is not normally distributed. this page also produces histograms of the data
    (each group, and paired differences). for a detailed description of the
    test, with formulas and examples, click here.
    
another wilcoxon signed-ranks test for matched pairs --
    this page takes summarized, tabulated data: how many cases had differences
    of +1, +2, +3, etc., and -1, -2, -3, etc.
    
comparing two random variables -- by the mann-whitney u
    test, with up to 80 observations per sample.
    
mann-whitney u test -- a non-parametric substitute for the
    unpaired student t test when the data is not normally distributed. this page
    also produces a dot-plot and a histogram of the data for each group. for a
    detailed description of the test, with formulas and examples, click here.
    
k-s test for equality of two populations -- given two sets
    of frequencies (using the same grouping intervals), this page calculates the
    kolmogorov-smirnov test.
    
two-sample kolmogorov-smirnov test -- enter numbers into
    the web page, or read them in from text files. also graphs the cumulative
    distribution of the two samples.
    
wilcoxon sum-of-ranks (mann-whitney) test for comparing two
    unmatched samples

kruskal-wallis test (non-parametric anova) for 2 or more
    groups of unpaired data -- this page requires that you first
    cross-tabulate your data into a matrix, with a row for every group and a
    column for every different numeric value that any subject had; the cell of
    the matrix tell how many subjects (if any) in that group had exactly that
    numeric value.
    
kruskal-wallis test -- this page also produces a
    scatterplot of ranks for all groups.
    
least significant difference between mean ranks (post-hoc
    test after a significant kruskal-wallis test)
    
friedman test for comparing rankings (non-parametric)
    
two-group ordinal comparisons to assess how probable it is
    that the two groups come from a single ordering, using wald-wolfowitz,
    randomness test, mann-whitney, and kolmogorov-smirnov
    
two-group paired comparisons, using t-test, wilcoxon,
    signs test, and mcnemar test
    
mcnemar's test for the paired comparison of proportions (or
    for matched pairs of labels) 


comparison of proportions between two groups...





    
comparison of binomial proportions

comparison of two proportions between two groups (each
    given as # successes / # of trials). shows confidence intervals, and
    interprets the results of the comparison.
    
paired preferences test -- enter the sample size, and the
    two percentages (preferring a and preferring b), and this program will
    calculate the t score and significance level. this page is based on a normal
    approximation to the binomial distribution, and should not be used if the
    sample size is less than 30. 


comparison of event rates between two groups...





    
a very polished calculator for comparing two event rates (number of events in a certain
    amount of time). shows confidence intervals around each event rate, and
    interprets the significance of the difference between the rates of the two
    groups.



sequential analysis -- each subject's data (usually
  paired comparisons) is tested as it becomes available, and a decision is made
  to accept or to reject the null hypothesis or to keep testing.





    
by paired preferences -- each pair of observations is
    compared and rated qualitatively as "preferring a" or "preferring b"
    
by paired differences -- each pair of numbers is
    subtracted to obtain a difference 




contingency tables, cross-tabs, chi-square
tests... [return to table of
contents] 

chi-square tests...





    
quick chi-square -- manual entry (tab or comma delimited) or copy/paste excel data directly.
    calculates expected cell values, chi-square and p-value for any 2d contingency table.
    
2-by-2 table analysis
    (chi-square, fisher exact test, sensitivity, odds ratio, relative risk,
    difference in proportions, number needed to treat, etc.) with confidence
    intervals.
    
epimax table calculator -- similar to the above, but with
    a clearer screen layout.
    
for 2-by-2 table, by fisher exact, and by chi square (with
    and without yates' correction), with a good explanation
    
for 2-by-2 table

2-by-2 table analysis (chi square, fisher exact,
    difference in proportions, risk ratio, odds ratio, theta, log-odds ratio,
    poisson test)
    
diagnostic test evaluation -- from a 2x2 cross-tab of
    diagnostic test results (positive or negative) vs. true disease state
    (present or absent), calculates sensitivity, specificity, positive and
    negative likelihood ratios and predictive values, and disease prevalence,
    along with their 95% confidence intervals.
    
for 2-by-n table, where the two rows represent dichotomies
    like lived/died, present/absent, yes/no. this can test for a trend in the
    probability of an event when you have counts of the two categories over a
    set of time intervals.
    
chi-square test for relationship -- for up to a 6-by-6
    cross-tab.
    
for any-size table

another for any-size table

exhaustive analysis of 2-by-2 tables, with pearson
    chi-square, likelyhood ratio chi-square, yates chi-square, mantel haenszel
    chi-square, odds ratio, log odds ratio, yules-q, yules-y, phi-square,
    pearson correlation, and mcnemar test
    
paired proportion test -- for testing whether the
    proportion of subjects having some characteristic is the same in two matched
    groups or in one group before and after some intervention. (also can test
    against a null hypothesis specifying some non-zero difference.)
    
also see the evidence-based-medicine (ebm) calculator in the
    "biostatistical calculators" section of the "other statistical tests and analyses" section of this
    page. 


three-dimensional tables (2x2x2)...





    
three-dimensional 2x2x2 table



fisher exact tests for contingency tables...





    
fisher exact (2x2)
    
fisher exact, with good help discussion
    
fisher exact (2x5)
    
fisher exact (2x2) 


test differences between two observed proportions, based on
  the binomial distribution
  
barnards test (2x2) -- an exact test for 2x2 tables that is
  exact (like the fisher test), but can be more powerful than the fisher test
  (more likely to produce significance). for an explanation, click
  here.
  
contingency table for sequenced categories (ordinal by ordinal, 5-by-5 table or less)
  
contingency table for sequenced categories
  this is a re-implementation of john pezullos original page above, accommodating for 2x2 or more (i.e. n-by-m) contingency tables
  
contingency table for sequenced categories, 5-by-2 table,
  with exact probability calculations
  
spearman's correlation from cross-tabbed data with sequenced row
  and column categories

mcnemar's test to analyze a matched case-control study, with
  a good explanation
  
mcnemar's test for paired contingency tables

mcnemar's test for 2x2 paired tables -- for a background
  explanation, with formulas and examples, click
  here.
  
cochrane's q test -- an extension of the mcnemar test to 2xn
  tables. for an explanation, click
  here.
  
exact
  bayes test for independence in r by c contingency tables -- can also
  handle comparison of observed-vs-expected, and observed-vs-uniform situations.

  
comparison of ratings or rankings by different
  raters...





    
quantify agreement with kappa -- assesses how well two or more observers, or methods, classify object/subjects into groups.
    
friedman test for comparing rankings (ordinal by nominal)

quantify agreement with kappa -- assesses how well two
    observers, or two methods, classify subjects into groups. for up to a
    12-by-12 table.
    
online kappa
    calculator -- calculates free-marginal and fixed-marginal variations of
    birater and multirater kappas (chance-adjusted measures of interrater
    agreement).
    
cohen's kappa for comparing the way two raters scored each
    of a number of items, using case-by-case data entry
    
another cohen's kappa, using already-tabulated data
    
kappa for nominal data as concordance between multiple
    raters -- each of several raters puts each of several entities into one
    of several categories
    
intraclass correlation for concordance between multiple
    raters, using a data matrix that tells how each rater scored each case
    


chi-square test for equality of distributions

chi-square "goodness of fit" test for observed vs expected
  counts (not from contingency tables)...





    
chi square test -- takes observed values, and expected
    values that can be specified as expected occurrences, or percentages or
    fractions of the total. data can be typed in or copied and pasted.
    
chi-square test

chi-square test





regression, correlation, least squares
curve-fitting, non-parametric correlation... [return to table of contents] 

straight lines and correlation coefficients... 

least squares regression. (nice interface)
    
linear
    regression to data copy/pasted from a spreadsheet or tabular file.
    
linear regression -- enter x and y into the web page, or
    read them in from a text file. produces regression coefficients, coefficient
    of determination, and other quantities, along with a graph of the observed
    data points and fitted line. for a description of the concepts of linear
    regression, click here.
    
several variations on 2-parameter linear regression (logarithmic
    regression, exponential regression, and power regression)
    
simple linear regression -- for up to 84 points, with
    extensive output and residual analysis.
    
the data applet provides descriptive statistics,
    histograms, boxplots, and scatterplots
    
scatter diagram and test for outliers -- for up to 84
    points.
    
bivariate sampling statistics -- calculates means,
    variances, and covariance for up to 42 [x,y] measurements.
    
webstat (an integrated (java)
    applet) can perform simple regression analysis 


correlation tests...





    
spearman's rank correlation (non-parametric)...





        
spearman

spearman's correlation from cross-tabbed data with sequenced
      row and column categories 


calculate pearson, spearman or kendall correlation coefficient from a n × m 2d data matrix.
    
write, copy/paste (excel or other spreadsheet) or load data from a csv file.
first row may include column names. specify which columns to test for correlation.
optional specify: confidence level, continuity correction, exact p-value and alternative hypothesis.


correlation test

pearson correlation coefficient -- also produces a
    scatterplot of the data. for a description of correlation coefficients,
    click here.
    
spearman rank correlation coefficient -- a non-parametric
    substitute for the pearson correlation coefficient. this page also produces
    a scatterplot of the data. for a description of correlation coefficients,
    click here.
    
significance level corresponding to a correlation
    coefficient

testing the correlation coefficient -- enter up to 42 r
    values, along with a postulated population r value.
    
minimum significant correlation coefficient for a given sample
    size

comparison of two correlation coefficients

comparison of two or more correlation coefficients

comparison of two sets of (x,y) data to see if they are
    consistent with the same straight line (tests whether the slopes are
    different, and whether the lines are vertically distinct)
    
comparing two linear regressions -- enter two sets of
    [x,y] values; page calculates two straight lines, then compares slopes and
    intercepts.
    
test for several correlation coefficients -- enter up to
    14 sets of [n, r]; page will test whether all r's are consistent with a
    single population r value.
    
biserial correlation coefficient from summary data (n,
    mean, sd) of the x and y variables
    
lin's "concordance correlation coefficient"  -- first
    proposed by lin (1989) for assessment of concordance in continuous data. a
    breakthrough in assessing agreement between alternative methods for
    continuous data. seems to avoid the shortcomings of correlation coefficient
    r, paired t-tests, least squares analysis for slope and intercept,
    coefficient of variation, intraclass correlation coefficient.. it is robust
    on as few as 10 pairs of data.
    
manipulation of a correlation matrix -- you enter the
    n-by-n correlation matrix, the page computes all partial correlation
    coefficients, all standardized partial regression coefficients, and the
    multiple correlation coefficient for each variable.
    
a versatile page for calculating the significance of a
    correlation (rho<>0), significance of the difference between two
    correlations, power and sample size requirements for correlations testing,
    and the inter-relationships between three partial correlation
    coefficients. 


beyond simple 2-parameter curve-fitting...





    
very general nonlinear least-squares
    curve fitter -- almost any function you can write-- up to 8 nonlinear
    parameters, up to 10 independent variables.
    
performs nonlinear least-square regression as above but will handle more than 8 parameters
    and includes plotting option.
    
mycurvefit.com -- an
    easy-to-use curve-fitting page.  offers 13 pre-defined functions (no
    initial guesses required), along with the ability to fit a general
    non-linear function you provide (along with initial guesses). displays the
    results graphically, along with the formula of the fitted curve.
    several  types of unequal data-point weighting are provided. lets you
    generate predicted values (interpolated and extrapolated) from the fitted
    curve. lets you save results in excel and pdf formats.
    
zunzun non-linear
    least-squares curve-fitter -- with an enormous list of pre-defined 2-d
    and 3-d functions, and extensive graphical and statistical output.
    
another non-linear least-squares curve fitter -- with
    graphical output! choose one of 15 pre-defined nonlinear functions of one
    variable and up to three parameters.
    
3-d
    regression and interactive graph (by miabella llc) -- a powerful
    web page that fits a linear function of two predictor variables (z = a + b*x
    + c*y), and displays a very elegant
    3-d scatterchart of the {x,y,z} points and the fitted plane. you can rotate
    the graph in three dimensions using the mouse, and you can see the x, y, and
    z values of any point (say, an outlier) by clicking on the point.
    
polynomial
    regression -- fit polynomials of degree 2 through 10.
    
multiple linear
    regression -- fit functions of more than one predictor variable.
    
multiple
    polynomial regression -- fit functions of one or more predictors, each
    expressed as polynomials, up to the order you specify.
    
nonlinear
    regression -- automatically fits over 100 of the most commonly-occurring
    non-linear functions (gaussians, sigmoidals, rationals, sinusoidals, etc.),
    and then ranks them according to goodness-of-fit.
    
compare
    the fit of two models to your data. which model fits better? enter
    goodness-of-fit (ssq, or weighted ssq) and # of data points and # of
    parameters for each model. the calculator will compare the models using
    akaike's method, , then the f test.
    
fit "rational functions" (also called "pade functions") to
    {x,y} data.  a rational function is a fraction whose numerator and
    denominator are both polynomials in x. they can fit a broader range of
    functions than polynomials alone can -- they can fit data where the y value
    "levels off" to a horizontal line for very large or small x, and can fit
    functions that have "singularities" (y shoots to infinity at some value of
    x). this curve-fitter is part of an extensive set of online
    calculators to solve problems in structural engineering (bending and
    buckling of beams and plates, etc.) at the software for structures web site.

    
univariate and multiple regression, with very extensive
    graphical output (histograms, scatterplots, scatterplot matrices) and
    residual analysis (qq, histogram, residuals vs dependent or predictors).
    very intuitive point-and-click interface, dynamically customized for your
    data. (when you get to the rweb page, scroll down to the analysis
    menu and select regression.)
    
multiple linear regression -- up to 16 data points and up
    to 4 independent variables; calculates fitted model, and a large number of
    residual analysis statistics.
    
quadratic regression -- fits a least squares parabola to
    up to 84 data points, and provides extensive residual analysis.
    
multiple regression, if you already have the correlation coefficient
    matrix between all independent and dependent variables...





        


fit any of
    five families of curves (linear, polynomial, exponential, descending
    exponential, gaussian) and draw a graph
    
logistic regression, if the
    dependent variable is restricted to two values (such as whether an event did
    or did not occur)
    
logistic regression -- extends john c pezzullos page (above) to handle power models
    and let you calculate predicted probability for specific covariable patterns.
    
cox proportional hazards survival
    regression analysis

a faster version of cox
    proportional hazards analysis

advanced cox
    proportional hazards regression analysis

advanced cox
    proportional hazards regression analysis - interactive

regression by prevalence -- when you have data on the
    number of occurrences and non-occurrences of something over a set of time
    intervals. tests whether the probability of the occurrence shows a trend
    over time.
    
test bias
    assessment program, computes statistics to help you decide if test
    scores predict a criterion differently across subgroups 


time series analysis...

autoregressive time series -- tools for the
    identification, estimation, and forecasting based on autoregressive order
    obtained from a time series.
    
detecting trend & autocrrelation in time
    series -- given a set of numbers, this page tests for trend by sign
    test, and for autocorrelation by durbin-watson test.
    
plot of a time series -- generates a graph of a time
    series with up to 144 points.
    
seasonal index -- calculates a set of seasonal index
    values from a set of values forming a time series. a related page performs a
    test for seasonality on the index values.
    
forecasting by smoothing -- given a set of numbers forming
    a time series, this page estimates the next number, using moving avg &
    exponential smoothing, weighted moving avg, and double & triple
    exponential smoothing.
    
runs test for random fluctuations -- in a time series.
    
test for stationary time series -- given a set of
    numbers forming a time series, this page calculates the mean & variance
    of the first & second half, and calculates one-lag-apart &
    two-lag-apart autocorrelations. a related page: time series' statistics calculates these statistics, and
    also the overall mean & variance, and the first & second partial
    autocorrelations. 




analysis of survival data...
[return to table of contents] 

kaplan-meier survival plot and logrank test
-- type or copy/paste data, or read it in from a file. prepares 
tables, graphs (with 95% confidence intervals), and statistical
comparison output. can accommodate two or more groups, and can perform
stratified log-rank test. uses the r statistical engine on the shinyapps
server to provide very high-quality output. written by soren merser.
kaplan-meier survival plot -- for one or more groups. draws
  k-m curves with optional confidence bands (ordinary, log, or log-log type, at
  the 50, 80, 90, or 95% conf. level). this is part of  peter rosenmai's eurekastatistics web
  site (a blog about statistics and r).
  
kaplan-meier survival plot and logrank -- calculates
  survival curves (with confidence bands), and performs a logrank test test
  to  comparing survival curves between two groups.
  
life
  table (kaplan-meier) -- enter the number died and censored at each time
  period, and the page calculates the cumulative survival probability and 95%
  confidence intervals. also graphs the survival curve, and exports the data, so
  you can create a better graph using another program.
  
cox proportional hazards survival
  regression analysis -- specify each subject's observation time and status
  (last seen alive or dead), and any number of independent variables
  (predictors, confounders, and other covariates). this web page will perform a
  proportional-hazards regression analysis and return the regression
  coefficients, their standard errors, hazard (risk) ratio, and their confidence
  intervals, and the baseline survivor curve, along with goodness-of-fit
  information. you can also use a faster
  version by ronald brand (leiden university), or an enhanced version by kevin sullivan (emory university) that
  has illustrative examples and explanatory material.
coxreg  -- performs cox proportional hazards regression.
you can copy/paste data from excel, or upload a csv file. produces a
regression table report, survival plot, survival table, log-rank test,
and a predicted survival plot for specified covariable patterns. uses
the r statistical engine on the shinyapps server to provide very
high-quality output. written by soren merser.
compare average survival time between two distributions --
  enter the number of events and the average time to event for each of two
  groups. the calculator will display the confidence interval around each mean
  time, and will compare the two mean times. (assumes an exponential-shaped
  survival curve.) 


bayesian methods... [return to table of contents] 

bayesian credibililty analysis
  -- allows the credibility of a clinical trial finding to be assessed in the
  light of current knowledge. this page takes the odds ratio and its confidence
  interval from a clinical trial, and uses a newly-developed bayesian method to
  calculate a quantity called the critical odds ratio (cor). if odds
  ratios at least as impressive as that indicated by the cor can be
  justified by existing knowledge, then the results of the clinical trial can be
  deemed credible.

etiologic predictive
  value (epv) -- a new statistical method developed for determining the
  probability of symptoms being caused by a bacteriological finding, while
  taking carriers into consideration. to calculate epv, one must know the number
  of positive and negative tests among patients and healthy controls as well as
  the sensitivity of the test. this enables calculating the positive and
  negative epv with a 95% confidence interval.
  
exact
  bayes test for independence in r by c contingency tables -- can also
  handle comparison of observed-vs-expected, and observed-vs-uniform situations.

  
analysis of
  "1-degree of freedom" data -- performs interactive frequentist and
  bayesian conditional tests for counts data having one degree of freedom. that
  is, it does hypergeometric, binomial, poisson, bessel, and related
  distributions (for double dichotomies, sign tests, a special kind of
  structural zero design, etc.).
  
bayes' theorem calculations --
  takes prior probabilities and conditional probabilities, and calculates
  revised probabilities. (great for solving certain kinds of brain teaser
  puzzles)
  
interpret p values -- compute post test probability to take
  into account the context of the experiment, as expressed by the prior
  probability that your hypothesis is true.
  
bayesian calculations for diagnostic tests -- computes
  interrelationships among true pos, true neg, false pos, false neg, prevalence,
  sensitivity, specificity, predictive values, and likelihood ratios (requires javascript).
  
sequential experimental design for testing the probability
  ratios

2-by-2 table analysis (chi-square,
  sensitivity, odds ratio, relative risk, etc. with confidence intervals

wald's sequential probability ratio's -- for designing a
  sequential experiment in which a decision is made after each observation
  either to accept the null hypothesis, accept the alternate hypothesis, or
  acquire more observations. 


other statistical tests and
analyses... [return to table of
contents] 

diagnostic test calculator -- this calculator can determine diagnostic test characteristics
  (sensitivity, specificity, likelihood ratios)
  and/or determine the post-test probability of disease given given the pre-test probability and test characteristics.
  given sample sizes, confidence intervals are also computed.
  
relicheck -- an
  online reliability analysis tool that allows users to check the reliability of
  the scores on their survey. the free option provides reliability score,
  statistical strength of survey, general item analysis, and a statistical
  summary of the survey. pay-for plans also provide an auto-optimizer,
  optimization comparison, manual optimizer, and control of survey analysis.
  
queueing theory calculator -- performs classic calculations
  for single-server or multi-server queues (queue length, waiting time,
  etc.).

interactive cross-validation -- performs the "leave-one-out"
  cross-validation inference for: central tendency, least-squares lines,
  one-dimensional multinomial tables, two-dimensional contingency tables with
  structural zeroes, k-sample problems, and block-and-treatment designs. the web
  page is well-documented, with about a dozen examples worked out and explained.

  
fittestmodel --an
  online forum, on which statistical evidence can be presented that is always
  replicable, testable and extendible at the 'click of a button'. the name
  fittestmodel encompasses both the goal and the means of science, namely
  to find the fittestmodel by fitting, testing and modelling. users may discuss
  statistical evidence online or query for results based on search criteria such
  as dataseries, methods or criteria that measure the 'quality' of results.
  publicly available datasets from various sources may be combined into new
  statistical evidence and statistical techniques will be added on a continuous
  basis, by user request or otherwise.
  
bonferroni adjustment of critical p-values when performing
  multiple comparisons (has an excellent discussion of this topic)
  
multiple comparisons correction (bonferroni adjustment)
  
number
  needed to treat, based on a 2-by-2 table
  
detect outliers -- this calculator performs grubbs' test,
  also called the esd method (extreme studentized deviate), to determine whether
  one of the values in the list you enter is a signficant outlier from the rest.

  
selection bias calculator for prevalence estimates

calculate and plot an roc curve (for grouped predictor data)
  
clustering calculator generates tree structures of data
  clustering, and much more
  
misclassification bias in prevalence studies

predictive value from sensitivity, specificity and
  prevalence, (when analyzing a clinical test), with a nice explanation
  
selection bias in case-control studies

netmul: a browser interface to a program that performs:





    
principal coordinate analysis (pco)
    
co-inertia analysis
    
discriminant analysis and within- or between-class analyses
    
analyses on distance matrices or neighboring graphs. 


simultaneous equations and matrix inversion -- up to 10
  equations (or 10x10 matrix).
  
linear optimization with tools for sensitivity regions --
  this page finds the optimal solution, and does a post-optimality analysis of
  small-size linear programming problems (constrained optimization). 


specialized and discipline-specific
tests and analyses... [return to table of
contents] 

martindale's reference desk -  calculators on-line -
  statistics (the grand-daddy of all compendia of calculating web pages)
  
biostatistical calculators:

evidence-based medicine (ebm) calculator -- from warren
    goff's interestingly-named web
    site. analyzes one or more fourfold (2x2) tables; calculates chi square,
    cer, eer, and rr, and parameters related to treatment (rrr, arr, nnt, nnh,
    with 95% confidence intervals), diagnosis (sensitivity, specificity, ppv,
    npv, prevalence, lr+, lr-, or, pre-odds, post-prob), and harm (rr, or nnh).
    can also compare two different tables.
    
diagnostic test evaluation -- from a 2x2 cross-tab of
    diagnostic test results (positive or negative) vs. true disease state
    (present or absent), calculates sensitivity, specificity, positive and
    negative likelihood ratios and predictive values, and disease prevalence,
    along with their 95% confidence intervals.
    
risk reduction calculator
  -- given information about the probability of an outcome under control and experimental treatments,
     this calculator produces measures of risk increase/decrease and number needed to treat or harm, including confidence intervals.
     if some patients were lost to follow-up, the calculator provides estimates for several different scenarios.
    
compute
    ecanything from ec50 (assuming a
    standard "hill-type" dose-response relationship). very useful in
    dose-response studies.
    
thorough analysis of 2-by-2 table relevant to predictions and
    diagnostic tests -- sensitivity, specificity, prevalence, diagnostic
    accuracy, ppv, post-test probabilities, likelihood ratio tests
    
calculation of posttest probability from likelihood ratio and
    pretest probability

conversion of sensitivity and specificity to likelihood
    ratios

calculator to predict the probability of a successful outcome
    to lumbar disc surgery (based on a logistic model)
    
lods - logistic organ dysfunction
    system calculator

scoring
    systems for icu and surgical patients -- online calculation of scores
    used in general or specialized intensive care or anesthesia, including:





        
adult, general scores: saps ii,
      apache
      ii, sofa, mods , odin, mpm (on
      admission , 24 hrs, 48 hrs ,
      mpm over
      time) , mpm ii (on
      admission, 24-48-72 hrs) , lods, and
      trios

adult, specialized and surgical intensive care - preoperative
      evaluation: euroscore, ontario,
      parsonnet, system
      97, qmmi, mpm,
      possum, and portsmouth
      possum

adult, trauma scores: iss/rts/triss, and 24 h -
      icu trauma score

adult, therapeutic intervention, nursing icu scores: tiss

pediatric, general scores: prism, dora, pelod, and pim

pediatric, specialized (neonatal, surgical): crib, snap, snap-pe, snap ii
      / snappe ii

pediatric, trauma scores: pediatric trauma score 


some calculators for medical purposes



item analysis --
  for multiple choice questionnaires
  
statistical quality
  control (sqc) online -- online calculators and tutorials to perform sqc annd statistical
  process control (spc). contains:

online versions of
  military & civilian standard tables: ms-105e / ansi/asqc z1.4, iso 2859
  (sampling plans for attribute data), ms-414 / ansi/asqc z1.9 (sampling plans
  for measurement data, and ms-1235c (sampling inspection plans for
  continuous production, procedure csp-1).
  
online calculators for process capability index (cp), mtbf calculator for
  a system given the part (component) failure rate, and control charts and runs
  rules (switching rules for ms-105e, continuous sampling csp-1, western
  electric rules, and system reliability for consecutive-type systems)
  


queuing theory
  calculator -- a remarkably powerful web calculator that can solve a wide
  variety of queueing problems: single-server, multiple-server, infinite-server,
  infinite or finite waiting room, erlang loss model, and machine interference
  model (with or without spare machines). provides detailed output in the form
  of averages, standard deviations, and frequency distributions in the form of
  tables and graphs.
  
structural engineering calculators, from buildingsguide.com --
  currently includes asce 7-05 code calculators for snow loading analysis, ice loading analysis for wt, mt & st shapes, for w, m, s & hp shapes, and for c & mc shapes; seismic base shear for single-level buildings, and wind loading analysis for low-rise buildings.
  
decision making in economics and finance:

abc inventory classification -- an analysis of a range of
  items, such as finished products or customers into three "importance"
  categories: a, b, and c as a basis for a control scheme. this pageconstructs
  an empirical cumulative distribution function (ecdf) as a measuring tool and
  decision procedure for the abc inventory classification.
  
inventory control models -- given the costs of holding
  stock, placing an order, and running short of stock, this page optimizes
  decision parameters (order point, order quantity, etc.) using four models:
  classical, shortages permitted , production & consumption, production
  & consumption with shortages.
  
optimal age for replacement -- given yearly figures for
  resale value and running costs, this page calculates the replacement optimal
  age and average cost.
  
single-period inventory analysis -- computes the optimal
  inventory level over a single cycle, from up-to-28 pairs of (number of
  possible item to sell, and their associated non-zero probabilities), together
  with the "not sold unit batch cost", and the "net profit of a batch sold".
  
investment derivative
  calculations -- a very elaborate online calculator and real-time data
  retrieval system. includes economic regression analysis.
  
black-scholes calculator -- to place a value on stock
  options.
  


bardahl calculator -- to compute the reasonable working
  capital needs of a corporation.
  
probabilistic modeling:

bayes' revised probability -- computes the posterior
    probabilities to "sharpen" your uncertainties by incorporating an expert
    judgement's reliability matrix with your prior probability vector. can
    accommodate up to nine states of nature.
    
decision making under uncertainty -- enter up-to-6x6
    payoff matrix of decision alternatives (choices) by states of nature,
    along with a coefficient of optimism; the page will calculate action &
    payoff for pessimism, optimism, middle-of-the-road, minimize regret, and
    insufficient reason.
    
determination of utility function -- takes two monetary
    values and their known utility, and calculates the utility of another
    amount, under two different strategies: certain & uncertain.
    
making risky decisions -- enter up-to-6x6 payoff matrix of
    decision alternatives (choices) by states of nature, along with subjective
    estimates of occurrence probability for each states of nature; the page will
    calculate action & payoff (expected, and for most likely event), min
    expected regret , return of perfect information, value of perfect
    information, and efficiency.
    
multinomial distributions -- for up to 36 probabilities
    and associated outcomes, calculates expected value, variance, sd, and cv.
    
revising the mean and the variance -- to combine
    subjectivity and evidence-based estimates. takes up to 14 pairs of means and
    variances; calculates combined estimates of mean, variance, and cv.
    
subjective assessment of estimates -- (relative
    precision as a measuring tool for inaccuracy assessment among estimates),
    tests the claim that at least one estimate is away from the parameter by
    more than r times (i.e., a relative precision), where r is a subjective
    positive number less than one. takes up-to-10 sample estimates, and a
    subjective relative precision (r<1); the page indicates whether at least
    one measurement is unacceptable.
    
subjectivity in hypothesis testing -- takes the
    profit/loss measure of various correct or incorrect conclusions regarding
    the hypothesis, along with probabilities of type i and ii errors (alpha
    & beta), total sampling cost, and subjective estimate of probability
    that null hypothesis is true; returns the expected net profit.
      




power, sample size and experimental design
calculations... [return to table of
contents] 
check out the powerandsamplesize.com web site, which contains (at last
count) 19 interactive calculators for power or  required sample size for
many different types of statistical tests: testing 1 mean, comparing 2 or more
means, testing 1 proportion, comparing 2 or more proportions, testing odds
ratios, and two 1-sample tests (normal and binomial-based). this site also
provides calculators for non-inferiority and equivalence studies. the web pages
display graphs that dynamically show how power varies with various design
parameters as you change other parameters.
also, look at the very general and elegant power/sample-size calculator by russel lenth (u of iowa). it
handles tests of means (one or two samples), tests of proportions (one or two
samples), linear regression, generic chi-square and poisson tests, and an
amazing variety of anovas -- 1-, 2-, and 3-way; randomized complete-block; latin
and greco-latin squares; 1-stage, 2-stage, and factorial nested designs;
crossover; split-plot; strip-plot; and more! this calculator is implemented in
java, and can be run as a web page, or can be downloaded to your computer to run offline as a stand-alone
application. 
here's a collection of online power calculator web pages for specific kinds
of tests: 

for one-group tests (comparing the sample to a specified
  value) or for paired two-group tests...

required sample size or power for testing one mean for equality, or non-inferiority or superiority, or equivalence.
    
required sample size or power for a one-sample normal-based test of a mean.
    
required sample size or the statistical power when comparing the mean of a sample to a
    specific value.
    
power/sample-size for one-sample or paired t test --
    select the one-sample t test (or paired t) option, then click the
    run selection button.
    
confidence interval around a mean -- select the ci for
    one mean option, then click the run selection button.
    
comparing a mean to a specified value

required sample size or power for a one-sample binomial test of a proportion.
    
required sample size or power for testing one proportion for equality, or non-inferiority or superiority, or equivalence.
    
comparing a proportion to a specified value

comparing a proportion to a specified value

power/sample size to compare a proportion to a specific value
    -- select the test of one proportion option, then click the
    run selection button.
    
sample-size for conf interval around a proportion --
    select the ci for one proportion option, then click the run
    selection button.
    
sample size and 95% confidence interval for a variable,
    knowing the population standard deviation 


for designing surveys (sample size and confidence
  intervals for proportions, based on sample size, with or without corrections
  for finite populations:

calculates sample size for given population size,
    confidence interval (margin of error), confidence level, and population
    proportion. also displays margin of error for three other specified sample
    sizes (your choice), and sample sizes for three other specified confidence
    levels.
    
find the required sample size or statistical power for comparing an observed proportion
    with a specific value
    
find the sampling error in an observed proportion
    
calculate sample size required for a given confidence
    interval, or confidence interval for a given sample size. can handle
    finite populations. downloadable program also available.
    
another
    sample-size / confidence interval calculator for proportions in finite
    samples

sample size or confidence interval of a proportion



for two-group tests...

comparing means for two independent samples...





        

    required sample size or power for testing two means for equality,
    or non-inferiority or superiority
    or equivalence.
    

    required sample size, or the 
    statistical power when comparing the means of two samples (can have different standard deviations)
    

    javascript based  forms for simple power/sample size calculations.


      same-size samples; equal or unequal variances


    power/sample-size for equal-variance or unequal-variance t-tests -- select the two-sample t test (pooled or satterthwaite)option, then click the run selection button.
    
a graphical interactive power/sample-size calculator for
     equal-variance two-group test. a short tutorial here.
    
sample size for parallel-group equivalence
      and superiority trials, with continuous outcome variables.
    


difference between two proportions (as, for example, by a chi square
    test on a 2-by-2 cross-tab)...





        
required sample size or power for testing two proportions for equality, or non-inferiority or superiority, or equivalence.
      
equal sample sizes (easy to use; with a good
      explanation)
      
equal sample sizes -- easy to use, with graphical
      display
      
equal- or unequal-size
      samples

find the required sample size or statistical power for comparing two observed proportions

      
power/sample-size for comparing two proportions --
      select the test comparing two proportions option, then click the
      run selection button.
      
sample size for parallel-group equivalence and superiority trials, with binary outcome variables.
      
test an odds ratio (from a 2x2 table) for equality, or non-inferiority or superiority, or equivalence. 




for anovas and other multi-group comparisons...

sample size needed for comparison of 2 or more groups,
    knowing the sd's with a group, and the expected difference between groups
    
required sample size or power for comparing n groups, two at a
    time, by a 1-way anova.
    
sample size computation for multiple comparisons -- said
    to be more "realistic" than ordinary anova sample size calculations
    (explained on the web page)
    
very general power calculator -- select the balanced
    anova (any model) option, then click the run selection button.
    
simplified power analysis for multi-way anova designs

power/sample-size for chi-square tests of tables larger than
    2x2 -- select the generic chi-square test option, then click
    the run selection button.
    
required sample size or power for compairing n proportions, two at
    a time, by a 1-way anova. 


for regressions and correlation tests... 

a versatile page for calculating the significance of a
    correlation (rho<>0), significance of the difference between two
    correlations, power and sample size requirements for correlations testing,
    and the inter-relationships between three partial correlation coefficients
    
sample-size for multiple regression -- will tell you the
    minimum required sample size for your study, given the alpha level, the
    number of predictors, the anticipated effect size (as f2), and
    the desired statistical power level. if you know the effect size as
    r2, you can calculate f2 from r2 with this
    calculator.
    
power/sample-size for simple or multiple linear regression
    -- select the linear regression option, then click the run
    selection button.
    
beta level  for multiple regression (i.e., the type
    ii error rate, which is 1 minuspower), given the observed alpha level, the
    number of predictors, the observed r2, and the sample size.
    
post-hoc power for multiple regression -- calculates the
    observed power for your study, given the observed alpha level, the number of
    predictors, the observed r2, and the sample size.
    
power calculations for logistic regression with binary exposure- and covariables.
      


other power calculations...

sample size
    calculator for pilot or safety studies where the goal is to detect
    the occurrence of one or more events that might indicate possible
    problems in study design (ambiguous inclusion criteria, misinterpretation of
    questionnaire items) or product safety (occurrence of serious adverse
    events, abnormal lab tests, or other safety markers). enter the prevalence
    rate you want to be able to detect (like one in a hundred), and the
    probabibility you want to have of seeing at least one such event in your
    sample (like 95% probability), and the page will tell you how many subjects
    you need in the study.
    
 online sample size calculator for pilot studies.
    
sample size determination -- for several situations: anova
    and 2-population economic sampling, correlation with acceptable absolute
    precision, estimating the mean or proportion with acceptable absolute or
    relative precision, estimating the mean or proportion from finite
    populations, and testing the mean or proportion based on the null and an
    alternative.
    
power calculations for clinical trials and scientific
    experiments -- this page contains a table for selecting appropriate
    calculator, based on the type of study (parallel, crossover, or test of
    association) and the type of outcome measurement (success/failure,
    time-to-event, or a numerical quantity).
    
survival analysis -- computes power, sample size, or
    detectable-effect size in a two group design with a survival outcome.
    
generic poisson test -- select the generic poisson test
    option, then click the run selection button.
    
exact power for the fisher exact test

find sample size, power and minimal detectable difference for a:





        
study on the effect of one variable on another (linear
      regression)
      
cross-over study were the outcome is a measurement
      (paired t-test or non-parametric equivalent)
      
parallel trial where the outcome is a measurement
      (unpaired t-test or non-parametric equivalent) 




links to printable copies (in adobe acrobat pdf format) of
  many power tables including: z test, t-test for one sample or two related samples, t-test for two independent samples, analysis of variance, correlation coefficient, and required sample size for various tests

wald's sequential probability ratio's -- for designing a
  sequential experiment in which a decision is made after each observation
  either to accept the null hypothesis, accept the alternate hypothesis, or
  acquire more observations.
  
experimental design...

webdoe(tm)
    -- for "design of experiments". searches for i-, d- and a-optimal designs
    over continuous spaces. factors may be continuous, fixed-level, or
    qualitative. the site can handle inequality and equality (e.g., mixture)
    constraints; provides color plots; performs one-click,
    run-order-randomization; allows design import/export interoperable with most
    3rd-party analysis software; provides ols and blup fits; and includes an
    extensive classical design library(tm), including factorial,
    fractional-factorial, box-behnken, central-composite, plackett-burman,
    orthogonal array, and uniform designs. all designs may be evaluated under
    the i-, d-, and a-, and s-optimality criteria, as well as for the maximum
    distance between nearest-neighbor pairs of design points (maximin
    criterion). the my webdoe(tm) feature allows users to store their designs,
    evaluations, and fits on-line. there is no need for user-provided
    candidatepoints.
    
design and analysis
    of comparative experiments website by horticulture research
    international -- provides facilities for the design and analysis of of
    comparative experiments for biological and agicultural research based on a
    range of experimental block and treatment structures. constructs simple
    experimental designs interactively and also constructs appropriate
    statistical software for the analysis of the designs. handles randomised
    block, split-plot, latin and incomplete latin square, trojan and incomplete
    trojan square designs.
    
tables of latin squares for
    constructing "williams design" experiments, in which every subject receives
    every treatment. these designs are balanced for first-order carry-over
    (residual effects). tables are provided for experiments ranging from 2 to 26
    treatments. tables can also be downloaded as a text file and as an excel spreadsheet.
    

    more latin squares 

sample-size calculations for parallel-group
    equivalence and superiority trials with continuous or binary outcome
    variables.
    
edgar -- generates experimental designs and randomizes the
    position of experimental treatments in the design, so that the subsequent
    analysis of the data is comparatively straightforward
    
type i & ii error criteria. [see simon, controlled clin trials,
    10:1-10,1989]
    





please send all suggestions for new pages, notifications for dead links, and other requests in an e-mail to statpages.org@gmail.com



