




 

















home - the wiklém group of companies






































































home
about

who we are
services
awards, press & associations
testimonials
behind the scenes with anita wiklém
privacy


companies

wiklém design inc.
wiklém design+build inc.
wiklém atelier & gallery


portfolio

condominium
new build
residential
creative mix


contact
the winner is…
 



facebook




twitter




linkedin




instagram






















design driven


creative meets function


lasting results


timeless value


distinctive environments


trusted solutions








 




new build




 




residential




 




condominium



 







 client testimonials




																	this letter is to express my thanks and gratitude to wiklém design for their work carried out at landmark ii 7825 bayview. their ability to use or reuse older items in the building with their newer designs really blended uniquely the two worlds. it was a pleasure working directly with anita and staff and we look forward to future contracts continue reading... 																
								
lynn s., gpm property management inc. senior property manager 



																	happy?  understatement!! we are thrilled with the new look and so grateful that the installers worked through this lockdown time. many positive comments from our owners as well.... 																
								
agnes a., board member 



																	i have known the principal, ms. anita wiklém for almost 20 years and i have had the pleasure of working with anita and her team on behalf of our clients on several occasions. i’m pleased to be able to say that i always found that anita and her team provided our clients with capable and conscientious design services. they worked continue reading... 																
								
dave a., operations manager, del property management inc. 



																	the committee wants to thank you for the brilliant design that you devised for our building.  real estate agents, visitors and of course, our residents have nothing but good things to say about our new look. the committee truly appreciates all the time and special consideration you gave to us over the months of planning and revision.  not only did continue reading... 																
								
agnes a. & lisanne o., renovation committee members 



																	the lobby and suite corridors work is well received and we — as customers — are very happy with the results and ready to recommend work done.... 																
								
mirko t., goldview property management 



																	the conduct and workmanship of the workers doing our refurbishment project must be commended.  the workmanship appears to be of the highest quality; the workers are always polite to our residents and they always clean up each of the aspect of the project as they work.  i am very pleased so far.... 																
								
a happy condo dweller, barrie, on 



																	i was an owner for a few years at the waldorf towers and was beyond impressed by how the building looks and many owners like me at the agm said it looks like what should have been there in the first place! i have recommended you for corridor refurbishment in my new building.... 																
								
connor r., condo owner, toronto 



																	was just in our living room thinking to myself how good it looks now. you have a real gift, anita. delighted with the results of your giftedness and talents. thanks so much. we’re fortunate to have crossed paths with you!... 																
								
jonathan t., toronto 



																	what i can tell you is that everybody fell in love with anita, her personality and her concept. she managed to bring to the table the perfect design to satisfy the residents with a traditional taste as well as the ones of a more modern  approach. the carpet selected was high quality, forgiving and had a beautiful pattern. anita was continue reading... 																
								
adelina d., crossbridge condominium services 



																	we have completed three lobby/corridor renovation projects with wiklém design inc. in fact, we are now entering the tendering phase for a fourth building. throughout our dealings, we have found anita and her staff to be extremely professional and conscientious.  there are no egos when working with the wiklém team; they work extremely well with all the trades, my staff, continue reading... 																
								
sammy r., vice president, stellen property management 



																	wiklém design inc. has a talented design team that is great to work with. not only is anita an amazing designer, but she has a team with ingenious skills and an eye for detail. wiklém design is very innovative and has fresh ideas that reflect their knowledge to exceed their client’s expectations and goals. anita is a fun person to continue reading... 																
								
alma f., brookfield condominium services ltd., as agents for and on behalf of symphony place, mtcc 945 



																	anita designed the layout to my reception area and resolved issues with patient flow and secretarial overview of the waiting room. it’s also stylish — we love it!... 																
								
laura l., madoc 



																	wiklem design has done it again! my floors in madoc look amazing. only anita wiklem could replace 175 year old floors and make the new ones look even better. thank you!... 																
								
laura l., madoc 



																	it was a pleasure to work with anita and her team. they were professional and responsive to our needs, budget, and concerns. what impressed me most was their attention to detail. we got a fabulous new look which i am certain will maintain the value of our home.... 																
								
linda c., president of the board of directors at mtcc #819 



																	your presentation was exceptional.... 																
								
cooper-gordon limited 



																	thank you for your hard work and dedication to the needs of our clients and for your ongoing assistance.... 																
								
laurie a., brookfield condominium services ltd. 



																	solid presentation. sound advice. we had tremendous confidence in anita, the originality of her designs and in the designs themselves.... 																
								
peel condominium corporation #422, mississauga 



																	we would like to thank wiklém design inc. for the hard work and continuous enthusiasm your team has provided on this project. your ideas for the meeting room as well as the guest rooms in the old estate are terrific. we feel that you have been able to find a wonderful blend of comfort with a modern flair, yet keeping continue reading... 																
								
torcon a.s., duras, france								



																	i’m absolutely pleased to tell anyone that anita is a special and talented individual who listens to her clients.  be prepared to have the results surpass your expectations!... 																
								
judy w., richmond hill								



																	friends have said that my living room looks like a page right out of a magazine!  that sure sounds like a compliment to me!... 																
								
bonnie s.b., london								



prev
next


 







to top to top






 the wiklém group, 1404 danforth avenue, toronto, ontario m4j 1m9  t: 416.934.9161 e: info@thewiklemgroup.com

 






















