






















home - uw help





































☰






✕

search uw help

search





apply now!







home
find your uws
prepare for college
apply to your uw
get ready for your uw
pay for college
my uw journey
get help
counselors
resources
faqs


apply now!













you got this

welcome!
let us be your guide to the universities of wisconsin. we are here to help you find the uw university that’s the right fit for you. explore and compare universities, navigate the application process, and learn about options to pay for college.








find your uws
there’s a uw for everyone. which uws are for you? there are 13 universities of wisconsin with campuses across the state, from welcoming local campuses to internationally recognized research institutions. not only does each university have its own degree offerings, every uw has its own charms, communities, activities, and more.
find your uws






prepare for college
learn how to make the most of your high school years and get yourself ready for college. what you can do to meet your college requirements or get a jump start by earning college credits in high school?
learn more





photo courtesy of uw-green bay


apply to your uws
know where you want to apply? we are here to help you prepare your application. find out what information you’ll need and what you’ll need to write a great essay. and when you’re done, use the universities of wisconsin application to apply online to all your uws, in one sitting, in less than 30 minutes.
get started








get ready for your uw
before you can start classes, there are a few to-dos left to complete: secure campus housing, pay your enrollment deposit, sign up for uw regional placement testing, and attend orientation/registration. get the information you need for all these “post admission” items so you’re ready to go when you arrive on campus.
get ready







pay for college
now is a great time to consider how you’re going to pay for college. get a better understanding of the process and the options available, including scholarships, grants, loans, and work study.
learn more




upcoming eventssee our full calendarwebinaruniversities of wisconsin  application walkthroughfebruary 19, 2025more infowebinardirect admit form demo for studentsfebruary 20, 2025more infouw journeyuw journey  walkthroughfebruary 21, 2025more info 
 




get the app
start my journey



                need to find your perfect uw? there's an app for that. we created uw journey to help you explore and discover which uws are right for you.
            








contact us

8:00a – 4:30p, monday–friday
closed weekends
800.442.6459
contact@go.wisconsin.edu
live chat




other resources
universities of wisconsin admission pathway portal
uw journey
find a program
wisconsin online
veterans portal
campus safety


                copyright © 2025 by university of wisconsin system board of regents. all
                rights
                reserved. | privacy policy | google
                    disclaimer




youtube
twitter
instagram
facebook





            copyright © 2025 by university of wisconsin system board of regents. all
            rights
            reserved. | privacy policy | google
                disclaimer











