









homepage - honest charley speed shop





















































































skip to content












 



honest charleycoker museumtours




































book a tour












shop

























 
shopteamtourscontact us








 















honest charley speed shop



















come explore the coker museum






discover over 130 vintage vehicles, from cars to airplanes, at the coker museum. dive into corky coker's collection and explore a unique piece of automotive history. book your tour today!








book a tour

















 









 









 









 









 






















built by honest charley






from custom restorations to classic speed parts, honest charley has everything you need for your automotive projects. we bring vintage style and expert craftsmanship to your ride.





















wheels


















restoration


















wood grain


















el camino front end










































host your event in vintage style






host your next event surrounded by vintage charm and classic cars at the coker museum!
with over 13,000 square feet of unique space, featuring 100+ vintage cars, motorcycles, and even airplanes, it’s the perfect backdrop for weddings, corporate events, and celebrations of all kinds.
our packages start at $2,500 and can be customized to fit your needs. let’s make your event unforgettable in a setting that blends nostalgia with elegance!








book the venue





























































































































































































































































































 

















our customers love us!









"the absolute greatest people that will help in any way possible to find and get you the greatest speed parts and accessories for any car or any speed project you could possibly be working on!"

bill webb




"they had 50 cars and trucks, 50 motorcycles, and 4 airplanes on display when i visited in june 2019. i love that the museum is attached to the speed shop, where you can see works in progress. they also have a wood shop where they reproduce wooden wheels and other wood items. it was a great experience!"

david gardner




"love the old school atmosphere and cool hot rod merchandise! one on one helpful experienced employees!"

dianna savage




"the guys at honest charley are the bomb. i'll always shop there for my vintage hot-rodding needs."

bert shetler


 









 

























your ultimate destination for vintage cars, restorations, and experiences.









plan a visit






1309 chestnut st
chattanooga, tn 37402
hours
tues - sat 10:00am - 4:00pm
closed sunday & monday










(888) 795-7077 













get directions 










about us








 



shoptourseventsour teamcontact us










services








 



wood wheelscar restorationwood grainel camino nose kit






























© 2025 honest charley speed shop. all rights reserved.




































 


















