






high fields country day spa | custom facials and body treatments





























home
home
sample page
uncategorized








select page


  
 



 



 
















highfields
day & destination spa
73 rose glen road south, port hope, ontario. l1a 3v6
contact information: norma daniel | 905-716-5088 | info@highfields.com
day guests are invited to enjoy a personal private day spa experience where you can relax and not feel rushed.
for overnight guests, there is one accommodation (twin beds), with private bath. breakfast is included and you can also request a guided tour of downtown port hope and/or a guided walk of the lakefront trails. single rate $125 per evening | double rate $150 per evening


special of the month ($60)
pressotherapy lymphatic massage wellness treatment
(allow one hour)


detoxify your body

improve lymphatic drainage

boost circulation
reduce cellulite

please wear or bring loose-fitted pants, long-sleeved shirt and socks









ganaraska credit unionbusiness profile video 
click the image to watch the video on facebook









order onlineeminence organic skin care free shipping!
highfields day & destination spa has an affiliate link service which allows you to order directly from eminence who will ship to you for free.
 
please use click the affiliate link or scan the qr code below and go to  ‘browse products’ to shop and complete a purchase.
 
once you have placed an online order, please let me know what you ordered so that i can keep your personal health history file up to date.











we now havee-gift cards!
we are now offering egift cards redeemable for all services. to purchase please click the button below. for any questions please call norma at 905 716 5088.
email: info@highfields.com.

gift cards









learn more about our services





custom facials



body treatments





day spa package
includes 60 minute relaxation massage, 60 minute custom facial, use of infrared sauna and total body vibration machine, light lunch. $250

custom facials
we will analyze your skin condition and recommend one of the following treatments.

radio frequency pulsonic facial with light therapy: 90 minutes – $150.a relaxing, warm treatment focused on skin tightening for the face. . firms and visibly lifts skin from the first treatment . thin skin is plumped . jawline and cheeks sculpted . eyebrows lifted . under eyes smoothed . wrinkles and folds reduced  .









micro dermabrasion with oxygen infusion: 90 minutes – $150.
our diamond peel is a crystal-free micro dermabrasion treatment that safely sands away the top layers of dead skin in order to stimulate new cell growth and reveal an overall fresher looking complexion. this treatment helps in a variety of skin concerns, i.e. textural irregularities, fine lines, hyper pigmentation, acne, enlarged pores and scarring. your micro dermabrasion treatment is followed by an oxygen infusion that nourishes the skin with vitamins, minerals, amino acids and enzymes which are propelled deep into the skin with pressurized pure oxygen. oxygen is an essential nutrient for collagen and elastin and also helps inhibit the growth of bacteria causing acne.

micro needling collagen induction therapy
collagen induction therapy aka stamping, creates controlled micro-injuries to the skin with a sterile disposable cartridge of tiny needles which penetrate the subcutaneous fat layer under the dermis. your blood platelets then release a series of growth factors that promote the production of collagen and elastin. (our body makes new cells, capillaries, nerve endings and collagen for our whole life. production doesn’t stop – it slows down. roughly between ages 25 – 30 we have reduced collagen production by 1/2% per year). the superficial micro-channels created by automated electrical micro-needling enhance the absorption of topical serums or your own platlets, applied during the treatment to improve a variety of skin conditions and body parts including: relax skin or wrinkles on your face, upper lip lines, neck, décolleté, and arms. helps to reduce hyperpigmention and scarring.
 a collagen gel is then infused deep into the skin with either radio frequency current or oxygen delivery.

 a topical anesthetic is applied at the clinic 30 minutes before your treatment.
 contraindicated if you are using anticoagulants, if you have compromised immune system, herpes, psoriasis, eczema, uncontrolled diabetes, and if you are using hydroquinone.
approximately 24 hours after treatment, you can enjoy a normal social life! for the first 24 hours avoid exercising as sweat will irritate the skin, avoid hot shower, hot tub and sauna. use a sunscreen, use soothing pure skin care products and wait a few days to apply makeup.
 treatment frequency: 4 treatments on average, every 4 to 6 weeks. it takes about 30 days to truly judge each treatment results. $150 per treatment.


echo ii oxygen facial: 60 minutes – $100 or 90 minutes $150
this oxygen facial delivers a mixture of hyperbaric oxygen at a high pressure infused with 87 different vitamins, minerals, enzymes and amino acids. this facial not only benefits people interested in reversing the signs of aging skin, but it is also beneficial to treat acne and rosacea. oxygen adheres to the collagen and elastin molecules, thereby increasing the strength of the collagen and elastin fibers. your skin will absolutely glow!

eminence organic custom facial: 60 minutes – $100 or 90 minutes $150
eminence organic skin care melds herbal craftmanship and skin rejuvenation techniques unique to hungary. to take a video tour visit www.eminenceorganicfarm.com. whether you are looking to erase age spots and hyperpigmentation, reduce skin redness, clear away hormonal or cystic acne or diminish the visible signs of aging, discover a targeted skin care routine that will make your skin glow with renewed youth and vitality. nut free, soy free, vegan friendly, gluten free eminence products are available.

hylauronic acid laser facial: recommended (2 treatments per week for 4 weeks)
hialurox is an alternative filler which contours the entire face and neck. hialurox stimulates the renewal of tissue and reactivates the production of hylauronic acid which the body creates naturally. this increase in cellular activity in turn increases the production of elastin and collagen, activating the natural process by which the skin produces its own ha.
what is hylauronic acid?
it is a tissue binding element which our body produces from birth. it determines the elasticity of the skin. at the age of 40 its production has decreased by half and by the age of 60 it barely reaches 10% of production at birth.

thermolysis treatment: 60 minutes – $100
thermolysis safely removes skin tags, milia, freckles and sun spots with a high radio frequency current. during the treatment the probe simply touches the skin’s surface. some resistant ones need two or more treatments and we must allow 21 days between treatments. thermolysis is not attracted to melanin and we can treat black skin. we cannot treat anything with a deep root, i.e. warts and moles or hyperpigmentation caused by a hormone inbalance. treatment time is one hour and includes facial cleanse and exfoliation. after your treatment your skin is calmed by an oxygen infusion. 48 hours prior to your treatment: no sun exposure, no aspirin or asa’s, be very well hydrated, and we suggest you purchase a tube of polysporin to use for home care.

needle free mesotherapy facial: 90 minutes – $150
6 different electrical currents can be used during your facial!
ems strengthens the muscles. mild lifting occurs using passive exercise/energy.
bio. mildly firms loose skin.
deep injection. increases the skin’s temperature to speed consumption of energy & the metabolism. deep lymphatic drainage occurs.
drainage injection. promotes epidermal cell turnover, growth and shallow drainage. excellent for sensitive skin, edema and acneic skin. improves absorption of nutrients.
elasticity injection. skin elasticity improves and wrinkles are reduced.
galvanic current: improves cell absorption of nutrients.





relaxing body treatments

cbd relaxation massage: 60 minutes – $100  |  90 minutes – $150
unlike marijuana which has high thc levels, cbc in our cannabis massage oils have healing properties and little or no narcotic effects. hemp is a cannabis plant containing less than 0.3% thc. cbd is known for its anti-inflammatory and pain-relieving qualities. we prepare our canna oil on site and add unique blends of essential oils and dried herbs. cannabis oils help muscles to relax, alleviate stress and anxiety, and eliminate chronic pain. the muscles and joints react immediately to a massage but add in the cannabis oils and your entire body and senses will be stimulated. home blends of massage oils are available to purchase. please note that this treatment is not eligible for an rmt receipt.









aromatherapy massage: 60 minutes – $100  |  90 minutes – $150
norma offers 28 years of experience with the introduction of hot stones, and custom blended essential oils. this is an excellent choice to reduce your stress and enhance your overall well-being.

intuitive massage with hot stones: 60 minutes – $100  |  90 minutes – $150
 i allow my intuition to guide me to where your body requires healing.

reiki with chakra balance: 30 minutes – $50
reiki is a japanese word meaning universal life-force energy. it is a healing technique which originated in the 18th century in japan. reiki is a system which uses the positioning of hands over the chakras which are spinning centers of life force which in the body, bridge your physical, emotional and spiritual systems. reiki will allow you to reduce stress and look at ‘issues’ which you have put on the back burner! if you want to incorporate reiki into your massage, all you have to do is ask!


cellular detoxification: 30 minutes – $50
our ionic foot bath generator creates a stream of positive and negative ions (charged atoms) which attract and attach themselves to oppositely charged toxic particles and draws these toxins out of the body through the skin. acid wastes in your tissues begin to be neutralized and your liver, gallbladder and kidneys release toxic metals and bile. the ion bath works to radically improve patient’s health by increasing the body’s natural ability to eliminate and neutralize toxins.the ionic foot spa is a relaxing process of soaking your feet in a tub of warm salt water into which charged ions attract and collect various toxins, heavy metals, and cellular debris from tissues within the body, drawing them out of the soles of the feet via osmosis, releasing them into the water. ionic cleansing is know to avail a variety of benefits from potentially alleviating lymph congestion, swelling and pain, while evoking an increase in energy and circulation. the detoxification and ph-balancing benefits that result, especially from repeated use, support the body’s efforts to strengthen the immune system for one’s overall health.

body wrap and relaxation massage: 90 minutes – $150
experience a detoxifying thermal infrared wrap. treatment includes the eminence trio – a total body exfoliation, the application of an enzyme organic body masque, followed by a relaxing massage.

new!!  back facial – 90 minutes – $150
includes:   charcoal cleansewarm turmeric application to open your poresextractions and a mineral masque an aromatherapy hydrating back massage

couples teaching relaxation massage:
90 minutes of hands of hands-on massage at my very private spa. all are welcome! $150

therapeutic massage (insurance receipts issued):
60 minutes $100
90 minutes $150
as needed, sessions may include gentle therapeutic laser treatment to reduce inflammation, decrease pain and accelerate healing.
 

therapeutic massage services are only available for a group of 3 or 4 clients.





ready to book?
 
to schedule your spa services or to make any inquiries, please call norma at 905 716 5088.
email: info@highfields.com.
 

follow us on facebook







 








archives

december 2019

categories

uncategorized


meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org

 




 















