










usa boxing | usa boxing home page









































close and continue skip to contentnewsmembershipmembership and how to joinlog in, opens in a new tablbc directoryfee schedule, opens in a new tabfind a club, opens in a new tabneutral cornergrassrootslbc electionsevents & resultsupcoming eventshosting a usa boxing eventrankingsresultsbook a hotel, opens in a new tabevent photosorder event videos, opens in a new tabhigh performancemeet the teameliteyouthstaffother biosteam selectionathletestaffmore infoathlete benefitsupcoming eventsteam usa resultsfaqathlete advisory councilolympic teamsteam photosequal pay policy, opens in a new tabombuds policy, opens in a new tabresourcesrulebooklbc resourcescoaching educationsafesportforms and documentsusada, opens in a new tabmembership survey, opens in a new tabgovernanceboard of directorscompliancefinancialsbylaws, opens in a new tabstrategic planusopc certification, opens in a new tabfoundation bylaws, opens in a new tabmediaphoto galleriesmarketing materialsshop, opens in a new tabdonate, opens in a new tabour partnersto see sponsored ads, please enable javascript.latest news#applications open for usa boxing non-athlete committee positionswith the start of a new olympic quad, usa boxing is now seeking applicants to fill non-athlete, open committee member slots for the committees/advisory boards listed below. the committee term is 2025-2028, and those interested in applying for a positio...feb 4, 2025the neutral corner, january 2025 | usa boxing's quarterly newsletter usa boxing is excited to kick off 2025 with the january installation of the neutral corner, usa boxing’s quarterly newsletter. usa boxing had an incredible year throughout 2024 and the organization is incredibly proud to highlight each of our incredibl...jan 31, 2025national office membership department update | thursday, jan. 30, 2025due to inclement weather in colorado springs, colo., the usa boxing membership department will be working remotely today, thursday, jan. 30. usa boxing members are still able to contact the usa boxing membership department via email. additionally, memb...jan 30, 2025usa boxing partners with emperor’s balmusa boxing announced a partnership with emperor’s balm, a supplemental pain cream formula created from a delicate mixture of essential oils and shea butter. the partnership allows usa boxing member clubs to partner with emperor’s balm as wholesale reta...jan 28, 2025learn more#usa boxing membershipupcoming eventsolympic qualificationevery four years the world gathers together for the olympic games. below you can find resources on the qualification process for the 2024 paris olympic games....usa boxing rule bookclick here to read usa boxing's national rule book. - effective jan. 1, 2025click here to read a list of rule book revisions. - effective jan. 1, 2025click here to read list of certified equipment. - revised february 14, 2025click here to read the usa ...important info#coaching you up grant opportunity for sanction holderslearn how to earn up to $1,500 towards your sanctioned event!jul 13, 2023lbc electionsthere aren’t any lbc elections happening at this time but when there is one, this will be the webpage to visit....usa boxing grassrootstake a look inside what is happening around the country at the grassroots level!grants4gymsapply for the chance to earn 1 of 50 grants4gyms!2024 in photo#46 photosto view all photos, please enable javascript.view allaccessibilitycareerscontact usdonate, opens in a new tabsite mapterms of use, opens in a new tabprivacy policy, opens in a new tabombuds, opens in a new tabprivacy preference center© 2025 copyright © usa boxing- all rights reserved.




cookie settings










