








dyersburg, tn



























 















 














 





 
 















mayor & aldermen

mayor john holden
aldermen
meeting minutes

board of mayor & aldermen minutes
planning commission minutes


tennessee open records policy


city charter
departments

accounting
city court
codes enforcement
customer service
dyersburg regional airport
911 center
emergency preparedness
fire
gas
gis

online gis mapping 


parks & recreation
police
purchasing
solid waste management/landfill
storm water management 
street
wastewater treatment
water treatment plants


gis mapping
make a payment

pay utility bill
pay property tax
pay traffic ticket


e-billing sign up


















 
                  public notices
 
automated  rollout container policy



new household automated garbage  collection service information:
                    the city of dyersburg recognizes that some  residents may be physically unable to bring their rollout refuse container to  the street, curb or alley for collection due to a disability or physical  hardship. you may pick up an application from dyersburg city hall, dyersburg  public works or download the application here. to apply for this  service, please complete the section that pertains to you and return it, along  with required verification, to: city of dyersburg sanitation department, 435 us  hwy 51 s, dyersburg, tennessee 38024,  email 
                      the solid waste management/landfill superintendent, or  return to  dyersburg city hall.



cigna - critical information about transparency in coverage 
this link leads to the  machine-readable files that are made available in response to the federal  transparency in coverage rule and includes negotiated service rates and  out-of-network allowed amounts between health plans and healthcare providers.  the machine readable files are formatted to allow researchers, regulators, and  application developers to more easily access and analyze data. https://www.cigna.com/legal/compliance/machine-readable-files



                    doxo warning for online payments
                    beware: doxo is an online bill payment site that looks official but is not affiliated with the city of dyersburg. doxo will charge additional fees to pay your water or gas bill.  our official online payments site is www.municipalonlinepayments.com/dyersburgtn. 
 
 

















 


 



 



 
 


 









                            this is for community and weather related alerts.
notice:  carrier rates apply for text messages-
                            we  cannot promise delivery of bulk messages 
                            that may be blocked by your isp email 
                            or wireless spam filter


 




 





dyersburg board of mayor & aldermen meets the 1st and 3rd monday of each month at 7:00 p.m. cst. click here to watch a live stream of the meeting.






  watch prior  meetings and other public events on youtube


 
 

 


 
 


 



 
 















 
 
 







 
 
 




 





 
 
 


contact
resources
helpful links


dyersburg city hall
contact us
311 citizen service request


po box 1358
mayor & council
dyer chamber of commerce


dyersburg, tn 38025-1358
make a payment online



 
holiday closings


 
 


 

















