






home









 






 


 nssc is open for lifelong learning programs, lending closet, fitness center, art studio, shop, & cafe. all visitors must enter through the north entrance.  x 

x
nssc's accessibility options
click here







161 northfield road, northfield, il 60093







161 northfield road, northfield, il 60093





					hours of operation: 
					mon-fri 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.

|

					call us: 
					847.784.6000

|

					email us: 
					info@nssc.org



















homeabout usgo to about usannual report & financialscareer opportunitiesvolunteeringprograms & servicesgo to programs & servicesaarp tax-aide programadult protective servicescaregiver supportcaregiver support group for family memberscaregiver support group for spouses & partnersdementia family support groupgrandparents raising grandchildrenparkinson's disease support grouprespite for the caregivermemory loss adult day programcounseling servicescounseling & therapycounseling for caregiversoptions counseling for life changesfitness and wellnessfitness centerfitness center membershippersonal training & group classesmemory care programscaregiver resourcesmind matters early memory loss programdementia resourceshouse of welcome adult day programmemory caféalzheimer's caregiver manualpersonal money managementsupport and resourceslending closetolder adults benefitssupport groupsh.o.p.e./colbertinformation & referralscase managementescorted transportation serviceshome-delivered mealshomemaker servicescommunity care programfriendly visitinglifelong learning programsgo to lifelong learning programsbrowse for classesmembershipnssc tuesday clubteach with usevents & educationgo to events & educationbuilding recoveryprofessional & community education programscommunity partner eventsamenitiesgo to amenitiesa&a caféfitness centerthe shop at the centertechnology assistance lablibrarysupport usgo to support usforever grateful walldonatepartnershipscorporate partnershipsfoundation partnershipsvolunteer with us 



donatebuilding updates 















building recovery updates
our beloved building at 161 northfield road sustained significant water damage overnight on thursday, january 30. click below to learn more.
read more







more than the winter blues? we’re here to help!
our professional counselors can help you feel more like yourself again
learn more







mind matters early memory loss program
join us tuesdays from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m.
learn more







professional & community education programs
knowledge is power!
register for upcoming events







do you suspect someone is being abused or neglected?
report abuse, neglect, and exploitation through adult protective services
click here to get help










north shore senior center does not discriminate against any person served, person employed, or person seeking employment based on age, sex, race, color, disability, ethnicity, national origin, genetic information, religious tradition or spiritual practice. if you feel that you have been discriminated against, call the senior help line at 800.252.8966 or 888.206.1327 (tty). 


nssc is a 501(c)(3) organization that serves and engages more than 24,000 older adults in chicago’s northern suburbs each year through social services, specialized memory care, caregiver resources, counseling, care management, educational and wellness programs, money management, and volunteer opportunities.


how can we help?





click here to learn about resources and services available to help you or your loved one live independently. from case management and home-delivered meals, to support groups and assistance with benefits, we can help.
read more



support & resources






lifelong learning offers an abundance of opportunities to learn new things, enrich your life and connect with others. click here to check out our classes, clubs, trips, concerts, and events.
read more



lifelong learning programs






supportive counseling is available to older adults and their family caregivers to help with big life changes, grief, depression, anxiety and stress. click here to learn how we can help.
read more



counseling services






we can help you find the resources and support you need to help care for your family member. click here to learn about our support groups, workshops, counseling and respite services.
read more



caregiver support






we offer several supportive programs for people living with dementia and their family caregivers. click here to learn about our day program, memory café, support groups, and caregiver resources.
read more



memory care programs






our certified, professional trainers offer personal training in our fitness center and group classes online and in our gym. click here to learn more about our fitness and wellness programs.
read more



fitness & wellness






our highly-trained case workers restore the dignity and safety of adults with disabilities ages 18 – 59 and adults over the age of 60 who are victims of abuse, neglect, self-neglect or financial exploitation. click here to learn more.
read more



adult protective services






our experienced money managers can help alleviate stress for older adults and their families by assisting with bill paying, mail management, budgeting, tax organization and more. click here to learn more.
read more



personal money management










the shop





café





career opportunities





volunteering





professional & community education programs





upcoming events





support us




connect with us!



stay informed
receive up-to-date information on local resources and tips, upcoming events, community stories, and more!











 












hear it from our community






 house of welcome is like a home away from home. when you walk in, everybody knows you by name. it's like family–like you're going to your friend's house. jane north shore senior center saved me. i know i have someone there who cares about me and who is going to help me be the best person i can be to take care of my mom. traci, family caregiver the north shore senior center online classes mean so much to me, keeping me connected and engaged. merle w. nssc keeps me feeling younger and brings me joy in many ways. joan m. your inclusive and vibrant community sets a model for us in taiwan as we strive to empower our seniors! johnny, nancy, callista, neo, exchange students i finally had a good night's sleep and a lot of stress left my body after meeting with a social worker! joe social services client 


 


partnerships
click here to learn more about ways we can collaborate.







 

 
 











						arthur c. nielsen, jr. campus
						161 northfield road
						northfield, il 60093
847.784.6000





						niles senior & family services
						7900a milwaukee ave., suite 2-20b
						niles, il 60714
847.864.3721



info@nssc.org


 


 




about us|amenities|contact us & locations|volunteering|privacy policy|sitemap| 


				© 2022-2025  north shore senior center. all rights reserved. site by adroidea.
			


 




 

