










trade show displays and exhibits | exhibit solutions
























info@exhibitsolutions.net
505-298-5121


view cart












portable displays 

tabletop displays
fullsize displays
backlit displays
custom island exhibits
trade show display rentals
portable display counters
literature display stands
outdoor event products


banner stands 

indoor banner stands
outdoor banner stands
tabletop banner stands


visual solutions 

all visual solutions
sign display stands
tablet holder stands
backlit light boxes
wall mount poster frames
countertop merchandising
hanging sign systems
overhead fabric structures
semi-permanent showcases
outdoor event products


accessories 

all accessories
large-format graphics
literature display stands
tablet holder stands
portable display counters
table covers and runners
incharg charging solutions
portable bag stands
monitor display stands
portable trade show furniture
product shipping cases
display and exhibit lighting


services 

in-house large-format graphics
graphic design services
display and exhibit design
trade show display rentals
trade show and event tips
upload files now



about us 

contact information
maps and directions
meet the owner
client portfolio
employment opportunities
return policy
















welcome to exhibit solutions of new mexico
proudly celebrating 25 years of helping businesses get noticed at trade shows and events!
visit us







stunning backlit displays
expand lightbox portable. the ultimate in portability and ease of use. outshine the competition at your next event.
read more







retail visual solutions
vibrant and creative visual solutions for retail and corporate environments.
contact us
























helping you find the right trade show solution to elevate your brand.
we offer a wide range of products and services including portable displays, banner stands, trade show exhibits, large-format graphics, exhibit design and trade show accessories. contact us today and let us find the right solution for you!


request a quote













meet the owner





gina m. euell has over 35 years of experience in the trade show and graphics industry. she started exhibit solutions of new mexico...



gina m. euell







featured product

 



expand lightbox portable. a backit display that is easy to bring with you and set up. your message and brand will stand outâ at any trade show or event...




expand lightbox portable






newest addition

 



featherlite medallion. providing a sophisticated, high-end look that is lightweight, portable and easily scalable to grow as your needs change...




featherlite medallion displays






5-star showroom

 



exhibit solutions of new mexico is your complete source for portable displays, custom exhibits and trade show accessories... 



visit our 5-star showroom













why work with us ?





trade show displays
exhibit solutions of new mexico offers a wide selection of trade show displays. various options include portable displays, custom modular exhibits, banner stands, pop-up displays, and literature display stands.





large-format graphics
our in-house graphics department produces a wide range of graphics for both indoor and outdoor events and shows. we can produce vinyl banners, posters, backlit lightbox graphics, trade show signage and more.





creative exhibit design
our experienced exhibit design team can help create the perfect trade show display just for you. we approach each design with a fresh perspective to achieve maximum results.





world-class support
full service consultation and support from concept to completion and beyond.





trusted partner
we succeed when you succeed which is why hundreds of companies have trusted us to help elevate their brand.





environmentally friendly
exhibit solutions of new mexico is committed to environmentally friendly solutions for our clients.
















our clients
exhibit solutions of new mexico is committed to providing affordable, innovative solutions to meet the trade show needs of our many clients both large and small. we have had the pleasure of working with many quality companies and organizations throughout the united states and worldwide.

















































client testimonials




jennifer l. lyle
managing director


                the display is gorgeous! we are at the show now and couldn't
        be more pleased!...again, i can't tell you enough how pleased we are
        with the display, the graphics and your service!
                





joanna ivey
small business owner


                gina and her team were so helpful and made sure i had the right product for my needs. prompt communication and great service- a rare thing these days! the final product looks great and is very sturdy.
                





alexis magana-jaggli
associate director of marketing


                gina is such a pleasure to work with. she's professional, kind, and responds to emails and requests right away. exhibit solutions of new mexico is very efficient and their products always look great.
                





daris padilla
small business owner


                i just want to say how happy i am! the exhibit solutions team did an amazing job! i will definitely recommend your business to friends and family. the level of professionalism was outstanding.
                















exhibit solutions of new mexico

              4301 masthead st ne suite c 
              albuquerque, nm 87109
              united states 
phone: 505-298-5121
email: info@exhibitsolutions.net





about us
founded in 1999, exhibit solutions of new mexico is a minority, woman-owned certified small business.

 meet the owner
 contact us
 driving directions



popular links

 backlit trade show displays
 portable tabletop displays
 trade show exhibit design
 large-format graphics
 upload files now



recent news
exciting new product launches this year include featherlite custom modular exhibits, portable backlit seg fabric frames and updated large-format graphic products and services.








          copyright ©  2025 exhibit solutions of new mexico, inc. all rights reserved.



















