


guide to sanibel and captiva islands florida












 













welcome to sanibel and captiva islands

sanibel, "the shelling capital of the western world," with more shell variety than any other single beach in florida. thick, lush foliage covers the island, half of which is a natural preserve. with miles of bicycle paths, abundant nature, watersports, sandy beaches and breathtaking sunsets, sanibel and captiva islands are an endless tropical playground.  sanibel is tethered to the mainland by a causway (toll) punctuated with pull-offs and picnic spots where sailboards dressed like butterflies skitter in the breeze. 

we're showcasing all that captiva and sanibel island florida has to offer right here. make this web site your springboard for jumping into the cities and lifestyles that make up our paradise!



shelling on sanibel island
with more then 400 species of shells, the beaches of sanibel island off the west coast of florida, are considered the best shelling beaches in north america.  not only are shells abundant, but finding coveted species such as the junonia and lion's paw provide excitement for even the most amateur of shellers.  geography is the main contributor to the rich bounty scattered across sanibel's sugary sands. unlike other barrier islands, sanibel is unique in that it runs east to west rather than north to south.  the island twists and turns along the coastline rather than making an orderly progression.  as a result, the torque of the island's south end acts as a ladle scooping up the shells the gulf brings from the caribbean and other southern seas.   winter storms are particularly beneficial, pushing the shells along the shallow plateau of sand along the gulf of mexico to deposit them along the beaches at low tide.
both sanibel and its sister island, captiva, have endured thousands of years of wind and storms to give credence to the claim they are made of shells.  delighted residents frequently unearth perfectly preserved conchs, whelks, and scallops in random digs around their backyards.
the conch is the most commonly found shell in sanibel...read more »


warm weather and sunshine are putting families across the country in vacation-planning mode. whether traveling by train, plane or automobile, mobile devices are typically the first thing parents and kids pack.

in fact, american families take more than 100 million leisure trips a year and the average family juggles up to six devices - ranging from smartphones to tablets to laptops. it's no surprise that summer is the most popular family travel time, and for many kids the school break can result in a measurable brain drain. studies show students lose about a month of learning during the summer break. concerned parents can dial up the learning quotient with a few well-packed apps that keep little ones engaged whether traveling far or settling in for a summer staycation...read more »



 
[hotels, resorts, accommodations]  [arts & entertainment]  [ attractions]  [restaurants & dining]  [sports & outdoors]  [health & fitness]  [on the water]  [ shopping]  [business]  [ real estate] [professional services] [visiting  sanibel & captiva islands ]  [sanibel & captiva florida city guide - home page]
 
all contents copyright ©ci-interactive.   design, marketing and programming by ci-interactive


calendar of events



for information on upcoming chamber of commerce events call 239-472-1080 or visit www.sanibel-captiva.org

nature tram tours are available every day except friday at the ding darling wildlife sanctuary - 1 wildlife drive - sanibel island, fl  for information on the park or scheduled events visit www.dingdarlingsociety.org/







translate this










