



safetylit: injury research and prevention literature update






















































 home


search


boolean search


thesaurus



sources



authors


weekly updates



update bulletin (pdf)


update bulletin (web)




about us


my safetylit






aa


aa


aa















search safetylit for
												
injury prevention literature








search for
author
textword



basic search










search by multiple terms
										
										with boolean operators
										
on the

advanced search page







keep up-to-date on the
										
										latest literature
										
with this week's abstracts:

web version | pdf version








injuries have causes --  they don't simply befall us from fate or bad luck.
to prevent injuries it is necessary to have information about the factors that contribute to their occurrence. with this information we may understand the options for prevention. effective injury prevention requires a multifaceted, multidisciplinary approach.
what's in safetylit?
safetylit provides abstracts of reports from researchers who work in the more than 30 distinct professional disciplines relevant to preventing and researching unintentional injuries, violence, and self-harm. among these are agriculture, anthropology, architecture, economics, education, engineering specialties, ergonomics and human factors, faith scholars, health and medicine, law and law enforcement, psychology, social work, sociology, and other fields.


journal list
non-journal sources
savir instrument library
source statistics



safetylit mission
the mission of safetylit is to provide a free comprehensive, easy-to-use, searchable, internet-based bibliographic database of scholarly journal articles, technical reports, and theses concerning all issues of safety arising from many professional disciplines and nations. the items will be indexed in a way that access to information by policymakers, practitioners, researchers, and the general public will not be hindered by obscure professional jargon or arcane search terms.

what's in a word: "accident" "injury" "trauma" ...?

in the english language each of these words is used as a technical term for what is defined above as "injury". there is no single all-encompassing best term for that concept. each word has similar and different connotations. the issue is compounded when the word preferences of different professional disciplines is considered and further complicated when everyday usage by non-professionals is considered.since the mid-19th century much has been written -- sometimes formal and academic other times quite emotional -- about these word preferences and their subtile connotations. 
injury definition
for the purposes of safetylit, an injury is defined as any unintentional or intentional damage to the body resulting from acute exposure to chemical, electromagnetic, kinetic, nuclear, or thermal energy or from the absence of essentials such as heat or oxygen. refer to this further discussion for more about the word usage issue.
evaluators and researcherslearn about the savir instrument libraryof non-proprietary survey instrumentsand forms that have been used by others.
the safetylit foundation has been designated a 501(c)(3) public charity by the us irs and all donations and gifts are deductible as permitted by law. ein 46-3470743

 why safetylit? (our case statement) 



safetylit weekly update
each week citations and summaries of about 400 new articles and reports are included in our 41 categorical rss feeds or are available as a single pdf document.

  rss feeds  | subscribe to email list 
contact information and staff

help: tutorials   |  faq
   



keep safetylit aliveplease donate to safetylit by mailing a check to:

 						the safetylit foundation
 						p.o. box 19130
 						san diego, california, 92159  usa
  
safetylit has achieved the highest guidestar rating of non-profit organizations for its transparency in providing information about diversity, and progress toward meeting program objectives.


view safetylit foundationus irs federal tax filings 2013-2020






click to donate now your donation is secure through the services of paypal



 the seescan® corporation made a generous donation

that has enabled a major update to the web technology software that allows this website to remain secure and responsive.
















attributions | sitemap | terms & conditions | copyright | privacy


injury prevention literature update & archive database
				
				preventing injuries by providing information












