
















weight loss healthy







































































weight loss healthy



natural weight loss and safe for health

























































































sunday, june 9, 2013








what is the ideal weight?









have always coveted ideal body
for everyone, especially the women.
90% of women
in the world always
want the ideal body weight, many ways also that they have taken to
get the ideal body weight, ranging from slimming
drugs and not least also uses natural
ways and means - the other way.
is there a formula to calculate your ideal weight?
do not worry all here, consider the following, ideal body weight or body mass
index (bmi) can be calculated
with the following formula:






example:
women with height = 161cm, weight = 58 kg
                  58
 bmi =-------------- = 22.37 (normal)


            1.61 x 1.61
look at the classification
table value bmi (body
mass index)

bmi (bmi)     nutritional                 status category
<17.0               nutrition less                         very skinny
17.0 - 18.5
      less skinny                 nutritional
18.5 - 25.0       normal                        good nutrition
25.0 - 27.0
      nutrition more            fat
> 27.00            nutrition more            very fat 

how? is yourideal weight ?





posted by



peka eka dwi ratna nasa tulungagung




at

10:32 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















friday, may 31, 2013







diet with vegetables and fruits









do you want an ideal body weight? to get the ideal weight and stay healthy,
you need to know to pay attention to your diet menu. most people to get the
ideal body, they go on a diet which is likely to endanger himself, for example,
those on a diet, a fact that occurred in their diet do with eating less every
day, they eat 3 times a day to 2 times even 1 day.
it is not good for our health, even with reducing portions
or diet, can make our bodies do not have the strength (weakness) because you’re
lack of food intake and the most dangerous thing you could get sick.

if so, how good and healthy diet? following a healthy diet
for you: for those of you who run a diet program to consume a variety of foods
such as: vegetables, fresh fruits, which can make your stomach be full and not
limp.
healthy diet to diet



avocado fruit consumption as one
of the main menu. avocado fruit is a fruit that has a natural fat content is
very good for the body, these fats are called saturated fats are not useful to
replace the fat you need on a daily basis, such as fatty foods produced from
rice and meat. in addition to the existing usability avocado above, it turns
out avocados can also filling the stomach, so that we do not feel weak anymore,
though avocados are not satisfied in full as when we eat rice.

consumption of nuts - nuts. maybe a lot of people think that
nuts are one of the very good snack for your fat sources, however it turns out,
the nuts than useful a source of fat, nuts also have the function to burn the
fat that accumulates in the body. and certainly do not miss the nuts are rich
in fiber and protein so that it can help you to aid digestion and can control
blood sugar in the body. the third menu is vegetable
broccoli.

broccoli is one kind of vegetables
rich in fiber, the fiber itself is useful to help filling the stomach, and can
survive in the long term, in addition to the broccoli is also good for
digestion.




similarly, a suitable diet to support your healthy diet
and a healthy diet menu for your daily routine consumption hopefully can help
you to overcome obesity or help you to a healthy diet safely and quickly.





posted by



peka eka dwi ratna nasa tulungagung




at

12:38 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















sunday, may 26, 2013







how to diet healthy?





losing weight can not be arbitrary. diet in a way that is not good will adversely affect health because of the way the wrong diet.way of a good diet should pay attention to diet and regular exercise.there are several ways a natural diet, healthy and fast, as follows:1. consumption of fresh fruit and vegetables, as well, and can prevent the disease. the fresh fruits and vegetables to include in your diet each day at a time when breakfast, lunch, dinner or snack.2. hygiene, do not forget to clean your hands before eating meals will we consume, brush teeth at least 2 times a day.3. keep your body hydrated (dehydration), consumption of at least 8 glasses of water every day.4. consumption of foods rich in carbohydrates. most people eat fewer carbohydrates than they need. at least half the calories of your diet should come from nutrient. to increase the carbohydrate intake, to eat bread, and in general, products made from wheat and other grains such as cereals, biscuits, pasta, rice, potatoes and vegetables.5. maintain a healthy weight for your ageto determine the correct weight you must take into account many factors: age, gender, height, constitution, heredity obesity occurs when your body gets more calories than you need. fats give us some of the nutrients that our body needs, but also the most concentrated source of calories. therefore, if one of you in particular fatty foods, alternate with lighter intake.6. eat regularly, your body needs energy available at any time in the same way that needs fuel to move the vehicle. when we woke up, after spending the whole night without eating, our energy level is very low so it should make a good breakfast. during the day, if only for lunch and dinner, your body is also too much at will without any energy input. seize the mid-morning break to eat something and do not forget the tea in the afternoon.7. exercise, such as used bikes not just rusty. with muscle and bone the same thing happens, you have to make them stay active work well. try to get some exercise every day. go up the stairs instead of the elevator, and if you can, go on foot to school. break is a good time to do physical activity play ball, jump rope. every one of us to try and practice the sport that suits our tastes.8. remember that there is no good or bad foods, do not feel guilty about eating certain foods. that avoids the excesses and make sure your food is varied enough to be balanced.





posted by



peka eka dwi ratna nasa tulungagung




at

10:55 am



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















saturday, may 25, 2013







how to reduce triglycerides?





from ancient weight problem is an issue that never used everyday topic of conversation, especially by women. because not only make a fuss when looking for the ideal outfit, being overweight can also cause health problems.
various solutions to get the ideal body weight sticking to the surface. one that has proven its effectiveness by a study published in the journal of nutrition in 2004 is to add soy into the diet daily.

according to the study, the content in the soy protein isolate can reduce triglyceride levels in the blood and increase the concentration of the hormone adiponectin. adiponectin acts affect a number of metabolic processes in the body, including the metabolism of fatty acids. increased levels of the hormone adiponectin can expedite the processing of fatty acids that reduce levels of fat in our bodies.

hydrolysis of soy protein into peptides also mentioned can cause a feeling of fullness. the peptide effect is to slow the rate of gastric emptying by affecting the mucosal cells of the small intestine. the slower the stomach emptied, and then the stomach will feel full longer so that the desire to eat will also be reduced.

soybeans are also rich in dietary fiber which can bring a feeling of fullness. consumption of dietary fiber will stimulate saliva production (saliva) and gastric fluid in greater amounts. production of the liquid will cause the stomach feel full.





posted by



peka eka dwi ratna nasa tulungagung




at

1:23 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest
















home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)









blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2013

(4)





        ▼ 
      



june

(1)

what is the ideal weight?








        ► 
      



may

(3)









about me




peka eka dwi ratna nasa tulungagung



view my complete profile

















































awesome inc. theme. powered by blogger.
























