


sound of america summer music program






welcome to the official sound of
    america website!
the
    sound of america honor band &
    chorus european concert tour





please note that after 38 years of successful and memorable summer concert tours presented to thousands of europeans, benefiting thousands of talented young musicians, the sound of america  tour will not take place in 2015. during this time of restructuring, the soa office staff will consider ways to try to make 2016 possible. 
we are so very grateful for the wonderful folks we have met and enjoyed on tour and throughout europe over the many years. we are so very proud of the professional level of the concerts and their success, during each and every tour.  we are blessed to have been able to offer well-designed itineraries allowing our students to learn and explore some of the most amazing places in the world. we are glad also for our great concert locations, wonderful audiences, elizabethtown college's staff, and great  service and help given by our bus company, voyages josy clement. we are glad to have given educational experiences that are meaningful and memorable because they were experienced in person. stay updated with our facebook page. 



 
scroll
    down for more info.


main
    entrance to all pages




 guest clinicians / professional musicians just announced - click here to learn more!
description
photos
for music directors &
            educators 


for alumni


make a donation - fast and easy through paypal using your account or a credit/debit card! 
for current tour members, you may use paypal to make a tuition payment.
search our website
contact




to view the website without frames,
  scroll to the bottom of the page.


what
      is the sound of america honor band and chorus summer music program? 

the sound of america, inc. is a music program designed to enrich aspiring  musicians through international performance and  education. the soa concert band and chorus is comprised
    of talented high school and college instrumentalists and vocalists from across
    the united states of america. each year, a new group of students
    are chosen through musical audition and recommendations for the
    annual soa european concert tour which takes place each summer.
  
non-profit: soa is a federally registered not-for-profit
  organization which focuses on the musical and cultural enrichment
  of outstanding musical students, selected by musical ability
  and character. the sound of america has non-profit status of
  501(c)(3) and does not discriminate against race, religion,
  sexual orientation, ethnicity, creed, sex or national origin.
leadership/directors: the soa honor band is directed
  by mr. clyde m. barr (president of north
  american music festivals, former president of pennsylvania music educators association), and the chorus will be under the
  direction of dr. nancy klein, (professor of choirs, old dominion university, virginia).  this coming summer of 2015
  would be the 39th annual tour of the sound of america. (for more
  information on our directors and our experienced and caring staff,
  visit our staff pages.)
where: after a rehearsal period of several days in
  pennsylvania, the ensemble presents two grand bon voyage concerts,
  after which the entire group travels to europe to present high-quality
  concerts of goodwill in germany, switzerland, italy, austria,
  luxembourg and france, before thousands of europeans. the musicality
  level of the ensemble (band & chorus) is of "all-state"
  calibre. concerts are extremely well received by the european
  audiences. 
significance: the tour enables qualifying students
  from throughout the nation to represent america in a highly positive
  manner as they perform before large european audiences in many
  of the most unique and finest concert halls in europe. over 7000
  sound of america alumni, representing every state in america,
  can attest to the incredible musical experience and personal
  growth development they have received under the leadership of
  the s.o.a. directors and staff. most consider their tour experience
  the happiest and most significant enrichment experience of their
  lifetime.
purpose: the purpose of our program is multi-fold.
  soa seeks to provide a positive, growing experience for talented
  young musicians, in which improved musical performance, appreciation
  of history, art history, languages, and different cultures are all attained
  objectives. by bringing high quality musical performances not only
  to stage in pennsylvania, but from the united states to europe,
  the soa program has a unique opportunity to showcase the best of young america
  and bring together people of different cultures. this national-scope
  musical program has been improving intercultural and international perspectives
  and attitudes for almost four decades.
recognition:
  soa has been recognized for excellence by former presidents ronald reagan, george
  bush and george w. bush, as well as from former pennsylvania
  governor & under-secretary-general to the united nations,
  dick thornburgh, former pennsylvania governor & secretary
  of the department of homeland security, tom ridge, former
  first lady and new york senator and current secretary of state, hillary clinton. 
additionally,
    diplomats at foreign and local posts have also applauded the
    work of soa. those include the cultural minister of the u.s.
      embassy of paris and consul general and minister counselor
        for public affairs of the us embassy, superintendents
          of the u.s. cemeteries, and numerous mayors throughout europe.













 www  sound of america 




 
we have numerous pages on our website to answer
  your questions . for example:

how can i learn more about soa and
    can i contact recent former tour members from my area?
am i eligible?
what type of music is performed?
what have past participants thought
    of the tour?
who are the students who have
    traveled with us and what have they done since?
is it safe? what are the europeans like
  towards americans?
videos of concerts: although we do not have any videos on this site, please feel free to browse www.youtube.com for videos of the sound of america honor band & chorus. 


music
educators:

we invite you to contact us directly to receive information
  for your finest students. you may e-mail
  us with nominations as well. 
inquire about our demo cd (free
    for directors), which features music from recent concert tours.
    it will demonstrate the quality of our musical groups as well
    as the type of music we perform. please call us at 717-245-2826 or email us with any questions or concerns regarding your student.
browse through our site to learn more about our directors, music, student
  selection, faqs, special
  patriotic cds, special alumni, distinguished alumni comments, comments from previous tour members from
  every state and more. 
soa
alumni:


visit our alumni
news . tour members from 1978-2009 can
look at their alumni news and submit their own news. we've created
a special page for alumni who have excelled in their field or
have made special achievement.   more recent years are already fully connected via their year's individual facebook page.  (there is a facebook group page for each year starting with 1978.) if youi can't find yours on facebook, please ask us for help. click
here to read about some special alumni







make a donation


it's never been easier or faster to contribute to the sound of america! 
the sound of america now accepts donations through paypal!


make a contribution to the sound of america with paypal or credit card by clicking the donate button.  










 
(please remember that tour payments / tuition are not considered tax-deductible donations.)


 the sound of america accepts checks, and visa/mastercard donations made by fax, mail, phone or email.  other online sites that accept donations on the behalf of soa include donatenow or justgive.


 
the sound of america is registered with guidestar:
      the leading source of information on u.s. nonprofits.




if your browser does not support frames, you may use these
    links below. otherwise, / please click
  for more information.
contact the sound of america:



the sound of america national headquarters




50 brookwood avenue




carlisle, pa 17015






phone: 717-245-2826
fax: 717-245-9822




terri@soundofamerica.org

thank you for visiting the soa web site!


return to top of page
2014 highlights
news / 2014 itinerary / faq's / directors &
  staff / eligibility / how
    to apply / cost
& inclusions / non-profit information / music / safety & security
special
  alumni / distinguished
    alumni talk about soa / testimonials from past
      tour participants, by state
 2013 highlights / 2012 highlights / 2011 highlights / 2010 highlights / 2009
  highlights / 2008
    highlights / 2007 highlights / 2006
      highlights / 2005 highlights / 2004 highlights / 2003 highlights / 2002 tour highlights / 2001 tour highlights / 2000 tour highlights / '99 tour highlights / '98 tour highlights / '97 tour highlights /
photo gallery  / fun
  website links / alumni
    news / 


home 




this website was originally created by drc  in 1997.  it has been modified and kept current by tld since 1998 and last updated 1-24-15.
 
 




