


oakland raiders rap

  








archives

business

coaches

day in court

depth chart

game preview

home

links

roster

schedule

tickets

transactions

about


oakland raiders rappromote your page too




follow us on twitter:


oakland raiders rap

@raidersrap
















welcome to oakland raiders rap. our mission is to provide news and information on the oakland raiders.







transactions

quarterback christian hackenberg and linebacker brady shelton are waived by the raiders to make room on the roster for defensive tackles ahtyba rubin and frostee rucker.
 
 
more

raiders' 2018 nfl draft selections

offensive tackle kolton miller and nose tackle p.j. hall head oakland's nine player nfl draft class.   
more

2018 schedule announced

the raiders' 2018 schedule features four prime-time games — 
highlighted by the season opener against the los angeles rams on sept. 10 and a christmas eve matchup against the denver broncos in week 16. both home games are on monday night football on espn.   
more

quick hits

the raiders will play the seattle seahawks at tottenham hotspur stadium in london on oct. 14. oakland will host a game outside the u.s. for a third straight year and the fourth time in five years. 	   
more
updated: 6-12-2018


oakland raiders rap

president & editor  — joseph deloach

systems manager emeritus  — joshua maresca
special thanks  — kevin deloach, john ayers, garry niver, samuel skinner


photo captions/credits:

 the black hole: where halloween comes 10 times a year. 

 al davis: the man who would be king

photos by  the 
associated press





send comments, suggestions and questions to: jdeloach@raidersrap.com

no attachments, please

public service announcement

oakland raiders rap isn't affiliated or endorsed by the oakland raiders or national football league. to our knowledge, images contained are public domain. if you are the owner and object to them being displayed, please contact us and we will remove them.

oakland raiders rap

dedicated to the memory of bob chandler and john matuszak



archives |
home | 
schedule |
tickets  |
transactions









