






wave dancing chinese calligraphy-chinese calligraphy art, lessons, tattoo design and unique gifts.














wave dancing chinese calligraphy--art, 
			lessons, service and tattoo design.




home 
			| 
master calligraphy |
			

scripts | 

calligraphy history |
			
calligraphers | 

lessons |
			


			calligraphy info | 

search










calligraphy 
		gallery

tattoo design

chinese name

custom calligraphy

wedding 
		calligraphy


		translation

gift ideas



 




		love 
 




order now!




		dream 
 




order now!



view cart



 



chinese calligraphy

museum quality chinese calligraphy art works with great bargain! 

fantastic personalized tattoo design, wedding calligraphy and calligraphy services! 


as an 

abstract art for more than 3000 years, chinese calligraphy is not just 

writing chinese characters, neither just writing well. it is an art to express 

spirits. a calligraphy work carries the calligrapher's personality, mood, idea, 

thoughts and soul.






chinese calligraphy art has been popular in china for thousands of years. it is 

also popular in the neighborhood countries such as korea and japan. 








chinese 

calligraphy is wonderful for decoration. in china, calligraphy is considered 

an advanced decoration. it also serves as great presents.




your 100% satisfaction is guaranteed!



here you will find :




 museum quality art works
 
 custom chinese calligraphy
 tattoo designs
 chinese name calligraphy and 

			

website name calligraphy
 unique gift ideas
 wedding calligraphy and other calligraphy services

			




 free chinese calligraphy video!
 free calligraphy lessons!
 information about 

			chinese calligraphy history and 

		different chinese scripts.
 introduction of 

			calligraphy masters and historical works.
 pictures, tones of calligraphy pictures!







check our 

chinese calligraphy art gallery now!


enter to win a chinese calligraphy art 

work or tattoo design ($40 value)!



  





today, as international communication increases, people from different countries and 

different cultures start to understand others more than ever. as a result, 

chinese calligraphy has been walking into the lives of people all over the 

world.




our calligraphy art works are of museum quality. as a fact, most museums outside 

of china do not have calligraphy art up to our quality. this is due to the difficulty for a nonnative chinese 

speaker to understand chinese calligraphy as an 

art. chinese calligraphy appreciation is even hard for chinese people. as always, there are only a small part 

of the population in china has the ability to appreciate this abstract art.






we are one of the few websites introducing chinese 

calligraphy as an art in english. although it's difficult for a non chinese speaker to completely understand calligraphy art, it's possible that such a 

person can understand it to a certain degree. our mission is to help people who are interested 

in chinese calligraphy to understand it more.






we are also a resource of pictures of 
historical calligraphy 

pieces. some pieces have more than 100 pictures. we provide pictures 

to many other chinese calligraphy 

sites, including some sites in chinese.






we are the first site to load free 
chinese 

calligraphy video. 






here are some free chinese calligraphy pictures. 

these calligraphy works were created around 1998. you can feel free to use  

without authorization.






please come to read lixin's 
articles on chinese calligraphy.






from now on, we will post some anecdotes of calligraphers. those

anecdotes are fun to read.




what our customers say? 

i just wanted to say thank you again for your fine work.  the calligraphy 

you've done for our karate school is unique and elegant.

more testimonies...




check our 

chinese calligraphy art gallery now!


enter to win a free chinese calligraphy art 

work or tattoo design ($40 value)!


new art works : 
















 



                   


about us |

faq | 
what's new | 
suggestions |

partners | 
links |
chinese 
painting gallery
quesions? email 
calligraphy@wavedancing.net .
copyright© 2003 of lixin wang. all rights reserved. 
permission should be 
granted before any use of chinese calligraphy articles, pictures and videos 
on this site. 

last modified: 05/09/09


