







learn bible with scripture songs kjv - bible music







































bible music








home
bible music
benefits
blog
testimonial
contact




0







 






walk with god all day long, meditating on his word in song.



























  are you looking for kjv bible music that will elevate your thoughts to the courts of heaven? bible songs that give great peace and joy? folk bible songs that your children will love and memorize for a lifetime of blessing!
then you have come to the right place.

kjv bible passages sung to beautiful music.
peaceful folk songs.
bible promises come alive.
excellent lead vocals.
enjoyed by the entire family.
simple, powerful, and extremely spiritual.

thousands of families have been drawn closer to god through this music, yours can too. 


bible music order page











bible music


                     your browser does not support the audio tag.
                   








 



 scripture songs i
















 



 scripture songs ii
















 



 scripture songs iii
















 



 scripture songs iv













view more






















						1.	how do i download the music?
					




after a successful payment, you will receive a confirmation email with the downloadable link. you can click on the link and download the files in the form of a zip file.








						2. what is a zip file?
					




a zip file is a widely used file format for compressing and archiving one or more files or directories into a single, smaller package. zip files are created using a compression algorithm that reduces the size of the files, making them easier to store, transfer, and share.








						3. how do i open a zip file?
					




q1. how do i open a zip file on windows?

1. locate the zip file on your computer.
2. right-click on the zip file.
3. select "extract all" from the context menu.
4. choose the destination folder where you want to extract the contents.
5. click "extract."

q2. how do i open a zip file on macos?

1. locate the zip file on your mac.
2. double-click on the zip file. macos will automatically extract the contents to the same folder as the zip file.

q3. how do i open a zip file on mobile?
you can download any zip extractor from android play store or ios store.








						4. how do play the songs?
					




you have to download the songs and unzip it.








						5. how do i keep the songs safe, backup?
					




to keep a safe backup of songs, use external hard drives, usb drives, cloud storage, or network-attached storage (nas). organize your music collection, create redundancy with multiple backup methods, and regularly check and update your backups for added security.








						6. what bible translation is used for the scripture songs?
					




all songs are from the kjv - king james version.








						7. can i use the music for internet sharing and use?
					




these are songs that you can share online.

1. ss i 23.every good gift james 1:17-20
2. ss ii  2. the lord is my light  ps. 27:1,3,4,7,10,14
3. ss iii 3. ye shall not need to fight ii cronicles 20:17,15
4. ss iv 1. some trust in chariots  ps. 20:7,8
5. ss v   1. yes call master and lord  john 13:13-16
6. sots  14. shepard of the sheep
7. soz    10. when the lord turned again
8. sos    3. set me as a sea
9. th   10. where are the reapers
10. cth  1. i want to be like jesus
11. thwp  1. blessed assurance
12. lh        8. arts alinu  we have come to the land









						8. can the music be used in church?
					




yes, of course and at other gatherings.













what people are saying
about bible songs



                            "i have about 50 bible song albums in my collection, from searching all over the internet, and your bible songs are by far the best." la


                            “i just absolutely love your music. i think it is the best kept secret in the christian community. i can’t say enough good things about it. i am telling everyone i know.”  pa


                            these are my very, very, favorite cds. i have bought other music and was usually disappointed. when i heard these i knew i found what i was looking for. thank you so much.”     tx

this is the most beautiful music i have heard. i sense the holy spirit when i play them. they really make me relaxed and calm. thank you. nj

my family loves bible songs i-v. i hope you do more in the future. they are the best bible songs we have found. well done. mo

we love your music! thank you.” ca



more















phone
403-789-2000



email
contactbiblemusic






bible music















copyright ©  all rights reserved.
































