




empowered.org | mobilize your cause


























































about 
pricing 
login 

sign up


new users
new orgs
contact us

















 fundraise. mobilize. empower.


online fundraising solutions for international organizations.




apply today
















how empowered works
                                managing your organization and mobilizing your network made simple























features you won't find anywhere else











online fundraising made free

                                                option to pass on all processing fees to
                                                supporters and receive 100% of contributions
                                            









built for scale

                                                grow from one team to thousands of groups
                                                taking action for your cause. multi-level administration and reporting throughout.
                                            











global reach

                                                    open to organizations in 190 countries.
                                                    hundreds of currencies and payment types accepted directly to your bank account.

                                                









fly for good

                                                    pay with empowered! we provide you with a system to purchase humanitarian airfare with donations.
                                                

















some of the smartest organizations fundraise on empowered
                                

























 find your org!



 






 what makes empowered different?
                                    our platform grows with you!








customization to make the page your own

                                empowered.org recognizes that organizations want to keep their branding, and we seek to provide as much of an opportunity of organizational branding as possible. we work with you to set a budget and timeline expectations for such customizations.
                            

multi-level branding
variety of themes to choose from
organization, group and initiative logos
customizable naming conventions and signup forms












lowest transaction fees and setup costs

                                straightforward pricing with no catches or gimmicks. we seek to provide the lowest transaction fees and setup costs so that the money raised by your organization is being optimized towards your mission. to do so, we also provide the option to pass the transaction fee onto the donor so your organization is not affected, and keeps the full dollar amount of a donation. so what does this mean? free fundraising!
                            

3.5% +$0.30 flat transaction fee for credit/debit
$1 flat transaction fee for e-checks
free tool to upload checks manually
no monthly/set-up fees for basic customization











                                ready to start mobilizing for your cause?
                            


 apply now !












empowered
about
values
faq
our team
contact us





organizations
find your org
pricing plans
apply





get connected
blog
facebook
twitter













                                © 2014 global brigades ventures | all rights reserved | privacy policy | terms of use 
                                using this site constitutes acceptance of the terms of use.
                                













































