







jills studio of dance - home
























































(256) 883-1633 | info@jills.com | my account 































                                        home                                                            





                                        faculty                                                            







                                        director                                                            





                                        faculty & staff                                                            









                                        studio news                                                            





                                        studio info                                                            







                                        general info                                                            





                                        about the studio                                                            






                                        top 50 studios                                                            









                                        classes offered                                                            






                                        preschool classes                                                            









                                        studio calendar                                                            





                                        master classes                                                            





                                        showcase                                                            









                                        company dancers                                                            







                                        company dancers photos                                                            





                                        competition results                                                            






                                        2015 - 2016                                                            









                                        company dance nationals                                                            





                                        student news                                                            









                                        contact                                                            






 



















student news

jill's studio of dance is known for excellence in dance. read our latest student news here...read more










twitch

choreography and master classes with twitch!










preschool classes

have you preschooler experience the benefits of dance...health, self-esteem and social skills!...read more










top 50 studios

jsd named "top 50 studios on the move" by dance spirit and dance teacher magazine...read more








 

















					register now for preschool classes			



registering now for preschool classes! we offer classes for dancers beginning at age 2.please visit the classes offered page for details.
have your preschooler experience the benefits of dance... health, self-esteem, and social skills!

improves physical health by increasing flexibility, balance, coordination, stamina, and overall fitness
promotes self-confidence and encourages children to foster a more positive, cooperative attitude
develops socialization and communication skills by teaching self-control and peer interaction




 



 







					rising stars			



rising stars ballet & tap combo and acro classes are the perfect intro to dance for your 5 year old! inquire today by emailing us at this email address is being protected from spambots. you need javascript enabled to view it..







					preschool-k 2024			



register now for ballet & tap combo or acro classes for ages 3, 4, & 5! spots are limited. email this email address is being protected from spambots. you need javascript enabled to view it.for class availability.







					tutus & 2's			



this 30 minute "mommy & me" beginning dance class is perfect for your little one! explore creativity through music, singing and movement. complimentary classes available, email this email address is being protected from spambots. you need javascript enabled to view it. for availability. 







					adult jazz cardio			


 
all new adult jazz cardio - 6 week classes! register here for the full session or a drop in class!it's time to work up energy for the holidays!! this hour long class will meet weekly at 7:30 pm and is for adults ages 16 & up of all levels; anyone that wants to move, dance, sweat and simply have the best hour of their whole week!! the cost for the 6 weeks is $55 or $10 for a drop in class. we promise - you will love it! 










					molly long			





					read more: molly long








					randi & hefa 2024			





					read more: randi & hefa 2024








					talia favia 2024			





					read more: talia favia 2024











					shannon mather 2024			





					read more: shannon mather 2024








					summer camps			





					read more: summer camps








					summer classes 2024			





					read more: summer classes 2024











					ignite			





					read more: ignite








					shannon mather 2023			





					read more: shannon mather 2023








					elevate			





					read more: elevate









			page 1 of 6		

start
prev
1 2 3 4 5 6 next
end














welcome to jill's studio of dance
jill's studio of dance began in 1995. since that time, our goal has been to give our students the best in dance education through our teaching, training, and love of the art. through the results we have had at many dance competitions, performances, and the successes of individual students, we feel that we are reaching our goal. we believe our record speaks for itself, and we are proud of our students' accomplishments. we consistently win first-place awards and overall awards in competitions both regionally and nationally. this dance year was no exception...read more
 

















celebrating 30 years of dance excellence! an award winning studio that offers tap, jazz, ballet, pointe, acro, contemporary, hip-hop and preschool.
 



 
 



 


 






preschool classes





 


scout guide





we have been scouted! we are so excited to be a part of the second edition of scout guide huntsville!

















copyright © 1995-2015 jill's studio of dance, inc. site designed by creative community design studio 












username



password



secret key 




remember me





 



			forgot your password?



			forgot your username?










