



history of fluorine, fluoride and fluoridation







(c) peter meiers, saarbruecken, germany











the history of fluorine, fluoride
				and fluoridation





          
				

the discovery of fluoride
				and fluorine 

hearing of "fluorine"
				or "fluoride" most people now think instantly of
				dentistry, of dental caries or the different ways of fluoride
				application to prevent that disorder. but these terms are not
				inventions of dentistry, nor was the use of fluorides originally
				in any way related to that profession. ...-- [deutsch]
								

---




fluoride research in the 19th
				and early 20th century










in the
				19th century, research on fluoride and its occurrence in teeth
				and bones was carried out by physicians and chemists in europe
				while the dental profession was still not organized as we know it
				today. the analytical methods of the time were quite limited and
				the results rather controversial. thus, the early recommendations
				to take fluoride pills to prevent dental caries were based on
				anything but sound science and -then already- subject to heated
				debates...  more




---

the birth and rise of
				american dentistry 

while some physicians dedicated considerable
				time to dental research, the medical profession as a whole
				apparently neglected the treatment of dental disorders
				which they regarded as rather superficial troubles of short
				duration and very rarely life-threatening. therefore, dental
				treatments were also performed for a long time by so-called
				"craftsmen" . in 1859, the latter organized the
				american dental association. the new profession approached a
				certain scientific status due to research on mottled teeth ...
				more


---




				   
				







zahnfluorose

 ("mottled teeth")

infolge fluorid-ãœberdosierung 
								wã¤hrend der zahnentwicklung












(source:  babiuk)




   
				
     ---




mottled teeth - the f. s. mckay era
				of dental research 

when dentist frederick sumner mckay moved to
				colorado springs, in 1901, he noticed on the teeth of most of the
				natives strange discolorations, "colorado brown stain"
				as the local people used to call it after the most prominent and
				disturbing feature of the affliction. also from a hygienic point
				of view the teeth were in a deplorable condition, as opposed to
				certain anecdotes ... more


---




a new water supply for oakley, idaho


not colorado springs but oakley, idaho, was
				the first community to change its water supply solely to get rid
				of a disfiguring dental problem. itâ´s some of the inhabitants
				and a caring director of public health who deserve the highest
				respect for the responsible action taken. they did the right
				thing but the cause of the trouble was still unknown, despite
				some animal experimentation ... more


---




the bauxite story - a look at alcoa










in 1931,
				h. v. churchill, a chemist at the research laboratories of the
				aluminum company of america (alcoa), new kensington, announced
				the find of fluoride in the water of areas where people had
				mottled teeth. this discovery came as a surprise, for the company
				became involved when some facts pointed to aluminium as a
				possible cause of the trouble. ...  
more




---




what they say about how fluoridation
				started 

"... a strong uproar was heard when this
				was released and people wanted all fluorine out of their water.
				but later tests concluded that communities with high levels of
				fluorine in their drinking water suffered less dental cavities."
				... more


     




the u. s. public health service (usphs)
				initiates dental research  
				

when henry trendley dean, dds, was transferred
				to the us public health service head quarters in washington,
				d.c., for a study of the distribution of mottled enamel and to
				find economic means for its prevention, he had already shown his
				research capabilities: in 1929 he presented before the american
				dental association's research commission his analysis of fifty
				cases of fractures of the mandible. he had also been part of a
				team that investigated, between 1929 and 1930, the health effects
				of radium dial painting (results published in 1933).  ...
				more


   




h. t. deanâ´s special
				epidemiology of mottled teeth


the "very mild" category described
				by dean in 1934 shows "no brown stain" while according
				to the 1935 and 1938 descriptions brown stain is "rarely
				observed" and "faint" (as it was in the "mild"
				category described in 1934); in 1942, "brown stain"
				appears only in the descriptions of the "moderate" and
				"severe" categories. ... more
				-----


    




fluoride safety studies: bartlett
				-cameron vs. newburgh-kingston


somehow it was to be expected that mottling
				and staining of the teeth would not be the only toxic effect of
				fluoride, though this was apparently the only one within the
				scope of dentistry. after the examination, in february 1932, of a
				group of children in minonk, illinois, henry trendley dean wrote
				in his report to the surgeon general: "following the minonk
				examination, a new phase of this question seems ripe for further
				study. is mottled enamel merely an oral manifestation of a
				general toxicity, or something similar?" ... more


---


david b. ast: the 
			newburgh-kingston caries fluorine study -  
meeting minutes of the newburgh 
			fluoridation study committee (.pdf):
-
			meeting of 
			april 24, 1944   -
			meeting of 
			august 3, 1944   -
			meeting of 
			feb. 28, 1946   
-
			meeting of 
			feb. 17, 1947    -
			meeting of 
			dec. 15, 1949    -
			meeting of 
			nov. 20, 1950    
-
			meeting of 
			nov. 6, 1952     -
			meeting of 
			sept. 15, 1954    -
			meeting of 
			may 28, 1956
 
unethical fluoride
				tests in massachusetts 

the "sunday cape cod times" of
				january 2, 1994, claims under the headline "mentally
				retarded children given fluoride before legal" that, in the
				1940â´s, the massachusetts public health department recommended
				to the legislature that fluoridation be studied at some state
				institutions, including schools for mentally retarded ..more


---




fluoridation chemicals


sodium fluoride, sodium fluosilicate and
				(hydro)fluosilicic acid are not the only compounds used for water
				fluoridation. late in the 1950â´s, franz j. maier and ervin
				bellack, of the u.s.p.h.s., developed a "fluorspar
				dissolver" which yields a concoction very similar to wayne
				whiteâ´s "flural": fluoroaluminates... more


---




the history of sodium monofluorophosphate










sodium
				monofluorophosphate was for the first time prepared in 1929 by
				willy lange, a privatdozent at the friedrich-wilhelms-
				university of berlin. his search for ways to prepare the free
				monofluorophosphoric acid led lange to derivatives that soon
				would become known as nerve agents. upon heating silver
				monofluorophosphate with methyl or ethyl iodide lange and one of
				his ph.d. students, gerda von krueger, prepared the corresponding
				dialkyl monofluorophosphates which exerted a strong action on the
				authors. lange felt these compounds might be useful for pest
				control and offered them to i. g. farben industry for evaluation.
				but the company apparently had no interest at that time. within
				two years i. g. farben changed its mind and began its own
				developmental program - with gerhard schrader. ...  
more




---




fluoride in dental fillings


after clinical observations and animal
				experimentation it became soon obvious "that silicate
				cements exert a harmful effect on the dental pulp. that this
				damage must be attributed to the irritating qualities of silicate
				cement and not to the operative procedures of cavity preparation
				is apparent." ...more


---












weiterfã¼hrende literatur:
				books, booklets, special issues, collections


a list of books, booklets, special journal
				issues, and collections of papers compiled for those who want
				more info on the history of fluoride and fluoridation. 

how about a thesis on "fluoride and the
				history of dentistry in the united states, ca.1900 to 1950"
				written in 2013? ...more


---     
								




				   
				
how i became interested
				in fluoride 

in a tv discussion on fluoride a dentist
				vehemently defended the application of fluoride tablets to babies
				for caries prevention, but as soon as the cameras went off he
				told me: "mr. meiers, in a few years us dentists will ask
				â´how could we have ever gotten involved in this fluoride
				matterâ´". ... [deutsch]
								

 




lists
				of fluoride-related patents




				     
				
[-access
				to patents-]

historic ingestable
				dental fluoride preparations

early medical fluoride
				preparations

fluorides in fillings &
				sealants

early fluoride
				dentifrices

tin fluoride dentifrices

monofluorophosphate
				- and its relation to nerve agents research

fluorides for water
				softening

defluoridation

fluoridation chemicals

rat poison &
				insecticides

fluoride generated in
				phosphate processing

fluoride for
				aluminum production

fluoride for aluminum
				cleaning

elemental fluorine
				   [deutsch] 
				
hydrogen fluoride

fluorides for washing
				and laundering

freons ( cfcâ´s )

teflon (ptfe)

fluorides in the
				semiconductor techn.

--- 




whoâ´s
				who in fluoride history




				   
				
karl erhardt
				(pdf-file!)
albert deninger
				(pdf-file!)
weston a. price

gerald j. cox

charles f. kettering, the
				freons, and "dental caries"

borrow dental milk fdt.

willy lange

 ---




acute
				and chronic fluoride toxicity




				   
				
fluoride tablets kill
				jason burton (2)

fluoride tablets fatal to
				daniel huala

lethal "routine"
				treatment for william kennerly (3)

dental newsgroup
				discussion of lethal intoxications

---




external
				history links




fluoridation and
				cancer: how the york team evaluated a serious issue

fluoride court
				decisions

---




notes,
				news, and comments




				   
				
dental
				caries and fluoride - second thoughts in view of recent evidence
				from germany [pdf]
1927 - 1979

salt fluoridation

fluoride
				news

the
				fluoride deception

fluoride
				poisoning

---




more
				fluoride websites / groups




poison 
				fluoride
"fluoride"
				- the journal

fluoride
				issues

fluoride
				in occupational medicine

fluoride-free
				fairbanks
fluorid-information
				des hygeia-verlags
    
				
   ---




- all files are continuously
				updated as more material is evaluated -- 

(c) peter meiers
				- http://www.fluoride-history.de -  
[imprint
				/ contact] -- stand: 7. mã¤rz 2024




     


the copyright for any material created by the
author is reserved. any duplication, translation, or use of objects
such as diagrams, sounds or texts in other electronic or printed
publications is not permitted without the author's written agreement.
the contents of this page are the results of many years of research.
citations taken from it should therefore be properly referenced by
its source!
  


das copyright fã¼r verã¶ffentlichte, vom autor
selbst erstellte objekte bleibt allein beim autor der seiten. eine
vervielfã¤ltigung, ãœbersetzung, oder verwendung solcher grafiken,
tondokumente, videosequenzen und texte in anderen elektronischen oder
gedruckten publikationen ist ohne ausdrã¼ckliche schriftliche
zustimmung des autors nicht gestattet. die inhalte dieser seite sind
das ergebnis langjã¤hriger recherchen. es sollte deshalb
selbstverstã¤ndlich sein, entnommene zitate mit entsprechender
quellenangabe zu versehen!


