








barnett crossbow suppliers xbows home page






home page
sunnycott
isle of wight self catering holidays




 
home compound bow co001 barnett crossbow and xbow links new products added this month include barnett range of pistol crossbows plcr004 recurve plcr003 recurve crossbow with flexible butt pistol bolts barnett compound crossbows plre001 recurve bow 18lb quiver arm guard and arrow rest compound crossbow 150lb draw self cocking pistol crossbow croo2b replacement strings cords barnett crossbows trade pricing new generation barnett crossbow search engine self catering holidays new page 2 barnett crossbow contact page black widow and diablo slingshots self cocking pistol cr002b crossbow barnett ranger crossbows barnett recurve crossbows pld016 aluminium arrow 30 pld008 17 pld011 14 barnett xbow extras laser pointer for crossbows, rifles  pl2001a light compound bow plco002 crossbow strings barnett commando crossbows barnett bows and arrows new page 3




set your sights on the world of barnett - the leading manufacturer of crossbows,
slingshots and archery equipment. founded in the heart of industrial england traditional
skills have been boosted by cutting edge technology to produce a range of products
second to none - anywhere in the world. continued research, investment and development of unique innovations and concepts have enabled barnett to lead the industry
into the new millenium and beyond. the new barnett power bows offer the match or field
shooter a choice that is unparalleled in the world of crossbow shooting. add to this the host of standard features that barnett incorporate into
their bows, and you have a crossbow that has the potential to become a winner in it's own right barnett international
products featured in this world catalogue are patented
or hold copyright; infringement of such will result in legal action. certain models illustrated are not available in some countries - your barnett
dealer/a gent will be happy to advise on availability. many of the models illustrated in the catalogue are shown with optional accessories.


compound crossbow 150lb draw  plcr001
special offer save £50 now only
£148.75 while stocks last!!!

 

detachable limb system
ambidextrous stock
slide adjustable fore grip
ambidetrous safety catch
high density aluminium extruded track for consistent arrow tracking
ultra light trigger
'red dot sight
scope rails with micro click adjustable range setting
rear long range peep sight, adjustable focal length

this top of the range crossbow measures 80x66cm and has a 150lb draw weight.
fitted foot claw.
top quality polished wooden effect stock with safety catch and adjustable
scope rails. 

 
laser pointer pl2001a
good quality laser beam for use on crossbows rifles  etc
puts an actual red dot on the target.

supplied in a velvet case complete with barrel/scope mounts and suitable
allen keys.
laser operates on one cr123a lithium battery (supplied) the laser body
measures 70mmx20mm. the laser is turned on and off with a small rubber push
switxh on one end. wave length 650-670nm, output <1mw
unit should fit scopes/barrels from 17mm-26mm





detachable limb system: this is an exclusive patented feature to all barnett
compound crossbows. a quick detach slide unlocks the clamp claws for disassembly in seconds.
the bow then becomes compact
to store and convenient to carry. no matter how many times you
use this feature the sights will not be affected - you will get perfect alignment - every time. 






analogue scope adjustment: fitted as standard on all barnett new generation crossbows
this patented programmable range setting system is a simple and effective way of adjusting your optical scope, red dot or
laser sight. no more guessing with instant adjustment for any pre-set range. 






roller guides: another feature exclusive to the new
generation commando's '99. the roller guides ensure that the
string is self - aligned in the exact same position - every time -
as they engage the string at its natural cocking centre. the rollers
are buffed to a super smooth finish which ensures extra long string
life. high quality materials and precision construction will provide a
lifetime of trouble free use.







break-action cocking: an exclusive feature to the
'new generation' commando's '99. the standards of accuracy and
dependability by which crossbows were measured are changed
forever with easi - load. the mechanics of the break - action
eliminate all chance of cocking the bow off centre, the result -
the most accurate production crossbow ever built


 







wireless  cctv cameras 
innovations  store 
wireless  cctv cameras 
inkjet cartridges wireless  
cctv cameras innovations  
store air rifles and bb 
guns velosolex
   crossbows
mamod steam engines
cop cctv  
vitamins  software
toner cartridges
watches
pumps
radar detectors
homecctv
gamo guns   
night vision  magic 
and games herbal 
highs bull 
electrical flybird 
optical bikes & scooters

optical store  

hydroponics store software 
store   
vacuum store   
auction site   
premium bonds   holiday 
homes  pmr radios
spy shop  
sticky labels  tinplate 
toys spanish 
golf villa    marc 
james sheds
sunnycott
seeds
stirling engines
bullgroup
lockpicks 
paint guns
gamo 
wilesco steam 
century lighting
viking ebikes 
fag pack 
viking bikes
biri  beedies
bidi 
121villas yellowmaps
herbal kick 
spain forum 
spain-forum 
forum spain
france forum 
forum france
france forum
blue seal 
13a nutrition
holswap
webcam 
a1guns solar
bullmall
fishpaste
optics
flowmiser
gissowatt 
magnofuel
payment page
lockpicks
pccorner
prizefinder 
pinkjets
radargun
radarguns
ragabone
stickylabels
tin plate toys
seemans
seemens
scratchings
sicce 
siemen siemenssolar
slips
veronica-kits
web-camera
toypen 
urlsales sunnycott
easy-sales-pro
allwinds
bullmall 
fagpack a1solar
seemens 
etiltd 



