











home | pacific lumber inspection bureau



































































 
















skip to content









linkedinfacebook 

ask the inspectornewsfaqsjoin plibcontact uslinkedinfacebooklogin 



 









 






lumber grading & marking lumber inspection & grade stampingce markingon-demand inspectionsconsultingproduct certification ispm 15 wood packagingglulamcross-laminated timberwildland urban interface (wui)heat treatmentmsr lumberstructural glued lumberwood trussesresponsibly sourcedresources publicationscalculatorshelpful linksabout about plibhistoryaccreditationssustainabilityboard of directorseducation & trainingcareer opportunitiesmember directoryaitc 


search for:














 






loading...







member-driven non-profit 













a trusted industry partner since 1903 













serving producers in theu.s., canada, and europe 













unmatched inspection andcertification services with competitive pricing 













accredited. experienced. diligent. 













“when there are two parties to a bargain, it is only reasonable that the interests of both should be protected” 



– f.w. alexander, first plib secretary-manager (1903-1941) 
















homewayne2024-09-25t14:35:31-07:00

founded in 1903, pacific lumber inspection bureau (plib) is a non-profit, accredited lumber and wood products inspection and certification agency. plib provides lumber-grading and grade-stamping services to the lumber industry along with a wide range of other inspection and certification services for related wood-products manufacturers including heat treatment, wood packaging, ce marking, wui, glulam, cross-laminated timber, and wood trusses.
in january 2019, plib merged operations with the west coast lumber inspection bureau (wclib) and with it, the american institute of timber construction (aitc), retaining both the wclib and aitc trademarks. with the merger, plib added glulam and cross-laminated timber quality-control certification to its list of signature services and expanded coverage into the southern united states and europe.
headquartered in federal way, washington, with offices in canada and europe, plib operates throughout much of north america as well as the wood producing regions of europe. call us at 253.835.3344 (u.s.) or 604.732.1782 (canada) or contact us via email to learn more about what plib can do for you.
accreditations
plib is accredited by the american lumber standards committee (alsc), the canadian lumber standards accreditation board (clsab), and the international accreditation service (ias). plib also has memorandums of understanding with the usda animal plant health inspection service (aphis) and is recognized by the canadian food inspection agency (cfia).
 plib writes and maintains standard no. 17 grading rues for west coast lumber and the export r-list grading and dressing rules and is recognized by both alsc and clsab as an approved inspection agency for most established sets of lumber grade rules used in the u.s. and canada:

plib/wclib rules
nlga rules
ris rules
wwpa rules
spib rules (portions)

alsc and clsab accreditations include glued and machine graded lumber (msr and mel) and heat-treated (ht) lumber.
in addition to north american domestic grade rules, plib has a long history of supporting overseas export lumber trade by providing supervisory services for other international grades and standards including:

ce marking (european union)
aqis certification (australia)
british standard 4978 (uk)
cfla jps 1 (formerly known as the japan e 120 rule)
ht certification (required by many foreign countries)







recent news


now available! standard grading rules no. 18, 2024 edition


remembering bradley (brad) e. shelley


fritch mill member spotlight


2024 osu lumber drying workshop


2024 lumber quality institute workshops


 

quicklinksnews
join plib
member directory
grading rules & resources
ispm 15 wood packaging
aitc/glulam
careers
survey reports
 
 
 





quicklinksjoin plib
member directory
lumber inspection & grading
ispm 15 wood packaging
education & training
aitc/glulam
technical information
accreditations
pay membership dues
pay an invoice
survey reports
 




u.s. office - 
253.835.3344
1010 south 336th street #210
federal way, wa 98003
canadian office - 
604.732.1782
p.o. box 19118 vancouver
british columbia v6k 4r8 

 
 
 





		copyright ©2020 pacific lumber inspection bureau (plib). all rights reserved. privacy policy. terms of use 

 
 
 
 


 
 














ask the inspector









































 



go to top





