














american grassfed association | americangrassfed













































































 


 


























"*" indicates required fields

sign up for our free newsletter*


  


























 
 join aga
 get certified
donate



for producers

membership
aga standards
ruminant & swine  inspectors
aga dairy inspectors
become an inspector
aga inspector forms
aga approved products
become aga certified
annual membership renewal


for consumers

grassfed the healthy choice
find a producer near you
grassfed recipes
aga approved products


resources & media

from our aga youtube
check out aga’s podcast
aga blog
news &  press
collaborative organizations
resources for producers


about us
marketplaces

aga store
cafe press store
aga classifieds


 






select page


  
 



 



 













 
 
 



are you ready to join american grassfed association?

 
 
 



watch the video and find out why producers love american grassfed association. join hundreds of producers that proudly display the american grassfed logo on their products. 
our seal has been rated as excellent by consumer reports and our network of grassfed consumers includes tens of thousands of americans across the nation. join aga today and see why so many producers are choosing our trusted label.

 
 
 


i'm ready to become aga certified

 

inquire about an aga product approval

 
 
 




our mission
 
american grassfed association (aga) is a producer-founded and run non-profit organization that supports american family farms and ranchers through certification, advocacy, education and other programs.
from the farm to the marketplace and in government policy, we support, advocate, and promote american grassfed and pasture-based farms and ranches. we do so by:

maintaining a credible, transparent national standard for animals humanely raised on pasture
partnering and collaborating to support rural economies 


 
 
 
 





consumers trust

 

our grassfed standards

 
learn more

 
 
 






 
 
 
 




what we do


 
 
 
 






certification program

our certification program requires producers to meet a stringent set of standards and pass regular third-party, on-farm inspections to remain aga certified producers. to learn more, visit our certification page.


 
 
 




market support


we provide aga certified producers with the aga logo, trademark, service mark and/or design mark for use on labels and other marketing materials.


 
 
 




education


through conferences, ranch days, publications and other outreach efforts, aga works with producers, chefs, and consumers to bridge the gap between pasture and table.


 
 
 
 





policy

aga works directly with legislators and the usda in conjunction with other likeminded organizations to establish farm policy that supports american grassfed producers and family farms.


 
 
 




partnerships


aga forms alliances with other organizations that share our values in the grassfed food production and regenerative agriculture movements to give a voice to american grassfed ruminant, dairy and pastured pork producers.


 
 
 
 
 







 
 
 
  
  
 
 







want to be a certified producer? join aga



 
 
 







 




 









 



american grassfed association
945 s birch st
box 461090
denver, co 80246
phone: 877-774-7277
donate
join our board












  home
aga membership
become aga certified
find a producer near you
aga approved products
about us
aga standards
ruminant & swine inspectors
aga dairy inspectors
board member’s portal
  contact us
news & press
aga inspector forms
grassfed research
grassfed recipes
collaborative organizations
aga store
cafepress store
classified
events
    
 


copyright © 2025   |   american grassfed association  |   all rights reserved 




 

 
 
 






 



 



x





































































skip to toolbar

about wordpresswordpress.orgdocumentationsupportfeedbacksearch

notifications 




