

ribtect - karting vest - seat - rib protector - chest protector - seath mounting kit















 












  

















 ribtect seat mounting kit



rib saving bolt kit



the most complete and unique seat mounting kit on the market










 






 the ribtect 4 vest



improved out panels, made in the usa



improved protection and higher impact


















 ribtect chest protectors



sfi approved spec 20.1/1 and 20.1/2



wka and ikf approved






















 ribtect-carbon fiber seat



carbon-fiber / fiberglass construction



comfortable hand-crafted shape












 ribtect fiberglass seat



made from composite fiberglass



same shape as the carbon-fiber version













 the original ribtect vest



custom tailored, custom fit 



adjustable chest and shoulder straps














ribtect founder robby mott split time between texas and california as a child. in the early '80s he was introduced to karting and kart racing...
                              
more about robby






ribtect racer takes top honors at 2012 spring nationals in phoenix, az





robby mott wins at the 2011 las vegas skusa supernationals























view a fun video displaying the ribtect line of safety karting products.
















 







safety rib vests - chest protectors - race kart seats
			safety gear and products for high-speed motor sport related activities... sprint, shifter 
			and road racing karts, gp moto and motocross, atvs, snowmobiles, fun carts & more. 
			





ribtect safety vest — protective rib vest
			the ribtect safety vest, also referred to as a rib protector vest, is a quality piece of safety equipment designed to function for the racer. the vest is custom tailored using stress-relieved polypropylene modules and cordura material. adjustable chest and shoulder straps provide a comfortable fit.
			» more info...



ribtect 2 carbon-fiber safety vest — new
			the ribtect 2 rib protection vest is an upgraded version of the original ribtect vest. the design is new and exciting and it features a formed and tooled carbon fiber panel design that is made to flex around the driver for better protection and comfort. it is made of real carbon fiber and is backed with fiberglass, not just some product that resembles carbon fiber.
			» more info...





ribtect carbon-fiber & fiberglass race kart seats
			the ribtect go-kart seat is constructed with carbon fiber / fiberglass, utilizing a comfortable hand crafted shape. two 6" strips of uni-directional carbon fiber form an x-pattern in the shifter kart / sprint kart seat, for extra flexibility and greater launch out of the turns.
			
			utilizing the same design elements as the original ribtect racing kart seat, a few minor modifications have been implemented, in order to offer a more cost effective seat. with the same theory of comfort and shape, we have created a composite fiberglass version, to help offset some of the costs of carbon fiber. 
			» more info...



ribtect youth chest protector
			the ribtect children's chest protector is the latest addition to the ribtect product line. the chest protector for kids is a high quality piece of safety equipment designed to protect the motocross, go-cart and atv racer. the ribtect sm-1 chest protector was tested to the sfi 20.1 specification for go-kart chest protectors, for 5-8 year old drivers. we also offer the sm-2 chest protector for 9-15 year old drivers.
			» more info...










copyright © 2022 ribtect, inc.
home | products | dealer list | galleries | company info



dhtml web menu by opencube




