







        michigan flywheelers museum – preserving and protecting antique flywheel engines and tractors.


















































 









skip to content




search for:









        michigan flywheelers museum


menu
about us
museum tours/hours
events
black river railroad
barn and church rental information
get involved
memberships
support the museum
who to contact
in the news
ant. engine/tractor show information
flea market information
other area museums







preserving and protecting antique flywheel engines and tractors.








the michigan flywheelers museum is a 501(c)(3) organization of volunteers dedicated to the restoration and preservation of antique gas/steam engines and tractors. located on over 80 acres, the museum features displays of old farm machinery, a sawmill, shingle mill along with “olde town” – a 1920s era community filled with businesses like over the hill forge  blacksmith shop, pearl’s millinery shop, abbert & sons farm machinery repair and old tyme jail. along with the agricultural themed exhibits, a 15 inch railroad encompasses the museum property.
the museum hosts four events every year – farm history day in may, the swap meet in jun, kids lawn tractor day in july and it’s largest event – the antique engine and tractor show in september.

one of the large antique engines that is on display.

the shingle mill is one of many things to see during our antique engine and tractor show.
location
the museum is located 2.3 miles east of south haven and the beautiful shores of lake michigan.
from south haven, take phoenix rd (cr 388)/ exit 20 (i-196) east to 68th street. turn south (right) at the fun park onto 68th. driveway is located on east side (left) about 1/2 mile.
address
06285 68th street,south haven, mi 49090(note that this is not our mailing address)

www.facebook.com/michiganflywheelersmuseum







recent posts




july 29, 2023january 14, 2025 michiganflywheelers@yahoo.com 
ant. engine/tractor show information 


			more posts→









copyright 2017 michigan flywheelers museum 
 



proudly powered by wordpress
 | 
	theme: ixion by automattic. 


 

















