

high sierra rod company - makers of pentagonal (5-sided) bamboo fly rods













welcome to the high sierra rod company web site 
makers of the finest handcrafted split-bamboo fly rods
continuing the tradition of high quality classic split-bamboo fly rods started in 1936 
pentagonal (5-sided) rods are our speciality and we offer more models than anyone!
read why we and others believe pentagonal (5-sided) rods are superior to even sided rods.
please visit our  facebook page 
version 2.0 of our roddna design program is now available!
updated february 2025! click here for currently available rods at pre 2025 prices! 
bamboo rod making classes available
ever wanted to make your own bamboo fly rod? we offer classes in our shop in angels camp, california and can accomodate your schedule. classes are held with only 1 or 2 students, and it takes approximaely 6 days to complete a 2 piece, 2 tip bamboo rod. click here for more information.
 
new! i was inducted into the catskill cffcm rodmaker's gallery this year in recognition of my unselfish work and efforts in expanding and fostering the craft of rodmaking. click the picture for more info:

one of latest rods...

one of our popular signature series fly rods!
 
brookie fly rod review! this is a link to the review of our brookie fly rod 
  published in  fly rod & reel magazine! 
 
we now have our popular "bamboo rod taper design with roddna designer"book available in softcover at a special price!




new! our "bamboo rod taper design with roddna designer" software and book is now available!
click for more info and how to order





 
 

new! interview with larry tusoni 
courtesy of california fly fisher magazine
new! all our bamboo rod series have been updated!
new! we are pleased to announce our latest and most advanced pentagonal
  rod series phi φ. simply the most advanced pentagonal bamboo rods available!
 
our 5th esrg (eastern sierra bamboo rod makers gathering) has been scheduled!
new! roddna version 1.4 has been released!
new! pentagonal alpine models available!
    now with a newly designed  taper and a ammonia treated medium brown color.
  6'9" 4 piece 3/4 weight, 7'3" 4 piece 4/5 weight and 7'9" 4 piece 5/6 weight

here is a 7'3" 4/5 single tip alpine made for a customer in twin brides, montana

here is a 6'9" 3/4 dual tip alpine made for a customer in palo alto, california
new! even more pentagonal signature pentagonal fly rods!
  now you can experience the unique action & feel of our pentagonal (5-sided) fly rods at a substantial savings! we have the best prices and largest selection in the industry.   
read why we and others believe pentagonal (5-sided) rods are superior to even sided rods.
all of our heirloom quality rods are meticulously handcrafted by second generation rod makers in california's  sierra nevada mountains and are designed using an advanced version of our rod design and analysis software (http://www.roddna.com) which enables us to design rods of almost any length, line weight and # sections while preserving a desired feel & action.
if you are a serious fly-fisher isn't it time you experience the exquisite feel and aesthetic beauty of a quality, handcrafted usa made split-bamboo fly rod?
(209) 736-9197 email: info@highsierrarods.com 
specifications subject to change without notice.
    copyright © 1998-2025 high sierra rod company. all rights reserved. 
































































































































































