



ela- electric league of arizona- energy contractor's association



























electricleague of arizona





home
education


mission
heat pump council
electrical
facility maintenance
building operators
facility management
project management

membership

industry memberships
arizona heat pump council
arizona solar council
arizona energy management council
arizona electric council
arizona plumbing council
arizona roofing council
arizona evaporative cooling council
arizona lighting council
arizona appliance council

publications

the electric times
hvacr today
ebuyer's guide

consumer resources
contact us
about us

purpose
history/timeline


 
























grow your business with us!
we have a council membership to meet your needs.click here >>






facility management education
visit edu.elaz.org to register for courses online.click here >>







is this where you are looking?
arizona's energy management industry leaders, doers and observers get the latest news with the electric times and hvacr today.click here >>
















education


we offer a variety of certificates and programs to enrich your knowledge and credentials in your field including hvac, electrical, facility maintenance, and more.learn more >>





membership


ela members enjoy a wide array of benefits including customer referrals, participation in utility programs, cooperative marketing, and special pricing on continuing education.find out how to join >>





publications


ela offers a dynamic trio of publications to keep you informed about important and current issues in the arizona energy community - the electric times, hvacr today, and the buyers' guide.learn more >>









events




9/25-12/5/24


building operators' certificate program
the ela institute invites you to take your managerial skills to the next level. the ela institute presents an educational program leading to a certificate of completion in building operations for managers with total responsibility for multi-facilities, as well as those with single facility responsibility.read more >>






1/14-5/8/25


facility maintenance technician program
this program has been designed by industry educators and practitioners, associated with the electric league of arizona's education department and the arizona heat pump council. upon completion of this 16 week 2 nights a week program, successful students will receive a certificate of completion and master facility maintenance technician patches. (a "c" average or better is required for successful completion.)read more >>






10/16/24


ela 70-electrical safety for commercial/industrial facilities
this full-day class will cover an overview of nfpa 70e including: arc flash & arc blast hazards, flash protection & approach boundaries, hazard risk categories & selection of appropriate ppe. lockout tagout procedures, general electrical safety related to electricity in commercial and industrial facilities. recommended safety practices and osha codes.read more >>









professional development


visit edu.elaz.org to register for courses online.  it is enviromentally friendly. it is secure. register, withdraw, or make payments for a class anytime and anywhere.







what we do





aps qualified contractor program
this is aps' referral and marketing program designed to help businesses grow their customer reach while providing outstanding hvac services.







associations memberships
join the team of energy and electrical companies who are united with ela to better their trade industries.







hvac education
arizona heat pump council has provided quality hvac education since 1985 and has qualified numerous technicians, managers, and business owners through specialized training programs.







electrical education
we provide electrical courses to meet the current industry demands in any residential, commercial, or industrial facility for career enhancement and college credit.







facilities education
we offer full certificate programs and one-day seminars designed for facility management professionals to take their skills to the next level.







hvacr today
this is our premier hvacr publication dedicated to offering local coverage of people, events, and places in the arizona and southwest community.







electrical buyers' guide
search through a comprehensive list of electrical products and find the arizona and las vegas certified manufacturers' representatives.







the electric times
this is our premier electrical publication dedicated to offering local coverage of people, events, and places in the arizona and southwest community.














who we are
the ela mission is to enhance the effectiveness of its membership in promoting the efficient use of electrical energy products and related services.learn more >>







community cooperation


we have a longstanding commitment to our contractors, the energy community, and its customers in providing the best services, programs, and educational opportunities for success and mutual satisfaction.











trade affiliations




our trade affiliations are a vital part of ensuring that the interests of the arizona energy industry and their customers are protected and their benefits are enhanced.



































sign up for updates

sign up


find us


                    2702 n. 3rd street, suite 2020
                    phoenix, az 85004
                  

phone:
1 602.263.9391


e-mail:
info@elaz.org




keep in touch












© electric league of arizona.   terms/privacy policywebsite designed by bg web designs.











