















            updated:7 february 2025


≡

home
paternal merkel fam.

paternal merkel families
iffezheim, germany
langenbrand, germany
other families

barrett
ruf
pfetzer
weber
peter




maternal merkel fam.

maternal merkel fam.
langenbrand
other families

dill
sippel
pabst




other merkel families in rochester

eusebius merkel and maria aspenleiter
martin merkel and maria zoller
lucas merkel and stephanie ruckenbruk
magnus merkel and maria anna fortenbacker
richard merkel and constantine roth
vincent merkel and agnes dres
michael merkel and katherine eiseman
henry merkel and louisa bayer


search - find

surnames
first names
search people
search families
search site
places
dates and anniversaries
calendar
cemetreies
bookmarks


info

what's new
most wanted
reports
statistics
trees
branches
notes
sources
repositories
dna test
contact us


links
make a suggestion
email











welcome to the merkel's of rochester, ny

welcome to the merkel's of rochester, ny i've descended from both paternal & maternal merkel families. this site contains my research on these merkel families as well as a number of other mekel families in rochester that have direct or indirect connections to my merkels. 
you can find information on these other merkel families from the menu at the top of the page.
 this is a link to me






my paternal merkel families 


my paternal merkel line cab be traced back to the late 1600's with joseph merkel from iffezheim, germany. jacob merkel was my great grand father who left iffezheim and came to rochester in 1867. jacob had 11 children in rochester to continue the merkel ancestry.
           jacob's brother, anton, arrived in rochester in 1882. his wife was magdalena weber. the weber's are also from iffezheim, germany. i've followed the weber's back to the 1700's in iffezheim, germany.






my maternal merkel families 

my maternal merkel family begins with valentine merkel born 1789 in langenbrand, germany. valentine merkel arrived in rochester in 1851 along with his entire family. most of his children went on to have large families in the rochester and irondequoit areas. other families on my maternal side that i'm currently interested in are the sippel, pabst and dill families.







other merkel families in rochester

while researching my merkel families in rochester, ny i have accumulated names for a number of people that belong to other merkel families. the families of eusebius merkel and martin merkel also came from iffezheim, germany where my paternal merkel family originated. the research on these families is not complete. i hope it helps anyone researching any of the merkel families from rochester, ny. if you belong to any of these families, i would love to hear from you. if you would like to add any names to these families, please send me an email.







      this site powered by the next generation of genealogy sitebuilding, copyright v. 12.0.3, written by darrin lythgoe 2001-2023.

maintained by john merkel.



