
simx data extraction and processing tools and solutions 





login sign up        productssolutionsdownload/buysupportaboutoverview textconverter ► target suites ► testimonials downloads subscription submit request overview testimonials videos textconverter vs monarch free trial downloads subscription submit your task overview testimonials free trial downloads subscription certificates of analysis hcm data processing purchase orders invoices healthcare replacing monarch 4r testimonials cases submit request products subscription shopping cart my simx videos downloads submit request overview clients contact us data capture &processingsolutions simx offers a number of visual data discovery software tools and solutions for capturing, integrating and mining unstructured data from virtually any sources. simx solutions provide significant savings for customers across many industries including financial, insurance, healthcare, automotive, industrial, commercial, technology, government and more.textconverter - powerful and yet easy to use tool for capturing data from popular document formats including pdf, ms word, excel, html, csv and any text file. data processing suite  - component based data processing automation tool for visual design and management of complex multi-step backend applications. application development suite - comprehensive visual environment for building and maintaining complex web based data processing systems.coa processing automationautomated coa processing from any sources, any formats, any number of suppliers. automated data extraction, matching, and validation. reducing costly manual labor by eliminating manual data entry and its associated errors. facilitating data standardizing, analysis, and sharing of information across the enterprise.hcm data processinghcm data processing system is the fastest and easiest way to standardize all types of hr data. the automated conversion of payroll reports, employee census data, demographics files, and more from any input format to a standardized output of your choosing - isolved, prism, or any proprietary format.replacing monarchlooking for an alternative to monarch software? you are in the right place. replace monarch with our flagship data extraction software textconverter. we will provide the automated conversion of xmod and mod models, conversion guidelines, and the automated verification of conversion accuracy.purchase order processingautomated purchase order extraction, verification, and integration. the solution extracts data from any formats and any locations - emails, web, remote folders, cloud storages, etc. custom business rules, master lists, and integration with the existing systems are supported by the solution. invoice processing systemthe simx invoice processing solution (ips) will take care of automated processing and logging into you erp or any other system of all kinds of documents, including digital and paper scans, delivered via any channel including email, ftp, web and fax. processing healthcare reportsthis solution collects data from a wide range of reports produced by various disparate systems (such as patient care management, coding, accounts receivable, clinical test etc.),and converts it into live data to be manipulated and reused in formats that meet the user’s needs.your tasklet us configure a free sample project for you based on your own specifications.free trialget your 7 day no obligation free trial.request an extension if needed.samplesfind, download and study the relevant sample projects.having been a long time user of monarch, i was skeptical that there could be better software available for performing complex data analysis. after using textconverter for a while, i continue to be amazed at its data extraction and report building capabilities.  kris ernstmanaging directorcornerstone strategic partnerstextconverter is the most powerful application i have ever seen for extracting data from pc documents. any data that is possible to extract can be captured by textconverter because of its powerful logic and ultimate flexibility for this purpose. michael g. montgomerydirector of strategy analyticsuniversity medical center of el pasosmx solutions met the standards to streamline the data transformation processes  importing disparate file formats into various firms’ applications. simx goes above and beyond to exceed client’s expectations and we strongly recommend them as the data processing platform.  brian biggerdirector, application development and bigreenspoon mardermore testimonialsall software products are available for purchasing and subscription in four editions: standard, professional, server, and redistributable. productssolutionssupportdownloadscompanyoverviewoverviewfaqall productsclientstextconverterinvoicesvideostextconvertercareerstarget reportspayrol reportssubmit requesttarget reportsprivacy policytarget suiteshealthcarecontact us return policytestimonialscoa  contact ussamplesvideos   videostestimonials   downloadscase studies   subscriptionsubmit request     copyright (c) simx corporation 2019. all rights reserved.powered by simx target 4