









































services | sustainable stanford


















          skip to main content
        

          skip to secondary navigation
        

stanford university (link is external)






notice
under construction
thank you for your understanding while the site is being renovated. if you need help finding something, please let us know.contact us








stanford

 
sustainable stanford





search this site

submit search



menu
take actionfacility & building managersbuilding managers - energybuilding managers - wasteevent plannersfaculty & stafflab personnellab personnel - energy & waterlab personnel - wastestudentsearth month 2025earth month eventspast sustainability eventswaste sortingprogressclimate actionclimate action planningemissions mitigationzero wastezero waste action planstory libraryyear in reviewliving labresearch partnershipscourse collaborationsstudent positionsambassadorsinternshipsfellowshipsprojects for ay 2025-26projects for ay 2024-25projects for ay 2023-24toursliving lab project repositoryleadershipcommitmentscampus reportssustainable stanford partnersacademicsawardsclimate & energy awardsland & buildings awardswater awardstransportation awardsfood & living awardswaste awardsconnectoffice of sustainabilitysystemsenergyenergy initiativesstanford energy system innovations (sesi)wastewaste servicesrecycling, compost, and landfillspecial collectionreuse & donationeventsfood recoveryconstruction servicespurchasingwaste standardsmaterial recovery & disposalwaterwater initiativessustainable water usefood & livingfood & living initiativestransportationland and buildingsbuilding designland usegreen labsenergy programs and rebatesultra low temperature freezer maintenancegreen chemistrygreen chemistry at stanfordlab wastewater conservation















 



















peninsula sanitary service, inc. (pssi)
serving the stanford community for over 50 years


            contact
          












services







main navigation
skip secondary navigation

secondary navigation

            energy
                      
            waste
                      
            water
                      
            food & living
                      
            transportation
                      
            land and buildings
                      




main content start



 



peninsula sanitary service, inc. (pssi)
peninsula sanitary service, inc. (pssi) and the stanford recycling center is a locally owned and family owned business that provides waste collection, processing, and hauling services to stanford university.  the university partners with pssi to reduce waste, increase landfill diversion, and move closer to zero waste (defined as at least 90% waste reduction from landfill).
pssi offers waste sorting education and training to all groups on campus and regularly partners with staff and student groups to conduct waste audits. these events offer the campus community an experiential learning opportunity while providing valuable data to pssi about the content of campus landfill bins. these audits help stanford to focus its programs for the most significant results.
pssi offers recycling, composting, and landfill collection services, as well as street sweeping, to stanford university campus. in addition, they operate the stanford recycling drop-off center.  pssi is dedicated to the highest quality customer service delivered with pride and professionalism. their staff are ready to help you with your waste issues!
contact customer service at 650-321-4236 or pssi@pssirecycling.com.
interested in working at pssi?  contact them!













    back to top
  









stanford

 
sustainable stanford



        web login
      



address

office of sustainability
560 fremont road
stanford, ca 94305
united states





stanford facebook





stanford instagram





linkedin





youtube






related sites


sustainability, utilities & infrastructure


r&de sustainability


stanford healthcare - sustainability program office


stanford doerr school of sustainability




resources


sign up for our newsletter


submit a story













stanforduniversity (link is external)





stanford home (link is external)

maps & directions (link is external)

search stanford (link is external)

emergency info (link is external)



terms of use (link is external)

privacy (link is external)

copyright (link is external)

trademarks (link is external)

non-discrimination (link is external)

accessibility (link is external)




© stanford university.
  stanford, california 94305.



 





