











home - city of npr





















































opens in new tab or window 






public records request

click here

close this announcement






skip to main content





quick links


contact us



english select this as your preferred languagespanish select this as your preferred languagechinese (simplified) select this as your preferred languagefrench select this as your preferred languageportuguese select this as your preferred languagechinese (traditional) select this as your preferred languagerussian select this as your preferred languagegreek select this as your preferred language



            select a language to translate to
		




english select this as your preferred languagespanish select this as your preferred languagechinese (simplified) select this as your preferred languagefrench select this as your preferred languageportuguese select this as your preferred languagechinese (traditional) select this as your preferred languagerussian select this as your preferred languagegreek select this as your preferred language









					city of new port richey - home - logo
					




menu





search












home



government
sub-menu

city councilsub-menu

citizens academycity managercity clerksub-menu

electionsbid postingsbusiness impact estimatesboards and committeessub-menu

community redevelopment agency (cra)cultural affairs committeeenvironmental committeepolice pension boardfirefighters' pension boardflood risk and emergency preparedness public information committeehistoric preservation boardland development review boardparks and recreation advisory boardlibrary advisory boardmeeting informationtransparencysub-menu

auditbudgetingaccessibility statementcontact ussub-menu

federal, state & local resourcesquick links

departments
sub-menu

economic developmentsub-menu

community redevelopment agency (cra)new port richey main streetfinancesub-menu

accountingbilling & collectionsbudgetingfire departmenthuman resourcessub-menu

careersfunction areashr formsresourcespublic libraryparks and recreationsub-menu

parks and facilitiesrecreation and aquatics centerplanning and developmentsub-menu

flood riskpolice and code enforcementpublic communicationssub-menu

news and announcementscity newslettercity calendarpublic workssub-menu

fleetgrounds and facilities maintenanceproject managementreclaimed watersewer collectionsstormwater utilitystreets and right of way maintenancewater distributionwater productionwater reclamation facilityutilities maintenancepublic works programscity facilitiestechnology solutionssub-menu

gis maps and data

residents
sub-menu

city lifesub-menu

historic landmarksnew port richey main streetprojectsvolunteeringeventsamenitiessub-menu

parks and facilitiespublic libraryrecreation and aquatic centerservicessub-menu

bill paycity trash servicespermitsfaqswater conservation tipswaste collection & recycling informationpublic safetysub-menu

police departmentfire departmentemergency preparednessflood riskannouncementssub-menu

holidaysnews articles

business
sub-menu

developmentsub-menu

planning divisionbuilding divisioncommunity developmentdevelopment permitsgis maps and databids & vendor registrationcurrent projectsstarting a business in the cityguidessub-menu

business grants and incentives programstarting a business in the city

visitors
sub-menu

historic landmarksevents










home




























city calendar




job openings




make a payment




parks & rec




permits and events




public library




public safety




trash collection


updates







new businesses in new port richey
two new shops are now open in downtown new port richey on grand boulevard.








chasco fiesta
save the dates: march 28 - april 5, 2025. join us for the 3rd largest parade in the state!








welcome to the new website from mayor davis
mayor chopper davis is excited to share the new & improved city of new port richey website with you!

city calendar



this element requires javascript to be enabled.please wait while we load this calendar...


news & announcements






19 result(s) found














					upcoming grand blvd. road closure for grand blvd. mup project
				
published on february 10, 2025
		
					beginning tuesday, february 11, 2025, grand blvd., between craft st. and high st., will be closed daily until work in the area is completed for the grand blvd. multi-use path project.   please refer to the map for details of the closure and detour.
				

tagged as: , announcements, community safety, improvement works, media releases, public notices















					city of new port richey to begin demolition of city owned structures
				
published on february 04, 2025
		
					the city of new port richey will begin demolition of the city owned structures located at 5443 main st., 6348 river rd. and 5432 acorn st. on wednesday, february 5, 2025.
				

tagged as: , announcements, community safety, improvement works, public notices









					notice of public hearing for non-ad valorem assessment for solid waste
				
published on february 04, 2025
		
					the purpose of the public hearing is to consider the adoption of a resolution authorizing the city of new port richey, florida to use the uniform ad valorem method of collecting non-ad valorem assessments levied by the city of new port richey, florida as provided in section 197.3632, f.s.
				

tagged as: , announcements, business & economy, community safety, events & activities, health & lifestyle, public notices









					notice of public hearing for solid waste delinquencies
				
published on february 04, 2025
		
					the purpose of the public hearing is to consider the adoption of a resolution authorizing the city of new port richey, florida to use the uniform ad valorem method of collecting non-ad valorem assessments levied by the city of new port richey, florida as provided in section 197.3632, f.s.
				

tagged as: , announcements, business & economy, community safety, events & activities, health & lifestyle, public notices















					public notice: brainstorms hands-on science museum meeting
				
published on january 29, 2025
		
					notice is being provided that brainstormsnpr will be hosting a meeting to discuss the possible future establishment of a unique hands-on family museum on wednesday, january 29, 2025 at 6:00 p.m. at boulevard beef & ale located at 6236 grand blvd., new port richey, florida, 34652.  the mayor and city council members may be in attendance.
				

tagged as: , arts & culture, business & economy, events & activities, public notices















					new businesses in new port richey
				
published on january 27, 2025
		
					two new shops are now open in downtown new port richey on grand boulevard.
				

tagged as: , announcements, business & economy, events & activities















					pasco county to open cold weather shelter
				
published on january 21, 2025
		
					due to the extreme cold temperatures forecasted for our area over the next several days, pasco county will be opening a cold weather shelter located at shady hills mission chapel, 15925 greenglen lane in spring hill at 6pm on tuesday, january 21, 2025. the shelter will remain open until 10am on sunday, january 26, 2025.  for more information, please call (727)856-2948.
				

tagged as: , announcements, community safety, health & lifestyle, public notices















					2025 municipal election qualifying
				
published on january 15, 2025
		
					the 2025 municipal election will be held on tuesday, april 8, 2025. the qualifying period begins at noon on tuesday, february 11, 2025 and runs until noon on tuesday, february 18, 2025. no qualifying documents will be accepted after that time.
				

tagged as: , announcements, media releases, public notices















					aspen st. closure due to grand blvd. multi-use path project constructi
				
published on january 14, 2025
		
					weather permitting, the city of new port richey will begin work on the grand blvd. multi-use path project on wednesday, january 15, 2025.  as part of the project, aspen st. will be closed and will remain closed until the project is completed. for more information on this project, please contact our public works department at (727) 841-4536.
				

tagged as: , announcements, community safety, improvement works, media releases, public notices















					the city of new port richey celebrates arbor day with tree planting
				
published on january 13, 2025
		
					come join us at frances avenue park for the celebration of arbor day on january 17th!
				

tagged as: , announcements, events & activities, honours & celebration, media releases









        page 
1
2








  page 1 of 2





search news






					by phrase or keyword
				


					by category
				

announcements
arts & culture
business & economy
community safety
environment
events & activities
health & lifestyle
honours & celebration
improvement works
media releases
public notices










see more news articles





public meetings


this element requires javascript to be enabled.please wait while we load this calendar...

upcoming events





riverside concert series: the shaelyn band









21
feb
2025

				the shaelyn band is a florida-based group known for blending classic soul, blues, funk, and rock, fronted by singer and poet shaelyn (shae mulberry). this performance will take place in the southwest corner of sims park, near the grassin bridge.
				

sims park, grand blvd & bank st,  34652

tagged as: , music & arts





fourth friday bazaar









28
feb
2025

				the npr fourth friday bazaar is a monthly, evening, outdoor market.
				

50 more dates

tagged as: , community events & fundraisers, markets & popup shops





writers week: local author showcase









22
mar
2025

				the final chapter of writers week features a grand finale — our local author showcase! visit with local authors and illustrators to browse their published works and learn about the inspiration behind their creativity. enjoy readings, conversation, book sales, giveaways, and more.
				

new port richey public library, 5939 main street,  34652

tagged as: , exhibitions & festivals





chasco fiesta









28
mar
2025

				chasco fiesta™ activities include a premier street parade (3rd largest in the state); the second longest-running boat parade; a car, truck and bike show; and more!
				


tagged as: , community events & fundraisers, exhibitions & festivals, kids & family, major events, music & arts, sports, youth events





spring neighborhood cleanup day









17
may
2025

				the city of new port richey will host our spring neighborhood clean-up day saturday, may 17 from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. this bi-annual event allows residents to dispose of unwanted items in dumpsters rented by the city. residents may take their unwanted items to either one of the two locations and properly dispose of them.
				


tagged as: , community events & fundraisers, kids & family










see more events



 


what’s around me?
 enter your street address




back to top








contact us
5919 main street
new port richey, fl 34652
view on map
p (727) 853-1016
 

share & connect
 

like us on facebook




follow us on instagram




follow us on linkedin




get involved
 

news and announcements




volunteering




quick links
 

business




careers




flood information




make a payment




public records request




upcoming events











accessibility | sitemap



                                    © 2025 city of new port richey | powered by granicus














