





educode – knowledge to build on.





























sn-icc
snbo
nobo
educodeknowledge to build on.links || sitemap


home
about us

educode committee
volunteers
history and facts
informational links


conference classes

educode dates
educode course brochure
previous educode programs
registration


instructors

educode instructors
submit a course proposal


continuing education units

description of ceus & pdhs
icc certification renewal process


expo/exhibitor information

expo exhibitors
become an expo exhibitor
educode expo contact


venue information
educode sponsorships

advertisements
sponsorships
contact us


photo gallery
register now
contact us




educode - the premier conference/expo for building professionals
more than 1,400 online students and 1,400 in-person attendee students
more than 50 code-professional instructors
20+ tracks of code classes, including certification testing 
the popular bowling night networking event. sponsored by 4leaf, inc.
daily raffle drawings for valuable prizes, such as code books
more than 40 sponsors on the expo floor
educode 2023 was our 26th educode and we look forward to the 27th in 2024!
educode includes daily breakfast, lunch and refreshments





a message from educode director alan ellis
educode 2025 is once again proud to provide premier education, training and networking for code professionals. thanks to you, our educode participants, the annual educode conference and expo has become one of the best educational events anywhere in the country.
the 2025 educode conference and expo is scheduled for february 24 to february 28 at the orleans hotel and casino conference center in las vegas, nv. 
once again, we are providing in-person and virtual classes to help accommodate the needs of code professionals. we will have separate and different schedules for in-person classes and online classes.
with more than 100 classes, which are all icc preferred provider-approved and many aia certified, educode offers training for building and fire inspectors, plan examiners, permit technicians, code enforcement officers, managers and supervisors, architects, engineers, building officials, students and all code professionals.
educode continues to take your suggestions, comments and needs to ensure your experience is nothing short of exceptional. attendees have numerous opportunities to brainstorm and share ideas, concepts, problems, issues and thoughts with nationally renowned instructors, industry professionals, icc staff and fellow code professionals.
our many networking events are designed to bring together participants, instructors, industry representatives and staff, outside the classrooms, in a relaxes, informal and fun setting to further the educode experience.
the educode team looks forward to meeting everyone, both in person and in the virtual environment, at educode 2025! 

our partners
 

our sponsors


home
educode instructors
faq
registration
venue information
register now
contact us
about us
educode committee
history and facts
informational links
photo gallery

contact us
educode information
contact: educode director alan ellis
174 emerald mountain
henderson nv, 89002
(702) 265-2770
aellis.educode@gmail.com

copyright © 2016 - 2024 educode. all rights reserved.







