



regarding arts





































 


home
books
art
music
screens
theater
video games
































useful links





 craigslist







tweet










music videos

for ears and eyes
judy garland was an amazing talent, unmatched in many ways. want the proof? lend eyes and ears to her singing "somewhere over the rainbow" in a poor quality recording from the ancient days of tv. fabulous. 
gail ann dorsey is fabulous on vocal and bass as she performs "under pressure" with david bowie. she sings the freddie mercury part. 
some guys singing "bad romance." it's so much fun. 
molly bell is amazing. we have a profile of her here in regarding arts, but here's a favorite video of her performing in divas for life. 
lake street dive is a band formed by rachael price, who is a wonderful vocalist. i love this tune, which i heard on a prairie home companion. then i found this video. here's an amazing, beautiful tune from rachel price, "what i'm doing here."
the allman brothers and friends launch themselves into a great bob dylan tune, "it takes a lot to laugh, it takes a train to cry." it's kind of sloppy, but i love the intro.
"laundry room." another from the avett brothers. here is another tune that delves deep into emotion and yearning. 
"while my guitar gently weeps." fabulous band performs in 2004 to honor george harrison upon his posthumous induction into the rock and roll hall of fame as a solo artist. tom petty and the heartbreakers, jeff lynne, steve ferrone, dhani harrison and prince. mike campbell of the heartbreakers does the early solo stuff. prince shows up and takes over.
tim o'brien: "hey, joe," at celtic connections 2009, glasgow scotland.
asylum street spankers: "monkey rag," and "if you want me to love you."
ok go: "this too shall pass." incredible rube goldberg machine video.
willie dixon: "i'm nervous." funny and charming video of the great songwriter, singer and bassist.
john lee sanders: fabulous musician. give a listen to "midnight in new orleans".
  









copyright regarding arts
write to letters@regardingarts.com
advertise in regarding arts


































