





earth island institute






















































search











expand navigation



main navigation



our work 



project support program


our project network

earth island journal

new leaders initiative

earth island advocates
project newsroom
speakers bureau




take action 



sign up for islandwire


become a project


job and volunteer opportunities





about us 



about earth island


who we are


what we do


why we do it


david brower legacy


our people


our reports


40 years





more ways to give 



donate by check


donate stock


wills and planned giving


donate your vehicle


tribute and memorial gifts


employer matching gifts






donate



search














standing up for wilderness and wild places








protecting wildlife and oceans








working with communities locally and globally








supporting a vibrant network of projects to protect our planet

















earth island institute
building a better world through activist projects, legal advocacy, youth leadership, and an award-winning journal
earth island institute is an international environmental organization and fiscal sponsor to more than seventy-five projects working in the areas of conservation, wildlife protection, climate change solutions, women’s environmental leadership, indigenous communities, sustainable agriculture and food systems, community resilience, environmental justice, and more. the organization also includes a legal division, earth island advocates; a youth leadership program, new leaders initiative; and an award-winning magazine, earth island journal. founded in 1982 by legendary environmentalist david brower, earth island institute is one of the leading environmental activist organizations in the united states.














our project support program
supporting environmental projects across the united states and around the globe with financial management, administration, training, and peer learning.


 our project network 
 programs and services 
 become an ei project 

  

project newsroom 


press releases
plastic pollution coalition files “false and deceptive marketing” complaint against makers of fiji water
fiji water is promoted to d.c. consumers as sustainable, natural, and environmentally friendly—despite the product line’s significant and ongoing contributions to plastic pollution and containing microplastics and other harmful substancesfebruary 3rd, 2025
josh floum passes earth island leadership roles to francisco martinez and ariela st pierre
january 14th, 2025
serengeti under siege – a call to the travel industry
december 5th, 2024
more…


in the news
new york’s plastic lawsuit against pepsico has been dismissed. what’s next?
despite the setback, environmental attorneys think similar litigation can succeed elsewhere.grist, november 19th, 2024
revealed: louisiana created alleged conflict of interest in ‘cancer alley’ case
featuring earth island's rise st. jamesthe guardian, august 10th, 2023
native oysters need help coming back to the bay. chickens are pitching in
featuring earth island's wild oyster projectberkeleyside, july 12th, 2023
more…



 



 



earth island journal


an earth island institute news publication.











ferrisjabrexploresearthinterconnectedsystems


                                        
                                            in review: becoming earth: how our planet came to life
                                        

                                    

                                        february 13th, 2025
                                      








whatiffemadidn’texist?


                                        
                                            could states handle the disaster response alone?
                                        

                                    

                                        february 12th, 2025
                                      








what’snextforawarminggulfcoast?


                                        
                                            driven by climate change, ‘tropicalization’ is upending ecosystems that millions of people rely on. 
                                        

                                    

                                        february 11th, 2025
                                      





read more




 

 





earth island advocates


earth island advocates uses the law to fight for justice for the planet’s beautiful and varied ecosystems and inhabitants.
current legal actions











challengingfalseadvertisinginbottledwater


                                        january 31st, 2025
                                      








challengingsedimentremovalprojectinlouisiana'sbaratariabay


                                        january 11th, 2024
                                      








protectingoceansandpeoplefromtoxicchemicaldispersants


                                        july 14th, 2023
                                      





view all current actions






 





new leaders initiative
supporting a new generation of environmental leaders and presenting the premier youth environmental prize in north america, the brower youth award. 


 

2023 bya winners  
 

bya awards event  
 

about our work  





images at the top of this page: picture lake and mount shuksan, north cascades, james patterson/tandemstock; kikuyu farmer near lake bogoria, kenya, scott davis/tandemstock; dolphin off the coast of ixtapa, a pacific coast beach resort in the mexican state of guerrero, christian vizl/tandemstock; a young boy hugging a tree, karine aigner/tandemstock.







sign up to receive islandwire for updates on our work








sign up








0.4257











earth island institute 2150 allston way, suite 460 
                    berkeley, california 94704
                    510-859-9100















search






















contact us


privacy policy




 
                






×






























