   kansas genealogy – kansas genealogy        skip to content




menu jewell countyrussell countycontact us 

kansas genealogykansas genealogy contains information and records for kansas ancestry, family history, and genealogy. specifically, it provides sources for birth records, death records, marriage records, census records, tax records, court records, and military records. it also provides some historical details about different times and people in kansas history.featuredkansas indiansan ongoing study into the early indian tribes of kansas. recently updated with additional information on various tribes which settled or owned land in the kansas territory.ford county kansascitizens, towns, biographies and formation of of ford county.jewell county kansasprovides basic information on several towns of jewell county along with biographies of many of its citizens.russell county kansasa brief account of the formation of the county, and biographies of some of its citizenshistory of kansasan ongoing transcription of history for kansas. taking the reader from the travels of coronado up to the 20th century.kansas biographiesover 2100 biographies specific to kansas in the 19th and early 20th century have been added to a searchable database.new kansas genealogy
1872 first census of barton county, kansasthe names included in this list are those of people who resided in this county in the spring of 1872. the work of securing this information was done by d. n. heizer who now resides at colorado springs, colorado. it was compulsory to get these names before the county could…
aikin / aikins family bible
this bible was first owned by william lindsay aikin/aikins and his wife ann wallace, and then later entries were written in by john bowen aikins or his wife estella mary barton. william was born in montgomery county, penssylvania, and would move his family out to lulu, mitchell, kansas before the…
zion lutheran cemetery, bellefont, ford county, kansaspaul otto israel namepaul otto israelbirth date4 sep 1875death date4 jul 1880age burial date military inscriptionsohn von herrn und frau julius israelcemetery lot:grave :lot owner obituary  paul otto israel william katz infant daughter kregar nameinfant daughter kregarbirth date death date1910age burial date military inscription cemeteryzion lutheran cemeterylot:grave :lot owner obituary  infant daughter kregar carl krumrey namecarl krumreybirth date17 nov 1822death date21 mar 1884age62y…
biography of monroe davis herington
monroe davis herington, the founder of the city of herington, kan., was born in lenawee county, michigan, april 23, 1844, and is a son of david herington. he removed to iowa when ten years of age, and afterward spent thirteen years in linn county, missouri. at the close of the…
the abilene reflector
the reflector, which is edited and published by c. m. harger, was established in abilene in 1883. in may, 1887, a daily edition was added, which has had a continuous and successful existence since. the weekly reflector was an eight-page, seven-column paper, all home print, and the daily, published every…
dickinson county kansas historical newspapersdickinson county was organized, 1859; named for daniel s. dickinson, united states senator from new york; county seat, abilene; area, 851 square miles 544,640 acres; population (1915), 25,339; assessed valuation (1915), $46,182,593; resources and industries agriculture, stock raising brick and pottery clay, and mineral springs. the western news was the…neighboring states colorado genealogy missouri genealogy nebraska genealogy oklahoma genealogysearchsearchsubscribe to kansas genealogyenter your email address to subscribe to kansas genealogy and receive notifications of new posts by email.kansas genealogykansas archives, libraries and historical societieskansas biographieskansas cemeterieskansas census recordskansas church recordskansas court recordskansas databaseskansas directorieskansas historical mapskansas land recordskansas native americanskansas obituarieskansas vital recordskansas genealogy by countyanderson county (1)atchison county (1)barton county (1)butler county (1)clark county (15)cowley county (1)dickinson county (3)ford county (53)franklin county (1)jewell county (19)leavenworth county (1)lincoln county (1)marshall county (1)mitchell county (1)riley county (2)russell county (11)sedgwick county (1)statewide (2)sumner county (71)uncategorized (24)wabaunsee county (19)latest kansas genealogy1872 first census of barton county, kansasaikin / aikins family biblezion lutheran cemetery, bellefont, ford county, kansasbiography of monroe davis heringtonthe abilene reflector
© 2001-2025 kansas genealogy. all rights reserved.pin it on pinterest 
search for:

        




