




 


ont. woodlot assoc. - home



 





log in



donate










 






home




about



our story




chapter profiles




owa team







woodland store




get involved



events




2025 conference




join



single membership




family membership




electronic-membership




student membership







programs



education




forest certification




farm woodlots program




carbon offsets




forest owners' co-op pilots




forest inventory program




project woodland watch




landowner advocacy




student engagement







donate







member resources



woodland 101




owa magazine & library




woodlot marketplace




ask anything forum







subscribe




  




 








home



become a member
helping each other to become the best possible stewards of our woodlands!
find your local chapter and get involved today!

join & renew

ask a question


   





 



   


2025 conference in eastern ontarioregistration is now open!act locally, think globally is the theme of the owa’s 2025 conference in kemptville, ontario. during the two-day, in-person conference there will be ample time to network and connect with fellow land stewards, professionals and students from across the province. learn more here.

 
woodland experiences





forest climate resilience: a practical course for landowners and practitioners (session 2 of 3)

17 feb 2025 12:00 pm
online





2025 invasive species forum

18 feb 2025 11:00 am
online





webinar: pollinators in northeastern hardwood forests

19 feb 2025 12:00 pm
zoom




  
















  



  








 
the owa acknowledges that we are gathered on the shared traditional lands of the indigenous peoples of turtle island. 
long before today, there has always been indigenous peoples & they are the original stewards of this land. we are grateful for the opportunity to live, work & play here. 
we offer our thanks and honour all the generations of peoples before us who have survived and thrived here since time long past. this land continues to serve as a meeting place and crossroads for peoples of many nations. 
our recognition of the contributions and importance of indigenous peoples is part of our collective commitment to make truth & reconciliation real in our community as we strive for a harmonious shared future.











ontario woodlot association10 campus dr., unit 4kemptville, ontariok0g 1j0

phone: 613-713-1525
email: info@ontariowoodlot.com





















log in



subscribe to our newsletter
 
















powered by wild apricot membership software













