








virtual.mvp | information technology cliffsnotes

































































virtual.mvp
information technology cliffsnotes


menu
skip to content

home








empty cache hard reload on chrome


leave a reply 


if you ever need to clear the cache for a specific website, you’ll just need to enact the “empty cache hard reload” function in chrome.
on a website you want to clear the cache from, click f12 to bring up the developer tools which will appear on the right side of the page.
next, right-click on the refresh icon and you’ll have additional refresh options. select empty cache and hard reload.


emptying your browser’s cache and performing a hard reload forces the browser to download every resource for a page, including new scripts, styles, and features. this can help if a web page isn’t loading correctly


			this entry was posted in uncategorized on october 30, 2024 by admin.								




sophos active directory authentication with ssl/tls failure


leave a reply 


attempted to setup ad authentication to sophos firewall, and kept getting the following error:  test connection failed as server is down or unreachable

the connection would work successfully when using plaintext, but fail when using ssl/tls or starttls.
the root issue was that the domain controller i was trying to connect to, did not have an ssl certificate associated with it. you could go out and purchase an ssl cert that matched the fqdn, or setup an internal ca service, but if you need a quick and dirty solution, you can just generate a self-signed cert and add it as a trusted ca.

open powershell as administrator
type in the following command to create a self-signed cert: new-selfsignedcertificate -certstorelocation cert:\localmachine\my -dnsname “fqdn-of-server” -friendlyname “server cert” -notafter (get-date).addyears(10)
next, copy the generated cert which will reside under the personal\certificates store to the trusted root certification authorities\certificates store




now you should be able to test using any of the other connection security methods successfully.



			this entry was posted in uncategorized and tagged sophos on august 1, 2024 by admin.								




manually remove i/o filters from vsphere vm


leave a reply 


i was attempting to move a vm from one host to another, and received the fallowing error: “host does not support the virtual hardware configuration of virtual machine. the io filters(s) xxxx configured on the vm’s disk are not installed on the destination host.“
at one point, i was using a vm accelerator solution that was not cleanly removed. it took me awhile to figure out how to remove the io filter from the vm, so hopefully this guide will save you some time. 
part 1 – remove setting from the vm
after searching the config files of the vm, i came across the vm’s vmdk descriptor file. this is not the storage vmdk file itself, but the 1kb sized descriptor file which i had to edit. 

there are two lines that contain configurations for the io filter, and both need to be removed. these are the ddb.iofilters and ddb.sidecars settings. both lines can just be removed and the file saved.

upon trying to migrate the vm after removing these lines, i received the same error as before. i needed to make the host aware of these changes somehow. this was achieved by right-clicking the vm –> vm policies –> edit vm storage policies..


i didn’t have to change anything, but just needed to click ok.


after doing those tasks, i was able to successfully migrate the vm!
part 2 – remove setting from the host
although i probably could have done this first, i was in a hurry and didn’t want to impact production vms. the process to remove the io filter from the host is fairly quick and easy, but will require the host to be in maintenance mode, and a reboot is probably useful afterwards. 
put the host into maintenance mode.ssh into the host.run “esxcli software vib list” to view a list of all installed filters.run “esxcli software vib remove -n filtername” (replacing filter name) to remove the filter.while a reboot isnt required, it is suggested. 


			this entry was posted in vmware and tagged esxi, vmware, vsphere on november 8, 2023 by admin.								




manage bitlocker with powershell / command prompt


leave a reply 


when attempting to enable bitlocker on computers remotely, using an rmm tool, here are some ps commands that will assist in this process.

view the current status of bitlocker on a machine. manage-bde c: -statusadd a key protector so the machine can be encrypted. this is useful on some oem machines that come with bitlocker enabled, but no key can be retrieved from the machine. manage-bde c: -protectors -add -rpbackup the bitlocker keys to active directorymanage-bde -protectors -adbackup c: -id “{3500023e-381e-449b-878b-0cd1067dcd79}”notice, the id will be the unique id shown from the manage-bde c: -protectors -add -rp command. you will need to add parenthesis before and after the brackets. lastly, if you need to require a user to login to the machine with a pin, you can use the following command, in addition to those above:manage-bde -protectors -add c: -tpmandpin
from there, you will enter the desired pin and test by rebooting the machine. 
powershell script
$pin = convertto-securestring “205020” -asplaintext -force
enable-bitlocker -mountpoint “c:” -encryptionmethod aes256 -pin $pin -tpmandpinprotector -usedspaceonly



			this entry was posted in uncategorized and tagged bitlocker on october 31, 2023 by admin.								




automatically move archived event logs to another location


leave a reply 


i have a client who requires security event logs be kept. they enabled archive log retention on the security event logs, but it kept filling up their c: drive.


to remedy this, i created a powershell script that moves these files when they are 7 days old to another location, and then used task schedule to automate the process. here are the steps to do that.
the source folder where these logs are stored: c:\windows\system32\winevt\logsthe destination folder where they want the logs moved to: e:\windows-system32-winevt-logs
created a powershell script for this process:get-childitem -path “c:\windows\system32\winevt\logs” archive-security*.evtx | where-object {$_.lastwritetime -lt (get-date).adddays(-7)} | move-item -destination “e:\windows-system32-winevt-logs” -verbose
created a new task scheduler task called automove security logs its actions are set to run powershell and execute the following: -executionpolicy bypass c:\support\automove_securitylogs.ps1



			this entry was posted in uncategorized and tagged microsoft, powershell on august 3, 2023 by admin.								




get ios device in supervised mode


leave a reply 


when using sophos mobile or any other mdm solutions, putting a device is supervised mode unlocks additional management capabilities. 
requirements for putting a device in supervised mode:– apple mac computer running the apple configurator app– ios or ipad os device will need to connect to that computer via usb cable– this process will require the device to be wiped. all settings and content will be erased. 
step by step process
on the mac computer, download and install the apple configurator app

2. in the configurator app, select account and login with the apple business manager account. select the appropriate location:  this is the business that the ios device will be deployed to.
3. connect your device to the computer using a usb cable and select trust when prompted on your ipad. turn off find my ipad by tapping settings, apple id, then icloud.
4. in the configurator app, right-click the device and select prepare.

5. prepare with manual configuration and select both supervise devices and allow devices to pair with other computers.

6. in the next section, select do not enroll in mdm.

7. select the appropriate location

8. leave all steps selected and click prepare. it will ask to erase the device to continue, which you will agree to.
9. if you got into settings app, you should see that the device is now in supervised mode



			this entry was posted in uncategorized and tagged apple, mdm, supervised mode on may 18, 2023 by admin.								




upgrade to sql 2019 express for veeam backup


leave a reply 


veeam has been shipping with sql 2012 which is end of life, and newer patches of veeam does not upgrade sql during the patching process. it is on the end-user to upgrade their instance of sql, which is pretty easy to do.
before you upgrade
you will want to do a few things before you start the upgrade process:– disabled all veeam jobs in veeam– stop and disable all veeam services on windows, making sure you notate the original startup state (automatic vs automatic delayed start).– if veeam is running on a vm, please snapshot the vm– backup the databases manually using sql studio
on to the upgrade process
download sql 2019 express from microsoft. the download links always seem to change, so you will need to snag a copy yourself.run the executable and select custom as the installation type. choose a location to save the files that will be downloaded for the install. the default path is fine.when the installation center window appears, choose upgrade from a previous version of sql server.

5. choose the sql instance you would like to upgrade. for a reference of which build numbers equal which version of sql, see this microsoft doc here: 

6. the installation will then start. 

i ran into an issue where sql upgrade was looking for a microsoft ole db driver from source installation. i tried to download this driver from microsoft and point the installer there, but that did not work.






to remedy this, i uninstalled this driver, rebooted the server, and restarted the installation, and it upgraded the database engine services which failed the first time, but was successful now. 




verify upgrade success
you can view the upgrade build status by opening the database in sql studio manager and going to properties of the instance. refer to the version build numbers link i posted earlier in this post.

you can also view this info by going to properties of the sql service, and reference the path to the executable.


post upgrade
now that the upgrade is complete, enable the veeam services and veeam jobs.
veeam one issue
after the upgrade, veeam backup worked great, but i noticed i could not get into veeam one, and would receive the following error: “veeam one monitoring service cannot access its database“
this was resolved by opening the veeam one settings application (c:\program files\common files\veeam\veeam one settings\veeamonesettings.exe) and testing the connection. all the settings looked good, but it would fail the connection test. i clicked browse by server name and selected the server again, and this time it tested successfully and i could use veeam one again. 



			this entry was posted in uncategorized and tagged sql, upgrade, veeam on october 20, 2022 by admin.								




remove duplicate emails/calendar events from public folders on exchange online


leave a reply 


files required can be downloaded from github: https://github.com/michelderooij/remove-duplicateitems
details on the syntax can be found here: https://eightwone.com/2013/06/21/removing-duplicate-items-from-a-mailbox/
$cred = get-credential; #here i put in your o365 email and password as the credentials.\remove-duplicateitems.ps1 -publicfolders -identity <user_email> -server outlook.office365.com -credentials $cred -pfstart “\”;
#the above connects to eo, cleans the public folders starting at the root.
system indexing mail based off query
confirmation to remove found results
process of deleting duplicate results


			this entry was posted in microsoft and tagged o365 on april 26, 2022 by admin.								




pi-hole on ubuntu vm with truenas



having a dozen raspberry pi’s around the house is nice for random projects, but i would like to consolidate as much as i can into jails on freenas/truenas. unfortunately, running pi-hole on a jail isn’t really supported at this point, with previous attempts being abandoned by the community. deploying it as a vm is the next best thing.
requirements
ubuntu server 21.xvm with a minimum 1 vcpu, 512mb vram, and 10gb drive
deployment steps
download ubuntu server iso
create a new vm in truenas, using whatever values you prefer.guest operating system should be linuxboot method should be uefibind should be the primary ip of your truenas
operating system
configure desired system requirementsthe minimum requirements were listed above, but i would add another vcpu core and some additional ram
vm cpu and memory
configure vm diskscreate new disk image and make sure to select ahci as disk type.select a zvol location on your nasi used a 12 gb drive, which is probably overkill for this
disks
network interfaces and installation mediayou can take the defaults on network interfaceson installation media, upload the ubuntu iso you downloaded earlier, or select it from your truenas if you have already copied it to a share. 
installation media
install ubuntu osafter saving the vm settings, power on and run through a default setup of ubuntu.make sure to set the ip address of this vm with a static ip on your network, as this will be your new pihole dns server.also, install openssh during the install if you wish to ssh to pi-hole.after installing ubuntu, update the ubuntu ossudo apt updatesudo apt upgrade
install pi-holerun the following command in an ssh or console session on the ubuntu vmsudo curl -ssl https://install.pi-hole.net | bash
follow the pi-hole wizard to configure additional settingschoose your dns provider (i used opendns)take the defaults on the rest of the items unless you have specific reasons otherwise.
pi-hole wizard







			this entry was posted in freenas and tagged freenas, pi-hole, truenas on april 14, 2022 by admin.								




surface dock won’t display second monitor


leave a reply 


i have been using dual displays with my surface dock and surface dock 2 for awhile now, but recently the second external display would just go to sleep and not display anything no matter what i tried. the solution was found in a microsoft forum.
clear your display cache.
undock your surface from the surface dock.download the surface dock registry file. choose to open the file.select and run surface dock registry.reg.select yes to allow changes to your surface, select yes to confirm, and then select ok to close.restart your surface, reconnect it to the surface dock, and try your external display again.


			this entry was posted in microsoft and tagged dock, external monitor, surface on august 30, 2021 by admin.								


post navigation
← older posts





search site

search for:





recent posts


empty cache hard reload on chrome


sophos active directory authentication with ssl/tls failure


manually remove i/o filters from vsphere vm


manage bitlocker with powershell / command prompt


automatically move archived event logs to another location


archives archives

select month
 october 2024 
 august 2024 
 november 2023 
 october 2023 
 august 2023 
 may 2023 
 october 2022 
 april 2022 
 august 2021 
 june 2020 
 may 2020 
 march 2020 
 february 2020 
 june 2019 
 march 2019 
 february 2019 
 september 2018 
 july 2018 
 june 2018 
 may 2018 
 february 2018 
 january 2018 
 december 2017 
 october 2017 
 august 2017 
 july 2017 
 june 2017 
 may 2017 
 march 2017 
 february 2017 
 october 2016 
 august 2016 
 july 2016 
 june 2016 
 may 2016 
 april 2016 
 march 2016 
 february 2016 
 january 2016 
 december 2015 
 september 2015 
 july 2015 
 june 2015 
 may 2015 
 december 2014 
 october 2014 
 july 2014 
 june 2014 
 may 2014 
 april 2014 
 march 2014 
 october 2013 
 september 2013 
 march 2013 
 february 2013 
 january 2013 


categories

freenas

hyper-v

microsoft

networking

servers

storage

uncategorized

vmware

wireless


 




				proudly powered by wordpress			








						virtual.mvp					


proudly powered by wordpress theme: twenty twelve.				










