ï»¿



 learning management system (lms) | online assessment system | coursewebs 

















coursewebs:  built by educators for educators - delivering  a better way to learn
espaã±ol | italiano
 908-450-9874





















home 
features
plans 
sign up


  support  |  contact us  |  faqs













coursewebs puts you in control of your training program
you have found the learning management system that is powerful, flexible, and affordable enough meet your requirements. 



clients speak

                	"the coursewebs staff always takes time for me and helps me through any issues i might be having. they never talk down to me." -dan g., omg roofing products









who uses coursewebs?
continuing education providers, sales trainers, safety programs, hospitals & medical groups, schools, colleges,
                ministries, driver training, product & partner training, and many more use our lms everyday!



clients speak

                	"thank you for a great product!"
                -linda d., health & hospital corp.








what is coursewebs lms?
coursewebs is a full-featured learning content management system with modules for assessment, enrollment, content management, e-commerce, reporting, and so much more. take a look - you'll like what you see.



clients speak

                	"we are very happy with coursewebs!"
                -jaqueline t., american hippotherapy association, inc.















powerful lms


coursewebs is packed with powerful features you can use such as a complete online assessment system, e-commerce shopping cart, content authoring and management, full reporting, an api for registration, and much more.





flexible plans


our lms can be delivered in a couple ways: we have several hosted account levels (saas or cloud model) or dedicated servers.




 


easy to use


learning content management systems should be intuitive for the student and the instructor. the intuitive interface makes building a course quick and easy. the  lms is browser based and can be used on any platform including mobile and tablets.




customizable


we pride ourselves on a system built to fit the way you want to provide online training. from branding to business rules, there are hundreds of configuration options. we also routinely provide custom features to meet your requirements.







how is coursewebs different from other learning management systems? 
1) we are powerful. coursewebs has way too many features to list here, so contact us to find out if our solution will work for you. 2) we are completely customizable. from cosmetic  and branding changes to complete feature and behavior overhauls, we can do it. possibilities are limitless. 3) we are affordable. go ahead, compare our costs to other systems you are evaluating. we win.
are you looking for an easy, affordable way to teach your students or employees online? our learning management system (lms) makes developing online courses easy! coursewebs lets any instructor create an online classroom that includes exams and quizzes, discussion forums, and html content. the instructor's control panel lets instructors create and modify course content, administer students and their grades, and much more.
intuitive, easy and affordable. that's what a quality learning content management system should be for both the student and the instructor. our solution was built by educators for educators and puts the instructor in control of the distance learning course. the intuitive interface makes building a course quick and easy. the entire system is browser-based, so there is nothing to download or install. the system can be used on any pc platform (windows, mac, linux etc.) or mobile platforms (android, ios, etc.) and is accessed over the internet. the system also works equally as well over intranets and lans.      
how  can it work for you?


it’s  	flexible - coursewebs can be modified and customized to meet your needs.
        our lms is built with asp.net and sql server.
        
easy setup and total access to coursewebs technical support, available at any time by either phone or e-mail.
        
designed to be used by non-technical people, no knowledge of html or programming needed.
        
ease of use. coursewebs is designed to be simple to use, by teachers, students, and admins alike. 
        
low cost. some institutions and companies have money and resources to spare. but others are dealing with cut budgets. our software is affordable.
        
easy online exams and quizzes. all of our clients utilize the very powerful assessment system.
        
customizable certificates for passing an exam/course.
        
built-in shopping cart for self-registration. use your merchant account or paypal to accept payment for courses  	and exams
        
content can also include multimedia (e.g. audio, video, flash, windows media), pdf and powerpoint presentations.
        use the built-in content management system or use content from adobe captivate and articulate storyline, or any scorm compatible course authoring tool.
        a simple api for registration integration and a secure single sign on (sso) method are included.
        
built-in discussion forums
        for facilitating interaction among course participants.
        
our browser-based, rich text editor allows course content pages to be edited without any other software. instructors can create rich, well-formatted web pages without any knowledge of html or ftp. for those who desire, content can be uploaded from other authoring applications.
find  out more 

at coursewebs, we help deliver e-learning the way it was intended. with a rich feature set and multiple applications for any learning environment, our learning management software is assisting hundreds of schools and companies in making online education simple and effective.
have an inquiry about a specific product feature? ready to get started with our online assessment system? contact us today!
coursewebs: built by educators for educators - delivering a better way to learn








copyright © 2023 coursewebs.com. all right reserved.
benefits  |  our blog  |  online-exam  |  products  |  faq  |  support  |  service agreement









