


wild dolphin swims, dolphin pictures, boat charters whale watching, hawaii vacation dolphin retreats healing music for celebrations weddings, hawaiian volcano trips, love poetry of the beloved, ecstatic dolphin journeys, mount shasta retreats






























welcome! come explore amazing moments in the ocean as we 
swim with wild dolphins. 
view the many dolphin photographs from our wild dolphin swims and dolphin retreats in hawaii.  
listen to samples of 
matish's uplifting, mystical love songs & healing music. 
lift your spirits with 
matish's inspirational poetry 
& mystical love poetry to the beloved! 

"dolphin heaven", the 3rd dolphin video in matish's dolphin dvd series, is now available!


one of our goals is to give 1,000 dvds and music cds to hospice, childrens' hospitals, schools, etc. 
  イルカ写真




 


we hope you follow the links to music, poetry, wild dolphin photography and many surprises to uplift and inspire... 

if you know someone who can use a lift, consider sending them here to experience the dolphins' gift... 



celebration of being
 - an inspiring, inner journey with dolphin photos... (this is fun!)

essence alignments
 - life-changing, potent reminders! 











video excerpt (2nd preview) from the dvd, dolphin celebration!



 
if you use this video on your page please link to songofhome.com




dolphin celebration! the dvd 






the 2nd dvd in the series. this video highlights the dolphin-human connection. look in their eyes and hear the ultra-sonic song of the dolphin. also with whalesong and bubble ring beauty... 





order dolphin celebration! the dvd by matish & the dolphins




dolphin heaven! the dvd 






the 3rd dvd in the series. the synchrony of dolphin dances & music creates a joyfully enrapturing experience of "being there"! 
so amazing you'll think special effects were used! 


excerpt of dolphin heaven, the dvd by matish & the dolphins








musical dolphin celebrations


live events with matish, featuring the new dolphin dvd, "dolphin celebration! life beneath the surface". 
ask about these inspiring experiences with multimedia, group song & humor! 










 








links open in new window or already-open window


dolphin photo archives
dolphin photos page 1
dolphin photos page 93+
dolphin photo links page
dolphin photo links 81-100
dolphin moments...stories
music pages

recordings by matisha
the poetry of matisha
matisha's bio
ecstatic journey home purpose/vision
site menu page
friendly links








dolphin moments















more pages of inspiration

music of matisha
matish's poetry
dolphin journeys

the lord's prayer translated from aramaic into english: prayers of the cosmos


the hungersite

     







up | down | top | bottom







connection with dolphins...

for as long as i remember, i have had a deep love for and attraction to dolphins.  they 
have come to me in dreams since i was a very young child.  i would climb on the back of a dolphin and be carried to distant places, realms where love, beauty and harmony radiated as rich color through the beings who lived there.  each morning, (after a night of adventures with the dolphins) i was taken home by the same dolphin. i'd roll off the back of the dolphin, walk away from the water and wake up in my bed. 
 
on looking back at the dolphin experiences i've had, their multidimensional nature comes to me, almost dream-like.  what they have shared with me continues to return to me, becoming clearer and clearer. 
i have heard for a long time that dolphins are aware of how we feel.  something they let me know --on more than one occasion while swimming together-- was that they are aware when our consciousness shifts, our moods change, our minds expand, etc. 

they find great joy in waking up sleeping parts of ourselves by swimming patterns and inviting us to swim those same patterns with them.  they are aware of the subtle energy levels each moment. they live in that place.  i now know they are "feeling with us," the accelerated frequencies running through our bodies, all that is opening, our altered states as they take us through the gates of expanded consciousness. 

the dolphins are here for us all.  it is a great joy for us to be with them and a great joy for them to be a part of our return home... 

if you haven't been in the ocean with wild dolphins, please read 
dolphin etiquette, 
which has valuable info. on "how to be" in the ocean when wild dolphins are present. 
if you have been in the ocean with the dolphins please read and know we are open to any helpful suggestions. 
thanks! please remember, when we enter the ocean, we are entering their home. dolphins, whales and marine mammals are protected under the marine mammal protection act (mmpa). in other words, it's best to let them come to you rather than follow or attempt to get close. it has been our experience for years that the dolphins come close to us quite often. most often they swim away when people approach too close. 












thoughts 4 feeling... 


if you want 5 times more energy than what you have 
use your breathing 5 times more 
than you've been used to using it. 

resisting life and love goes nowhere, 
and most of us have already been...nowhere.  

we receive the answer through living the question. 

some think there are too many unanswered questions. 
what about all the unquestioned answers? 
























all content on songofhome.com 
is dedicated to uplifting the human spirit, cultivating inspiration, having fun, encouraging care for our world, 
the life in it, ourselves and each other...in this ever-evolving dance of life... 
please help the dolphins, whales & marine mammals! ocean alerts!
there are many facets to this site. we hope you enjoy exploring and are inspired here on songofhome.com. 
thank you for sharing this site with others...for ease, click for site referral form below. 
as with all of us, these pages are continually evolving... 

hold mouse over images (links) to read info. when info. tag disappears, reactivate by moving mouse off image 
then back on again. 

blessings on the journey... 



matish & the songofhome.com team


















 












video excerpt from the dvd: dolphin celebration!




 
if you use this video on your page please link to songofhome.com




events with matish 
 disc-flow

dolphins - their point of you

listen 
to 
audio samples 
of matish's music.

complete audio poems by 
matish music by 
paul armitage. 




reviews of matish's music





matish has two poetry books, the beloved's gaze and the embrace, now 
			on cd. 
			as well as a playfully poignant book, 
			accepted healing for the 
            co-dependent light being. 

listen to samples of the embrace, matish's poetry cd.
			
many new poems appear on the poetry links page.
another link to the poems is at the top 
            of this page. the 
            ecstatic music of matish is available through 
        new leaf distributing in atlanta, ga and devorss & co. 
		silenzio music in europe. 
			stores & centers can order from these companies. 
			titles include:love all the way, the eyes of home, 
			now more than ever and 
            his latest album, sacred loving. 
his poetry cd, the embrace is available 
			as well...(mentioned above). 

prayers by matish   |   
for emotional health & clarity










  contact us: dolphin at songofhome dot com


free javascripts provided
by the javascript source

got space?





the lord's prayer translated from aramaic into english: prayers of the cosmos











do you like this site?  recommend it to a friend. 
enter friend's e-mail address in "to" field, choose a "subject" title 
and click the "send it" button. 






to:



subject:

amazing site!
                     my favorite site!
                     what a beautiful site!
                     a site for soaring eyes!
                     i love this site, have a look!
                     this is my friend's site, have a look!
                     you'll love this site!  have a look.
                     so much beauty on this site.  you'll love it!
                     many amazing dolphin photos on this site!
                     great music, poetry, dolphins, beauty...an inspiring site!
                    



your name:










the video below is an older video our friend, bruce and i did... 


























free javascripts provided
by the javascript source


















conscious dolphin encounters






dolphin messages 
for the journey home




dolphin photos
















