









grace-full ministries bible study links and religious information









news 
gallery 
experience jesus? 
how i met jesus! 
greeting cards 
heartwarming stories 
miscellaneous links 
swmnchurches.org






bible gateway 
- lookup a passage or search by word in these popular bible versions niv, nkjv, kjv, nasb, rsv, nlt, ylt, we, darby, and more. also check out the
audio bible and 
virtual christianity's - 
online bible references
bible study tools - 
 interlinear bible, 
commentaries,
condordances, 
dictionaries,
encyclopedias, 
lexicons,
 pastor resources, 
 church and biblical history 
- an essential site for deep spiritual and biblical study.  this is one of the most complete set of bible study tools that you will find on-line.
free bible commentary - this site provides commentaries in several different formats (text, audio & video) by dr. bob utley, professor of hermeneutics.
catholic encyclopedia - an extensive guide of definitions to catholic topics, history and catholic doctrine (not only for the catholic).
jewish encyclopedia - an important historical guide and great help in understanding jewish values and jewish tradition (not only for the jew).
internet sacred-texts archive -  the largest freely available archive of online books about religion, mythology, folklore and the esoteric on the internet. the internet sacred text archive (ista) is dedicated to religious tolorance and scholarship, a wealth of information for deep scripture study.
islam, christianity & judaism - 
 exhaustive glossary of islam, christianity & judaism, 
allah, who is he?,
the gnostic society library, 
septuagint 
- study of jewish history and other religious beliefs is sometimes helpful in understanding specific passages of the bible.
palestine (the land of canaan) - the fighting continues because israel failed to "completely drive out the inhabitants of the land" learn more about palestinian history and events from the palestinian side.
mystery babylon revealed - 
the people and their apostasies, 
origins of easter, 
origins of christmas, 
christmass-the pagan holiday, 
christmas traditions, 
december 25 celebrations,
when was jesus born? 
- what are the ideas and legends behind the gods of babylon, and the origins of easter and christmas?
apocrypha - a collection of early christian texts, similar in style and content to the books of the new testament but which are not accepted as the inspired word of god
fox's book of martyrs - an exhaustive account of those martyred for the cause of jesus christ. this is a very interesting history of those mentioned in the bible - and many others.
the ecole initiative - a list of bible study links and links to study early church history.
literary resources on the net - english and american literary accounts including some biblical resources and mythology.

bible study sites

choose a study site here
apostolic.net
ariel ministries (jewish)
bible.org
biblediscovery.org
biblestudy.org
biblestudytools.com
christian internet directory
jesus answers.com
salvation.com
seekgod.com
truth&reason
virtual christianity
crossdaily.com
bible quizzes

miscellaneous ministries

choose a ministry here
1-888-need-him
knwc radio
american center for law & justice
back to god hour
back to genesis (radio)
back to the bible
billy graham
breakpoint (chuck colson)
church angel (church directory)
christian computing magazine
christian jew foundation
christianity today magazine
church on the move
campus crusade for christ
family life today
family research council
focus on the family
gospelcom.net
inner varsity christian fellowship
insight for living
in touch
institute for creation research
jewish heritage magazine
josh mcdowell
key life
lighthouse movement
minirth clinic
mission network news
northwestern college
paws and tales
plain truth ministries
preview online (movie & tv)
radio bible class
reach out (youth solutions)
real families
seek god ministries
stonecroft ministries
times square church
the word for today
trinity broadcasting network
turning point
what would jesus do?
willie george ministries
youth for christ


this site was put together in hopes of helping you strengthen and enhance your christian walk through encouraging features and a thorough bible study resource guide to enlighten your study of the bible and christianity.
i do not endorse or an affiliated with any specific denomination. the link to the catholic and jewish encyclopedias does not necessarily mean i am or even support the catholic religion or jewish belief.  please test anything you read with the written word of god (acts 17:11, 1 john 4:1).
report any broken links and if you have a favorite resource or ministry that you do not find anywhere on this site please email a link to me and with your help we can build a great study and ministry resource.
thanks for being one of the many great people who have stopped at this site to be encouraged in the lord. may the spirit of god bless your www journey!








