


 — bail resource center



















 












 
home
news
attorneys
bail school
courses

pre-licensing/recovery
bail continuing education
brc virtual university
security guard
notary public


bookstore
resources
jobs
contact
faq
 
 










news
effective july 1, 2023 fugitive recovery persons are required to be licensed by the california department of insurance. view details at www.insurance.ca.gov
effective july 1, 2023, 2023 pc_1299 fugitive recovery persons act.
visit the golden state bail agents association website for up-to-the minute legislative information, hearings and alerts.www.gsbaa.org!
cdi recommends bail agents complete 6-hrs. of continuing education each year. don’t wait…12-hrs of ce required prior to license expiration date.
individual bail agent application fee effective 03/03/19: $622.00 (exam fee is $62.00 at a cdi test site/$62.00+$33.00 convenience fee at at psi site). individual bail agent license renewal fee is $188.00 per surety appointment.
california bail laws –

penal code
insurance code
title 10

didn’t pass the cdi bail exam?
more news..

classes                                            
to register for a class, scroll over the word courses above. in the drop-down menu click on the course you want.
click on bail resource center is searching for venues to conduct small bail pre-licensing and continuing education classes in 2024.  if your agency has a conference room that will comfortably accommodate approximately 10-20 students and would be interested in hosting a class, please call or email loma.  (805) 388-9587 or email: bailuout@hotmail.com
test your knowledge – take the brc bail practice exam! – fax your answers to our office for scoring.- studyweb exam13 * answer sheet *
*requires acrobat reader
6-hour notary education for bail agents for cdi and sos credit hours. non-agents welcome to attend for sos credit.
online courses for insurance, real estate and financial services professionals in california and nationwide. pre-licensing and continuing education courses include, but not limited to: fire & casualty, life, auto, annuity, and ocean marine. scroll over courses (above), click on brc virtual university. click on image for a  complete list of education courses available in california and nationwide.
write more bail, make more money! tips to advertise and promote your bail business. sign-up today!
take a look at our current pre-licensing class schedule.

bookstore          
purchase your course materials in our online bookstore. need other materials? they’re available in our online bookstore. take a look!
visit nic law enforcement supply for state-of-the art equipment, professional identification, clothing, gear, and accessories; www.nles.com
bail agencies and surety companies: are you interested in sponsoring a class or placing an ad/flyer at our seminars? call for information and prices.

contact             
interested in taking a course? find out how….have questions about our business?  contact us!
bail agent job opportunities – click on the jobs tab above.
approved ca department of insurance education (cdi)provider #33584 and #33585
registered exempt ca department of consumer affairs/bureau of private postsecondary education (bppe) #5602551
approved ca bureau of security & investigative services (bsis) education provider #i-2615
approved ca secretary of state notary education vendor 6-hr. #603974 and 3-hr. #304152












© copyright 2025.
bail resource center & career academy, a division of soaring seagull enterprises. all rights reserved.
log in
back to top ↑






