







home | friends of blackwater nwr





























skip to main content






join/donate | volunteer | newsletter




 













join the friends










friends

about the friends of blackwater
join or donate to the friends
volunteer with the friends
volunteer awards
projects at the refuge
email newsletter
eagle's nest book and gift shop


refuge

about the refuge
history of the refuge
ecosystem at the refuge
wildlife at the refuge
harriet tubman national monument


visitors

visiting the refuge
public use
frequently asked questions
resources
image gallery
video gallery


kids

kids and the refuge
student and teacher resources


events

event calendar
mid-winter eagle survey
eagle festival
wild goose chase
litter pickup
night sky tours
youth fishing fun day
annual volunteer training


wildlife cams

cams central
blackwater eagle cam
blackwater osprey cam
blackwater waterfowl cam
blackwater river osprey cam








greetings from the friends of blackwater!







become a member or renew your membership
the friends of blackwater is a nonprofit citizens support group for blackwater national wildlife refuge (nwr) near cambridge, maryland. together with our partners, we provide vital fundraising, volunteer, and advocacy support to help make blackwater nwr one of the best refuges in america's national wildlife refuge system. learn more about how you can join, donate, or volunteer with us.
get our email newsletter and stay informed!







join
become a member of the friends, help us achieve are mission, and receive discounts at local merchants and in our eagle's nest book and gift shop.
membership benefits







donate
donate even if you're not a member and help us make blackwater nwr a great place. you can even donate in memory of a friend or loved one.
ways to support







volunteer
join one of the most active volunteer groups in the national wildlife refuge system.
opportunities at the refuge







news from the friends

board of directors
the friends of blackwater nwr recently elected new board members and new officers. read about the new board and the amazing people who have joined to make blackwater a better refuge!


refuge photo contest opens feb. 1
the blackwater nwr photo contest will run from february 1 to march 31, 2025. visit our photo contest page for details on enterting for both adults and youth. youth enter for free.


watch wildlife cams
as the winter waterfowl season begins, visit our wildlife cameras to check out the action at the refuge.  


eagle festival canceled
the eagle festival has been canceled due to avian flu at the refuge. we hope the event will return next year.







share your images!
do you have a great image from blackwater nwr? be sure to visit our online gallery of images and videos from blackwater nwr. you can submit a photo or video for inclusion in our gallery or you can share your photos and videos with us on our friends of blackwater facebook page. show us what you've got!












what is a national wildlife refuge?


you might be surprised to learn that national wildlife refuges are different than national parks. the national wildlife refuge system is the only system of federal lands devoted specifically to wildlife. while national wildlife refuges provide recreational opportunities for people, they also provide habitat for more than 700 species of birds, 220 species of mammals, 250 reptile and amphibian species, and more than 1,000 species of fish.  more than 380 threatened or endangered plants or animals are protected on wildlife refuges. each year, millions of migrating birds use refuges as stepping stones while they fly thousands of miles between their summer and winter homes. learn more about america's national wildlife refuge system at fws.gov/refuges.



red-tailed hawk on refuge system "blue goose" sign. credit: george gentry/usfws













friends of blackwater
the friends of blackwater is a nonprofit citizens support group founded in 1987, assisting blackwater national wildlife refuge in cambridge, maryland, and the chesapeake marshlands national wildlife refuge complex to carry out their educational, interpretive, and public use missions.




navigation
friends
refuge
visitors
kids
events
wildlife cams
site map




contact us

friends of blackwater
							p.o. box 1231
							cambridge, md 21613


email




connect with us
facebook
youtube
instagram
newsletter









©  friends of blackwater | privacy policy and copyright notice







 
 
 
 
 
 
 



