


























westminster christian academy - a private christian k3-12 school in madison and huntsville, alabama

















apply for 2025-2026 starting november 15!

























  about  

 our difference 
 our story
 our leadership 



  academics  

 upper campus 
 lower campus 


 admissions 
 athletics 
 give 
 apply 

 
 






















 

one community

apply today!

















do you remember when going to school meant being part of a community? when parents and teachers worked together to ensure that students were safe, well-educated, and emotionally healthy? 
do you remember when strong relationships were established, and god remained central to everything? at westminster, you’ll find exactly what you’ve been missing–a thriving christian school and a community for your family.
apply today!













our job is to guide students to reach their full potential through academic and co-curricular preparation and strong christian discipleship, to help them become leaders who know their identity in christ, love and serve others, and do their best in every situation. kerry st. john director of christian life








welcome home


we understand that choosing the right school for your family is one of the most important decisions you’ll make. at westminster christian academy, we put equal focus on academic excellence and christian discipleship so that each student is prepared to answer god’s call in their life.





what can you expect at wca?






an encouragingcommunity





comprehensivechristian education





academic supportfor every student





discipleship & serviceopportunities













our philosophy

at westminster christian academy, our goal is to help students reach their full potential through spiritual growth and academic excellence. our students receive an exceptional christ-centered education, nurturing a christian worldview as the foundation for academic and personal life.





a foundation of faith



our vision is to educate and disciple students, in partnership with christian families, for lifelong learning and service in god’s world. as a covenantal christian school, we require that at least one parent from every family be a professing follower of jesus christ, have a church home and pastoral relationship, and support the beliefs found in the nicene creed.










excellence in education



 


westminster christian academy is the only school in alabama with cesa accreditation, which shows our commitment to exceptional academic and institutional standards. westminster is also cognia accredited and is ranked #1 best christian high school in the hunstville area on niche.com.
						



						we offer a wide range of academic options from basic college preparatory to ap and dual enrollment classes, encouraging students to become critical thinkers and lifelong learners. we continually evaluate our high school academic program to discern the need for new classes to challenge our students.
						















if you're looking for a community where your child can grow, we hope you’ll consider westminster christian academy. we’re ready to partner with you so that your child will become a lifelong learner who is prepared for service in god’s world. 
							










learn more
schedule a tour
apply















































											upper campus mailing address
											po box 5287 huntsville, al 35814




											upper campus (grades 6 - 12)
											237 johns rd. huntsville, al 35806
                                            (256) 705-8000   info@wca-hsv.org




											lower campus (grades pre-k3 - 5)
											375 mt. zion rd. madison, al 35757
											(256) 705-8300   info@wca-hsv.org







about
academics
admissions
athletics
give
apply
quicklinks
employment
westminster hub







© 2025 westminster christian academy is a ministry of  westminster presbyterian church. westminster christian academy admits students of any race, color, national and ethnic origin to all the rights, privileges, programs, and activities generally accorded or made available to students at the school. we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national and ethnic origin in administration of our educational policies, admissions policies, scholarship programs, and athletic and other school-administered programs.





























