
















		   classic arts showcase - performance. visual arts. film
	



























































home
broadcast info
about cas
faq
founder’s profile
find a channel

cas not in your area?
information for broadcasters
information for art organizers


contact us



















performance. visual arts. film.
classic arts showcase is designed to inspire new audiences by showcasing video clips of the arts.


now available online!
classic arts showcase is now available via the internet 24 hours a day. just click the watch now button to the left to start enjoying our program from your computer, web-enabled smartphone or tablet.

watch preview clipsfind a channel in your area






lloyd e. rigler’s vision


classic arts showcase was inspired by lloyd e. rigler. it was his love of the performing arts and his determination to bring the finest classic arts performances into millions of american homes – at no cost to the viewer – that made this dream a reality.
› learn more


classic arts showcase is here to stay

we are currently upgrading our signal. whether you have a standard or high-definition television, you will still receive the same quality programming you have always enjoyed. viewers will see no interruption in their service.  the notices you may have seen about our transition to a digital signal are regarding a technical matter for broadcasters only. rest assured that classic arts showcase is not being discontinued. improvements we are making now will ensure maximum quality for decades to come






notice for broadcasters

							satellite changeover
						

latest news
15th annual placido domingo awards
honoring classic arts showcase & lloyd e. rigler – lawerence e. deutsch foundation



› view now

email
› casmail@sbcglobal.net








            		© copyright 2025 classic arts showcase. all rights reserved. |  classic arts showcase is brought to you by the lloyd e. rigler - lawrence e. deutsch foundation.
            	


 


as seen in the new york times

xclose




x- enter your location - - or - get your current location














 












