  visit and watch dolphins at roberts point park in port aransas, texas - dolphins in port aransas  
                 
  
 skip to content homeabout port aransascontact usattractionsneed to knowfaqsshopprivacy policy
search

search for:


search  dolphins in port aransas watch dolphins year around • primarily march through october
 homeabout port aransascontact usattractionsneed to knowfaqsshopprivacy policy
search

search for:


search
dolphins in port aransas watch dolphins year around • primarily march through october
dolphin-watching venues dolphin cruises & toursvisit and watch dolphins at roberts point park in port aransas, texasnearly 75,000 people travel to port a on an annual basis and for a variety of reasons.one of the favorite stops along the way for most, especially those with children, is a stop-and-play date at roberts point park.roberts point park is free to attend and park, and is located next to the port a ferry system, a free 24-hour service that is seven days a week and connects mustang island and port a with aransas pass on the mainland.not only will you see the ferry transport cars, but you’ll occasionally hear live music, see tour boats and fishing boats, see a multitude of various birds taking flight, and spot port a’s most inquisitive creatures loved by all — atlantic bottlenose dolphins.dolphins can be spotted and intimately engaged in the mornings and evenings at roberts point park. although you can spot dolphins during the mid to late afternoon, bay traffic of fishing and tour boats tend to keep the dolphins afar.don’t let timing stop you from going to spot and watch dolphins because roberts point park also has an elevated watch tower approximately 25-30 feet, allowing for spectacular binocular viewing of dolphins and breathtaking views of the bay.in addition, dolphin spot and watch as you stroll up and down the jetty and walk out onto the fishing piers over the water.again, should you miss and not see the dolphins, then allow the kiddos to burn some energy playing on the roberts point park playground.afterward, you’re only 1-2 minutes from exploring downtown, restaurants and finding more port a interactive adventures.
   
								can you swim with dolphins in texas?							  exploring dolphin encounters on the texas gulf coast. many people are fascinated by dolphins and dream of swimming alongside these intelligent creatures in their natural habitat.  if you didn’t know, texas is home to 26 types of whales and dolphins, specifically 9 types of dolphins — the atlantic bottlenose dolphins …
 read more "can you swim with dolphins in texas?" 
   
								best places to see wild dolphins in port aransas.							  at least once or twice a year, my family leaves behind the hustle and bustle of daily life in fort worth, texas, and we head south for a family vacation on the beach shores of port aransas.    port aransas holds a special place in our hearts, and not just …
 read more "best places to see wild dolphins in port aransas." 
back to top bring your family and friends to encounter a dolphin watching experience of a lifetime... copyright © 2015-2025.  all rights reserved. privacy.powered by fluida &   wordpress.                

