



 



empgens  |  journal of empirical generalisations in marketing science




































empgensempgens

home
articles
editorial board
editorial policy
contributor info
citations
contacts








a specialist online journal devoted to high quality research that develops empirical generalisations in marketing, consumer behaviour and strategy. 
read articles 




welcome to the journal of empirical generalisations in marketing science. empgens is sponsored by the university of south australia, and the ehrenberg-bass institute for marketing science.






empgens is a specialist journal that publishes:

replication and extension research
critical reviews of previous research (single studies or streams of research) – not just literature reviews, but critical reviews.
meta-analyses
commentaries on scientific development and philosophy of marketing science

the editor of empgens is john dawes, and refereeing of the articles is conducted by members of the editorial board who also advise the editor. the editorial board consists of leading marketing scientists from around the world, all of whom have an interest in the development of empirical generalisations and scientific theory.
the acceptance rate for empgens is under 10%.
over 90% of submissions to empgens are desk-rejected because they do not fit the scope of the journal.  please don’t submit a paper unless it is one of the four types listed above.   a replication study means the study is explicitly positioned as replication, not simply referring to certain similar studies conducted previously.  also, empgens is not interested in papers that are ‘literature reviews’ i.e. summaries of past work on a topic; it may be interested in critical reviews – a critical examination of what’s been done on a particular topic, what has been learned and what’s still to learn; reconciling different findings and so on.
you can submit via email to:
john.dawes@marketingscience.info
but please check your paper fits the scope of the journal before submitting. 
if the paper is within the journal’s scope then the time to receive first review is approximately one month.
articles published in empgens are available to be downloaded and read free of charge.
there are no publication fees for authors.




latest empgens articlesantecedents of consumers’ mobile shopping expenditures and the intention-behavior gapnavid bahmani and amit bhatnagarthe effect of training on internal and external customer orientation: the case of ethiopiaandinet worku gebreselassieeffective conflict resolution within marketing channelsbrent l. baker and chase j. edwardsa replication study of consumers’ private label purchase intentionsserhat karaoglan and tulin durukan 








journal of empirical generalisations in marketing science: issn 1326-4443







