


















pittsburgh billiards, pool tables & accessories | west penn billiards


























































































 













































 

call or text  724-743-3720
service
cloth colors
about us
contact  




      0        







 

 































 

 
























generic selectors






				exact matches only			







				search in title			







				search in content			







post type selectors






					wpsl_stores				







 

menumenupool tables

pool tablesbuild your ownolhausen pool tablescalifornia house pool tablespresidential billiards pool tablespool table accessoriespool table repair
shuffleboards

shuffleboardsolhausen shuffleboardscalifornia house shuffleboardspresidential shuffleboardspittsburgh penguins shuffleboards
game room

game roomair hockeybubble hockeyelectronic dartboardssteel tip darts and cabinetsfoosballjukeboxesarcade gamesping pongskeech
collegiate •outdoor

outdoorgrillsfire pitssaunaskitchen
furniture

furnituremetal kitchen & bar stoolswood kitchen & bar stoolspub tablespoker & gaming tablesbilliard seatinggame chairs
fireplaces







back
								




 









pool tables
learn more 







        curent seasonal promotions        
        special financing for 36 months with approved credit on pool table or shuffleboard purchases of $4000+, or 5% off any purchase over $1000 (cash/check only)       

our featured products, all made in the usawest penn billiards specializes in the creation of lifelong memories. explore your dream entertaining space today!      









 shuffleboards 
 








 fireplaces 
 








 game room 
 








 grills 
 












 metal kitchen & bar stools 
 







expert pool table repair
keep the good times rolling! let the experts at west penn billiards handle all of your pool table repair needs.

pool table moving
pool table leveling
pool table refelting
bumper and pool table pocket repair and replacement


learn more 





          featured products        
          west penn billiards carries thousands of products to help you customize your space. check out some of the newest arrivals toour showroom!        







 

read more 
multicade classic 





 

add to cart 
blaze 32 inch 4-burner lte gas grill with rear burner and built-in lighting system$1.00 





 

add to cart 
build your own 
el dorado barstool$1.00 





 

add to cart 
duke poker dining table$1.00 





 

add to cart 
renegade clean-face direct-vent fireplace, 40 truflame technology$1.00 





 

select options 
durango shuffleboard$9,559.00 





 

add to cart 
build your own 
laguna$7,549.00 








      our clients say    


 



staff was wonderful in answering my many questions.  guidance on purchases were spot-on!  the crew who re-felted my table performed above and beyond getting my table properly prepped and completed.				
  todd blake 


 



bought s nice table, never heard from him since.  thought he might follow up and at least thank me for not buying else where.  oh well				
  jamiesmittlexperience 22 


 



fantastic, friendly service!  david was super helpful over email before our visit as well as when we showed up in person to make our purchase.  he answered all of our questions honestly and did not pressure us in the slightest in our decisions.  highly recommended!!!				
  jason evans 


 



went to this business on a whim hoping they would have a couple pool cues that i would like and feel good in my hands.  they had more than enough cues in stock to choose from including lucasi, mcdermott, and meucci.  the staff were really friendly and willing to go the extra mile to help me out in my search for the perfect cue.  i am overly satisfied with my experience and purchases.  they will definitely be getting my business again in the future when i am in the market for a pool table or need any accessories to go with it.				
  scott van dyke 


 



i've known the owners all my life. hard working, knowledgeable of their products.  unimaginable the fun,  practical items they have.  games, furniture, fireplaces etc. etc.   don't even bother looking anywhere else.  american made				
  patty turjan 


 



very nice owner's, i felt welcomed into the store. the quality of everything is great, the pool tables especially!! definitely recommend getting a pool table, arcade game, furniture, etc. from there.				
  sara herb 


 



this place is absolutely amazing!   dave was great to work with and explained all of the options for both a pool table and shuffleboard and gave insightful opinions using photos i brought of my room where they will be.

truly top notch service and a genuine concern to get everything the way i wanted it.  i was able to match the set and bought both as part of a basement renovation. i can’t recommend west penn billiards highly enough—much better than dealing with a big chain or mail order and the benefit of a set up crew for a shuffleboard table is huge!  i can’t wait until my tables come in!!				
  john hauser 


 



professional, courteous,  helpful, organized, and well stocked. glad i decided to make the trip from the north hills area, well worth the extra travel time. my buying experience couldn't have been better!				
  brian fenstemaker 


 



this place is a little out of my way but i decided to go based on all the positive reviews. they are 100% accurate. if i was buying a $10k custom table of course i would expect the salesman to be incredibly helpful and spend a lot of time patiently answering questions... however i just went in to buy a single cue as a gift for my nephew and i was treated the same way. unfortunately i didn't catch the guy's name, but he couldn't have been nicer or more accommodating in helping me find the right one. experiences like this are why i try to support locally owned businesses as much as possible.				
  william courtney 









latest news
 




august 17th

          what to consider when moving a pool table        

moving is a complicated and difficult process, especially when you have heavy items to move to….


read more 
 




september 20th

          game room seating options        

once you’ve equipped your game room with the perfect pool table and other games, it’s time to give your guests a comfortable place to sit….


read more 
 




july 20th

          looking to add an arcade game to your game room? here are the best fits.        

are you looking to add a classic arcade experience to … 
continue reading “looking to add an arcade game to your game room? here are the best fits.”


read more 







about west penn billiards
at west penn billiards and fine furniture, you’d expect pool tables and shuffleboards. what you might not expect is over 200 kitchen and bar stools, custom made bars, patio furniture, fire pits, wood fired grills, signed memorabilia and so much more.
since 1963 west penn billiards has been focused on offering the highest quality pool tables and furniture available. don’t just settle for what others have in stock. at west penn billiards we’ll make sure you get your game room and fine furniture exactly the way you want it.  we can customize everything in our store and over 90% of the products we offer are made in the usa. we now have a complete design center to assist you in building your dreams. come see the new and updated largest single-store game room supplier in pennsylvania.







instagram















our manufacturers

















 



 




 


contact us
2520 washington rd. route 19 canonsburg, pa 15317
phone: 724-743-3720
 











hoursmon: 10:00 am - 7:00 pm
tue: 10:00 am - 5:00 pm
wed: 10:00 am - 5:00 pm
thurs: 10:00 am - 7:00 pm
fri: 10:00 am - 5:00 pm
sat: 10:00 am - 4:00 pm
sun: by appointment 

pool tablesbuild your own
olhausen pool tables
california house pool tables
presidential billiards pool tables
pool table accessories
pool table repair
shuffleboardsolhausen
california house
presidential
pittsburgh penguins
 

game roomair hockey
bubble hockey
electronic dartboards
steel tip darts and cabinets
foosball
jukeboxes
arcade games
ping pong
 

outdoorgrills
fire pits
saunas
kitchen
fireplaces
collegiate 

furnituremetal kitchen & bar stools
wood kitchen & bar stools
pub tables
poker & gaming tables
billiard seating
game chairs
 

aboutabout us
financing
contact us
blog
gallery
return policy
 























we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept all”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however, you may visit "cookie settings" to provide a controlled consent.cookie settingsaccept allmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept










 



				request a quote today!			





name*email*

phone*



zip / postal code


model name(s)*
  


















			×			





				request a quote!			




name*email*

phone*



zip / postal code



  


















			×			





				request a quote today!			





			×			





				request a product brochure			





			×			





				pop up			



			×			





































































