






















church web hosting solutions | christian web host


































 






skip to the content

 

 


sign in









 products

products
 website

websites
overview
web builder
wordpress
do it for me


 hosting and domains

hosting and domains
find a domain
hosting


 technology

technology
sitelock security
email defense
ssl
fax to email


 marketing tools

marketing tools
search engine assist




 resources

resources
help center
blog
contact support



 about 














exceptional church website builder and hosting platform



discover our easy-to-use builder designed for faith-based small businesses, non-profit organizations and churches. as a leading provider of church website services we are a trusted technology partner to the christian community.
 get started
builder details

 








grow your community with our stunning church website templates and hosting
our christian website developers have created beautiful website templates that can easily be customized with our easy-to-use website builder. we take the guess work out of creating a website.















complete church website services
we have a wide range of website templates and hosting solutions to choose from, all at an affordable price.











solutions, not technology
from live streaming to accepting on-line donations or promoting future church events, we have you covered.











security and reliability
our christian hosting platform uses carrier grade security and monitoring to ensure maximum uptime.











solutions for everyone









get a website in minutes with our church website builder and hosting solutions


designed by website developers, made for anyone to use. no technical expertise required. with hundreds of mobile-friendly website templates to choose from, simple drag-and-drop editing, and a comprehensive set of church website services, we can help your faith-based small business, non-profit or church get started right away.
 learn about web builder







unlock your design potential with wordpress hosting
 
design with no limits. for more advanced users looking to build and host their church website using wordpress, we offer full support on wordpress installations and plugins, updates, and more. sites are hosted on a high-performance platform.
 wordpress details







control and flexibility with cpanel
 
simplify site and server management with cpanel. easily manage all your websites, feature add-ons, 3rd-party plug-ins, and more.
 cpanel details







performance and optimization with vps hosting
 
a virtual private server (vps) delivers power and performance on demand. customize hardware resources to deliver optimal speed and uptime performance to your website.
 vps details








find the right solution








web builder




starting at


$4.99 /mo.






comprehensive online church web design software
religious, business and personal templates
drag-and-drop functionality
mobile-friendly design
ecommerce

 buy now









cpanel




starting at


$11.99 /mo.






cpanel — hosting’s top control panel
wordpress one-click installer
softaculous installer (300+ applications)
email
ssd storage

 buy now















											i have been with christian web host for 17 years and find your email and telephone support exceptional. in fact. i like
											your company so much i recommend it on my site.

											judith t. customer since 1999 










professionally designed website templates and hosting
a wide selection of church website templates to choose from across different industry verticals, designs and layouts.






















find your perfect domain

								a domain name is an important first step in branding your faith-based small business, non-profit or church. at christian web host, we offer a wide range of top-level domains (tlds) such as: .church, .faith, .wedding, .com, .biz and more. let us help you find the right domain.
							






.church.org.com.netother


search

















 innovative church website services





ssl certificates
protect users visiting your website with ssl (secure socket layer) encryption. let christan webhost handle the installation, management and renewals of your ssl certificates.

about ssl



fax to email
simplify your fax communications with our easy-to-use online fax solution. send and receive faxes using email or through our online portal.

fax to email details



ecommerce
accept on-line donations, sell products and services, sell on social media sites, and more. our ecommerce solution makes building and managing an on-line store quick an easy.

learn about ecommerce



sitelock security
advanced security protection for your website and those visiting your website. includes automatic malware detection and removal and more.

secure your website












search engine assist
 
get found where your parishioners are searching. easy-to-use search engine optimization (seo) tools to help you identify where your website can be optimized.

optimize your website











								what our community is saying







									we are very happy with the results of hosting with christian web host. the management features are fantastic. the
									feature sets are great and the ability to immediately provision websites in about a minute has really improved the process for adding member websites under our plan.
darren c. customer since 2005




									i have been a christian web host customer for over 13 years and can recommend their services to anyone who needs
									professional hosting. the technical support is always helpful and they respond promptly.
karl g. customer since 2003




									as a web development company we deal with a lot of hosting companies. our team recommends them to all of our customers
									and we will always give our thanks to christian web host.
jim r. customer since 2006











 sign-up for premium church website hosting today
 
if you are ready to grow your community with intuitive, faith-based website solutions, sign up for your new domain today or explore our other church website services. we are always here to assist you or answer any questions.

get started



















 


products


web builder
logo
web hosting
do it for me
domains
seo

 



resources

help centerblogcontact support
 



about us

our companycontact us
 




















acceptable use policy 


privacy policy 


terms & conditions


website accessibility policy




						2025                        christian webhost




 




















