  home - r.c. wegman construction company         

(630) 844-3000follow
homeabouttestimonialsexperiencecommitment to hiring local contractorscompany newsservicesprojectscontactstaff directory

r.c. wegman construction company since 1955at r.c. wegman, we are proudly a women owned business providing full-service commercial and industrial construction with over 60 years of success. located in aurora, il., we provide construction services to the entire chicagoland area.with a strong concentration in construction management projects, we have completed some of the most noteworthy structures, including municipal and educational facilities.
view our portfoliogive us a call(630) 844-3000ask a questionemail usserviceswhat we do best
construction managementwe provide expert construction management services for projects from multi-million dollar to small remodels and serve both the private and public sectors in illinois.learn more
general contractingwe perform general contracting services for new building construction, additions and remodel projects ensuring every project comes in on time and within budget.learn more
design & buildwe work under a single contract with the project owner to provide design and construction services. one entity, one contract, one unified flow of work from initial concept through completion.learn moregalleryphotos of our recent projectsmidlothian police stationaurora public works projectmooseheart activity centerkane county multi-use facilityeast aurora high school trackrush copley parking garageaurora public library - santori libraryaurora fire station #8 & community centerrolling meadows station 15m-14 hoops gymrush copley medical grouprolling meadows fire station 16river edge parktinley park fire station 47aurora fire station 7  testimonialshere’s what people are sayingi wanted to express our gratitude for the outstanding work your crew did at our office. we can never thank you enough. everyone involved was a delight to work with.– michael meyer ceo, fox valley united wayi have worked with r.c. wegman for 20+ years and highly recommend them. the outstanding service, expertise in coordination and delivering a quality project on schedule and on budget is second to none.– robert w. vaughan, fox valley park district“this group of people worked as a team and truly cared about doing the best job. i wholeheartedly endorse r.c. wegman.– dr. gina santori,richard & gina santori public library of aurorablogthe latest company news
r. c. wegman wins cisco’s project of the year for the kane county multi-use facilitydec 30, 2021 | company newsthe kane county multi-use facility, built by r.c. wegman, won the 2021 project of the year for projects under $20m from the construction industry service corporation (cisco). designed by cordogan...read more
rolling meadows fire station wins favorite fire station 2021 by the masonry advisory councilnov 12, 2021 | company newsarchitect: healy bender patton & beengeneral contractor: rc wegman constructionmason contractors: midwest masonrysupplier: northfield, an oldcastle company echelon masonry productsfeatured...read more
r.c. wegman construction company announces  third generation transition in aurora, ilnov 12, 2021 | company newsr.c. wegman construction company continues its history and is announcing a new change of ownership. as of november 1st, 2021, carl wegman has announced his retirement after 24 years of leadership....read more
r.c. wegman is a recognized leader serving customers throughout chicagoland with construction management, general contracting, design build and estimating services.since 1955
750 morton avenue
aurora, illinois 60506
(630) 844-3000services construction managementgeneral contractingbudget and estimatingdesign/buildaboutaffiliationstestimonialscontact
© 2025 r.c. wegman construction company. all rights reserved.followfollow  
                            

