
























camp grady spruce | ymca of metropolitan dallas








      skip to main content
    














ymca of metropolitan dallas camps


















18a612a8-b407-4667-98e0-6c45814fb6eb





































                    home 
                  



                    summer camp 
                  



                    outdoor education 
                  



                    groups and families 
                  



                    equestrian 
                  



                    donate 
                  



                    employment 
                  








































camp grady spruce

located on scenic possum kingdom lake in graford, texas, camp grady spruce is a co-ed overnight camp providing 7 to 16-year-old campers with opportunities to partake in captivating outdoor and aquatic experiences while learning about the natural landscape.































































 469-276-0110 



 3000 park rd. 36, graford tx 76449












essential life skills, unlocked!







caring for others
at camp grady spruce, campers learn the importance of empathy, teamwork, and community, all while making a positive impact on those around them.






respecting nature
at camp grady spruce, we encourage campers to connect with and appreciate the beauty of the natural world through outdoor adventures and environmental stewardship.






building responsibility
camp grady spruce helps campers develop responsibility by encouraging independence, leadership, and accountability through engaging activities and challenges.


















summer camp
now is your chance to sign your children up for a summer full of fun and memories through our ymca day camp program. with several different day camps to choose from, these exciting camps will keep your kids involved in hands-on activities and will get them outside, engaging in outdoor activities all summer long!



                  a day in the life
                













outdoor education
our mission is to deliver exceptional outdoor programs that inspire, build, and strengthen relationships with god, his creation, and each other.



                  learn more about outdoor education
                













groups and families
reconnect, recharge, and make unforgettable memories with your group or family at ymca camp grady spruce! located on the beautiful shores of possum kingdom lake, our camp offers the perfect blend of adventure and relaxation for all ages. from team-building activities to lakeside fun, camp grady spruce is designed to help families and groups grow closer, experience the outdoors, and create lasting connections. your next adventure starts here!



                  learn more about groups and families
                








































































































left


support & impact


donate


volunteer


events




center


get involved


membership


programs


financial assistance




right


about us


employment


leadership


annual report






stay connected

facebookinstagramlinkedinyoutube












© 2025 ymca of metropolitan dallasthe ymca is a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit social services organization dedicated to youth development, healthy living, and social responsibility.





























