



















































that yellow bastard — livejournal












that yellow bastard — livejournal
recent entries:
friends |  friends2:
archive:
my friendfeed:
about me:
previous 50 entries:
tags about me advice art atlanta being yellow books cars climbing comics dad fic food games gaming geekism go gators hell is... holy crap home insomnia language meme money movies music odd poetry poker politics quotes singletude spam tech this sucks travel tv why i rule why i suck work

more bastardbronze vip archivesnotes of a code poetfriendsterfurious mingdel.icio.usdude check this outpandorathat bastard multiplesthat bastard suggestsnandotcap'n kencoffee achieverel guapobad news hughesthe stacksecret history:the queuebattlestar galactica::
recent posts + second person (perfect)  + sungrazer  + yet another fb meme  + this is my song for you  + untitled  + many  + why i should get a teacup pig...  + my seesmic wishlist  + and i thought they smelled bad on the outside!  + better than "meat rectangle"  + regarding porkins  + he's got huge, sharp... er... he can leap about. look at the bones!  + in which your hero is stupid  + yet another fb meme  + you know what rules?  + you know what rules?  + you know what rules?  + advice  + 15 books, 15 minutes  + meme from tankfreak  + well, go see one anyway.  + you take the good; you take the bad  + to all my cim techie peeps  + tell me about you (or tell me about me through questions about you)  + three awesomes and a suck  + from toni on fb  + nostalgia ruination  + note to everyone:  + the latest facebook plague  + first! (the breakup)  + movie recs  + claiming my name on http://tinyarro.ws/  + spoiler-free watchmen review (and a meme)  + you know what rules?  + 10 albums  + fml  + uncle patrick's ball-punch theory  + it occurs to me...  + regarding karma's lever  + karma's lever  + sea of heartbreak (or more memes people keep tagging me with on facebook)  + that 25 random things thing... if you give a crap.  + for those of you who don't read my identi.ca/twitter  + yet another meme from kara  + why neil gaiman rules  + music meme from kara  + movie quotes from tankfreak  + jam on it, mr. president  + the future.  that's some destination!  + in which our hero is exposed as the freak he really is... 



january 28th, 2011
2011.0128.1030::second person (perfect)[ hell is... | poetry ] 
you prefer the three-button blazer.(black, not blue),pockets still sewn shut from the factoryyears ago.you’ve taken to wearing it without a tie,just a pocket square matching your shirtand a practiced, wide smile.it’s become something of a rite,you, dressed in your uniform(lightly-starched),shouting or laughing or listeningto murmurs and echoes of murmurs,the hollow buzz of conversationsas the wet of condensationdrips from your cocktailonto your jeans or your slacksor your shirttail.paying no heed to the shockof cold, moist discomfort,you don your plastic, wide smileto exorcise restraint and recluse.( leave a comment )december 16th, 2010
2010.1216.0015::sungrazer[ poetry | this sucks | why i suck ] 
aristotle thought nothing of our attraction(in that, he was correct),i, merely earth-bound breath,a vast distance between us(in that, he was correct).einstein painted a floor of spacetime,the weight of your brilliancepulling me into your thrall.wise men and fearful fools have long drawn my dances with you,the slow and silent concerto which marionettes my bodytowards your shine.perhaps one of them has found the truth(perhaps none).i know only of the pushpull of gravitycompelling me to face you,as your heat and radiance strip away bits of myself,the arms-length waltz, beckoning and exorcisingalong my elliptical orbituntil it consumes me.revised. i'm still not satisfied with the stiltedness of "a vast distance between us," and the brevity of the note about einstein. i wanted to paint a better image of diminishing in the final sentence, but i'm at a loss to figure out where at the moment, because of work.( leave a comment )june 8th, 2010
2010.0608.1307::yet another fb meme[ meme ] 
abc..you've been tagged, you are supposed to write a note with the abc's of you. at the end, choose 26 people to be tagged. you have to tag me so really you just need 25 more people. if i tagged you, it's because i want to know more about you.(to do this, go to “notes” under tabs on your profile page, paste these instructions in the body of the note, type your abc's of me, tag 26 people (in the right hand corner of the app) then click publish.)note: i'm not going to tag people.  if you want to do this, you should.  if you don't, then move on.( read more...collapse )( leave a comment )
2010.0608.0030::this is my song for you[ poetry | this sucks | why i suck ] 
this is my song for you.for every stanza, i will sing my notesto touch your ears so that you will hear me.this is my poem for you.each syllable a prayer.like a deep chanting of holy menwill you listen?this is my hymn to you.i cast my words like stones across waterto stir your hands.if only you could hear me.this is my dirge for you.every lyric a lifetime.can you hear it?inspiration( 2 comments | leave a comment )may 24th, 2010
2010.0524.1812::untitled[ poetry | this sucks | why i suck ] 
i couldn't find our corpse today.i recall when you gave it to me,bloodied and swollen,unadorned and unclothedfrom a night shared within your bed.i couldn't find our corpse today.the cadaver filched from my arms, from evenings clutched fast to the frozen fleshfor warmth and weary reveries, an empty weight sinking dents into the mattress.i couldn't find our corpse today.only slight wisps of the perfumeof three summers gone,packed away in a dusty corner,holed and bloated and fetid and rotten.i couldn't find our corpse today.amidst drunken days and troubled sleepmy long wake has ended.neither requiem nor blessing nor prayer for absolution fallall hushed and silent,sins unpurged and unpardoned.time, both pallbearer and crematorium,has robbed me of my monumentand swept away the ash.( leave a comment )april 29th, 2010
2010.0429.2338::many[ poetry | this sucks | why i suck ] 
some writers and physicists,plying their trade in fiction and fantasy and quantum events,craft their universes in stacksor gardens of forking paths.each track an earth of a different decision,every way an infinite array of consequences.on one of these earths(at least one),our fingertips brush lightly against each other, our breaths mix sweet and hotamidst kisses and sighs and know nothing of the vast spacetime that divides us here.( leave a comment )march 16th, 2010
2010.0316.1119::why i should get a teacup pig...[ art | books ] 
...and name him "kandar."  from neil gaiman's the graveyard book:in krakow, on wawel hill, there are caves called the dragon's den, named after a long dead dragon. these are the caves that the tourists know about. there are caves beneath those caves that the tourists do not know and do not ever get to visit. they go down a long way, and they are inhabited.silas went first, followed by the grey hugeness of miss lupescu, padding quietly on four feet just behind him. behind them was kandar, a bandage-wrapped assyrian mummy with powerful eagle-wings and eyes like rubies, who was carrying a small pig.there had originally been four of them, but they had lost haroun in a cave far above, when the ifrit, as naturally overconfident as are all of its race, had stepped into a space bounded by three polished bronze mirrors and had been swallowed up in a blaze of bronze light. in moments the ifrit could only be seen in the mirrors, and no longer in reality. in the mirrors his fiery eyes were wide open, and his mouth was moving as if he was shouting at them to leave and beware, and then he faded and was lost to them.silas, who had no problems with mirrors, had covered one of them with his coat, rendering the trap useless."so," said silas. "now there are only three of us.""and a pig," said kandar."why?" asked miss lupescu, with a wolf-tongue, through wolf teeth. "why the pig?""it's lucky," said kandar.miss lupescu growled, unconvinced."did haroun have a pig?" asked kandar, simply.( 4 comments | leave a comment )february 26th, 2010
2010.0226.1733::my seesmic wishlist[ tech ] 
my cellphone, the t-mobile g1, runs android, and i've been using seesmic to read my twitter reading list for the past few weeks.  it's a nice piece of software, but coming from twidroid, there's a few things i'd like to see enhanced:  add a "jump to top" button  allow me to sync my read tweets with my use of seesmic web.  add a provision so that update notifications only notify the user when the sync email flag is on for the phone/device itself (namely, i turn off email notifications (with the toggle settings app) at night so i don't get woken up, but seesmic still buzzes my phone hourly).  ping.fm integration (i suspect this is coming soon)  so, how about it, seesmic?( leave a comment )february 17th, 2010
2010.0217.1607::and i thought they smelled bad on the outside![ comics | movies ] 
thepeopleseason: there's now a tautology club on facebookthepeopleseason: there should be a tauntaulogy club.batnandu: there should be a tauntaun orgy clubbatnandu: wait, what?thepeopleseason: ew.( leave a comment )january 6th, 2010
2010.0106.1219::better than "meat rectangle"[ holy crap ] 
batnandu: btwbatnandu: every now and thenbatnandu: spencer1 says, "hsiao-jojo2 says, 'hey'"thepeopleseason: that's the best thing i've heard all year.1 batnandu's almost 2-year-old son.2 "uncle hsiao" in mandarin.( leave a comment )january 5th, 2010
2010.0105.1205::regarding porkins[ geekism | movies | quotes ] 
batnandu: dammit, dammit, dammit.  why did i never realize that william hootkins played eckhart in batman?  or that he played eaton in raiders? ( leave a comment )november 16th, 2009
2009.1116.1524::he's got huge, sharp... er... he can leap about. look at the bones![ quotes ] 
thepeopleseason: this is awesome: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zxa6p73awcgthepeopleseason: that deadly predator is awfully cute. batnandu: so are polar bears.  but, oh, how they kill you.( leave a comment )november 11th, 2009
2009.1111.1116::in which your hero is stupid[ quotes | tech ] 
when trying to test google voice's voicemail forwarding for his phone, i left batnandu a nonsense message hoping for an interesting transcription.  no such luck, but i ended up with the following im conversation: batnandu: baba booiethepeopleseason: it's spelled bababooey.batnandu: your face is spelled bababooey( leave a comment )october 15th, 2009
2009.1015.0028::yet another fb meme[ books | food | hell is... | meme | movies | singletude | this sucks ] 
can you fill this out without lying? you've been tagged, so now you need to answer all the questions honestly. at the end, choose at least 8 people to be tagged. don't forget to tag me!to do this, copy this entire message, create a new note, paste these instructions in the body of the note, delete my answers, and type yours. easy peasy!next, tag 8 people (in the right hand corner of the app). click publish (at the bottom). have fun! :)( what was the last thing you put in your mouth...collapse )( leave a comment )august 21st, 2009
2009.0821.0351::you know what rules?
when, after a horrible gastrointestinal pain wakes you up in the middle of the night, you go to the bathroom and sit on the toilet hoping to expel whatever it is that's making you feel bad, but you wake to discover that you've somehow passed out onto the tile floor, breaking your glasses, driving plastic bits into your face, forcing you to super-glue the pieces together at 3:30am as your cheek bleeds and puffs up.oh, no, wait. that sucks.( 2 comments | leave a comment )august 20th, 2009
2009.0820.2002::you know what rules?[ this sucks | why i suck ] 
when, as you're waiting for the elevator, you decide to munch on one of the fries that you got with your burger, but you lose control of the bag and the fries all spill out of the bag onto the floor, leaving nothing save a single fry in the fry bag and forcing you to clean up the hot greasy fries with your bare hand. oh, no, wait.  that sucks.( leave a comment )august 12th, 2009
2009.0812.1002::you know what rules?[ singletude | this sucks | why i suck ] 
when, as you're checking your work voicemail the message indicates that you need to delete some messages, so you go to the beginning to hear the love messages that your ex left for you years ago. oh, no, wait.  that sucks.( 2 comments | leave a comment )august 5th, 2009
2009.0805.1702::advice[ advice | why i suck ] 
if you decide to send your female co-worker the message "shut your pie hole," translated into french via google translate, make sure you pass along the translation link, before she translates the phrase back with babelfish and promptly sues you for sexual harassment.( 1 comment | leave a comment )august 3rd, 2009
2009.0803.1547::15 books, 15 minutes[ books | comics | meme ] 
from my high school english teacher via facebook:don’t take too long to think about it. fifteen books you’ve read that will always stick with you. first fifteen you can recall in no more than 15 minutes.( the list...collapse )( leave a comment )july 31st, 2009
2009.0731.1428::meme from tankfreak[ meme ] 
in this survey, you have to imagine that there is some overwhelming reason that you must complete each task. if it helps, imagine that doing so will save a loved one from certain doom. assume that all costs will be prepaid for each item, so you don't have to worry about how much any of this costs. no matter what, though, you must choose something for each item. no hedging—just answer the question.( you must get a tattoo...collapse )( leave a comment )june 30th, 2009
2009.0630.0947::well, go see one anyway.[ holy crap | odd | why i suck ] 
warning: there's some pretty dark stuff in this post.as i posted on twitter at 6:30 or so this morning, i think i need to go see a psychiatrist.  i had the most ( dark, rage-filled, oh john ringo no-esque dreamcollapse )ironically, someone accused me of being a white knight the other day.( 2 comments | leave a comment )june 15th, 2009
2009.0615.1412::you take the good; you take the bad[ advice | gaming | geekism | tech | why i suck ] 
a note to anyone playing fallout 3:if you've installed the broken steel add-on before attempting the finding the garden of eden main story-line quest, there's going to be a section of the quest where you're walking through vault 87 (i'm pretty sure it's the lab section--it might be the crew's quarters, though).  you're going to come across a two-story room (like in every other vault) that'll be the second door on your left after going up a set of stairs.  once you enter, two super mutant overlords will come out and blast the bejebus out of you.  this is a pre-programmed encounter that i'm guessing was with super mutant masters before i decided to pay money to up my character's level cap from 20 to 30.  as soon as you step into that room, the encounter activates. so here's a hint:backtrack to the stairs, and go into the first room on your left.  walk across that large room, and exit through the door on the other end.  after taking care of all the other super mutants around, enter that same room from the other side (where the overlords would be coming from).  the encounter will activate, but this time, with the original super mutant masters without tri-beam laser rifles.  much easier to deal with.i hope my seventeen hours of gameplay yesterday (note: not all at that part of the game) helps you out.( 1 comment | leave a comment )april 22nd, 2009
2009.0422.1700::to all my cim techie peeps[ atlanta | geekism | holy crap | poetry | tech ] 
remember inky?( 2 comments | leave a comment )april 20th, 2009
2009.0420.1400::tell me about you (or tell me about me through questions about you)[ meme | why i suck ] 
from tankfreak, a survey of sorts--tell me about you:( read more...collapse )( 5 comments | leave a comment )april 18th, 2009
2009.0418.2314::three awesomes and a suck[ art | gaming | geekism | music | tech | this sucks ] 
the e3 trailer for prince of persia that i downloaded a while ago on my xbox 360.  the haunting music from the trailer: saeglopur by sigur ros.  the android app shazam (originally developed for the iphone) which told me what the music was without the need for me to do various permutations of the search: "prince of persia trailer music."  my playstation 1 memory card has somehow lost my save game data for my not-even-through-with-disc-1, but-spent-over-a-week-of-playtime game of final fantasy vii.( leave a comment )april 14th, 2009
2009.0414.1656::from toni on fb[ hell is... | insomnia | meme | movies | singletude | this sucks | tv | why i suck ] 
tired of all of those surveys made up by high school kids?! 'have you ever kissed someone? missed someone? told someone you loved them? drank alcohol?' 49 questions for the people who are a little older...( what bill do you hate paying the most?collapse )( 7 comments | leave a comment )april 8th, 2009
2009.0408.1626::nostalgia ruination[ hell is... | music | quotes | this sucks ] 
batnandu: uh.  wtf? http://www.hampsterdance.com/batnandu: it's like they ruined my childhoodbatnandu: except i was in grad school( 4 comments | leave a comment )march 31st, 2009
2009.0331.1602::note to everyone:[ advice | why i suck ] 
i work.  i go to my job in the morning, and i get on the computer.  while i sign on to all my various communication services, i do not closely monitor them all the time.  where am i going with this?  if you ask me what's going on, i'm going to tell you that i'm working.  this is not an invitation to tell me everything that's going on with your day, your weekend, your life.  while i am genuinely interested in what you would like to tell me, the middle of the workday is not necessarily the appropriate time, as it's more than likely that i'm either in the middle of creating code for my job or speaking with my co-workers about creating code for my job.  if we have a conversation, and i stop responding for an extended period of time, there is a high probability that i have been distracted with work-related subjects.  this is in no way out of any disinterest to communicate with you.  it is work.  if i don't answer you immediately after you message me, it's more than likely because i'm doing something work-related (such as creating code or having a meeting).  if you're interested in talking to me, please don't just message me and then log off.  that is akin to calling someone, hearing them pick up, saying something, and then hanging up. i have this nasty tendency to leave myself logged in to my messaging clients around the clock.  if you message me and i do not respond at all, it's likely because it's after hours.  send me a note on twitter or facebook, and i'll more than likely get back to you in a more timely fashion than if you wait for me to see your instant message when i come back to my computer at work. ( 7 comments | leave a comment )march 20th, 2009
2009.0320.1023::the latest facebook plague[ hell is... | quotes | tech | this sucks | why i suck ] 
this has nothing to do with the new facebook layout.back in 2002, i started this livejournal, because, as batnandu suggests, i'm something of an emotional exhibitionist.  drawing compelling content from the dross of my daily life, however, is a herculean task--were i more dedicated to poetry, short fictions, photos, or videos, i suppose i could have some gems to offer every day.  as it stands, i'm that post-modern, neo-geek, sarcastic, hipster-douchebag that only ever drops the occasional grain of wit (i'm guessing this is why twitter might be so popular) amidst a sea of memes and self-absorbed whining. so if you go back and look at the succession of posts following that november, 2002 debut (no, really, don't waste your time), you'll find a series of memes and quiz results offered from sites like quizdiva.com, quizilla.com, or okcupid.com.  with such a frequency that one of the people who (for some yet-to-be-determined reason) follows this lj said, "please stop taking quizes, for the love of god."  and yes, i did eventually tire of seeing the insipid things populating my friends page--i even wrote a filter for my friends page to automatically cut them.so it's with a supreme sense of resignation that i see the latest items scrolling onto my facebook homepage: "what painting are you?""which great philosopher are you?""where should you be living?" these are the same kinds of things i stopped posting a long while ago, and it seems that facebook is just recycling the whole online junior high slambook concept again.but here's where it's even worse--each application that facebook approves for its users need approval from each individual user before they allow it to post on that user's page.  the quiz application developers, in their idiocy, instead of creating a single quiz framework application to access the user's information, set their quizzes up so that each individual quiz has to ask for access to the user's details.  so every facebook user wanting to take the both the "where should you be living" quiz and the "which 80s band are you?" quiz has to approve access for both quizzes individually, when the access required for both is essentially, "can this application post its crap onto your news feed?"and all for those unspecific, non-committal gestures at your personality.( 7 comments | leave a comment )march 19th, 2009
2009.0319.1445::first! (the breakup)[ singletude | this sucks | why i suck ] 
  on february 13, 1998, i drove up to gainesville, florida from miami after work in preparation for a weekend visit to my long-distance girlfriend as well as a consultation with my graduate advisor.  i had planned a nice evening out with my girlfriend for the next day, following a stop-off at a friend's birthday party.  i had high hopes that we'd have a nice intimate weekend with one another. as we waited for the meal to arrive, we talked about the various things that were happening with our lives--the details that don't come readily when exchanging email or instant messages.  i talked briefly of my job, and the boring minutiae of my days in miami.  she told me a short story about one of her classmates, who had asked about our relationship.  she recounted the details of that conversation, how her classmate had asked if we were still together.  i asked for more detail on her answer."well, i told her that we're not."i would glance at my watch then, and see the clock hands near vertical, the longer one just slightly past the shorter one.  i've convinced myself that i'm the first person in the eastern timezone to be dumped on that valentine's day, some eleven years ago.  if only because it makes for a more interesting story.   ( 1 comment | leave a comment )march 17th, 2009
2009.0317.1551::movie recs[ art | movies ] 
based on a recent request for movie recs to add to a netflix queue, here's a couple from my 5-star rating list: ( 12 angry men...collapse )( leave a comment )march 11th, 2009
2009.0311.1407::claiming my name on http://tinyarro.ws/[ being yellow | language | tech | why i suck ] 
liebe miener websitehttp://❥.ws/民http://›.ws/蕭季民eso es todo.( leave a comment )march 6th, 2009
2009.0306.1547::spoiler-free watchmen review (and a meme)[ art | comics | geekism | movies | singletude | this sucks | why i suck ] 
watchmen succeeds in capturing the main plotline of the comic, and there are some lovely sequences where snyder emulates the slow-paced pull-out that moore and gibbons created when introducing a new issue.  you can tell that snyder used the comic as storyboards, using the art to set up angles and shots.  there's a bit of over-exposition in a couple of places, where the script has characters legolas the plot points.  the guy playing ozymandias is at times so soft-spoken and wooden, it robs his particular scenes of power--ozymandias is supposed to be cool and emotionless for the majority of the plot, but there are a couple of scenes in the books where he emotes more, and i didn't really see any of that in the movie.  i would have preferred an older, more mature actor in the role.pacing was odd--for a three-hour movie, it flowed pretty well, but emulating the comic in plot and focus gave the movie a certain meandering quality, pointing the audience in different directions as to who to empathize with or pay attention to.  not a problem during a 12-issue comic series, but an issue for a largely single-threaded movie.  part of me thinks this would have worked a great deal better as a television mini-series. there were some changes to the ending that i would have preferred unchanged.  i'm not talking about the big thing, but the epilogue.  i think the changes undermine some of the themes of watchmen, but for the most part, i thought the movie a very, very good adaptation of the comic. incidentally, for those of you who haven't read the comic, both the movie and the source are very, very dark and violent.  you have been warned.as i've twittered way too many times, "3 out of 4 'hurm's." ( and now, a tagged meme...collapse )( leave a comment )february 23rd, 2009
2009.0223.1516::you know what rules?[ this sucks | why i suck ] 
when you're plugging your phone into your computer, you draw your hand across your keyboard, and the edge of a piece of paper there slices open your cuticle.oh, no, wait.  that sucks.( leave a comment )
2009.0223.1251::10 albums[ meme | music | poetry | quotes ] 
from coffeeachiever: think of 10 albums, cds, lps (if you're over 40) that had such a profound effect on you they changed your life. dug into your soul. music that brought you to life when you heard it. royally affected you, kicked you in the wazoo, literally socked you in the gut, is what i mean. then when you finish, tag 10 others, including me. make sure you copy and paste this part so they know the drill. get the idea now? good. tag, you're it! ( herbert von karajan...collapse )( leave a comment )february 20th, 2009
2009.0220.1758::fml[ hell is... | quotes ] 
coffeeachiever: http://www.fmylife.com/sex/88381thepeopleseason: yeah, that teh suck.coffeeachiever: bigtimecoffeeachiever: damnthepeopleseason: i actually commented on this one http://www.fmylife.com/love/87320thepeopleseason: can you guess my comment?coffeeachiever: roflcoffeeachiever: #2thepeopleseason: wow.thepeopleseason: how do you people know me so well?coffeeachiever: come oncoffeeachiever: your user name was "cockpunch"coffeeachiever: of course that's you( leave a comment )
2009.0220.1730::uncle patrick's ball-punch theory[ hell is... | quotes ] 
uncle patrick's ball-punch theory punching someone really, really hard on the balls can potentially flip their breaker switch, ideally resetting their personality to something more manageable.-- http://tr.im/gcrl  unfortunately, there's no shortage of test subjects.( leave a comment )february 12th, 2009
2009.0212.0841::it occurs to me...[ singletude | why i suck ] 
it occurs to me that one thing that some women are attracted to about me initially is my ability to sit quietly and listen to what they're saying.  unfortunately, i have a feeling that eventually translates to boring a few months/years down the line.( 1 comment | leave a comment )february 11th, 2009
2009.0211.1624::regarding karma's lever[ quotes | singletude | why i suck ] 
coffeeachiever: you make me sad.thepeopleseason: apparently. that's my other superpower.( leave a comment )february 10th, 2009
2009.0210.0958::karma's lever[ poetry | singletude | this sucks | why i suck ] 
i think i have a superpower.it's one i think i can't control.the power works subconsciouslyand scares me to my bitter soul.i got the news as i drove homeeight years ago (this very day),a man had died, a man i knew--the man who stole my love away.his fearful widow, full of tears,the greatest love of my short life.i cut her heart and cut her child.my guilty will was the knife.am i the fulcrum upon which pivots,karma's lever, scythe, and hammer?does my mind speak in secret words,the syllables of death's own grammar?i couldn't find my love today,she gave her heart to another.i thought the man was my friend.betrayed and failed by my brother.i think i have a superpower.it's one i think i can't control.but days like this, i can't help wish,i'd flex my mind and take my toll.dear romie: i'm sorry.( leave a comment )february 2nd, 2009
2009.0202.1434::sea of heartbreak (or more memes people keep tagging me with on facebook)[ about me | meme | music | why i suck ] 
the rules? only one rule. two men enter, one man leaves. ok, here's another rule. never get involved in a land war in asia. anyway, i made up 25 pieces of trivia about me. there are an additional 2 that are true...ish. go ahead and figure out which is which.if you dare.or not. really, i don't care. this is just me getting all meta on facebook (or lj). enjoy! ( 25 untrue and 2 unexpectedly true things about me...collapse )magic 8 ball1. put itunes/wmp/ipod on shuffle.2. for each question, advance to the next song.3. write down the song name no matter how stupid your friends are going to think it is.4. tag 5 or more friends + the person who sent it.i'm not tagging anyone. ( if someone says...collapse )( 9 comments | leave a comment )january 30th, 2009
2009.0130.1758::that 25 random things thing... if you give a crap.[ about me | being yellow | geekism | meme | music | why i suck ] 
rules: once you've been tagged, you are supposed to write a note with 25 random things, facts, habits, or goals about you. at the end, choose 25 people to be tagged. you have to tag the person who tagged you. if i tagged you, it's because i want to know more about you or i've already read yours and think we have a lot in common.  honestly, i'm not going to tag anyone because either you've already been tagged or you're getting tired of this whole thing...( i've done this before...collapse )( 1 comment | leave a comment )
2009.0130.1110::for those of you who don't read my identi.ca/twitter[ advice | holy crap | tech | this sucks | why i suck ] 
if you have a microsd card, and you volunteer its use to someone who wants to get a file off of a samsung helio phone, be aware that you might lose the 1.5 gigabytes of mp3s, photos, and customized ringtones that you've built up when in an unknown series of steps, the phone reformats your sd card.just so you know.( 3 comments | leave a comment )january 29th, 2009
2009.0129.1119::yet another meme from kara[ books | meme | why i suck ] 
here are the rules - post this list on your profile replacing my answers with yours. paste and copy to your notestag 10 people to do the same thing, plus the one who sent it to you. **( were you named...collapse )tag: tankfreak, destructogirl30, truexena, cee_m, ifuwereafrog, and whoever the hell else wants to do this.( 1 comment | leave a comment )january 27th, 2009
2009.0127.1542::why neil gaiman rules[ art | books | quotes ] 
upon learning that his the graveyard book (listen to it free here) had just won the john newbery medal, widely considered the most prestigious award for children's literature in the united states, he posted the following messages to his twitter feed: about to drink second cup of tea without marmalade this morning. also, i just won the newbury medal for the graveyard book....newbery, not newbury. also fuck!!!! i won the fucking newbery this is so fucking awesome. i thank you. he posted a followup blog post in which he described his most amusing experience of the announcement.if you haven't read the graveyard book, i highly recommend it.( leave a comment )january 26th, 2009
2009.0126.1142::music meme from kara[ gaming | meme | music | why i suck ] 
ipod, winamp, doesn't matter. if i tagged you, put your playlist on shuffle and tell me what the next 10 songs are. then tag 10 of your friends and ask them to do the same.because, as we all know, you are what you listen to. ( results...collapse )( leave a comment )january 23rd, 2009
2009.0123.1516::movie quotes from tankfreak[ meme | movies | quotes | singletude | why i suck ] 
the rules:a. pick 15 of your favorite movies.b. then pick one of your favorite quotes from each movie.c. post the quotes in your journal.d. have those on your friends list try to guess what the movie is.no googling allowed. either you know it or you don't.e. strike out the quote once it has been correctly identified and place the guesser's username and the title directly after the quote.( the quotes...collapse )( 7 comments | leave a comment )january 20th, 2009
2009.0120.1138::jam on it, mr. president[ comics | music | politics ] 
superman had come to town to see who he could rock.he blew away every crew he faced until he reached the block.his speakers were three stories high with woofers made of steel. and when brought our set outside, he said "i boom for real." he said, "i'm faster than a speedin' bullet when i'm on the set. i don't need no fans to cool my ass, i just use my super breath.i could fly three times around the world without missin' a beat.i socialize with x-ray eyes, and ladies think it's sweet."and then he turned his power on and the ground began to move.and all the buildings for miles around were swayin' to the groove.and just when he had fooled the crowd and swore he won the fight.we rocked his butt with a 12 inch cut called "disco kryptonite."well, superman looked up at me, he said, "you rock so naturally"i said, "now that you've learned to deal, let me tell you why i'm so for reali'm prez o.b. from outer space, i came to rock the human race.i do it right 'cause i can't do it wrong,that's why the whole world is singin' this song..." (apologies to newcleus)( 1 comment | leave a comment )january 16th, 2009
2009.0116.1541::the future.  that's some destination![ books | meme | movies | tech | travel | why i suck ] 
from taraljc, ( name 5 things from science fiction's vision of the future that you wish you had now...collapse )( leave a comment )january 2nd, 2009
2009.0102.1816::in which our hero is exposed as the freak he really is...[ books | hell is... | singletude | why i suck ] 
i just finished simon baron-cohen's the essential difference: male and female brains and the truth about autism, an exploration of the general differences between the way men and women look at the world, and how much our genes and hormones go towards affecting those outlooks.( baron-cohen suggests...collapse )( leave a comment )



previous 50 entries:go to top:


livejournal.com





























