



mcin



























 


















home
our story
our vision
our team
our impact
contact
pioneer

pioneer process info
1st year pioneer process
2nd year pioneer process


donate
directors
login
 








follow us 














 

upcoming events











our story
where it all beganmaster’s commission was born in the heart of larry kerychuk as a place where people of all walks of life could come, grow in their relationship with christ, and lay a biblical foundation. upon that foundation a lifetime of service to god could be built and lived out. pastor kerychuk, with pastor carmen balsamo as director, began the master’s commission program in 1984 in phoenix, arizona. trainees pledged one year of their lives to scripture memory, the study of the word, and ministry. after pastor balsamo death, rev. lloyd zeigler was appointed director.
god poured his blessing on master’s commission and gave opportunity for multiplication in churches across the country and around the world. as the program spread from church to church, the need arose for a network to be established to preserve the integrity and purity of heart with which this discipleship training program was created. in 1999, a group of master’s commission directors from across the nation held a meeting at the annual master’s commission discipleship conference and formed the master’s commission international network. mcin is an affiliation of master’s commission programs who share the same heart and desire for character, integrity, and discipleship.



our vision
discipleship worldwide.the collective vision of master’s commission is to know god and make him known. this vision takes unique shape in each of our individual programs. as a network of master’s commissions our vision is to see jesus’ model of discipleship spread throughout the globe. in short, we want to see discipleship worldwide. mcin exists to provide support to leaders, accountability for programs, and connectivity to individuals and churches.

our team
we make it happen



 
david marrero
ceo





 
derrek sullivan
president








 
olivia lee
missions director





 
charlene byron
program relations director






our impact
discipleship worldwide
affiliate programsmaster's commissions with mcin certified directors
pioneer programsmaster's commissions with mcin certified directors in training
international programsaffiliated master's commissions around the world

find a program


all
affiliatealabamaargentinaarkansasasiabelgiumbrazilcaliforniacentral americaconnecticutcosta ricadominican republicecuadorel salvadorenglandeuropefloridafrancegermanyhondurasidahoillinoisindianainternationalirelandkansaslouisianamichiganminnesotamissourinebraskanetherlandsnew yorknicaraguanorth americanorth carolinapakistanpennsylvaniaperuphilippinespioneerpuerto ricosouth americatexasuruguayvirginiawisconsin 





restoration mc 
 





south arkansas mc 
 





dominican republic master’s commission 
 





uruguay master’s commission 
 





brazil master’s commission 
 





argentina master’s commission 
 





ecuador master’s commission 
 





costa rica master’s commission 
 





nicaragua master’s commission 
 





honduras master’s commission 
 





1000 islands mc 
 





soar mc 
 





united mc 
 





north shore mc 
 





shoreline leadership college 
 





peru master’s commission 
 





the green house 
 





master’s commission dundalk 
 





mc usa 
 





master’s commission philippines 
 





northwoods master’s commission 
 





the refuge discipleship school 
 





the rock master’s commission 
 





puerto rico master’s commission 
 





el salvador master’s commission 
 





master’s commission romania 
 





mcm university 
 





master’s commission amsterdam noord 
 





padova master’s commission 
 





master’s commission northern ireland 
 





stuttgart master’s commission 
 





master’s commission paris 
 





marseille master’s commission 
 





southport master’s commission 
 





the summons 
 





h-town master’s commission 
 





philadelphia mc 
 





north carolina master’s commission 
 





bellevue master’s commission 
 





semo master’s commission 
 





heartland master’s commission 
 





duluth master’s commission 
 





saginaw master’s commission 
 





crossroads leadership college 
 





impact master’s commission 
 





u-turn master’s commission 
 





chicago master’s commission 
 





the river master’s commission 
 





empowered master’s commission 
 





san jose master’s commission 
 





central arkansas master’s commission 
 





birmingham metro master’s commission 
 






click & share


like
tweet
pin it


 

contact us
want more information? send us a message! 
 3401 holmes ave ne. huntsville, al 35816
+1 256-533-9292
info@mcin.org 


























mcin | copyright 2019 | all rights reserved






































