


the dog rescue net













the dog rescue net          












the dog rescue net
endangered dogs
hants staffie rescue
lancs animal rescues
mutts in distress
selby strays rescue
yorks animal rescues
south wales strays
cockers angels co
cockers as pets nj
hickory hill rescue va
ironton pet shelter oh
new hope rescue az
one dog rescue az
wisconsin dog rescues
northampton co shelter nc
rainbow rescue nc
rainbow rescue mn
south florida rescue
south ohio rescue
pet network virginia
pet network wv
amelia county as va
galax carroll grayson as va
giles county as va
greensville county as va
lee county pound va
russell county shelter va
scott county shelter va
smyth county shelter va
spotsylvania county as va
sussex county shelter va
surry county shelter va
tazewell dog shelter va
boxer rescue nc
chihuahua rescue
cocker spaniel rescue
peke rescue network
tibetan spaniel rescue
animals in distress net
river cities pets oh
save the shelter pets
second chance pet net
 notice board
 other rescues dogs
 re-homing advice
 find the right dog
 links
 message board
 lost and found
 lost a dog?
 found a dog?
 care and training
 dog quiz
 breed information
 dog rescue centres
 animal rescues
 breed rescues
 national rescues



















kim potterdog trainingberkshire

click here for information on dog training































the dog rescue network has been online since november 2001














 


 




 


 














dog thieves operating in the south of england - click here for more information


the dog rescue organisations on this web site are totally independent of each other and cannot be held responsible for the actions of any other rescue listed here. 
the dog rescue network cannot be held responsible for any problems arising from the information displayed on this web site or the actions of the rescue organisations listed here.

these organisations rescue unwanted dogs and cats and find them new homes. why do they do it? because no-one else will!

 the hampshire staffordshire bull terrier rescue


 boxer dogs needing homes in north carolina


 pekingese dogs needing homes


 chihuahuas needing homes


 ironton pet shelter lawrence county, ohio 


 rainbow animal rescue north carolina


 dogs for adoption in virginia


 dogs needing rescue in west virginia


 advertisements for dogs needing new homes










kim potter dog training, berkshire, uk


• ever had the feeling that your precious dog is doing just as it wants rather than what you want it to do?
• let me show you how to be the pack leader so that you will be confident with the knowledge that you can both control and protect your dog.
• your dog needs to fit in with your lifestyle. this starts with his good behaviour in your home, in preparation for good behaviour outside.  the first introduction to young children and household cats requires advance planning and patience!
• i can guarantee that you and your dog will both become more relaxed and gain more enjoyment from your time together.
• please just phone me to discuss your concerns.  if i can help you over the phone, i will.

happy dog owner marcia says: "kim came to our home after we had rescued an american bulldog.  from the start we gained instant results. 
she is not only gifted in her understanding of dogs but of people too!  we now have a very happy boy who has settled into our family life. 
 kim is always on hand for any follow up questions or concerns that we have and i have no hesitation in recommending her as a dog trainer."

for more information phone kim potter on 07941 392 521 
 or see the website 
www.kimpotterdogtraining.com








page updated: april 17th 2023























the dog rescue net
      | directory 
      | advice 
      | homes required 
      | notices 
      | lost & found 
      | dog care
      | links







