






bluewater key rv resort | discover how good life can be under the tiki

























































 













305-745-2494 
office@bluewaterkey.com















home
resort

about
resort gallery
resort map
boating
activities & events
contact us


rentals

browse lots
lot gallery
rates
rules & policies


own here

for sale
owner’s portal


discover the keys

taste of the keys
key west experiences
local services


book online
 





select page


  
 



 



 










discover how good life can be under the tiki

make yourself at home in the lush landscapes of bluewater key

book now








 premium sites are available now for
 march and april!







the keys to living free









great places to go in key westhammock at sunrisekayaking in the bayimagelot 43 patio viewboating in the keys 







tucked away in a peaceful enclave halfway between big pine and key west, you will find the destination for luxury rv-ers seeking a wondrous adventure. dotted with tiki huts and surrounded by sparkling turquoise water, this freeing escape brings you up close & personal with the vibrant florida keys tropics.
you won’t find reach-out-and-touch-your-neighbor-sized sites here, just privacy, peace, and the revitalizing perks of island living. slow down, and stretch out in your own private tiki hut. there’s one on every site! get ready to experience florida keys freedom firsthand.







when everyday life feels dull and drab, step out of your routine and into a world bursting with color, vibrancy, and magic.
with bluewater key as your home base, you’ll always be close to the unique thrills and captivating charm that the florida keys are famous for.

explore our lots









manicured gardens
look out upon blooming bougainvillea, walls of mature palm trees and the lush natural flora of our island…not the rv parked next to you.





extended living
when you’re not out exploring, you can rest easy under the shade of our sublime tiki huts – each one with its own personality & perks.





bring your toys
have a boat, jet ski, kayak, or watercraft? take advantage of private and community docks for all-day fun in the sun!







more than just a place to park your rv

are you ready to leave the mainland madness behind and channel your inner conch (a term of endearment for a long time local)?
every site at bluewater key is unique, designed by a fellow rv-er with a passion for the keys. if all the amenities of home are important to you, there’s a site for that. if direct access to the crystal-clear water is all you really care about, there’s a site for that too. no two sites are the same – find one that suits you!
















 







home
resort
browse lots
activities & events
sign up for our newsletter!
book online
 






facebook




instagram


 











































































