





pasatiempo

























online store


news


photographs


history



information


trip  planning


members login
















home



                        golf
                    

about
rates
tee times

membership
scorecard & local rules
golf lesson fees




                        dining
                    

the hollins house & the tap room
mackenzie bar & grill



weddings & events


contact


live feed  
            online store 
            gift cards 
            
            book a tee time







image courtesy of rob born








pasatiempo golf club 

pasatiempo was designed by world-renowned golf architect alister mackenzie. even though mackenzie also designed augusta national and cypress point, pasatiempo was his favorite layout and where he made his american home, which still borders the sixth fairway. today, this historic, top 100 course is a semi-private golf club that sets aside tee times each day for public play.
book a tee time










a truly historic course
from greens that have challenged generations of golfers including bobby jones, ken venturi, juli inkster, and tiger woods, to rich golf history and breathtaking scenery, pasatiempo delivers a memorable golf experience; it is truly one of the finest championship golf courses in the world. our course has hosted the western intercollegiate for the past 65 years and features the top college players in the world. pasatiempo has hosted usga championships including the 1986 u.s. women’s amateur and the 2004 u.s. senior women’s amateur. 
here is a 200 page chronological history of the life and times of dr. alister mackenzie. this documentation of dr. mackenzie is well worth spending a few minutes thumbing through the pages.





an alister mackenzie design













location and facilities

pasatiempo golf club is located in santa cruz, california, and many of its holes offer spectacular views of nearby monterey bay.
pasatiempo is a convenient drive from four local airports (monterey, san francisco, oakland and san jose). we are less than an hour’s drive from pebble beach and spyglass hill golf courses, making this region the perfect destination to access golf digest’s top 3 courses you can play in california.
pasatiempo’s outstanding facilities include a fully stocked golf shop, driving range, chipping green, putting green, the mackenzie bar & grill and the famous hollins house restaurant/special event venue. pasatiempo is the perfect place for golf outings, daily bar & grill service, corporate meetings, banquets, weddings, and fine dining.








pasatiempo was designed by world-renowned golf architect alister mackenzie. even though mackenzie also designed augusta national and cypress point, pasatiempo was his favorite layout and where he made his american home, which still borders the sixth fairway. today, this historic top 100 course is a semi-private golf club that sets aside certain tee times each day for public play.
- alan shipnuck, senior writer, sports illustrated (may 25, 2011)








live video











news & events

pasatiempo golf club has just reinstituted the trial membership program.  for more information, contact steve argo, general manager

'the whole reason for augusta national': how marion hollins became a golf course design pioneer
"hollins would introduce jones to mackenzie, then jones asked mackenzie to design what would become augusta national golf club, the home of the masters tournament."

see all the latest news











×



pasatiempo golf course
over the past 2 years, pasatiempo meticulously restored all of the greens and bunkers on both the front and back nines.  the work is now complete, and all 18 holes are open for play. 
thank you to jim urbina, theisen, roger, and nate downing of earth sculptures, and justin mandon for their help in restoring the greens and bunkers back to their original 1929, alister mackenzie design.  
the finished work is truly amazing! please come see for yourself. to book a tee time, simply click “book a tee time” below, or call us directly at (831)459-9155.
book a tee time!


close








pasatiempo golf club
20 clubhouse road
                    santa cruz, california 95060
 email us
 phone us
 get directions





receive special offers
if you would like to be on the pasatiempo email list to receive our email newsletter and notices of special offers and events press the sign up button and complete the form. you should expect to receive about 4 newsletters per year.
sign up








© 2025 pasatiempo golf club. all rights reserved.









website by smarttips.solutions






4
        

receive special offers

×



please fill out the following information and press the sign up at the bottom if you would like to be               on pasatiempo’s email list to receive notices of special offers and events

leave this field blank


first name



last name





email





phone



zip code





submit



your privacy is important to us
pasatiempo golf club will not share your email address with others and will only send you infrequent messages related to news or notices of special events.




top













