






the mary rose - the mary rose




the mary rose - the mary rose



























 















open today: 10:00am - 5:00pm


shopdonatehire 









menuplan your visit plan your visitopening timesdirections & parkingaccessibilityshop and cafefaqsgroupsfamiliesguided tours



book online!
check out our ticket options and book your next visit to the mary rose museum.
book nowwhat’s on what’s ondive the mary rose 4dguided toursbehind the scenes experiencesship hall toursmary rose on tourhatch’s history detectivesanchored in the community



enhance your visit
a guided tour is the perfect way to explore the museum’s collection in more detail.
find out morediscover discovermuseum highlightshistorycollectionsconservationresearcharchaeology



recovering a tudor icon
how the mary rose was rescued from the seabed
find out morelearn learnprimary workshopssecondary workshopssendfurther educationhome educatorslearning faqscommunity engagementwe visit you



school project?
explore life on board the mary rose as you meet the crew!
meet the crewsupport us support usvolunteeringlegaciesmembershipsponsorshipways to donatecommunity engagement



donate online
your donation will help us cover annual costs, maintain the ship, collections, and museum, and develop new educational, community and interpretation projects.
donatenews and blogshopdonatehirebook tickets  














discover the mary rose
explore henry viii’s favourite ship and the largest collection of tudor objects in the world.

book tickets









opening times

discover the museum’s opening times and plan your visit.


view opening times 




how to get here

discover the best ways to travel to the museum and plan your journey.


find directions 




ticket prices

check out our ticket options and book your next visit to the museum.


see ticket prices 




what’s on

discover our upcoming events, activities and exhibitions.


find out what’s on 










what’s on


see all events















sat 25 may 2024 – sat 31 may 2025

hatch’s history detectives
join hatch, the ship’s dog as he leads you through the museum on a multi-sensory exploration of the story of the mary rose, her crew and the tudor world.
view event 














sun 16 feb 2025 – sun 23 feb 2025

take on mark-making!
create your own ‘eye’ inspired by portsmouth artist my dog sighs. what does the mary rose, and her home city of portsmouth mean to you? 
view event 














sun 16 feb 2025 – sun 23 feb 2025

take on your senses!
have a rummage in our mystery bags and try to guess the mysterious objects within! use senses other than your eyes to work out what you think it might be – and what it could be used for!
view event 



















unearth the incredible 500-year history of the mary rose
explore the rich history and cultural significance of our collections.
learn more








the science










archaeology

learn more 















research

learn more 















conservation

learn more 




















experience inspiring educational visits to the mary rose
our award-winning learning department provide expert-led sessions designed to enrich teaching and learning in both history and stem subjects.
find out more









plan your visit











opening times
discover the museum’s opening times and plan your visit.

view opening times 











shop and cafe
find out about our museum shop and café.

cafe and shop information 











how to get here
learn the best ways to travel to the museum and plan your journey.

find directions 











accessibility 
find out about our accessibility features and facilities.

accessibility features 


















enhance your visit with a guided tour
the perfect way to explore the museum’s collection in a little more detail, led by one of our expert tour guides.









        take a peek at our artefacts      











cannon royal
this cannon royal was recovered by the deane brothers in 1836 from the main deck of the mary rose.




find out more 













boxwood knife sheath
this boxwood knife sheath, recovered with the knife handle still in place, has a number of interesting markings on it.




find out more 














nit comb
82 nit combs were found on the mary rose, the most commonly found personal objects recovered! with the exception of one ivory item, they were all made of wood.




find out more 













"this is one of the most enthralling and beautifully presented museums and overall experiences that i have been to."
bess hardwick




"really immersive and well curated museum. feels very modern and has lots of interactive screens to engage with. have been meaning to come for a number of years and was absolutely not disappointed!"
natsabin




"amazing i last went 20yrs ago ish. my last visit the ship was in a dark room being misted and that was all. now it's is a fabulous exhibition and the ship set beautifully. the staff were all lovely."
249katrinal
















sign up to our newsletter
hear about our upcoming events, news and offers before anyone else, and get an exclusive insight the collection in more detail.














please tick this box to agree that you are happy for us to process your data in accordance with our privacy policy.













the mary rose, a unique tudor time capsule


book tickets







site navigationwhat’s onplan your visitnews & blogdiscoverlearnsupport usshop about the trustabout the trusttrusteesawardsleadership teamjobs and volunteeringcontact us resourcesfaqschool faqsglossarypress and mediaterms and conditions







© 2025 the mary rose trust
privacy policy
 
































mary rose trust registered company no. 1415654 england vat registration no. gb 209 8765 70 registered charity no. 277503. mary rose trading ltd. registered company no. 1447628 england vat registration no. gb 209 8765 70. content is ©2025 the mary rose trust. website crafted by rubber cheese.












