






 



the good dog foundation - the good dog foundation




























































about us

mission
national leadership
training / volunteering options
who we help
our research
covid-19 update
staff & consultants
board of directors
scientific advisors


training / volunteering

volunteer certification
professional certification
nyc doe certification
crisis response certification
bronxcare certification
become a good dog trainer


who we help

facility partners
corporate partners
communities in crisis


our research

research overview
supporting cancer patients in treatment
teaching prisoners parenting skills
helping children recover from stress
national survey of therapy dog training


donate now










followfollowfollowfollow





donate now



 














welcome to good dog








welcome to good dog








welcome to good dog










the oldest love affair on earth has been going on for 30,000 years.it’s the bond between dogs and humans.

which explains why…

dogs can talk to us without words;
in ways that are loving, powerful, transforming;
and why, in times of pain, dogs want to help us heal.






our work

the good dog foundation harnesses the dog human bond to ease human suffering and support learning with animal assisted intervention. some examples:






good dog oliver visits a school to help children read.




good dog burl comforts a hospital counselor.





to see more videos of good dogs in action, click here.





how to participate




good dog trains, certifies and deploys volunteers and their dogs to help people in hospitals, schools, nursing homes and other facilities.






good dog trains professionals (educators, health workers, etc.) to work with their dog aspart of a professional practice.






good dog conducts research with hospitals and universities to advance the therapy dog field.







find out more about good dog training programs



find out how to havea good dog teamvisit your facility



support good dog’swork helping peopleheal and learn









 

 











contact

(888) 859-9992info@thegooddogfoundation.orgthe good dog foundationpo box 346 hudson, ny 12534

follow us on social

followfollowfollowfollow

good dog is a proud member of







sign up

news about good dog and the human-animal bond






you have successfully signed up for updates on the good dog foundation and the human animal bond.



name



email





sign up










donate now





followfollowfollowfollow

© 2025 the good dog foundation. all rights reserved.

spark my site | login



 



























subscribe!






you have successfully subscribed!
 









 
























