



  



bts lesson plans - learning to love, loving to learn













































































toggle navigation








home
what’s new
terms policy
get in touch
home
what’s new
terms policy
get in touch
 




















bts lesson plans 



									receive the right career coaching from our team of experts and teachers who are always available to guide you in every step of your education. find the references for each subject with a well-equipped library with us. 								







 
read more















welcome. 



the right path to your career begins here 



									take an online test to learn about the career options that your interests fit in. get expert guidance on point to pick the subjects that interest you. 								






explore more











 











our resources 



									subscribe to our membership and receive multiple benefits that help you during your education and career exploration.

								











e-libraryexplore over 10,000 books online with our well-arranged e-library. our affordable subscription plan makes it easy for anyone to keep learning.  







scholarshipsapply for international scholarships from one place. get assisted by our consultants on how to apply for a scholarship.  







opportunitiesfind the right universities and colleges for your future with the help of our experts. get your career advice based on your goals.  












 







choose your favorite education course from the range of programs
 











									find the right education platform that brings you one step closer to your career goal. complete the courses online or register for a college education program under our network. 								











why choose us 



									over 100,000 students have trusted us with career advice and received remarkable results for their future. our program offers career advice for over 40 different fields of study. 								









 





quality education 



									100% licensed and educated staff for quality education. 								









 





govt approved courses 



									find the right programs that are approved by the government. 								









 





latest study material 



									download the best books in your subject from our online library. 								

















as an alumnus, i would recommend the youth listen to your teachers' words here as they are dedicated to providing you the right education facility. 



 

rachel h koster
















latest news 



									subscribe to our newsletter to receive the latest updates on our programs and free structures. 								



 
becoming a trainee is an underrated career path
may 13, 2021
 

 

 
it is not always easy to decide what to become when you are young. these days there are many places where one can seek advice and guidance to find their own way into working life. below we tell you why you should choose to become a trainee. we know countries have different trainee systems/programs, but they all work somewhat similar. we will in this article take a look at the trainee system and opportunities norway has as an example.
 
you get to start working quickly!
it is the vocational educations that make young people familiar with working life at an early stage. a standard apprenticeship starts with two years of upper secondary school, followed by two years of apprenticeship. 
 
good job opportunities!
today we are experiencing a situation where birth rates in the western world are declining, which means that in the future we will lack a number of skilled workers. in addition, there is already a shortage of competent professionals in several industries.
 
many professions to choose from!
in upper secondary school, there are several choices that lead to different professions. today, the schools in norway have 8 vocational programs, which lead to more than 200 professions to choose from. 
 
you get into the housing market faster!
one who chooses a vocational subject has a better opportunity to establish himself and buy a home than many others. large student loans have been avoided and paid work has begun faster.
 
you avoid large student loans!
there are mainly two reasons why the student loan does not become so large when you choose a vocational subject. one reason is that the study itself is shorter, so you have fewer years of loans. the second reason is that when you start learning you get paid.
 
sven thome, ceo of smartemploy, one of norway’s most used businesses which helps people to søke læreplass, agrees that avoiding large student loans is one of the best advantages of becoming a trainee. it gives you a financial head start which often lasts for several decades. 
 
during the apprenticeship, you get paid!
the salary you receive is based on the starting salary of a worker with a trade certificate in the profession in which you are educated, and usually constitutes a percentage of this. many companies are linked to a collective agreement, and the wage terms for the apprentice are most often specified.
 
good for you who wants to start your own business!
statistics show that we will need many with a vocational background in the future. some professionals, therefore, choose to start their own business.
 
many opportunities for further education!
you can take a supplement to general study competence so that you have the same formal basis as study preparation. you can also walk the y-road at colleges and universities, which is special higher education for people with a certificate of apprenticeship.
 
you become solution-oriented and independent!
one with a professional background is able to think practically and becomes good at finding solutions. that sense is developed and it makes it easier to meet everyday challenges.
 
the picture of opportunities is diverse!
vocational subjects give you a good and steady start in life, with an early job and income. you will then have a good foundation for further education, or to develop further in the subject you have chosen. it is important to know that with vocational subjects, you have not closed any doors in relation to job and educational opportunities.
 

 
3 major benefits of promoting education globally
april 22, 2021april 23, 2021
 

 

schooling is often looked upon as an unnecessary expense in underdeveloped countries. in this age of relentless growth, education is the one thing that could keep people afloat in the tide of risks and challenges. illiteracy and poverty have led many groups to restrict their children from pursuing a career in a technically advanced sector. several countries are plagued by these shackles, causing internal destruction in a society with immense potential. education is, therefore, one of the strongest pillars to the growth of a local economy.
we need to pay attention to everything around us to keep learning and unlearning, as all the sectors are connected in one way or the other. on a minute level of a perspective, education provides for the families without having to suffer for long. a stable and stimulating community is what we shape through better education. let us take some of the benefits of education and promoting its effects worldwide.
1. better employment opportunities
economic chaos is the last thing we wish for in a lifetime since the crisis could put millions of lives at risk. all facets of a rich city can be kept alive only when the employment opportunities are consistent. people with lower education cannot expect much from a developing city, especially if the employment rate is growing at a slow pace. it is only when educational standards improve that the employment opportunities increase in a country. but when these options have been exponentially rising, education shouldn’t be compromised ever again.

2. higher income
the things we do for money may not always be ethical when the cash involved is big. life is not anything like we see in the movies; we need to work harder to develop a career that conforms to all ethics. once you have graduated, the employment opportunities are galore for us to explore. however, the annual income may not be as huge as the programs claimed to lead you into. so, it is important that you keep learning as you grow in order to raise your standards and income. but make sure you start with a job that offers you sufficient space to experiment with the different ideas you have for the company’s growth.

3. modern societies
what many nations lack is an efficient system to wipe away the crimes and foster peace. education is key to driving society to new heights of success and accomplishments. the culture of a country need not remain the same for centuries; it will indeed keep changing with time. we, as citizens, must educate ourselves about the various affairs and work towards solving them. understanding the values and emotions will help develop a better society for the future. conscientious decisions should lead the country ahead in the fight against corruption and other evils. only proper education can aid in this development of a nation, lending happiness, equality, and reduced hate in all the communities.

 






















					theme by pojo.me - wordpress themes				

					design by elementor 








scroll to top





























































