


welcome to tenstep pb!

















 member login    
|   register   
|  sign up for weekly tips





home

about tenstep

our products

consulting

training

templates

community

store

jobs

free stuff





















welcome

welcome to this unique project 
               management website. this website contains the content of two 
               powerful products. the first is the tenstep® project management 
               process. this complete, scalable project management methodology 
               contains all you need to be a successful project manager, 
               including processes, techniques, best practices, templates and 
               training content. the tenstep process model consists of two 
               up-front planning steps - defining the project and building the 
               workplan. there are then eight additional processes that are used 
               to manage the project, including managing the workplan, issues, 
               scope, communications, risk, documentation, quality and metrics. 
               the lower of the ten steps are applicable in some form to all 
               projects, while the processes on the higher steps may only be 
               applicable to larger or more complex projects.

the second product represented is the pmbok® guide.
    the project management institute (pmi)® has created a standard 
    framework for how to think about project management. this framework is 
    represented in their project management body of knowledge (pmbok® guide). 
    the pmbok® guide does not represent a 
    methodology. it is a model that describes the various 
    knowledge areas that pmi® thinks are important for project managers to 
    understand to be successful on projects. the knowledge areas are made up of 
processes which in turn can be tied together into higher level process groups 
(initiating, planning, executing, monitoring and controlling, closing). the pmbok® guide contains inputs, outputs 
    and techniques (typically definitions, not how-to's) that are important for 
project managers to know. 

tenstep pb™ 
    framework combines the tenstep® project management process with the 
    pmbok® guide to create a new product that can be used to manage 
    your projects. this product contains all of the detailed information from the tenstep®  
    project management process mapped into the pmbok® 
    guide. this resulting product is a great choice for companies that 
    want the clear, detailed content of the tenstep® project management process, 
    but prefer to align their overall project management model to the pmbok® 
guide. to 
        see the general mapping of the tenstep® project management process to the 
        pmbok® guide, please visit
		webpage 
a6.1 on the main www.tenstep.com website.
        

website security **

our license with the project 
	management institute requires that the content in this product be protected. the full content of this website is available to 
	individuals and companies that purchase 
    a license from tenstep, inc. (98.2 tenstep pb licenses).

tenstep pb licenses 


pmi® has licensed tenstep, inc. to create this product and to 
    utilize the complete content of the pmbok® guide, including images. further, pmi® 
    has allowed us to license this resulting product (tenstep pb) to other 
    companies, just as we do our other products. the bottom line is that 
    companies that purchase a license to this product do not have to worry about 
    license concerns with the project management institute. tenstep pb is a 
    value-added option for companies that purchase a tenstep license. for more 
    information on how to license this product, please visit
    98.2 tenstep pb licenses. 
	

a license allows your organization to utilize tenstep pb to manage your 
    projects. a license also allows your organization to access our tenstep 
    premium libraries, which contain hundreds of additional templates and 
    project management supplemental papers.

for further information on licensing this product for your 
    organization, visit 98.2 tenstep pb 
    licenses, or send an email to info@tenstep.com. 


[ 

                  previous page - 
none]  

                  [ next page - 

1.0 

introduction]

pmi is a registered mark of the project 
management institute, inc.


product info: 

 
project management,



program management, 

 portfolio management, 


project office, 

pmo, 



program management training, 

project lifecycle management, 

program consulting, 

methodology development, 

project management training 




tenstep menu
 

how to navigate | 
welcome page | 
introduction | 
environment | 
role of project manager | 
integration management | 
scope management | 
schedule management | 
cost management | 
quality management | 
resource management | 
communications management | 
risk management | 
procurement management | 
stakeholder management | 








follow us on
    
	
 






		 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 

 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 tenstep, inc. 30 chatham rd, #388, short hills, nj 07078  
 phone: 877.536.8434 or 404.375.5862     copyright © tenstep, inc.

home | 
glossary | 
site map | 
privacy policy |
advertise with us |
links |
blog


pmbok® guide - pmbok is a registered mark 
	of the project management institute, inc.


