






welcome to wise owl




























 

































                                                     



                                                     



                                                     



                                                     





                                                        
                                                                 






                                                     



                                                     



                                                     



                                                     














now available!
introducing
                                                            version 5.0!


demeanor for .net, enterprise and network editions 
                                                    5.0 are now available!

version 5.0 supports all .net assemblies from version 1.0 through version 4.8 plus .net standard 1.0 & 2.0. 

in order to run version 
                                                    demeanor for .net 5.0, you must have.net 4.8 or later installed.

current version 4.0 customers can
                                                        purchase a version 5.0 upgrade license for 25% off the list price.





                                                     








versions

 the current release
                                                        is 5.0.8493.0 and you can review the release notes
                                                    here.





                                                     



                                                     



                                                     



                                                     





                                                     








demeanor for .net, enterprise
                                                        edition provides
                                                            better obfuscation, more advanced features, support for assemblies produced by all
                                                            .net compilers, and more. and now you can be sure that demeanor for .net will support
                                                            the latest managed code features available in .net!






                                                     



                                                     



                                                     



                                                     





                                                     








"obfuscation is the best tool
                                                        a company can have at its disposal for protecting its intellectual property. and
                                                        with both ease of use and sophistication wise owl's demeanor for .net, enterprise
                                                            edition reflects the high standard that we have come to expect only from
                                                        the best." -jeffrey richter, ms press author,
                                                            co-founder of wintellect, llc. 






                                                     



                                                     



                                                     



                                                     





                                                     








"demeanor for .net is
                                                        a superior product that has been designed and written by one of our industry's leading
                                                        authorities on the subject. i find demeanor more robust and easer to use than any
                                                        other obfuscator on the marker today."
-ted pattison, consultant, ms press author, msdn
                                                        magazine columnist. 






                                                     



                                                     



                                                     



                                                     





                                                     



                                                     



 
                                                      




 





                                                     



                                                     



                                                     



                                                     













  
                                                






                                                         


                                                     






















 

























                                                 






















                                                             











































                                                 
















the first and most thorough
                                                

code obfuscator 

for .net applications!
        
                                                                    





















                                                             









                                                             





                                                             




































                                                             
















































 






home | products | publications | training | conferences | downloads | purchase | contact | about






copyright © 2002-2023 wise owl consulting llc, all rights 
				reserved       






         



