

the odessa file: news of schuyler county

















home
sports
people
features
business
govt.
forum
schools
psa
calendar
history












click on the ad above to reach the glenora website.      
--------------            
      
seneca harbor 
        station & captain bill's

to 
          reach the website of the seneca harbor station and captain bill's, click 
          here.

-----------

click on the ad above to 
        visit the visions credit union web site -- you deserve a financial partner 
        that has your best interest in mind! 
------------      
      click on the ad below.      

--------------                  
      
watkins glen supply, inc.       
p.o. box 70
2768 state route 14
607-535-2454
wgsupply@gmail.com
www.wgsupplyny.com
----------
      
      the odessa 
        file's
primary 
        pages 
sports
 
        people 
        features
 business
 government
forum
schools
 psa
 calendar
history
obituaries
 wine & tourism
classifieds 
agriculture 
columns 


click here or on the ad above to reach 
        a chamber of commerce website. 
--------------      

sct computers
apple certified technicians
        microsoft certified systems engineers
        a+ certified technicians
visit 
        us at 306 n. franklin st., watkins glen, 607-535-2495
or
124  main st., 
        penn yan 
        (315) 694-7399
email:
        support@sctcomputers.com
www.sctcomputers.com
----------------

your authorized fedex 
        ship center
        m-f 8:00-5:30 (cut off time 3 pm)
        sat. 10-2 (no pickups)
        306 n. franklin street
        watkins glen ny 14891
        607-846-7377 

click on the ad below to 
        go to the united way of schuyler county website.

---------------


curly's restaurant is 
          a page sponsor -- of our people page. people.
other page sponsors:
business -- sidle 
          insurance
sports -- cayuga health
features -- jeff's on-site services
government -- jr. specchio's inc.
schools -- new york connects, brought to you by the office for the aging.
      calendar -- hi-lites 
        
forum -- odessa wine & spirits 
------------------

to reach the fowl website, click on the logo above.
      -----------
      
to go to jim guild's famous brands website, click on 
          the drawing above or here.
        
      ----------------- 
      our primary pages
sports
 
        people 
        features
 business
 government
forum
schools
 psa
 calendar
history
obituaries
 wine & tourism
classifieds 
columns 
----------- 


click below to go to the 
            rotary club website. 




----------         



contact this website at:




chaef@aol.com




              ---------------- 
          



  
          



4 
              novels by the editor
island nights
excerpt here.
the islander
the entire novel:
prelude-chapter 
              4 
chapters 
              5-13 
chapters 
              14-21 
chapters 
              22-29 
chapters 
              30-36
chapters 
              37-44. 
cabins in the mist
excerpt here 

the maiden of mackinac
excerpts maiden
and here and here.  
---------------







             
          







              
          



             
          



             
          







 



click on the ad below to reach the  website.




 
 
tuesday      schuyler 
              sports scoreboard
boys basketball
                watkins glen 50, tioga 31
next: wg at candor at 3 p.m wednesday. 
story on sports. 
photo: watkins glen's caleb bresett shoots in traffic. 





 
 
 glen pba pitches in with aed for youth  group

the watkins glen police benevolent association (pba) voted tuesday night to pay for and donate a $1,500 aed (automated external defibrillator) to  schuyler county youth baseball and softball. the vote followed a request at tuesday's watkins glen village board meeting by youth baseball and softball vice president jesse schubmehl, who was seeking access by his group to  a village defibrillator kept locked in the community center at clute park, near the ball fields utilized by the kids. 
watkins glen police sergeant ethan mosher, on hand at the meeting, pointed out  problems in expanded access to the  community center (such as  extra keys) and asked schubmehl if he  might prefer that the pba donate  a defibrillator  to the youth group rather than make its usual annual donation of $500 or so for uniforms. schubmehl said yes, and by the end of the meeting mosher had secured approval from pba members by text.
photo: youth group vp jesse schubmehl at  board meeting. 







 
watkins boys jv falls to lansing in title game
 the watkins glen high school boys junior varsity basketball team lost 62-34 monday to lansing in the interscholastic athletic conference large school championship game played in lansing's gym. sports.







 
 a   weekly column from 
              state senator o'mara 
state senator  tom o'mara  provides us with a weekly column -- this one titled  "ny's all-electric school bus mandate still ignoring stop signs." column.


left: state sen. tom o'mara







 
watkins girls to play for iac large school title
 the watkins glen high school girls varsity basketball team will play whitney point at 6 p.m. thursday, feb. 20 at tompkins cortland community college for the interscholastic athletic conference large school championship. sports.






 
 
and inside:

--talk set on chemung canal's "dark side." features.
--cayuga health tops $5m campaign goal. business.
--o'mara seeking veterans hof nominations. govt.
                --donate life art contest set. govt.
--family court e-filing now in schuyler. govt.
                --st. james' annual donation to bequia. people.
                --facade improvement program reopened. govt. 
              --wine fest has new name, "new look." fest.






 
 
 colunio named superintendent at s. seneca

watkins glen high school principal kyle colunio has been appointed as the next superintendent of the south seneca central school district. colunio will temporarily remain in his role at wghs while the school transitions to new leadership. the watkins district, said wgcsd superintendent kai d'alleva,  is developing a  succession "to maintain continuity of leadership," which will include  an upcoming interim principal. for a letter from d'alleva, see forum.
photo: kyle colunio





 
 
 4 seek to succeed messmer as odessa mayor

fears that there might not be anyone interested in succeeding gerry messmer as mayor of the village of odessa have been put to rest. four people have filed petitions to run for the 2-year post in the march 18 election.
candidates are katherine wilkens, daniel heichel, dustin carnes and ronald greschler. the lone candidate for one of the two trustee seats available: cindy emerson. the other 2-year seat will likely be filled by appointment.
also on the ballot: incumbent ronald goossen, seeking another 4-year term as village justice. he has held the post since 2009. 






 
 
  trib 24 awards ahead ...
 the editor touches on a number of subjects and achievements, and call for nominations for the odessa file's annual tribute awards. column.

                anyone 
                caring to advertise may contact the publisher, charlie haeffner, 
                at chaef@aol.com for information.






 
montour falls, hector repair cafes set again 
 the village of montour falls and the town of hector are partnering to  return two repair cafés to schuyler county this spring. they will follow  two successful events last year. features.
photo: lamp repair at a repair café last year. (provided)






 
 2 individuals, 1 group join the essentials
longtime radio announcer rick hughey and  retired physical education teacher barbara hughey are the latest individuals honored as essentials -- part of a group of outstanding schuyler county residents or natives who have impacted society. the hugheys are married to one another, but reached this honor by distinctly individual routes. also honored: the squires drum and bugle corps, a local group that grew to national prominence across 17 years starting in 1964. more than an organization, it was an inspirational movement and  a source of area pride. there are now 22 men, 22 women and the squires among the essential honorees. essentials. 



click on the ad below. 


to reach the statements website, click here.



the falls behind dr. kevin field's office in   burdett.


click on the ad below to reach the falls home website.











              looking to buy  sports and  non-sports trading cards, mostly pre-1988, along with movie related memorabilia.  call 
                 charlie  haeffner at (607) 742-2772. 

 
 
 
and inside
            
read the latest letters to the editor on the forum page. 



        for 
          part 
          1 of "schuyler county and 
          me," reprised, click here. 
          
          for part 2, click here. 
          for part 3, click 
          here .
for part 
          4, click 
          here.
 for 
          part 5, click 
          here. 

          ****** 
the editor's columns


--obituaries--
death notices 
        on the obituary page. 

        arthur d. sims, 82, of beaver dams.
        violet  (usher) vanwormer, 95, formerly of reynoldsville.        
        christian charles “cody”  cook, 74, of watkins glen.
        sandra l. dykshoorn,  66, of odessa.
        gloria i. mosher, 101, of valois.
        mary f. (johnson) benjamin, 84, formerly of odessa.
        sally j. dupuy,  46, formerly of montour falls.
        nancy dean combs, 87, of burdett.        
        edward harrison peterson, 71, of watkins glen.
        keith wayne mckenney, 80, of burdett.        
        william j. holub,  84, of newfield.
        robert  floyd scott, 76, formerly of montour falls.   
        bettylou pearsall, 88, of watkins glen.        
        emma j. “mars”  rogers,  17, of odessa. 
        jack t. and patricia a. may, formerly of watkins glen.
        
        dennis k. “denny” snow, 75, of montour falls.        

to reach the famous brands website, click here.






 
 
  donations gratefully accepted ...
since the odessa file operates primarily on the strength of advertising, its economic well-being can become a bit tenuous, especially when  advertisers opt not to continue on these pages. 
accordingly, any  reader contributions  are very welcome. anyone wishing to send a donation can do so by mailing it to: the odessa file, p.o. box 365, odessa, ny 14869.





 
 
  take advantage of our ad rates ...
the odessa file operates primarily on the strength of advertising, although a few readers send contributions to help the cause. 
ad space is always available, in different page locations, but currently  key page sponsorships are also available: atop the    psa page (at $50/month). 
for a look at our ad rate chart, click here. for more information, contact the odessa file by email (chaef@aol.com) or by phone at 607-742-2772.







 
 a column  from phil palmesano
 assemblyman   palmesano offers another column from albany, this one titled: "electric school bus mandate should be a non-starter."  column.

photo: assemblyman phil palmesano. 





senior night
senior night ceremonies were held friday, feb. 7 for o-m bowling, watkins glen girls basketball and o-m cheerleading and boys basketball. from left: o-m cheerleading honorees cassie allen, maya moser and paisley jeziorski. not pictured: cheerleader hailey waterman. 
--annual elks hoop shoot contest results. forum.--



 
 
 watkins' cullen-pike rolls  300 

watkins glen high school sophomore brett cullen-pike rolled a 300 game tuesday, feb. 4 to lead the lake hawks  varsity bowling team to a 4-0 victory over lansing at harborside lanes. sports. 
photo: cullen-pike celebrates perfect game.







 
cayuga health and arnot health unite
 arnot health and cayuga health have formally announced their new   affiliation, which will now operate under the name centralus health. business.





 
 
 mayor denardo reviews watkins glen's 2024 

watkins glen mayor laurie denardo (pictured at right) provides a column recapping a very busy 2024 in the village, as well as looking ahead. "we have been striving to make our village better than ever," she writes, noting that 2024 "brought many accomplishments in doing so." column.




congressman nick langworthy, right, addresses  schuyler county business and government leaders during his stop at the hotel laurel at seneca.


 
 
 langworthy visits schuyler, talks to leaders

republican congressman nick langworthy  visited the hotel laurel at seneca, located on rt. 14 north of watkins glen, on jan. 31 to update local business and government leaders on current trends in washington, d.c. and to field their questions. the 90-minute session covered a wide range of topics, from medicaid to agriculture to immigration to partisan bickering to a new direction under the trump administration. "changes are afoot in washington," he said, adding: "it's a good thing." among those present were schuyler county legislators mark rondinaro, phil barnes, jim howell and laurence jaynes; county administrator shawn rosno; chamber of commerce executive director nigar hale; sheriff kevin rumsey, and assemblyman phil palmesano. the stop followed others by langworthy earlier in the day in steuben, chemung and tioga counties. 
photo: congressman nick langworthy, right,  with schuyler county legislator laurence jaynes.





 
 
 harbor hotel fire & ice celebration concludes

the watkins glen harbor hotel's annual three-night fire & ice celebration -- popularly known as the ice bar -- drew to a conclusion on  feb. 1. the event, which donates a portion of its proceeds to the schuyler health foundation, featured ice-carved  sculptures, drink bars and martini luges; roaring fire pits; local wines and beer; hors d'oeuvres, chili and chowder; music and dancing; fireworks; and camaraderie in the middle of a long and often-depressing winter. 
photo: carved ice bar at this year's fire & ice celebration. 






 
 
 2 trips past clute park, 2 photos of eagles

area photographer maggie field sent along the eagle studies above on  jan. 22, explaining that she spotted them "on this chilly day ... at clute park ... one on my way in to watkins glen and the other on the way out ... i always say timing is everything when on the lookout for birds."





 
 
 fire destroys buildings in ovid  business block

the village of ovid's main street was closed wednesday after a windblown overnight fire raced through several businesses in a full downtown block. the fire -- the starting point was a charging device plugged into an electrical outlet  -- drew 200 firefighters from around the region who battled the flames into the sub-zero morning hours. minor injuries were reported. six businesses were affected (five of them were demolished), and 60 people lost their jobs.





 
 
 vanhorn promoted at larson design group

larson design group (ldg) has announced the  promotion of kristin vanhorn to the position of  director of planning &  gis. van horn was the schuyler county director of planning from 2013-2023. business.
photo: kristin vanhorn 






 
 drone soccer has arrived
 middle and high school students -- and soon those in college -- are competing across the country in the esport of drone soccer -- including in the southern tier. see column and schools. 





 
 
 brusso, havens honored as students of month

seniors nick brusso of watkins glen high school and abigail havens of odessa-montour high school were honored thursday by the watkins-montour rotary club as its january students of the month.
 brusso was introduced by teacher sam brubaker, subbing for teacher sarahjane harrigan, who called the honoree a "wonderful role model" for other students who is "involved in band, chorus, and  school and lake country players musicals" as well as in  the area all-state mixed chorus. 
havens was introduced by teacher randi hauber, who said that the honoree, quiet by nature, "has been involved in service through her local girl scout troop," a group whose girl scout law "she does her best to live by." among its goals: to "make the world a better place."
photos in text: nick brusso and abigail havens at rotary.





 
 
 palmesano is  assistant minority leader again

assemblyman phil palmesano (r,c-corning) has been reappointed to the assembly republican conference leadership team as assistant minority leader. in addition, he will  continue to serve as ranking member for the assembly energy committee and serve on the corporations, authorities & commissions, correction, insurance, rules, and ways & means committees. palmesano has served as the assistant minority leader since 2020 and the ranking member on the assembly energy committee since 2013. 
photo: assemblyman phil palmesano


assemblyman   palmesano offers a column titled: "superfund act does nothing but hurt new yorkers."  column.


legislature chair carl blowers, left, and county administrator shawn rosno at the organizational meeting.


 
 
 blowers re-appointed; rosno gets 4-year pact

the schuyler county legislature reappointed  carl blowers as  chairman  at its annual organizational meeting wednesday. blowers, now entering his sixth year as chair,  has been on the legislature since 2015. in other action,  shawn rosno, who was initially appointed county administrator on dec. 12, 2023 through dec. 31, 2024, was given a  contract wednesday that extends his term through dec. 31, 2028. 


tax bill errors being corrected. government.



 
 
 interest rising: residents eyeing board seats

the odessa village board monday night tabled two resolutions that would have started the lengthy process to dissolve the village government -- a measure that mayor gerry messmer has warned is possible if  village residents   continued  showing no  interest  in running for  the village board in the  march election. messmer will not seek re-election after seven years as mayor, and neither will two trustees, tom letteer and kristine gardner. those vacancies, messmer has urged, need to be filled. of a dozen residents present at monday's meeting, half raised their hands when asked by messmer who among them might be running for either mayor or trustee. that prompted the board to postpone action on the dissolution -- to wait and see if enough residents submit nominating petitions during the designated feb. 4-11 period. at least one of those hand-raisers said he intends to run for mayor. said messmer of the upswing in interest: "it's looking pretty good."
photo: odessa mayor gerry messmer at monday's meeting.







 
 
 elks lodge honors its 60-year members

watkins glen elks lodge #1546 held a special ceremony recently to honor 60-year members of the lodge. from left in photo above: kenneth  depew, amedio fraboni, jr., raphael specchio, jr.,  thomas wade,  thomas meehan, dominick franzese, jr., and charles fitch. both specchio and fitch are past exalted rulers. 
                at right: the full list of 60-year members.






 
 visit jerlando's ristorante & pizzeria
three locations: in watkins glen, horseheads 
                and montour falls
 click here or on the photo at left to go to the jerlando's website. there 
                you will find information about all three locations, plus menus.
left: the front of the recently renovated jerlando's at franklin and 
                4th streets, watkins glen




watkins glen harbor hotel 
          on the seneca lake waterfront.
          16 n. franklin st, watkins glen, ny
          (607) 535-6116 
upscale, contemporary rooms and suites plus an american restaurant, an indoor pool and a fitness center.

for other recent schuyler county 
          news, click here.




 
 pet of the week: sirius

name: sirius
sex: neutered male
age: 10 months
breed: mixed breed
size: medium

the so-called potter pups were found abandoned in a wooded area running  at large for a couple of days until they were scooped us by some good  samaritans who brought them to safety. scared, shut down, full of  parasites and ticks, and some very skinny, we feared  that they faced a long journey before being ready for their new homes.  but we're thrilled to say that they have responded quickly to care and  kindness and are ready for their new homes! this guy is a real athlete  and always ready to play! he loves the company  of other dogs and is fine with cats. 

              sirius is one of the larger ones and seems to rely on his more outgoing  siblings for a bit of security and to brave the new world around him.  all would likely do best with older children.

              all are about 10 months old.
the adoption fee for puppies is $275. all have been spayed or neutered,  will be vaccinated for rabies, kennel cough, and dhlpp, have had a complete  fecal analysis, been treated for internal and external parasites, are  heartworm tested and on heartworm preventative and  flea and tick preventative and are microchipped. stop in on monday,  thursday and friday from 10-1, saturdays from 10-4, or sundays from 2-5  without an appointment or call us at 607-594-2255 to schedule an  appointment. or visit our website, www.schuylerhumane.org,  to fill out an adoption application to get the process started.




from left, legislators phil barnes, mark rondinaro and laurence jaynes at the year end meeting. 


 
 
 legislature holds its end-of-year session
 
the schuyler county legislature met monday morning for a brief year end meeting to vote on a dozen-and-a-half resolutions heading into the new year. the legislators will meet at 9 a.m. on jan. 8 for their annual organizational meeting. among monday's resolutions: one recognizing the dedication and service of county employees who passed away, retired, or left elected office  in the past year. 







 
 
 two added to hawks weightlifting hall of fame

two new inductees -- watkins glen high school seniors aiden nichols and balan ault -- have been added to the lake hawks weightlifting hall of fame at that school. the hall, initiated and run by coach ralph diliberto, opened in 2007, when jeff meehan was  the first to be inducted. there are 29 names and two teams on the hall's board.  "this year," said diliberto, "i've selected aiden nichols and balan ault for their  dedication to fitness-weight training,  their overall integrity, and sportsmanship. they also spend endless  hours showing others proper form and help to enhance their physical  well-being." both have played varsity lacrosse, while nichols has also played  varsity football, and ault is a varsity wrestler.
photo: aiden nichols, left, and balan ault. (photo provided)





 
 
 year-end, 2025 organizational meetings set

the schuyler county legislature, meeting monday night, passed three dozen housekeeping, policy and procedural resolutions and set the dates and times of its next two sessions. the year-end meeting will be held at 9 a.m. monday, dec. 30, and   the 2025 organizational meeting at 9 a.m. wednesday, jan. 8 in the legislative chambers of the county office building. 
photo: legislators jim howell, left, and gary gray on monday.





 
 
 voters reject capital improvement project

 voters in the watkins glen central school district voted 430-174 tuesday against the district's proposed $35.8 million capital improvement project. "the  facilities committee will reconvene to revisit district priorities and  explore next steps," said superintendent kai d'alleva. schools.




bands and choruses performed at the watkins glen concert. 


 
 
 'tis the season ... for school winter concerts

winter concerts were held tuesday and wednesday evenings, respectively, at the watkins glen and odessa-montour high schools. the concert at  wghs featured instrumental and vocal performances by 3rd through 8th graders, while drawings and paintings by students were featured in a hallway art show.  at o-m, the middle school and high school bands and choirs performed in the fetter-brown auditorium. in both cases, the concerts drew packed houses. 
right: at the o-m concert. 






 
 50+ students offload seneca santa  gifts 
 watkins glen high school students turned out in force on wednesday afternoon, dec. 11th  for an annual event: the offloading of a hesselson's truck (left) full of seneca santa gifts heading for christmas eve morning delivery to 191 schuyler county children in need. features.






 
 
 snow squall over seneca

 this photo of a squall over seneca lake at sunrise on dec. 12th was sent us by emily peckham, who said it was snapped from atop stewart road, catharine. 





 
 
rotary club honors 4 as students of  month

four students -- seniors at the watkins glen, odessa-montour and bradford high schools -- were honored dec. 5th by the watkins-montour rotary club at a luncheon at the montour moose lodge. people.
photo: honoree sarah strobel, an odessa-montour senior.







 
 
 6 inducted into national honor society at o-m

six odessa-montour high school students were inducted dec. 2nd into the ranks of the o-m chapter of national honor society, bringing the chapter's active membership to 15. the ceremony took place in the school's fetter-brown auditorium. schools.
photo: candles played a role in the  induction ceremony.







 
 
 the odessa file all-schuyler all-sports teams

with the autumn sports season over, we present first, second and third team all-stars from all of the sports at the watkins glen and odessa-montour high schools. and we name the schuyler fall mvp in what amounts to a break from tradition. sports. 




santa and mrs. claus wave to the crowd in the  final float.


 
 
 crowd turns out for chilly village christmas 

a large crowd walked along franklin steet in watkins glen during the annual village christmas on dec. 6, stopping in  stores to warm up from the mid-20s temperatures and visiting the estimated 70 vendors set up along the several blocks closed to motor traffic. there was a petting zoo, and face painting, and free balloon creations. then, at 6:30, the spectators enjoyed a long parade featuring fire trucks from several area departments, each decked with holiday lights; and a dozen floats with varying christmas-movie themes, followed at the end by santa and mrs. claus on a visions credit union float.
photo: one of santa's elves. 





 
 
 a photo contributed by maggie field ...

 photographer maggie field sent along the photo on the right, with this notation: "a heron from a magical time at  taughannock falls gorge ... it let me walk beside it for about a quarter  mile while it was intent on catching a bite ... i couldn’t believe what a  great time it was to get so close  to a heron ... i kept my distance ... staying around 20 or 30 yards away ... wow."





 
 
 forum: odessa needs new mayor and at least 
              three board members, or dissolution looms

odessa mayor gerry messmer, nearing the end of his term as the village's leader, calls  for residents to step up and serve on the village board -- cautioning that  failure to do so might result in  dissolution of the village's government. forum. 
photo: mayor gerry messmer





 
 
info session held on proposed $35.8m project 

a public referendum on the watkins glen school district's proposed $35.8 million capital improvement project will be held from noon-8 p.m. on dec. 17th. an informational meeting was held dec. 3rd in the watkins glen school board room. schools.




jeff and heidi fazzary, with daughter gabby (left), prepared the meals  at their art & nancy's eatery. the second annual  dinner was sponsored by the schuyler county veterans service agency. 


 
 
 vets provided with annual thanksgiving meal

the schuyler county veterans service agency sponsored its second annual  thanksgiving-themed turkey dinner for area veterans and their families monday, nov. 25 at  art & nancy's restaurant in watkins glen. the turkey-and-trimmings meal was prepared, as it was at last year's event, by eatery owners jeff and heidi fazzary and daughter gabby,  helped by a number of volunteers like jeff and linda confer, tony vickio, michel ray, ed alling and phil barnes. the event, which drew a large  crowd   in its first hour last year, was spaced out this time across several hours with reserved times, reducing the early turnout. 
photo: two of the food plates prepared for veterans. 








 
a column by odessa 
              mayor gerry messmer 
 the mayor provides us with another in his  series of columns on what is happening in odessa. this time, with his own retirement and two village trustee vacancies coming, he says: "i really hope some folks will step up to fill these vacancies to move odessa to the next level." column.

photo: odessa mayor gerry messmer





 
 
 rotary honors reynolds as student of month

odessa-montour high school senior cara reynolds was honored nov. 21 by the watkins-montour rotary club as its o-m student of the month for november. reynolds was introduced by teacher holly campbell, who said reynolds -- who has served as stage manager for campbell in  school musicals -- is "quiet, but takes charge of a situation when she needs to." she also said the honoree, who recently won four events in the section iv, class c swimming championships and is ranked no. 1 in her class academically, "is compassionate, which will serve her well" in the profession she plans to pursue -- that of veterinarian. reynolds said she plans to attend suny canton, and after that  cornell university for her doctor of  veterinary medicine degree. 
photo: cara reynolds with her student of the month award. 






a picturesque scene in cayutaville after the overnight snow. 


 
 
 pre-thanksgiving snow falls, disrupts power 

 a snowstorm thursday night and into friday, nov. 22 brought the first significant blast of winter weather to schuyler county, causing brief power outages in some places  and longer ones up in the higher elevations. several inches of heavy snow fell, creating sketchy driving conditions and downing some lines and limbs. 
photo: snow-caked trees and sagging wires along buck hill road. (photos provided)







 
  park playground, new apartments celebrated
 dri-related projects at watkins glen's clute park (a new playground) and in downtown watkins (the harborside village apartments) were the subject nov. 12th of ceremonies featuring  new york state secretary of state walter t. mosley. government. 




photo: from left, watkins glen mayor laurie denardo, nys secretary of state walter t. mosley and scoped executive director judy mckinney cherry at the clute park ceremony. 



 
 
 legislature approves 2025 county budget 

 the schuyler county legislature on nov. 12th  approved the county's 2025 budget during a meeting in the human services complex in montour falls. county administrator shawn rosno presented an overview of the spending plan before the vote. the $66,726,085 budget calls for a tax levy of $11,401,899. the six legislators present approved it. chair carl blowers and legislator david reed were absent. 
photo: schuyler county administrator shawn rosno at tuesday's meeting.





 
 
 hendrickson places 78th at ny state xc meet

watkins glen high school's isaac hendrickson finished in 78th place among 120 runners saturday in the boys class d  new york state public high school athletic association cross country championships  in queensbury. hendrickson completed the 5k course in 18:36.9. "isaac had a great cross-country season," said his coach, kelly sterner. "he is only a sophomore and  is looking forward to putting in the work he needs to keep improving." present to cheer him  on were his watkins glen teammates, whose presence sterner called "wonderful."
photo: isaac hendrickson (provided) 







 
 
 watkins elementary students honor veterans 

 military veterans were honored tuesday, nov. 12 by watkins glen elementary school students with speeches and songs during a celebration in the high school auditorium. the event, which attracted about 30 area veterans, was the first of its kind in the school, but officials said they hope to make it an annual event. schools.

photo: one of two keynote speakers, army veteran james coleman, now a police officer.





          holding the section iv, class c championship plaque. from left, the storm's emily melveney, aubrey klemann and kendra fish. 


 
 
 storm swimmers win 8th straight section title

the schuyler storm girls varsity swim team dominated the section iv, class c meet nov 9th, winning 10 of 11 races on the way to its 8th straight championship.  see sports.







 
 
 schuyler firefighters helping to fight wildfire

 fifteen firefighters from schuyler county were dispatched nov. 12th to the greenwood lake fire district  in orange county to help battle a wildfire  that had  burned more than 5,000 acres in new york and new jersey. firefighters from the montour falls, watkins glen, tyrone, burdett, mecklenburg, hector and beaver dams departments were to work 12-hour shifts to help with fire suppression and to protect homes in danger. "the resources there have been depleted," said matt maloney, the schuyler county emergency management deputy fire coordinator. "it's good to be able to lend a hand because the emergency could be here someday, and we could be asking for crews to come here to help us.





janette foster at the podium for her veterans day speech.


 
 
 vet's wife: 'ptsd is real, and vets live with it' 

the wife of a vietnam war veteran, janette foster of reading center, was the featured speaker nov. 11 at the annual veterans day ceremony at the watkins glen community center. she said her husband, donald, who served in vietnam in army helicopters before she met and married him more than 50 years ago, has suffered post-traumatic stress disorder and extensive hearing loss because of his vietnam experience. the ptsd is manifested in various ways, such as through night sweats and startled reaction to loud noises. "ptsd is real," she said, "and vets live with it 24/7. i wish i could make all the demons go away, but i can't." she also lauded the veterans service agency -- which was present to feed  the ceremony attendees -- for providing services to veterans, including hearing aids for her husband.
photo in text: vietnam vet donald foster at the ceremony.





laurey (bethany mccarthy) and curly (mark cox) sing "people will say we're in love" on opening night.



 
lcp's oklahoma! ends  its run at  watkins glen high
 the lake country players performed the  american classic musical oklahoma! for the fourth and final time sunday, nov. 10 in the watkins glen high school auditorium. the show opened friday night, and had two saturday performances. features.





 
 
 state park's sentry bridge will be replaced

the new york state office of parks,   recreation and historic preservation (oprhp) has announced  that the current footbridge known as the sentry bridge at the entrance of watkins glen state park will be replaced   next year. a new, sustainable span will be built "to last through the next 100   years," said  park officials. it will replace the 1908 span that has been compromised by time and weather. bridge. 
photo in text: a rendering showing what the bridge will look like. (provided) 





 
 
 montour falls get $628k grant for fire dept.

 the village of montour falls has been selected to receive a new york state division of homeland security grant of $628,795 for its fire department -- part of a $25 million distribution to more than 80 municipalites, fire districts and fire departments around the state as part of a volunteer fire infrastructure & response equipment (v-fire) grant program. it will, says a homeland security spokeswoman, be used by montour falls to upgrade the fire department's facilities.





 
 
 langworthy, tenney re-elected to congress 

republican congressman nick langworthy (right) won re-election nov. 5th from the 23rd congressional district, easily defeating democratic challenger thomas carle. the district covers western new york and much of the southern tier, including a  portion of schuyler county. 
also representing part of schuyler: claudia tenney, who was also re-elected in the 24th district.
meanwhile, state senator tom o'mara and assemblyman phil palmesano won re-election, running unopposed.





 
 
 beaver dams crash victim: a horseheads man

the  person fatally injured in a one-vehicle accident nov. 2nd  at the intersection of state rte. 414 and rockwell road in beaver dams has been identified as donald e. lincoln, 55, of horseheads. the schuyler county sheriff's office says lincoln, traveling on rte. 414, left the road and struck an embankment and several trees. the investigation, it added, "revealed speed and not wearing a seatbelt contributed to this fatal accident." 







 
 
 schuyler humane society gets $1.5 million gift

the humane society of schuyler county is among 82 organizations across upstate new york  receiving $360 million in major awards -- in gifts -- from the golisano foundation. the humane society award of $1.5 million, given over four years, will allow the organization to expand community outreach programs to improve animal welfare in the area. "we are tremendously grateful," said chad hendrickson, chairman of the humane society board. "this gift," added executive director georgie taylor, "will further the sustainability of the organization, which will make a difference for every animal who crosses our door for years to come." 




congressman nick langworthy addresses his chef's audience. 


 
 
 langworthy visits chef's as election day nears

 u.s. rep. nick langworthy paid a visit to our region on oct. 17, with stops in corning and elmira before visiting classic chef's outside montour falls, where a group of 16 folks -- invited to the event -- interacted with him. the congressman, who said he wished he could  touch base with the people of schuyler more often, discussed war (in ukraine and the middle east), the death of hamas leader yahya sinwar ("a butcher" who "i hope rots in hell"), project 2025 ("i  don't even know what it is ... there is no reality behind it"), the need for "cowboy diplomacy" on the world stage instead of the "weakness" shown by president biden, and the upcoming election, in which "hopefully people are going to give me another term." among those present were schuyler legislature chair carl blowers and legislators phil barnes and laurence jaynes, as well as montour falls mayor jim ryan and county sheriff kevin rumsey.
photo: congressman nick langworthy at classic chef's.




mars rogers, selected by the judges as one of three talent-show winners, sings "from the start" by laufey. 


 
 
talent show offers variety of acts at o-m

three winners were selected by a panel of four judges on oct. 18 at the "o-m's got talent" show in  odessa-montour high school's fetter-brown auditorium. selected as winners among 14 acts were mars rogers, who sang "from the start" by laufey; jaxson pound, who took the stage to solve a rubik's cube in about a minute; and alex campbell, who sang "whither must i wander" by ralph vaughan williams. other acts included several individual singers, a vocal quartet, a piano solo, and a pogo stick jumper. 
right: noelle freund sings 
                "let it go" from "frozen."




the ribbon is cut at the overlook coffee company in burdett. from left: burdett mayor linda arcangeli; cayuga health system coo tracy gates (mother of brittany thorpe, who owns the building with husband adam, and of brandon evans, who owns the business with his wife christina gandy); the thorpes;  evans and  gandy; schuyler legislator laurence jaynes (rear); watkins glen area chamber of commerce executive director nigar hale; sharon murphy from the office of congressman nick langworthy, and schuyler county deputy administrator chris desrochers. 


 
 
 ribbon is cut at overlook coffee company

a ribbon cutting was held wednesday morning, oct. 16 to celebrate the arrival of the overlook coffee company at 3825 main street in the village of burdett. the company, in a building owned and renovated by adam and brittany thorpe, is owned and operated by the husband-wife team of brandon evans (brittany thorpe's brother) and christina gandy. it opened in july and has  already become a popular hangout for area residents. the business's mission: "to bring the finest, handcrafted coffees to the community."
photo in text: business owners brandon evans and wife christina gandy, with gandy holding a special congressional recognition presented by sharon murphy from the office of u.s. rep. nick langworthy. 





 
 
 2  killed in dix accident were visitors from india

 the two people killed late sunday morning, oct. 13,  in a two-car accident at the intersection of county routes 16 and 17 in the town of dix have been identified by  the schuyler county sheriff's department as a visiting husband and wife from india, manjula velikanti, 55, and prasad velikanti, 61. they were passengers in an eastbound car operated by their son, anjani velikanti, 30, who lives in downstate new york  and who they were visiting. their car was struck by a northbound vehicle and rolled over, with the two victims ejected. the  sheriff's office said anjani velikanti was not injured, and was issued a summons for allegedly failing to yield the right of way. the driver and passenger of the other vehicle were not injured. 




wghs senior julia spahalski addresses the rotarians. 


 
 
 2 honored as rotary students of the month

 odessa-montour high school senior riley brooks (right) and watkins glen high school senior julia spahalski (above) were honored oct. 17th by the watkins -montour rotary club as its students of the month for october. 
brooks, introduced by o-m secretary judy kastenhuber, was lauded for her volunteerism, and for her leadership and  dedication as treasurer "of several clubs" -- as well as of the national honor society and the class of 2025. a golfer and swimmer, she is also a member of student council and drama club, and has participated in school plays for three years. she plans to attend either florida state university or suny canton to pursue a career as a crime scene investigator.
spahalski (pictured at top), introduced by coach ralph diliberto, was lauded for her volunteerism and kind, respectful approach to life. a promising soccer player before knee injuries sidelined her, she holds state powerlifting records through strength training led by diliberto, and is a member of the lake hawks weightlifting hall of fame. recently named the wghs homecoming queen, she is president of  student council, helps oversee the school store, and volunteers in the elementary school. she plans to attend college in elementary education with an eye toward a career as an elementary school teacher.
photo in text: o-m senior riley brooks with her award.





 
 
 comet tsuchinshan-atlas in the evening sky

this photo was submitted by mark p. taylor phd, who wrote: 
"comet tsuchinshan-atlas looking west  from fitzpatrick hill at about 7:15 p.m. on october 15. 
"the comet has made  its turn around the sun and is heading out of the solar system to its  home in the oort cloud.
"it will be back in about 80,000 years."
it is expected to be best seen through oct. 26 after making its closest approach last saturday.
photo: mark p. taylor






 
 
 rotary honors vickio as paul harris fellow

 tony vickio, renowned local sign painter, corvette lover and head of the spirit of schuyler -- which provides emergency funding to people in need -- was on hand thursday at a meeting of the watkins-montour rotary club to tell the club about a recent trip he took to monza, italy to attend the italian grand prix. he was surprised, though, when he was first honored as a paul harris fellow -- a rotary award honoring people exhibiting  service above self. after his talk, vickio had some news for rotarians -- the return of a corvette festival (introduced in 2023 but not held in 2024) set for may 17-18, 2025. it will include a car show at clute park and a downtown festival in watkins glen.
photo: tony vickio with rotary's bridgette stewart, who presented him with the paul harris honor. he was introduced by rotarian don stocum, who lauded vickio's spirit of schuyler.





 
 
 fire district formation meeting is canceled

 odessa fire chief adam mahnke announced sunday that the "proposed formation of a fire district for the odessa area has been unsuccessful" -- and that, accordingly, a planned hearing on oct. 16 regarding formation of the district has been "canceled at this time." mahnke said that the towns involved -- catharine and parts of montour, cayuta, hector and veteran  -- "will need to continue to contract for fire service protection" from the odessa hose and chemical company, which "will continue to provide services ... for as long as we are able to do so." the  fire district, which would have been similar in scope to the existing fire protection service, was needed, odessa mayor gerry messmer said at an initial public hearing on sept 18, because the village's very existence as a municipality depends on it. creation of the district, he said, would remove the odessa fire department from village control and from its books -- at a time when operating the department has become more than the village can afford.





 
 
 gardner honored by veterans' services dept.

kristine gardner, former schuyler county veterans service officer and director, has been honored by her new employer, the new york state department of veterans' services at the bath va campus, as its rookie all-star  for her work as a veterans benefits advisor. the department said gardner has, since assuming her post on july 5 following her controversial april 18 dismissal by schuyler county, raised repressed claim numbers and "re-established past services such as weekly rounds at the bath vamc's community living  center" -- showing "high levels of reliability, adaptability and self-initiative." said gardner: "i am beyond humbled."
photo: kristine gardner, center, receives award from dept. of veterans' services deputy commissioner joel evans and commissioner viviana decohen. (provided)





the wghs homecoming court: from left, sam caslin, isaiah rudy,  liam smith,  julia spahalski, kendra fish and molly coolican. (photos provided) 


 
 
 wghs names its homecoming  queen, king

 watkins glen high school's homecoming weekend kicked off friday night with a dance at the seneca lake events center at clute park, where julia spahalski and liam smith were announced as the queen and king. a homecoming parade is set for 4 p.m. today (saturday) down decatur street from lafayette park, with the homecoming game against lansing slated for 7 p.m. at the school's alumni field.
photo: homecoming queen julia spahalski, king liam smith.





among the falls harvest festival performers was singer holly campbell, here singing "the story," accompanied on guitar by kerrigan catlin.


 
 
 annual falls harvest festival draws a crowd

 the 17th annual  falls harvest festival was held on a sunny day saturday, drawing a large crowd to  downtown montour falls. vendors lined both sides  of main street, with an overflow number positioned on side streets. the many vendors, live music, closing fireworks and beautiul weather made for a popular event lauded by those in attendance. 
photo at right: a youngster keeps a close watch on a large snake held by dan the snakeman, who bills himself as a snake and reptile educator.




montour falls tea company owner sarah moore, center, prepares to cut the celebratory ribbon. from left: scoped executive director judy mckinney cherry, montour falls mayor jim ryan, sarah moore, schuyler county legislator laurence jaynes, and watkins glen area chamber of commerce executive director nigar hale.        


 
 
 ribbon-cutting welcomes tea firm to montour

 a ribbon-cutting ceremony heralding the arrival of the montour falls tea company to 214 w. main street in montour was held saturday afternoon while the falls harvest festival was in full swing just outside the tea company's doors. the business, owned by new jersey transplant sarah moore, "offers a wide variety of loose-leaf teas, hot tea, cold brew teas and cocktail infusions, as well as local artisian crafts and creations," according to a flyer created by the watkins glen area chamber of commerce in preparation for the celebration.

photo in text: the montour falls tea company logo as presented on a t-shirt worn by business owner sarah moore. 





left: author jim potter at the signing. right: potter talks to another author, barb warner deane, at his signing. potter said  the work of deane, formerly of schuyler county and now of geneva,   inspired him (because of her local ties) to write "rocco of 1935."


 
 
book signing draws steady crowd in watkins

a book signing held oct. 6 at the seneca harbor station restaurant in watkins glen drew a steady gathering of  fans. they were there to celebrate  the publication of a novel  titled "rocco of 1935" -- to buy an author-signed copy or bring their own copies in to be autographed. the author is jim potter of hector, ny and charlotte, nc, who wrote the book under a nom de plume:  cain wilkins. the book  -- which potter says he wrote  for fun -- is set in the 1930s, and   takes place  mostly in watkins glen. 
potter says the plot, which encompasses boxing, a woman's disappearance, and a local sheriff's efforts to unravel the mystery of that case, is "mostly made up" -- although stemming from stories told him by his late grandfather, james scaptura, a golden gloves boxer in the 1930s who was also a muskrat trapper, a  jefferson hotel bartender, and a watkins salt worker. he died in 1999. potter, an ibm engineer turned building contractor,  published the book through amazon, where it is available. it may also be found in local stores.




clinton and other nearby  montour falls streets were closed, and the neighborhood evacuated. the car shown here was en route to pick up a family member from a nearby house.


 
 
 gas leak prompts evacuation of part of falls

 a gas leak caused by excavation work next to the catharine valley trail in montour falls thursday afternoon led to the temporary evacuation of homes in an adjoining neighborhood. it also caused a shutdown of rt. 14 from the juncture with rt. 224 and running north -- with drivers  instructed to take an alternate route to watkins glen. emergency personnel announced later in the afternoon that the leak had been stopped, and that the displaced reisidents could return home. officials said gas service to the village would be temporarily suspended.

photo: a board overseen by officials stationed at the montour falls fire department during the leak kept track of where emergency personnel was being utilized. 







 
 
 ameigh earns region iii athlete of week honor

 watkins glen high school alum lillian ameigh (right), a freshman at corning community college, has been named the njcaa region iii athlete of the week for her performance in goal for the red barons' women's soccer team. ameigh, a perennial all-star goalkeeper in high school, had an .875 save percentage in two games. she made 13 saves against tompkins cortland (one on a penalty kick) in a 2-2 tie, and 15 saves against genesee cc (including three saves on four pks) in a 2-0 defeat. 







 
 
 judge spaccio resigns amid investigation

donald r. spaccio, a justice of the montour falls village court and the montour town court, has resigned while under investigation by the new york state commission on judicial conduct regarding three complaints against him. government. 








 
fire district proposal hits snag; 2nd hearing set 
 questions abound, and one town  opts out, as five town councils and the odessa village board hold a public hearing on the proposed formation of a fire district. rather than approve the district, councils voted to hold a second public hearing, set for oct. 16. govt.
photo: atty. mark c. butler, who outlined the district proposal. 





 
 
 school board to discuss filling vacant seat

 the watkins glen school board will meet sept. 30 to discuss the process for filling the vacant  seat created by the recent resignation of jessica  bravo from the board due to  personal reasons. "we have accepted her resignation and extend our  sincere gratitude for her four years of dedicated service to our  district," said board president keith caslin in a message to district residents. "we are committed to ensuring a smooth transition and will keep you  informed of any developments."

photo in text: jessica bravo (file photo)





 
 
along the catharine valley trail ...

area photographer marti dense sent us the offering at right with this notation:
"the scenery along the catharine valley trail between montour falls and  watkins glen never disappoints! 
"i spotted this juvenile osprey  there recently."
photo by marti dense





 
 
grand prix festival held in downtown watkins 

the  streets of watkins glen were full of racers and specialty cars on friday, sept. 6th as the watkins glen grand prix festival and the sportscar vintage racing association (svra) teamed up to celebrate road racing history. features.




odessa's 444,000 gallon water tower, installed in 1999. this is the first time it's been cleaned of sediment-- something dpw chief steve siptrott said might become an annual event.      the water being pumped from the bottom of the tank was carried through the green hose and out to a field. 


 
 
sediment removed from odessa water tower

a large vacuum operated by a diver with atlantic underwater services inc. of lake pleasant was removing  six to eight inches of sediment from the bottom of the odessa village water tower sept. 3rd on texas hollow road -- part of  the village's  ongoing water improvement project. the sediment, which an atlantic spokesman said was less than the 18 inches that had been estimated, accumulated across a quarter century, and according to dpw chief steve siptrott, has contributed significantly to discolored water reported for years by some village residents. phase 1 of the water project, which has included the installation of new pipes throughout the village, will segue later this year into the phase 2 construction of a state-of-the-art treatment plant at the end of merchant avenue. 
photo: black water  pours out of a hose connected to a vacuum wielded by a diver in the water tower tank.



an atlantic worker serves as a second set of eyes for the diver, who was wearing a camera showing on the tv screen what he was seeing at the bottom of the tank. 



 
 
plaque honoring victor franzese unveiled

family members and friends gathered sept. 5 at the international motor racing research center in watkins glen for the unveiling of a plaque there honoring the late victor franzese, who for decades hosted racing legends at the glen motor inn he owned and operated with his wife linda. franzese, who also competed in numerous races and was previously honored with a stone in the watkins glen drivers walk of fame, died in 2021. the foundation-funded plaque was secured by brother-in-law tom pandick, who praised the honoree in remarks preceding the unveiling.
photo: linda franzese, widow of vic, was on hand for the ceremony, which had been kept a secret from her. she said she was both surprised and "overwhelmed."





 
 
wg girls top nd in ot as honrath sets record

the watkins glen high school girls varsity soccer team got two goals from senior skye honrath, including the game-winner in double overtime, to defeat elmira notre dame 2-1 wednesday night on wghs's alumni field. the two goals lifted honrath's career total to 74, surpassing the previous school record of 73 set by alum and current lake hawks assistant coach hannah morse. honrath was given a game ball by coach scott morse, hannah's father, who said he will cover the cost of the ball himself. watkins glen, the two-time section iv, class c champion playing in class b this year, is now 2-0 heading into a road game friday against spencer-van etten/candor. 
photo: skye honrath, left, with the game ball, and previous record holder hannah morse.





 
 
 board oks pickle-ball league's use of center

 the watkins glen village board on sept. 3 approved a request for use of the community center for a pickle-ball league. the league, overseen by bob decker, will operate on wednesdays from 5:30-8:30 p.m. starting oct. 16 and running through march 6. the eight-team league is expected to see participation by 40 people.

photo: trustees stephen klemann, left, and bob carson. 






 
chamber presents  awards at luncheon
 the watkins glen area chamber of commerce presented four  awards to area businesses and individuals at its annual awards luncheon at veraisons restaurant on aug. 29th. people. 


photo: schuyler legacy award winner kate lamoreaux.






 
nascar sets august race at  wgi in 2025
 watkins glen international will once again help set up the nascar cup  series playoffs field with an august race weekend near the end of the 2025 regular season. sports.





 
 
schuyler habitat to dedicate  house in watkins

the fifth schuyler county habitat for humanity house will be dedicated on sunday, september 8th at 2 p.m.  the house is located at 126 fifth street in the village of watkins glen.  the public is invited to the dedication to tour the structure. people.
photo: the habitat house. 





 quacey wilt (14) gains some yardage for the white squad at the blue-white scrimmage.


 
 
 storm tunes up with blue-white scrimmage

 the schuyler storm varsity football team (watkins glen and odessa-montour players) held its annual blue-white intrasquad scrimmage saturday on the wghs alumni field in preparation for the regular season kickoff at o-m on sept. 14 against newark valley. another scrimmage, at wghs against elmira's junior varsity, is set for saturday, sept. 7 at either 9 or 10 a.m. the biggest challenge facing the storm, says coach trevor holland, is the young team's lack of experience. it will play in class c, division 5 against  waverly, lansing, dryden and whitney point. 
photo: starting quarterback christopher simiele, a junior, eludes a tackler during the blue-white scrimmage.






 
fall sports get under way at wghs and o-m 
 practices began in full on aug. 26 at watkins glen and odessa-montour high schools for the upcoming high school fall sports season -- including cross country at o-m for the first time in years. sports. 

photo: wghs standouts ava kelly, right, and natalee oliver




ivy lane flowers owner abby lane cuts the ribbon. from left, the ceremony speakers: watkins glen mayor laurie denardo; sharon murphy from the office of congressman nick langworthy; building owner jeff dill (behind murphy); abby lane; chamber of commerce executive director nigar hale, and schuyler county administrator shawn rosno. 


 
 
ribbon cutting celebrates ivy lane flowers

scores of well-wishers were on hand aug. 22 for a ribbon-cutting at ivy lane flowers, 223-1 north franklin street in watkins glen. the business, opened in may by abby lane -- who had worked for three years before that at the chamber of commerce office across the street -- provides (in lane's words) "flowers, gifts, atmosphere and fun." it is part of a combined operation with jeff dill, who owns the building and operates a wine bar on the same site. 
dill recruited lane after hearing of her participation  in a floral design program at the new york botanical gardens in new york city and her interest in opening a floral business. the wine bar/floral business has worked so well, he said, "i can't imagine this being anything else." 
photos: 
top: building owner and wine-bar owner jeff dill.
bottom: abby lane below a rose-dominated floral arrangement she prepared for the celebration. 





schuyler storm head coach trevor holland addresses his team. 


 
 
storm  varsity football team has its 1st practice

the schuyler storm varsity football team gathered for its first practice ahead of the upcoming fall season on aug. 19 -- 24 of its 26 members (two were on vacation) put through the paces by coaches on the watkins glen high school alumni field. the storm, a combined squad of wghs and odessa-montour high school athletes, opens it season at o-m at 6 p.m. on saturday, sept. 14 (a change from a previously announced date of sept. 13) against newark valley. the storm's annual blue-and-white scrimmage is at 10 a.m. saturday, aug. 31 at wghs (rescheduled from aug. 24). vying for quarterback are junior christopher simiele and sophomore hunter mowry. the team, which lost about a dozen players to graduation, has some inexperience, but only two freshmen. the rest of the freshmen will play on the modified squad,  which starts its practices aug. 26 with 47 players. 
photo: a member of the storm varsity football team practices on a new piece of equipment: a jax tackler -- purchased by the wghs sports boosters.



r
wendy criss with diesel during his first day outside after several days in the hospital. (photo provided)


 
 
diesel, back with  owner, needs to take it easy

diesel, a 2-year-old, part lab, part mastiff rescued from a house fire aug. 11 on 11th street in watkins glen, is back with owner wendy criss after a five-day stay in a cornell university animal hospital. diesel, overcome by smoke at the scene but revived by firefighters, sustained lung damage, says criss, who noted that her pet -- who she had obtained from an ithaca spca just four days before the fire -- "needs to take it easy" because he is, as a result of his injuries, susceptible to diseases. the fire, which started in her home's kitchen while criss was at work at a lodi state park campground, left her homeless, though a neighbor was able to rent her an apartment on 11th street. she said she will either decide to reconstruct the house -- which sustained smoke and water damage throughout -- or sell it as is to a developer. either way, she's happy to have diesel back. "he's such a sweetheart," she said. 
photo: cornell animal hospital workers with diesel. (provided) 




the band still kickin' performing at the odessa community day on church street in the village.


 
 
crowd attends community day

despite early rain, the first-ever odessa community day -- organized by watkins promotions and local officials -- was held on august 17th in the village. it featured food, live music, and about 20 vendors. features.





 
 
parole denied again for convicted killer horein

joshua j. horein, 40, of watkins glen (right) has been denied parole for the 7th time by the new york state board of parole -- a written june decision recently released. he won't be eligible again until december 2025. horein was convicted of murder in the second degree and sentenced to 20 years to life in prison for the aug. 5, 2000 murder of amber brockway, 15, in watkins glen. horein was 16 at the time. his release has been opposed by the brockway family, community members and   schuyler county district attorney joseph fazzary, who said horein "took the life of a beautiful and vibrant teenage girl for no reason. it was a senseless act."




olivia coffey  is greeted by husband michael blomquist, who preceded her home from  paris. livy said having her husband, parents and other family  at the olympics "was really nice."


 
 
livy, teammate arrive home to airport welcome

olivia coffey of burdett, after competing in paris on the  u.s. women's eight rowing team for the 2nd straight olympics, arrived at elmlira corning regional airport about 11 p.m. aug. 12 after flying during the day from paris to atlanta to detroit and then home. she was traveling with rowing teammate molly bruggeman, formerly of dayton, ohio but now moving in with  boyfriend matt sharkey in corning. the two women were greeted at the airport by livy's husband michael blomquist and her parents cal and maggie coffey, and by sharkey and his mother chris, who lives with husband john in troupsburg. 
livy said it had been "a long travel day,"  and  that she hadn't expected such a welcoming committee, complete with signs. she said that while her team's fifth-place olympics finish "was not the result i thought we were gonna get ... it didn't mean there was any less effort." she said she hasn't made up her mind whether to compete in the 2028 games in los angeles, while molly said "if livy does, i will."
photos: olivia coffey arrives to an airport welcome; and coffey with teammate molly bruggeman, now of corning.



this banner, funded by community donations, was installed aug. 13 at the corner of 4th and decatur streets in watkins glen.




 
 
watkins elks lodge presents $6,000 in checks 

the watkins glen elks lodge 1546 presents checks for $5,000 to the schuyler health foundation, $500 to the village of watkins glen and $500 to camp star -- grant funds from the elks national foundation. people. 





 
 
camp star kids enjoy a day in watkins glen

sixty-two children attending  camp star enjoyed a day in watkins glen on  aug. 13 -- a day organized by the watkins-montour and horseheads rotary clubs. the children, with developmental disabilities that might keep them from enjoying a typical camping experience, rode in firetrucks and took a boat cruise, and were provided a pizza lunch. features.
photo: the camp star kids got firetruck rides. (provided) 





 
 
glen board oks concert; alters meeting time

the watkins glen village board on aug. 6 approved:
>a special event application for a performance sept. 8 by the southern tier brass quintet in lafayette park as a summer concert series add-on. the event, from 3-6 p.m., will include talks about the park's history and its recent upgrades. 
>a rate of $3 per person, effective aug. 12, for use of the community center for pickleball -- which has been  growing in popularity. the board, which had not been charging for the sport, will take another look at rates in the fall.
>the hiring of one lifeguard, and the transition of another to lead lifeguard, to ensure continuation of swimming at clute park through sept. 2. 
>a change in the starting time of village board meetings from 6 p.m. to 5 p.m. effective with the meeting on sept. 3

tabled: a request for 40 cars to drive two laps of the old grand prix course on sept. 20. the board wants  further information, including the  role expected of village police.

photo: watkins glen mayor laurie denardo at aug. 6 meeting


odessa village board moves ahead with phase 2 
          of its  water project. govt.


among the fire department trucks responding to the blaze was a watkins glen ladder truck. also on site: trucks from the montour falls and dundee departments.


 
 
 fire damages watkins glen home; dog saved

 a fire that began in the kitchen at the rear of the house at 114 eleventh street in watkins glen late sunday morning spread upstairs but was quickly extinguished  by firefighters. the homeowner, wendy criss, was not present at the time, but her dog -- a mixed lab named diesel -- was. he was found  inside on the floor near the front door by a firefighter,  carried outside and attended by firefighters feeding him oxygen. veterinarian martha hawksworth arrived to treat him, and  had diesel -- gradually recovering from his ordeal -- taken to  lakeside veterinary services in montour falls for more observation. the homeowner -- who one official said had only recently obtained diesel from a tompkins county animal shelter -- arrived before diesel's departure and was able to comfort him. meanwhile, fire investigators were on site trying to determine the cause of the blaze. 
top photo: an air conditioner in a kitchen window was scorched, and the window broken. (photo by david waite)
bottom photo: diesel, apparently recovered.





 
 
 heavy rain powers montour's shequaga falls 

 the rain from tropical storm debby drenched our region friday, prompting flash flood warnings in several counties and creating flood conditions in some steuben county communities. in montour falls, the most visible result of the rain was likely shequaga falls, whose rushing water was something of a tourist attraction, with many drivers  parking nearby so they could get out to snap some photos of mother nature roaring.
photo: a view of shequaga falls on friday afternoon, aug. 9th





curb installation
an aug. 5th  rainstorm slowed, but didn't stop, road crews installing new curbing along main street in odessa. the nys department of transportation project, which includes sidewalks and traffic  bump-outs, has been underway for weeks on one side of the street, but has now shifted to the other. construction work in the village has also included the installation of new water pipes throughout.



 
 
olympics: women's eight team finishes 5th

the u.s. women's eight rowing team, with burdett's  olivia coffey in seat 7, finished fifth in  the aug. 3 finals at the paris olympics. romania won the gold medal in a time of 5:54.39, with canada second (5:58.34) and great britain third (5:59.51). australia surged at the end to place fourth (6:00.73), with the u.s. behind them in 6:01.73. italy was sixth. 
coffey, an alternate at the rio games, was  also a member of the eights crew that finished fourth at the tokyo games. 
her rowing team in paris included ithaca college graduate meghan musnicki  in seat five, along with molly bruggeman, margaret hedeman, maddie wanamaker,  claire collins, regina salmons,  stroke charlotte buck and coxswain nina  castagna.
photo: olivia coffey on an olympics promotional ad.


maggie coffey reports from paris. forum.


the  fellow throwing the ball connected on this attempt, sending the young woman into the dunk tank full of water. 


 
 
hector family a-fair completes its 2-day run

the second annual hector family a-fair completed its two-day run aug. 3rd on the valois-logan-hector fire department grounds in hector. the fair, with carnival inflatables to keep the kids climbing, sliding and bouncing, also featured large tents hosting a kids zone, live music and other festival activities. beyond that, there were food vendors, as well as raffles and a book sale  that helped raise funds for the fire department and  emergency services.
photo in text: among the entertainments: a magic show by ron cain, here shown preparing.




summer rec
kids attending the summer recreation program at watkins glen's clute park are shown here undertaking a project friday under the tutelage of corning's science and discovery center, which is teaching various hands-on lessons each day under a community foundation grant. the subject this time was the creation of slimy worms, made of  malleable plastic materials. the summer rec program, reprised last year after years off, is completing its fourth of six weeks.


jackie mace, one of five girls in the wrestling camp, squares off against quacey wilt during the camp's clute park  outing. mace attends odessa-montour high school, while wilt attends watkins glen high school. 


 
 
wrestling camp takes to the clute park shore 

the odessa-montour / watkins glen summer wrestling camp, being held this weekend at watkins glen high school, moved to clute park friday afternoon for 3-minute bouts involving the camp's 55 participants, mostly 6th through 12th graders. according to camp organizer dan batchelder, 41 of the 55 are from the o-m and wg schools, while seven are from dryden, five from horseheads, and one each from whitney point and trumansburg. batchelder said the outdoor competition, on a sunny day with a cooling breeze, was undertaken because it offered the wrestlers fun. the program was moving back to the wghs  gym saturday for the final two days of the program -- a summary of which is on sports.
photo: amber swaney and eli kastenhuber wrestle in one of the day's many bouts. in the background, officiating, is troy monks, a coach at horseheads high school who was himself a three-time section iv wrestling champion at o-m and an ncaa division iii champion in 1990 while wrestling at suny cortland.






 
 
 ribbon-cutting marks flx studio anniversary

 a ribbon-cutting ceremony july 19 celebrated the one-year anniversary of the flx studio & maker's market at 220 west main street in montour falls. the studio is an inspired concept turned reality by amanda colunio, wife of watkins glen high school principal kyle colunio and mother to two children. the business  is advertised as a "family owned, creative space designed to inspire and empower artists of all ages. ... (it) features a curated retail space showcasing a carefully selected range of art kits, handmade items, and home decor as well as a studio space for workshops, parties and events." people.
photo: amanda colunio outside the flx studio




ben stamp of the flx gateway community development corp.  cuts the celebratory ribbon. 


 
 
 ribbon-cutting marks opening of flx works

 the schuyler county partnership for economic development, the watkins glen downtown revitalization initiative (dri) local planning committee, and the flx gateway community development corporation held a ribbon-cutting ceremony july 17th celebrating the completion of flx works, a coworking space  in downtown watkins glen. ribbon.
photo: among the speakers:  state senator tom o'mara.




watkins glen mayor laurie denardo and deputy mayor peter cherock at the july 16 village board meeting. 


 
 
 watkins board ends yard waste-bag program

 the watkins glen village board -- citing cost and an absence of need -- on july 16 voted to end a program that provided free yard waste bags to village residents. the move saves the village $10,000 a year. board members -- noting that the bags were often used for other purposes -- said they discussed the move  with various residents who seemed unbothered by it. besides, the board noted, leaf pickup will continue, so the move does not impinge on  that service. 
mayor laurie denardo also thanked village personnel who helped monday in the cleanup from the late afternoon storm that knocked down trees and knocked out village power until 3:30 a.m. tuesday.
photo: the remaining stock of yard waste bags sits in the watkins glen village hall.




most of the watkins glen school board's organizational meeting was conducted in storm-caused darkness. here assistant superintendent for business kyle percey is illuminated by his battery-run laptop. 


 
 
 caslin elected  wg school board president

 watkins glen school board member keith caslin was elected by the board july 15th as  its president for  the coming year. he garnered four of the seven available votes to outpoll incumbent president joe stansfield. theresa butler was elected vice president with the same four votes -- from caslin, jessica bravo, tracey vanskiver and herself -- to outpoll the incumbent vp, craig bianco. in a ceremony before the meeting, superintendent kai d'alleva  bid farewell to several retiring staff members, including teacher robin la face, athletic director rod weeden, and phys ed teacher and coach kim suddaby. he also said farewell to  tim and michelle benjamin, who  directed wghs musicals for the past 20 years.
photo: keith caslin at the july 15 meeting, before the storm knocked out the lights.




this tree brought down lines and blocked cass road  near the intersection with route 414. 


 
 
 storm knocks down trees, knocks out power

 a rainstorm driven by high winds knocked out power to thousands of southern tier residents late monday afternoon, july 15, including in watkins glen and montour falls. traffic lights in watkins went dark, along with businesses and homes around the village. fallen trees blocked traffic on south decatur street and cass road, and small bits of debris cluttered roadways in both villages, on rt. 224 going up to odessa, and on various schuyler rural roads.
photo: a falling tree damaged one end of the roof at kurtz enterprize in montour falls during monday's storm. the  damage was covered by a tarp  before nightfall.





 
 
 we present the 2024 tribute award honorees

 for the fourth consecutive year, the odessa file, in conjunction with administrators and coaches at the watkins glen and odessa-montour high schools, is honoring a group of student-athletes -- 24 of them -- with tribute awards based on athletics, academics, leadership, and character. to see who the honorees are, visit tribute. 






 
 
 the yard flx on 414 celebrates its rebirth 

 a ribbon-cutting ceremony on july 12 celebrated the recent opening of the yard flx -- a go-kart (photo above) and mini golf destination long popular in years past but fallen on recent hard times. with new owner aimee barton leading the way, the facility has been reborn with a vision of reviving its legacy as an entertainment destination. features. 
right: aimee barton








 
 annual glen fireworks display draws crowd 

the annual  fireworks  presented by the watkins  glen area chamber of commerce on july 4th (a sample is shown at left) attracted many onlookers to the launch site, clute park, and to  surrounding hillside vantage points. 





 
 
 glen getting $4.6m water infrastructure grant

 a $4.6 million economic development administration (eda) grant has been announced for the  village of watkins glen to improve water infrastructure and increase water capacity for the local business community. according to  eda,  this grant will support the rehabilitation of watkins glen’s water  storage tank and pump station, the replacement of water lines, and other  water infrastructure improvements needed to  increase capacity. the grant will be matched with $4.6  million in local funds and is expected to create or retain 120 jobs. "the eda award will provide long overdue improvements to our water infrastructure, secure additional housing and jobs, and improve livability," said watkins glen mayor laurie denardo. grant.
photo: watkins glen mayor laurie denardo.




rob halpin is sworn in as the o-m school board president by district clerk jennifer stevenson. 


 
 
 halpin re-elected as school board president 
              at organizational meeting; dechow sworn in

 robert halpin was unanimously re-elected by his fellow odessa-montour school board members as board president at the group's annual organizational meeting thursday night. jennifer mosher was re-elected without opposition as the board vice president. before those votes, halpin  was first sworn in to a new three-year term on the board, as were incumbent dana sgrecci and newcomer jason dechow, all winners in the district's may election. 
photo at right: new o-m school board member jason dechow. 







 
storm in the distance
glenda stermer-simpson sent this photo that she snapped as a storm approached during july 10th's atmospheric turbulence. "here is a picture of the storm, from frost hill road, montour falls, looking west," she wrote, adding: "pretty neat to watch it come across the hill."





 
 
 teaming to raise funds for women with cancer

 the schuyler health foundation and the gorges givers group have established a fund to provide emergency finanical aid to women diagnosed with cancer. fund.




true love
the photo above was provided by watkins glen's marti dense, who wrote: "a picturesque view of 'true love' sailing by the painted rocks at the south end of seneca lake." true love, based at the seneca harbor park pier in watkins glen, is a 67-foot schooner with a rich history, including inclusion in the 1956 movie "high society." 

 want to phone the odessa file?
you can reach us at (607) 742-2772

want to e-mail this website? 
          just click below.
chaef@aol.com



want to contact us? 
you can write to: p.o. 
            box 365, odessa, ny 14869
you can call: (607) 742-2772
you can email: chaef@aol.com 

for other recent schuyler county 
          news, click here.


and also:


area 
        historical photos can be found on history.

for full 
        coverage of the 2013 alice trappler murder trial, you can click 
        here. 

for other recent 
      schuyler county news, click here.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 



              --------            

click here or on the ad above to reach 
            the schuyler county partnership for economic development website
--------------------------------

click here or on the ad above to reach 
            a chamber of commerce website. 
--------------          
ovid fire 
            relief fund 
anyone wishing to help the ovid business community recover financially from the jan. 21 downtown fire may deliver  donations to the community bank in ovid or by making out a check to ovid federated church and mailing it to the bank at this address: community bank 
          po box 389 
          ovid ny 14521

          the community bank's ovid branch, in cooperation with the village of ovid,  the town of ovid, and the ovid federated church were opening an account  under the church’s 501c3 oversight.

disbursements to affected persons  will start in late february using prepaid visa cards and continue until the end of july.
********
fund-raiser
if you want to help mike switzer in the wake of a fire that destroyed his mobile home, a go fund me fund-raiser has been established at
            the following:
https://gofund.me/d2f530ca
-------------          

to visit the 
            fiddlesticks tea co. website, click here.
-------------
for more information about public health, 
            visit its website here.

----------          

watkins glen's annette rodriguez has published her second book of poetry, titled "surfaced. see me, understand me." it is available online at amazon and barnes & noble, and on her website here.
-------------

read 
            the stoneware of havana, n.y. and its makers
by allen f. sweet. 
a history 
            of the manufacturing of stoneware in that village (montour falls) 
            from 1850-1888. more than 100 color photos.
available 
              at the schuyler county 
            historical society museum.
-----------

a book of poetry by j.a. bauman of watkins glen -- "words that god gave me to share with you." available through amazon.com.
-----------

a christian-based autobiography written by melinda kreischer, pen name for a long-time finger lakes area resident. ordering information can be found here.
----------

my 
            wild ride: the untamed life of a girl with no self-esteem, an 
            autobiography by ex-throughbred trainer susan bump -- who grew up 
            in montour falls -- is now available in e-book formats at major retailers 
            including amazon.com
------------
click on the ad below to go to the 
            schuyler county transit schedule. 


----------- 



the elizabeth amisano ovarian cancer education 
                fund
                live like liz, inc.
                p.o. box 434
                watkins glen ny 14891
www.livelikeliz.org
livelikeliz@yahoo.com
---------            




 contact 
                  us about our ad rates
e-mail chaef@aol.com

 



---------------- 
            

a novel 
              by steve piacente about a military cover-up, and about the ethical 
              boundaries of journalism. for a closer look, click here.

---------
            
the author, j.n. brown, is a 2005 graduate of 
              odessa-montour high school. he works at corning inc. to visit his 
              website, click here.
----------

an account of a daughter's eating disorder and 
              her mother's seeming helplessness and desperation in 
              the face of it -- and yet a story of hope, love and survival, and 
              a lifeline to other parents dealing with obsessive behavior. $17.95 
              from ecwpress.com 
----------- 

a self-help guide to understanding 
              the role of emotions, this book offers a four-step path to emotional 
              mastery and freedom. $15.95 from infinitypublishing.com
-------
            







 
an eternal message 
                    of lights, hope and faith
the week following 
                    susan haeffner's passing was fraught with signs -- most of 
                    them light-based, and one in the form of a vision. here the 
                    editor relives those days in an effort to pass along a message 
                    of hope and faith.  message. 
above:
the aurora borealis (from the internet--as 
                    seen in scandinavia)  


-----------





 


  


oh, the famous 
              faces i've seen 
the editor has been 
                thinking about fame (a commodity foreign to him personally), and 
                about the famous people he has encountered. some thoughts on the 
                subject. famous.






 


 


  


the sound 
                and the silence: a memoir 
some things in life can mean a great 
                deal -- can embody hope and dreams ... and memories. the sailboat 
                is one such thing for the author. silence.


---------
 


 


  


some sports 
                stories and essays inside 
check out our sports related stories 
                and essays, located at the bottom of the sports 
                page.


 


 


  


some special 
                feature packages 
from stories of life years ago along 
                steam mill road, to stories by the editor -- you can find them 
                at the bottom of features.
 


--------- 



the editor's long search 
            for some childhood icons
when 
            he was a child, the editor let fear get the better of him while he 
            was watching a pair of beloved tv heroes in peril. the scar from that 
            experience lingered for decades. for a journey through what the editor's 
            son calls "a weird obsession," click here. 
            
above: 
            one of the heroes in question.
------

a cabin in the woods
 
          the editor travels, figuratively, back in time to an old haunt, familiar 
          faces and warm memories. cabin.
 
 
 




 






© the odessa file 2024
              charles haeffner
              p.o. box 365
              odessa, new york 14869 
(607) 742-2772




e-mail chaef@aol.com




 
 
 





