
















who we are | action canada for sexual health and rights








      skip to main content
    











you are currently offline. please connect to the internet to view the latest information.


































englishfrench









important links (english)


donate


your sexual health


find services


get out quickly








main navigation


about us


resources


what's new


global work


take action


campaigns












    back
  



breadcrumb


home


about us






 

who we are






 










action canada for sexual health & rights is a progressive, human rights based charitable organization committed to advancing and upholding sexual and reproductive health and rights in canada and globally.
we are an organization that works in canada and around the world to promote health, wellbeing, and rights related to sexuality and reproduction. building on the 50-year legacy of the organizations that formed action canada, we provide direct support, referrals, and information to the people who need it most, partner with groups and organizations on a range of campaigns using a collaborative, movement-building approach, and work with decision-makers to advance progressive policies on access to abortion, stigma-free healthcare, gender equality, lgbtq rights, and inclusive sex-ed.
action canada is: the planned parenthood federation of canada, canadians for choice, the canadian federation for sexual health, and action canada for population and development.
our vision
all people everywhere have full control over, and are able to decide freely upon, all matters related to their sexuality, reproduction, and gender, including their reproductive and sexual health. 
our mission
to advance and uphold reproductive and sexual rights and health, in canada and globally.
our work
to fulfill our mission, action canada’s work focuses on four key areas of sexual and reproductive health and rights: abortion, contraception, comprehensive sexuality education, and advocacy. these areas are important for fulfilling all persons’ human rights, and are guiding principles for what canada can do to champion sexual and reproductive health and rights at home and globally. 
our history
following decades of activism, three of canada’s leading sexual and reproductive health and rights organizations saw an opportunity for a strengthened voice in policy, health promotion, and access to information and a way to engage others across canada and around the world in the sexual and reproductive health and rights movement.
the 2014 amalgamation allowed each of the three organizations to build on one another’s histories, strengths and shared vision. canadians for choice (formerly caral) and the canadian federation for sexual health (formerly planned parenthood federation of canada) would benefit from the policy expertise of action canada for population and development (acpd) and the organization’s international partnerships, while acpd would profit from frontline knowledge and experience in canada. a newly bridged gap between the national and global context was made and our shared history has set the stage for an organization that works in collaboration across all levels.

 

 
















 




staff  









associate organization network  

action canada’s associate organization network is a group of sexual health service, support, and education providers from across the country.








board of directors  









 




national youth advisory board  

our national youth advisory board features members from across the country! 














this app features content from the your sexual health hub and is available if you are offline. to visit the full action canada for sexual health and rights website, go to www.actioncanadashr.org.
want to talk to someone?
for confidential information and referrals to sexual and reproductive health services, including abortion, call our toll-free access line 7 days a week between 9:00am and 9:00pm est. you can also text us at 613-800-6757. learn more.
call the access line
1-888-642-2725

general inquiries
613-241-4474
info@actioncanadashr.org
donor inquiries
613-241-4474 x 10800
donate@actioncanadashr.org
media inquiries
613-241-4474 x 13200
media@actioncanadashr.org













action canada shr is planned parenthood canada


about us


resources


what's new


global work


take action


campaigns








important links


donate


your sexual health


find services


get out quickly








sign up for our newsletter
sign up!



follow us







































movements we're a part of


action canada associate organization network


canadian association of parliamentarians on population and development


contraception and abortion research team


cooperation canada


future planning initiative


sexual rights initiative








© copyright action canada shr


privacy policy


sitemap












