     ford dealer near lumberton nj | miller ford                              



                                           miller ford        sales 609-667-0023    service 609-667-0027  parts 609-667-0022      1596 route 38lumberton, nj 08048                    service        map        contact                       miller ford               call 609-667-0023   directions                  home   new   search inventory   new vehicle specials   electric vehicles   schedule test drive   demo and courtesy vehicles   value your trade or sell us your vehicle!   quick quote   model showroom   find my car   ford protect   commercial inventory   custom factory order     pre-owned   search inventory   ford blue advantage   used inventory under $19,999   schedule test drive   value your trade or sell us your vehicle!   quick quote   find my car     commercial   commercial   commercial inventory     lincoln   service & parts   service & parts   schedule service   service center   ford parts center   ford accessories   mobile service   fordpass   quick lane®   tires   brake service   oil change advice   check vehicle for recalls     finance   finance center   get pre-approved   value your trade or sell us your vehicle!   payment calculator   black book credit score estimator   commercial online credit application   lease vs. buy     specials   new vehicle specials    pre-owned specials   shop ford parts   military rebate   first responder appreciation   ford drives u program   ford pickup & delivery     research   research   ford car reviews     about us   about us   contact us   our dealership   hours & directions   meet our staff   employment opportunities   leave us a review   customer reviews   community happenings   charitable giving   president's award   ford dealer near me                     home   new   search inventory   new vehicle specials   electric vehicles   schedule test drive   demo and courtesy vehicles   value your trade or sell us your vehicle!   quick quote   model showroom   find my car   ford protect   commercial inventory   custom factory order     pre-owned   search inventory   ford blue advantage   used inventory under $19,999   schedule test drive   value your trade or sell us your vehicle!   quick quote   find my car     commercial   commercial   commercial inventory     lincoln   service & parts   service & parts   schedule service   service center   ford parts center   ford accessories   mobile service   fordpass   quick lane®   tires   brake service   oil change advice   check vehicle for recalls     finance   finance center   get pre-approved   value your trade or sell us your vehicle!   payment calculator   black book credit score estimator   commercial online credit application   lease vs. buy     specials   new vehicle specials    pre-owned specials   shop ford parts   military rebate   first responder appreciation   ford drives u program   ford pickup & delivery     research   research   ford car reviews     about us   about us   contact us   our dealership   hours & directions   meet our staff   employment opportunities   leave us a review   customer reviews   community happenings   charitable giving   president's award   ford dealer near me           



    
 




   inventory search 453 vehicles available   filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      new used certified    any year  any make  any model search     new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used      search       

















apply for credit











view special offers











appraise your trade











schedule service











                                                                                          
      search new inventory     search used inventory        









the new electric f-150 lightning
learn more












the new maverick pickup

learn more












the new bronco & bronco sport
learn more













 all-new electric mustang mach-e
order now






         a vehicle for every lifestyle  see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.      mustang      mach-e      escape      edge      explorer      expedition      bronco      bronco sport      maverick      ranger      f-150      f-150 lightning      super duty      e-transit      transit      transit connect     explore all new inventory                     
ford dealer in lumberton, nj
serving the community


welcome to miller ford! we appreciate you taking the time today to visit our website. our goal is to give you an interactive tour of our new and used inventory, as well as allow you to conveniently get a quote, schedule a service appointment, or apply for financing.
we serve drivers near lumberton, mount laurel, and medford, new jersey. please feel welcome to contact us with any questions you may have. our staff is happy to answer all inquiries in a timely fashion. we look forward to doing business with you!



our ford inventory

at ford dealership in lumberton, nj, we’ve devoted ourselves to helping and serving our customers to the best of our ability. we believe that the cars we offer are of the highest quality and ideal for your life needs. we understand that you rely on our website for accurate information, and we pledge to deliver you relevant, correct, and abundant content.
while you’re browsing through our inventory, you may come across some of the most iconic ford models. these include vehicles like the ford f-150. with plenty of towing capability and peppy performance, it’s the ideal ride for those who want to go from the worksite to the weekend.
or, if you’re eyeing a spacious suv that can fit the whole family, then a ford expedition for sale may be your ideal set of wheels. with seating for up to eight, the whole family can tag along for the ride.
you’ll find your dream ford in our new and pre-owned inventory. our lumberton, nj ford dealership's selection is of the utmost quality, so you can cruise with confidence.


we’re ready to get you on the road

whether you want to lease or buy a ford, our team is ready to get you behind the wheel. we have a selection of financing specials that give you incredible value. at our dealership, we know that financing isn’t one-size-fits-all, so we’ll work with you to ensure you can find the ideal financing plan for your unique needs.
our website also provides you with a wide range of tools that make the financing process a breeze. want to value your trade? we can easily provide you with an estimate of what your current ride is worth, so you can go out with the old and in with the new.



one-stop shop for all ford needs
not only does our ford dealership here in lumberton, nj offer an incredible selection of inventory and a helpful finance team, but we also have a service center that’s here to support all your ford maintenance needs.
whether you’re in for a routine oil change or need a more complex repair, our expert technicians know your vehicle inside and out. once you drive off our lot in your ford, our support doesn’t end.
additionally, we use genuine ford parts for every repair. this way, you can drive with peace of mind wherever you roam.


visit us today!
miller ford is ready to be your go-to ford dealership near lumberton, mount laurel, and medford, nj. if you have any questions about driving, financing, or servicing a ford, then contact us today online or at our dealership!









hit the road

test drive












about us

learn more





        sales hours      monday 9:00am - 7:00pm    tuesday 9:00am - 7:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 7:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 7:00pm    friday 9:00am - 7:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 5:00pm    sunday closed            follow us                




miller ford in lumberton, nj
are you ready to hit the road in a high-quality new or pre-owned vehicle? if so, then you need to find the right dealership, and if you live in the south jersey or philadelphia region, your best car dealership choice is miller ford.


history and awards
for a dealership to meet the needs of its customers, it needs to possess a wealth of experience, which is precisely what you'll find when you work with us. we have proudly served new jersey and pennsylvania car shoppers since 1912, a 100-year plus legacy on which you can depend.
over our many decades of service, we have proudly offered our support to many local charities and organizations, including the burlington county animal shelter, boy scouts of america, the lumberton township police department, and rancocas valley regional high school. we have also been honored to receive the time magazine dealer of the year award.


ford vehicle selection
one of the most enticing reasons to shop at our dealership is to browse our large, exciting selection of ford automobiles. we are proud to stock a variety of new and pre-owned models, including some of the hottest options to ever hit the market.
when you're walking around our lot, a few of the many high-quality automobiles that you can examine are the explorer, f-150, fusion, escape, and super duty (f-250). whether you're looking for a stylish sedan or an ultra-powerful pickup truck, we promise that we have a model in stock that will meet your exact needs.


services at our dealership
while our large vehicle inventory is reason enough to shop with us, we also provide a range of services that every customer should appreciate. shopping at our dealership is a rewarding experience that we guarantee you won't soon forget.
for example, in our service and parts department, you'll find experienced technicians who are ford certified in all fields, including brakes, performance transmission, engine repair, and climate control. this means that when there's a problem with your vehicle, you can have it repaired quickly and effectively.



    although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. prices include all costs to be paid by a consumer, except for licensing costs, registration fees, and taxes. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.
although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. prices include all costs to be paid by a consumer, except for licensing costs, registration fees, $449 documentation fee, and taxes. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.
             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy | additional disclosures miller ford | 1596 route 38, lumberton, nj 08048 | sales: 609-667-0023 |                


























                 