



    allina health care & medical services in mn & western wi



























































find a doctor near you


search by provider name, location name or specialty

clear



city & state or zip

clear



search providers



please enter a provider name, location name or specialty.
please enter a city & state or zip code.
sorry we didn't find any providers that matched your search. please enter a location in minnesota or wisconsin.
sorry, we didn't find any providers that matched your search. try adjusting your search criteria.










    quick actions





 

in-person care 







 

virtual care 







 

urgent care 







 

schedule appointment 







 

pay my bill 







 

contact us 







longer wait times
wait times are longer than usual in our clinics, urgent care centers and hospital emergency departments due to a surge in seasonal illness. virtual care options are available for non-emergency care.

learn more 
















all together better
expert specialty care





cancer care




                            from diagnosis to treatment and recovery, we’ve got the support and care you need. allina health cancer institute brings together the best-available therapies, trailblazing research and a team of experts focused on you. find answers, and receive the compassionate care you deserve, every step of the way.

 learn more
 





heart care




                            your heart deserves the very best. at allina health minneapolis heart institute, comprehensive cardiology is just a heartbeat away. we specialize in the prevention, diagnosis and treatment of heart and vascular disease and partner with you to create a personalized treatment plan so you can receive world-class care close to home.

 learn more
 





orthopedic care




                            at allina health orthopedics, you’re connected to a whole system of care to get you moving again. our experienced team focuses on reducing pain and improving mobility. as the official health care provider of minnesota united fc, we give our patients the same care we provide to the pros—every single day.

 read more
 










helping people live healthier lives
allina health is known for our award-winning care, but our mission goes far deeper. as a nonprofit with a 140-year history of caring for our community, we invest in partnerships and programs to improve the health and well-being of those we serve.






diversity, equity & inclusion





community involvement





environmental sustainability







 


                careers with purpose
            
when you join our team, your voice will be valued and your expertise will make a personal impact on the lives of others. you'll work in a supportive, welcoming environment that receives local and national awards for outstanding care, volunteerism and community engagement.



explore careers






your health in your hands
timesaving tools to help you stay on top of your health

learn more 
 


















