












home | housing california















































search for:




annual conference
residents united network
join us
donate
become a member
 












take action
policy
our work
about us
news & media
resources
contact
 


select page


  
 
 















housing california

shaping narrative, building power, and changing policy to end homelessness and create affordable homes for all.

check out our 2025 policy priorities







plug in





join our email list




support us with a donation




become a member




speak out





support the roadmap…


let’s advance bold, structural change today for a better california tomorrow!







news










affordable housing bond of 2026 introduced

feb 18, 2025statewide affordable housing bond act of 2026 introduced in the assembly and senate in january, governor newsom unveiled his proposed 2025-2026...













find out which lobbying groups get their way most often in the california legislature

jun 12, 2024calmatters: find out which lobbying groups get their way most often in the california legislature los angeles and the bay area tend to get their way...






  view this profile on instagramhousing california (@housingca) • instagram photos and videos  















learn about the issues that we care about











homelessness

did you know?

more than 187,000 people in california — from all walks of life — experience homelessness on any given night, and a series of systemic and social factors lead them there. people who are couch-surfing or living in an rv are still experiencing homelessness; they do not have a home to call their own.
learn more about homelessness in california











housing affordability

did you know?

in california, renters currently need to earn nearly 3 times the state minimum wage to afford average asking rents, but with 18.2% or approximately 40 million californians suffering from poverty, those struggling the most cannot bridge the gap.
learn about affordable housing in california










“as the premier state-wide convener on affordable housing and homelessness,housing california has representation from across sectors. its board includes developers, health, labor, advocacy, and services to the homeless, ensuring that varied housing needs, challenges, and solutions are elevated; ultimately leading to more inclusive and impactful decisions than ever before.”




arnulfo manriquez

president and chief executive officer, maac





meet us

read our successes







the work

tackling california’s housing crisis is a multi-pronged endeavor; for housing california, it involves shaping the narrative around homelessness and affordable housing, communicating the solutions to state legislature, and building multi-sector coalitions.




“housing california has brought together different constituencies and moved them toward a common goal. it’s a complicated endeavor but a powerful one.”




shamus roller

executive director, national housing law project










systemic racial injustice, a widening wealth gap, and a shortage of homes people can afford are affecting our livelihoods and threatening what we love about california. learn about the creation of our bold long-term plan to create the future we all want for california – our roadmap home 2030.





residents united network

to end the state’s housing crisis, people who live in affordable housing across california must drive the conversation about affordable housing policy. we are more powerful when we are organized, and so we invite you to run with us!











join us in securing homes, health and wealth for all californians





become a member



support our work with a donation



join our mailing list



 














housing california

shaping narrative, building power, and changing policy to end homelessness and create affordable homes for all.

contact us:
1107 9th street, suite 560sacramento, ca 95814916.447.0503





explore

policy
about us
news & media
resources
contact




quick links

take action
policy priorities
run
staff
become a member




visit our other sites

annual conference
roadmap home 2030






how to get help if you’re experiencing homelessness
housing california does not provide housing placement or services. if you are experiencing housing insecurity or homelessness, please search online for housing agencies or homeless services in our region or contact your local 2-1-1 hotline for supportive services.





followfollowfollowfollowfollowfollow

privacy policy | terms of service









© 2025 housing california



made in california by marketing by design



 


































