






acs - a columbine site - the columbine high school tragedy

































a columbine site
welcome to the oldest columbine research site on the internet. this archive is dedicated to the injured victims, the survivors, and those who died in the columbine high school shooting in littleton, colorado, on april 20, 1999. this website deals with the grim facts of what happened that day. it's a factual examination of the actions of eric harris and dylan klebold, and the consequences that have followed.

25 years worth of information is archived here as well as photos, video and news clips, interviews, and much more. read about the basement tapes, columbine high, the survivors and the dead. there are photos, video and audio clips, links to books and films about columbine, the victims and survivors. you'll also find copies of the shooters' journals and aol profiles, reb's doom ii wads and websites, thousands of official documents such as autopsies, the columbine report, and much more. everything that happened before, during, and after the tragic massacre is archived here, so we'll never forget. if you're looking for information about the columbine shooting because you are doing research or just want to know what happened, proceed... with caution. some content is graphic and disturbing.
~ est. 4-21-1999 ~



+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + +






updates




1.31.24
there was recently a printing error with some copies of "we are all columbine". the issue has been resolved. if you got one of the books that is missing chapter 8, please return your copy to amazon (a free return) and order a new one. apologies for the inconvenience.
11.8.24
at long last, both books are in publication and available from amazon in the usa. outside the usa, it will take a bit longer to show up in searches. links below open in a new window. i'll start sending out complimentary copies next week to columbine families who expressed interest in receiving them.
a columbine book series
a columbine book: who. what. where. when. why?
the story and facts of the columbine shooting
we are all columbine: 25 years of healing
how the survivors have fared over the years and turned tragedy to triumph
7.30.24
first: please be sure to ctrl+f5 to load the most recent stylesheet. i've edited and some pages may appear strangely otherwise. if you run into a page that looks weird, try the ctrl+f5 again. if it still looks odd, contact me with the link.

book update: one of two books is technically published. the other is still undergoing some revisions and will be out soon. i'm holding off advertising them till i have links for both.
6.22.24
we have a release date for the books: july 4th, 2024. one is titled: a columbine book - who. what. where. when. why?. this is a complete recount of what happened on april 20th, 1999, along with a section that examines the role of other people, first responders, and medical as well as the ballistics and some of the conspiracies and inaccuracies reported in the early day. it also includes a thorough timeline that spans over 100 years. the other book is titled: a columbine book: we are all columbine - 25 years of healing. it examines what has happened since the shooting, how the survivors and their families have fared, and how they continue to heal. it also includes a narrative about my visit to the school and the columbine area during the 25th anniversary and what i learned from the people i met. 

both will be available on amazon as physical books and in ebook format. i am also looking at finding a way to publish the first book to my website as a free-to-access digital book. i really want the reference to be free to the world. profits from the sales of these books will go to charity.

5.10.24
got most of the top-level pages updated for better display on mobile. eventually the rest will follow. i added some photos to the officials page and the yearbook page while i was there.

book news: i will be publishing 2 books at the same time. one is a 25-year retrospective/update book that includes information i picked up while in colorado. the other is a reference book suitable for citing in essays and lesson plans. the 2nd book will be available for purchase in hard copy format (for citation and archival purpose), and will be free in ebook format. the free version will be on amazon and on this site, to ensure a copy of it remains free to the public regardless of where you're at in the world. both books should be available before the end of the month.
4.21.24
my trip to the littleton area was very inspiring. i am honored to have met and spoken with so many amazing people and to have been welcomed with open arms, quite literally. it's currently almost midnight on april 20, 2024 this 25th year (which is why this is dated for the 21st), so i'm going to keep this update short. i have more to say, but it will hold till i've gotten some sleep.
4.18.24
another reader asked about the fbi report. apparently i didn't link it to the reports page. the 1,756 page document is now linked alongside 320 deleted pages. i also added files having to do with the "missing" guerra report that i neglected to upload.
4.15.24
it was brought to my attention that css3 made my old mobile formatting obsolete. sorry about that. i'm in the process of converting the site over so it'll show correctly on mobile devices again, but it's going to take some time to get all the pages fixed up. also, because i'm focusing mostly on just getting the whole page to show (or scroll where necessary), some sections may look a little clunky (especially ones that have a lot of photos). i'll pretty them up later when everything's converted to the new format.

older posts






	+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + +




+ columbine victims

the uninjured
those who managed to survive the shooting without physical injury.  
	the injured
who they were and are. includes detailed recounts of their experiences at columbine as well as photos and present-day updates.
	the deceased
pictures and information about those who died and present-day family updates.
	911 calls
transcripts and sound files from 4-20-1999.
	surviving the day 1,  2
photos throughout the day of the assault on columbine.
	photo memorial 1, 2, 3
pictures of the various memorials and the crosses greg zanis made.
	funerals 
photos from the funerals/gravesites of the deceased.
	aftermath : year-by-year updates
for survivors and family life goes on. pictures of survivors today.
	 graduating class of 2002
	the last class to graduate who attended the school at the time of the shootings.
	

+ the events of april 20, 1999

who | what | when | where | why?
summary answers to each of these important questions.
	april 20th, 1999: detailed description of events
detailed start-to-finish recount of the events of tuesday the 20th, compiled from news media and, specifically, the columbine report released by the fbi. contains lots of sound files, video clips and *tons* of pictures taken by neighbors and the media.
	narrative summary
a summarized, speculative version of events. a brief look at what was intended to happen and what actually did happen.
	summary timeline
a brief summary of events listed by time of day
	columbine maps
maps of columbine and of the shooters' routes through the school
	

+ eric harris and dylan klebold

dylan klebold
	bio, pictures, sound files, information, and more.
		
chips program
dylan's cross
pictures of dylan
dylan's writing
dylan's journal / diary
klebold house

eric harris
	bio, pictures, sound files, information and more.
		
eric's cross
pictures of eric
eric's writing
eric's journal / diary
eric's webpages
url addresses of eric's websites
harris house
wayne harris' diary
eric's aol profiles
text versions
screenshot versions

 blackjack pizza
	where the gunmen and their friends worked.
	 notebooks, journals, and drawings
	what the shooters wrote about.
	police reports and official documents
	reports filed before and after the shooting. includes the columbine report.
	 school records and class rosters
	rosters, schedules and transcripts.
	videos
	school projects and the basement tapes.
	weapons and gear
	what the shooters wore, their weapons and ballistics.
	yearbook pictures
	pictures taken from yearbooks, primarily columbine's.
	

+ law enforcement & medical

columbine 911 calls
	transcripts and sound files from 911 calls made on 4-20-1999. in-depth info on the call made from the library during the shootings. 
	swat team and other officials
photos and information about the activities of the police, the swat, the medical crews, etc.
	police reports and official documents
reports filed before and after 1999. includes columbine report.
	autopsy reports
official reports and summaries of the victims and shooters.
	columbine evidence exhibit
2004 release of all of the evidence, made available to the public. photos, video clip, and description.
	



+ columbine high school

 outside columbine high 1, 2
	photo gallery of the school grounds during and after the shootings.
	 columbine maps
	maps of columbine and of the shooters' routes through the school.
	surveillance tapes
	video clips and screenshots from the cafeteria surveillance tapes.
	 damages
	pictures of the inside of the school after the shooting stopped.
	 remodeling
	pictures of the renovation of the school.
	 new hope columbine memorial library
	columbine high's new library.
	 return to columbine
	present-day columbine.
	 school records and class rosters
	rosters, schedules and transcripts.
	 graduating class of 2002
	the last class to graduate who attended the school at the time of the shootings.
	 columbine memorial
	dedicated and opened to the public on september 21, 2007. 
	 columbine and littleton
	clearing up confusion about where columbine high school is located.
	

+ other people

trench coat mafia
robyn anderson
brooks brown
philip duran
nate dykeman
cory friesen
zach heckler
mark manes
chris morris
greg barnes


+ aftermath & present day



 1999
 2000
 2001
 2002
 2003
 2004
 2005
 2006



 2007
 2008
 2009
 2010
 2011
 2012
 2013
 2014 and beyond



+ multi-media resources

basement tapes and home videos
	transcripts, footage and screenshots from rampart range, 
	basement tapes, hitmen for hire and more.
	911 calls
	transcripts and sound files from 911 calls made on 4-20-1999. in-depth info on the call made from the library during the shootings.
	sound and video clip archive
	911 calls, sound clips, transcripts, video footage from april 20, news, interviews, etc. 
	also a master list for all sounds on the site.
	surveillance tapes
	video clips and screenshots from the cafeteria surveillance tapes.
	archived news stories, links and other sites
	active links and archived news.
	books
	books written about and inspired by the events and people of 4-20-1999.
	music
	lyrics and songs having to do with the shootings.
	films and plays
	movies, films and plays inspired by or relevant to columbine.
	movie review - bowling for columbine
	what i thought about the controversial film.
	

+ this site

about this site & author
faq
bibliography
my opinion
contact










