



  



crest ni | a commitment to community.







































































toggle navigation








home
what’s new
privacy policy
contact us
home
what’s new
privacy policy
contact us
 




















welcome to the crest ni 



									the clinical resource efficiency support team (crest) was established in 1988 under the auspices of the dhss (ni) medical advisory structure. its formation was at the instigation of the medical profession because of concerns about the increasingly competitive pressures on scarce health service resources.								







 
view more















welcome to 



medical profession in northern ireland  



									quality healthcare made possible with our resources.								






read more


































 







the role of local medical advisory structures ! 











									local mas is critical in ensuring that patients receive high-quality care and that healthcare providers have access to the expertise, guidance, and resources they need to provide the best possible care. from coordination with the local healthcare community to support and guidance during emergency treatments, we cater to all healthcare needs.								











the group has the following terms of reference 



									here are some of our healthcare missions.								









 





promote clinical efficiency 



									we provide efficient care for a healthier tomorrow. you can streamline your practice with our clinical efficiency solutions.								









 





disseminate ideas 



									we conduct programs and workshops to spread the idea of the proper healthcare practices and how the choices today can impact your health tomorrow.								









 





good clinical practice 



									efficiency is the key to better healthcare outcomes. right medical treatments can only be derived from good clinical practices.								

















"the valuable information provided here is a motivational factor for every individual in the profession to make health care accessible to everyone’s doorstep."



 

lula e. camacho - skills training group
















latest news & updates 




healthcare quality improvement tips
improving healthcare quality is a priority for healthcare organizations and professionals. providing high-quality care is essential for ensuring positive patient outcomes and maintaining trust in healthcare providers and hospitals. healthcare …read more 






















					copyright © 2023 crestni.org.uk | all rights reserved.				










scroll to top





























































