







swing-up rack
































































































cart
















0






sign in
my account




















              home
            

            products
          

            exercises
          

            about us
          

            contact
          











































sign in
my account















































cart
















0











homeproductsexercisesabout uscontact







the device that raised the limits of pole vault!











scroll








build theultimate coreinversion powerwith thepole vaultswing-up rackthe device that raised the limits of pole vault

 



















made in the usainternationally acclaimed



buy now








improve your pole vault swing-up strength, speed, & technique to keep your pole loaded while invertingthe patented pole vault swing-up rack was developed to rapidly build that swing-up inversion strength, speed & technique for pole vaulters of all levels.build the core of a pole vaulterafter decades of development and use around the world, the swing-up rack has proven its safety and effectiveness as the ultimate core, hip and shoulder strength training tool for athletes at all levels!*can be used alone or pushed like spotting an athlete weightlifting.*constructed with a powder-coated steel frame made to last a lifetime.*comfortable pads wrapped with a custom, slick vinyl for ease of shoulder comfort and rotation.








 












“i got one last year, and regret not buying it sooner!”

— james higham




“i wish everyone had one! totally worth the investment.”

— ultimate pole vault club




“love the swing up rack! [it] has made a huge difference for me and my athletes.”

— ginger lemon




“we use it dang near every session. have for 4 years.”

— the vault barn pole vault club



about the inventortim werner, advantage athletics inctim werner has been a successful coach for more than 40 years at all levels: elite, ncaa, high school, special olympics, and club.tim has multiple credentials in kinesiology with graduate studies in biomechanics from california state university of northridge studying with the likes of dr. toshio moritani an emeritus professor now at kyoto university in japan. tim studied, competed, and coached with bill webb, now retired head coach of the university of tennessee, and art venegas who was the head coach at ucla and is now the olympic team throws coach.








pole vault swing-up rack



summary



large image



testimonials












click on the video below to see what thepole vault swing-up rack can do for you







          dream it ~ own it ~ swing it
        

          ~
        











dream it ~ own it ~ swing it
~










        dream it ~ own it ~ swing it ~ 
      







    buy now
  





advantage athletics, inc.
missoula, mt 59802,
usa
818-261-4493
advantaveath@gmail.com


hours
mon 8am - 5pm
tue 8am - 5pm
wed 8am - 5pm
thu 8am - 5pm
fri 8am - 5pm
sat closed
sun closed




follow us on instagram, facebook, and youtube to see how our customers are using our products all over the world.






































privacy policyterms of sale




pole vault swing-up rack®all rights reserved advantage athletics, inc. 2020-2024









