






house rabbit society of chicago


































 







																								follow us
																							
















about us
adopt
education
resources

bonding
found a rabbit?
local vets
looking to surrender your rabbit?
rabbit diet guide (pdf)
rabbit housing needs
rabbit sitters


support us

donate
foster application
volunteer application


shop
contact us
policy statements

search











 









https://hrschicago.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/my-movie.mp4




hrs chicago is an all volunteer, nonprofit, no-kill rabbit welfare organization dedicated to the rescue and rehabilitation of domestic house rabbits. we are the first house rabbit rescue in illinois. we began our rescue work in 1989. we are not affiliated with house rabbit society in richmond, ca.

we provide abandoned and neglected rabbits with the care and attention they need and work tirelessly to find them loving homes. in addition to our rescue and adoption efforts, we’re dedicated to raising awareness about rabbit welfare and strive to create a world where every bunny receives the respect, love and care they deserve.
we’re a registered 501(c)3 nonprofit relying solely on your generous donations. as an all-volunteer group, every dollar you give directly supports our rescue rabbits’ care, rehabilitation, and educational programs promoting responsible rabbit guardianship. your donations are tax-deductible and can be made online or by mail.

hrs chicago is an all volunteer, nonprofit, no-kill rabbit welfare organization dedicated to the rescue and rehabilitation of domestic house rabbits in need. we are the first house rabbit rescue in illinois. we began our rescue work in 1989. we are not affiliated with house rabbit society in richmond, ca.
we provide abandoned and neglected rabbits with the care and attention they need and work tirelessly to find them loving homes. in addition to rescue and adoption efforts, we’re dedicated to raising awareness about rabbit welfare and strive to create a world where every bunny receives the respect, love and care they deserve.
we’re a registered 501(c)3 nonprofit relying solely on your generous donations. as an all-volunteer group, every dollar you give directly supports our rescue rabbits’ care, rehabilitation, and educational programs promoting responsible rabbit guardianship. your donations are tax-deductible and can be made online or by mail.

donatesupport us by clicking below to make a tax-deductible donation – whether it's a one-time contribution or a recurring gift, your generosity makes a lasting impact.
donatefosterwe're on the lookout for loving foster homes for rabbits. your support can make a world of difference by offering a secure and caring environment to these adorable rabbits in need.
fostervolunteerwe're in search of dedicated volunteers from all walks of life to join our rescue organization. your unique skills and passion can make a real difference in the lives of our rescued rabbits.
volunteer





belden buns



goblin



nova



nebula



goblin & peppermint



loaf



nova



loaf



nebula



veronica



loaf & boo



honey bunches
 




load more 










mailing address

house rabbit society of chicago
p. o. box 8115
chicago, il 60608
support us

adopt
donate
foster
volunteer





© hrs chicago 2023-2024


 


















 

privacy preference center







privacy preferences




























