


inexpensive f&i software for used car dealers or new car dealer software buy here pay here car lot software automotive business system dms accounting software solution f&i software program

















































 
 



home
our company
features
order demo
links
calculator
software update

 
 










product features
go to our product features page to see some of the highlights of our software.
read more








order our demo
you can order a demo on our order demo page and you will receive an email with a link to download a free 30 day demo of our software. 
read more









about us
we have over been in business over 25 years and we always put our customers first. find out more about our company by clicking the read more button. 
read more








accounting integration
we have real time software integration with the autoaps accounting software. find out more about autoaps by clicking the read more button. 
read more
















-->

                    

















welcome to our website!


afs information systems provides inexpensive  f&i software for use  in new or used car dealerships.

afs dms software includes buy here pay here, vin number decoding, internet credit bureau reports, automotive accounting,
payroll, parts inventory, repair order and service management, vehicle inventory, sales management, prospecting, followup, and tracking. we have integrated credit reports available for all of our used car dealerships, new car dealerships, and buy here pay here used car lots.
the software is designed to work in automobile, rv, atv, marine, motorcycle, heavy equipment truck, mobile
home, agricultural dealerships, etc.


afs provides f&i software or complete  dms and accounting software solutions with integrated f&i, vehicle
inventory, buyhere payhere, automobile dealership accounting, payroll, parts inventory, and repair order service writing solutions.



the afs finance and insurance program was first written in 1984.  over thirty five years of improvements and recommendations
from dealers have gone into afs automotive software.  our dealer management software is constantly being improved to meet your needs. afs customers
throughout the u.s. will tell you we have the advanced features you want with quick, accurate and courteous support.


afs software support will cost you less and there is no setup charge. afs software fees are among the lowest in the industry
starting at only $60 per month for small dealers.   afs provides the best quality software at the most affordable rate and comes with dependable u.s. based support. join the afs family of satisfied users.



afs has a better dms software solution for used car dealers, new car dealers, buy here pay here dealers, marine dealers, motorcycle dealers, or rv
dealers.  it costs you less, saves you time, is easier to use and makes you more profitable.  let us prove it to you. for more information order a
 free demo download today.








   autoaps accounting parts and service software for motor vehicle dealerships.
   




   look4cars is a free dealer locator service. is your dealership registered with look4cars?
   





   sales opportunities with afs information systems.
   







   send us your comments and/or questions.
   






we support our troops




 

 
 



afs home
our company
features
order demo
links
calculator
contact us
software update



        copyright © 2019 afs information systems | designed by free css templates |           back to top


 
 


