




































home | princeton university











      skip to main content
    







princeton university






menu



search



search sites & people

×



























president eisgruber's state of the university letter, 2025



            eisgruber will discuss the letter and invite questions at the annual town hall for university staff members on weds., feb. 19.
      






expanding the innovation ecosystem
                        
  
      governor murphy and president eisgruber announced microsoft and coreweave as founding partners in the nj ai hub
  

          
future-facing scholarship and teaching
                        
  
      millions on the african continent can’t fully benefit from the ai revolution. this princeton course aims to change that.
  

          










spotlight on princeton’s transfer students

princeton’s growing community of transfer students brings a wealth of experiences and perspectives to campus. many come from first-generation, lower-income, community college and u.s. military veteran backgrounds. academic and extracurricular programs — enabled by the university’s endowment and donors’ generosity — support the success of transfer students while at princeton and beyond. meet some of our transfer students and learn more about transfer programs as this series rolls out on princeton’s social media.


life as a transfer student at princeton university


meet tommy guan ‘25


meet rubi larancuent '27


meet ridge jaco ’26


meet precious opaola ’28









university news

view all news


anson rabinbach, european historian and ‘luminous spirit,’ dies at 79
                        
            rabinbach joined princeton’s faculty in 1996 and transferred to emeritus status in 2019. he served as director of the humanities council’s program in european cultural studies from 1998 to 2008.

      
          
two professors, four alumni elected to national academy of engineering
                        
            six princetonians have been elected to the national academy of engineering: professor philip john holmes, professor lynn loo, and alumni marsha anderson bomar, susan brantley, pei cao and marian gindy.

      
          
princeton geoscientists propose an unexpected new screening tool for cancer
                        
            xinning zhang and ashley maloney discovered that a geology technique shows promise in detecting cancer-like cells. if their preliminary results bear out, they may have identified a new signature for cancer, which could mean earlier diagnosis and better outcomes.

      
          
black history month 2025: eddie glaude jr. on james baldwin, roberto lugo at art@bainbridge, and more
                        
            the university community is hosting a range of events. educational programs and resources are also available year-round.

      
          
venture forward's 2024 report highlights impact, including annual giving
                        
            the venture forward campaign is a mission-driven campaign in support of the university's strategic initiatives. annual giving and alumni engagement are the ways most alumni and friends participate in the campaign.

      
          
princeton donates laptops to two new jersey correctional facilities to support higher education and digital literacy
                        
            the laptops and related equipment like headsets and printers will be used in two state prisons as part the state's nj-step program. the donation heralds the 20th anniversary of the princeton teaching initiative.

      
          

view all news





research roundup







analog-digital quantum simulator yields surprising insights


dmitry abanin, department of physics

     nature
    
feb. 06, 2025






researchers find some climate-mitigation strategies are better for wildlife than others


jeffrey smith, high meadows environmental institute, and jonathan levine, ecology and evolutionary biology

     science
    
jan. 23, 2025






a new tool to find copper-based vulnerabilities in cancer


christopher chang, department of chemistry

     proceedings of the national academy of sciences
    
jan. 15, 2025











the quantum future: meeting the moment

princeton’s quantum scientists and engineers are working to manipulate the strange behaviors of particles — mindbending realities like quantum entanglement and superposition — to advance knowledge and produce technologies in fields as far-ranging as computing, communications, medicine, energy, finance and cryptography. our expanded quantum initiative and new ph.d. program carry forward a spirit of discovery on our campus that reaches back to einstein.
follow our latest breakthroughs and meet our forward thinkers







exceptional faculty


princeton faculty members are all exceptional scholars in their disciplines who are expected to teach as well as engage in research. faculty work closely with undergraduates in the supervision of junior year independent work and senior theses.














bonnie bassler

molecular biology
bassler is a pioneer and global leader in discovering the astonishing ways that bacteria communicate. in january, she was awarded the national medal of science at a white house ceremony.












agustín fuentes

anthropology 
fuentes studies the behavior, biology, and cultures of humans, our evolutionary ancestors, and other species we interact with, offering integrative insights that counter more simplistic narratives of the human experience.












 frances lee

princeton school of public and international affairs and politics
lee’s research on congressional politics and policymaking helps the public and scholars understand and address pressing issues in american democracy.
 












howard stone 

mechanical and aerospace engineering
stone's fluid dynamics research connects engineering to chemistry, physics, and biology, with subjects including microdevices, swimming bacteria, flows of polymeric materials and respiratory virus transmission.












sigrid adriaenssens

civil and environmental engineering
adriaenssens is an engineering innovator, designing lightweight, elegant and resilient structures for sustainable buildings, bridges and other infrastructure.













ruha benjamin

african american studies
benjamin’s scholarship explores the relationship between technological innovation and social equity. she is the author of 2022’s “viral justice” and 2024's “imagination: a manifesto.”













anne cheng

english
cheng’s "ornamentalism" advances a groundbreaking theory about asiatic femininity in western culture and is an impetus for an upcoming exhibit at the metropolitan museum called monstrous beauty, opening march 2025.












janet currie

princeton school of public and international affairs
currie applies economics expertise to children’s health, development and well-being.
 












arvind narayanan

computer science and the center for information technology policy
narayanan studies the societal impact of artificial intelligence and machine learning.












chika okeke-agulu

art and archaeology
okeke-agulu is a celebrated artist, critic, curator and historian of african and african diaspora art. he is director of princeton’s africa world initiative.












marina rustow

near eastern studies and history
rustow uses machine learning to decipher thousands of arabic and hebrew fragments preserved in a medieval cairo synagogue. a new neh grant supports an expansion of the project.












leonard wantchekon

politics
2023 global economy prize winner wantchekon came of age as a pro-democracy student activist in benin. he was a keynote speaker and co-host for the recent world bank-un refugee agency conference on forced displacement.
 










princeton in the news







princeton university president defends endowment, dei and ‘institutional restraint’ in annual letter


featured: president christopher l eisgruber

     pensions & investments
    
jan. 30, 2025






mysterious blobs found inside cells are rewriting the story of how life works


featured: cliff brangwynne

     scientific american
    
jan. 21, 2025






multiracial boom in 2020 census was mostly an illusion, researchers say


featured: paul starr, christina pao

     ap news
    
jan. 14, 2025







#ventureforwardthrough the venture forward campaign, princeton is making audacious bets on talent and potential that will have a transformative impact on the future of humanity.dare to venture






student life at princeton

princeton brings together undergraduate and graduate students from all backgrounds, and every corner of the earth, to share their experiences and perspectives with one another. make your mark as part of our vibrant community.
learn more







upcoming events


view all








2025 vis book & poster showfeb 18 hagan gallery, 185 nassau st., 185 nassau street, first floor 
8:00 a.m.


prophetic maharaja: loss, sovereignty, and the sikh tradition in colonial south asiafeb 18 louis a. simpson international building, a71 
4:30 p.m.


fall 2024 student film screeningsfeb 18 james stewart film theater, 185 nassau st., 185 nassau street 
5:00 p.m.




view all events









study at princeton

our approach to learning combines the best aspects of a great research university and an outstanding liberal arts college.


areas of study


learning abroad


undergraduate admission


graduate admission










work at princeton

every employee has the opportunity to make an impact supporting our mission of teaching and research.


faculty and academic positions


staff positions






































princeton university



main navigation

meet princeton
submenu for meet princeton


in service of humanity
facts & figures
history
honors & awards
contact us
visit us
our faculty
our students
our alumni
our staff
our leadership
academic freedom and free expression
strategic planning framework


academics
submenu for academics


studying at princeton
library
areas of study
humanities
social sciences
engineering
natural sciences
advising
academic calendar
course tools
learning abroad
career development
continuing education
innovative learning


research
submenu for research


engineering & applied science
humanities
natural sciences
social sciences
dean for research office
interdisciplinary approach
external partnerships
facilities & labs


one community
submenu for one community


lifelong connections
student life
arts & culture
athletics
living in princeton, n.j.
housing & dining
activities & organizations
cultural & affinity groups
health & wellness
religious life
serving the public good
families


admission & aid
submenu for admission & aid


affordable for all
about financial aid
current undergraduate financial aid
undergraduate admission
graduate admission
for international students



 
dare to venture
.





                
                                  from the present to the possible
                              

 

 
athletics
.





                
                                  go princeton tigers
                              

 



utility menu


news


events


work at princeton


student links


alumni


giving


inside princeton








contact links


contact us


accessibility help


directory






visiting links


plan a visit


maps & shuttles


varsity athletics


giving to princeton






academic links


library


academic calendar


student links


faculty & staff links






footer social media


facebook


twitter


instagram


snapchat


linkedin


youtube


social media directory







equal opportunity and nondiscrimination at princeton university: princeton university believes that commitment to principles of fairness and respect for all is favorable to the free and open exchange of ideas, and the university seeks to reach out as widely as possible in order to attract the ablest individuals as students, faculty, and staff. in applying this policy, the university is committed to nondiscrimination on the basis of personal beliefs or characteristics such as political views, religion, national origin, ancestry, race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy and related conditions, age, marital or domestic partnership status, veteran status, disability, genetic information and/or other characteristics protected by applicable law in any phase of its education or employment programs or activities. in addition, pursuant to title ix of the education amendments of 1972 and supporting regulations, princeton does not discriminate on the basis of sex in the education programs or activities that it operates; this extends to admission and employment. inquiries about the application of title ix and its supporting regulations may be directed to the assistant secretary for civil rights, office for civil rights, u.s. department of education or to the university’s sexual misconduct/title ix coordinator. see princeton’s full equal opportunity policy and nondiscrimination statement.
      



princeton university





princeton, nj
08544

operator: (609) 258-3000



                  © 2025 the trustees of princeton university
                

subfooter links


copyright infringement


privacy notice















