








































commencement




















          skip to main content
        

          skip to secondary navigation
        

stanford university (link is external)







stanford

 
commencement





search this site

submit search



menu
homegraduatesfacultyfaqsplan your visitaccessibility



     commencement
    













 




























 



stanford commencement weekendjune 12 - 15, 2025





 






 













saturday, june 14 at 10:00 a.m.
baccalaureate celebration
baccalaureate at stanford is a multi faith celebratory gathering for graduating seniors, graduate students, and their families. the celebration will be held on saturday, june 14 at 10:00 a.m. in frost amphitheater. 









 













sunday, june 15 at 9:30 a.m.
commencement ceremony
over the past 134 years, stanford university has established a rich history of commencement traditions. we look forward to celebrating with graduates, friends, family, faculty, and guests on sunday, june 15 at 9:30 a.m. in stanford stadium.









 













sunday, june 15 at various times
school & department ceremonies
most school and department ceremonies will take place at various times and locations across campus following the main ceremony on sunday, june 15.







 







most frequently asked questions
are tickets required to attend the main commencement ceremony?yes, tickets are required to attend the main commencement ceremony. commencement is principally an event for graduating students and their guests. to ensure a safe and enjoyable experience, the ceremony will be ticketed, allowing graduates to request tickets for their invited guests.ticketing details, including how to request tickets, will be provided in early spring quarter. please note: some department ceremonies or other commencement-related events may also require rsvps or tickets. please contact the specific school or department for details.do graduates need tickets for themselves?yes. eligible graduates will be sent information in early spring quarter for how to request a ticket for themselves, as well as any guests they may wish to invite.how many guest tickets can i request for commencement?there is no limit to the number of guest tickets that can be requested for the main commencement ceremony.please note: some department ceremonies or other commencement-related events may have specific limits in place due to venue capacity. please contact the specific school or department for details.am i eligible to participate in this year’s commencement ceremony? you are automatically eligible for the main commencement ceremony if: you conferred a degree in summer 2024, autumn 2024, or winter 2025. you are expected to confer your degree in spring 2025 or summer 2025. you are a coterm student who began your undergraduate program in autumn 2021. if you are still unsure if you meet this criteria, you can check your participation eligibility directly in axess. in your "my academics" drop-down menu, locate the "univ. commencement eligibility" link. you'll be directed to a page that will indicate eligible or not eligible, based on your student record. if you are listed as eligible, no further action is necessary. if you are listed as ineligible but would still like to participate, you will need to request an exception. complete the linked commencement participation request form to request an exception to participate. students who are listed as eligible should not complete this form. instructions can be found on the student academic services website. note: this eligibility criteria only applies to the main commencement ceremony. if you would like to participate in your school or department ceremony, please check with them directly for their eligibility criteria and any actions you may need to take to confirm participation in that ceremony, including walking across the stage and having your name called out or included in the program.


            read all of the frequently asked questions
          






















 































    back to top
  










stanford

 
commencement




        web login
      



address

office of special events & protocol
326 galvez st
stanford, ca 94305
united states



commencement@stanford.edu


(650) 725-9807


osep website






stanford facebook





stanford twitter





stanford instagram





youtube





stanford linkedin






quick links


faqs


accessibility


news & announcements




traditions


past ceremonies


heraldry


regalia













stanforduniversity (link is external)





stanford home (link is external)

maps & directions (link is external)

search stanford (link is external)

emergency info (link is external)



terms of use (link is external)

privacy (link is external)

copyright (link is external)

trademarks (link is external)

non-discrimination (link is external)

accessibility (link is external)




© stanford university.
  stanford, california 94305.



 





