
















welcome


























              schedule update: 
mass will be celebrated today at 9am as usual, but out of an abundance of caution with the unpredictable weather, adoration of the blessed sacrament is cancelled today. (updated 2/14/25 9:00am)



    


     welcome


   new parishioner registration



  mass times



  becoming catholic



  livestreamed masses



  staff



  job openings





  parish life


   our history



  ministries



  parish news & bulletin



  work order form





  faith formation


   family faith formation



  growing in faith



  becoming catholic



  returning catholics



  adult confirmation





  sacraments


   baptism



  penance



  eucharist



  confirmation



  marriage



  holy orders



  anointing of the sick



  funerals



  request sacramental records





  giving


   online giving


   year end giving





  stewardship of treasure



  stewardship of time & talent



  annual catholic appeal



  annual report





  our faith


   what are the sacraments



  being catholic today



  what is the catholic church?



  we are the church



  beliefs


   essentials



  papacy & unity



  liturgical calendar



  prayer
















    
 





       schedule update:  mass will be celebrated today at 9am as usual, but out of an abundance of caution with the unpredictable weather, adoration of the blessed sacrament is cancelled today. (updated 2/14/25 9:00am)



    welcome!
 
 st. jude catholic church
redmond, wa


one family with
holy innocents, duvall and
st. anthony mission, carnation



   
    





 mass times

 
    














 directions

 
   



  parish news



     

make a gift to st. jude


   

register at st. jude


   

watch livestream here




     

read our bulletin & pastor letter


   

sign up for our newsletter


   

contact us




    upcoming events

    


 st. jude vacation bible school is early this year!  june 23 to june 279:00am to 12:30pmfor: ages 4yrs to 12yrs volunteers are needed,
please consider serving our youth! for more information contact
joan@stjude-redmond.org
  

register for vbs

  

volunteer for vbs

  

donate to vbs


 






   



      
 we’re looking forward to seeing you on february 22nd!
oh the weather outside is frightful – all the reason you should pop into the kc saturday night diner! we’re back this month with a particularly comforting blue plate special during cold, blustery days. please come downstairs and join us after mass on saturday, february 22nd to enjoy dinner with friends and family. this month, the diner is featuring tomato-basil soup with the classis go-to of a grilled cheese sandwich! delish! but remember to save some room because
there’s always dessert at the dinner! future diner dates:   may 31, 2025 




  

  

buy crab feed tickets


 
 holy hour from 7-8pm
every first friday
next: march 7
the st. jude house of prayer ministry hosts a monthly holy hour on every first friday of the month from 7 - 8 pm in the church.
the hour of pray will include:• praise & worship• a talk (various topics that will be published in advance).• guided adorationall are welcome!taking time to be with the lord in the quietness of church can be one of the most rewarding and peaceful things you can do. cast your cares on the lord and he will sustain you.



    

 


 watch: this inspirational new video, created especially for the archdiocese of seattle’s 175th anniversary, covers the history of the archdiocese from its founding in 1850 to present day. this beautiful and impactful video covers the milestones, visionary leadership, change and resilience that are part of our archdiocese’s great legacy of faith. as we journey together through partners in the gospel, this video is a great way to show how change has been central to our archdiocese and gives us hope for the future.




   

     

 celebrate:
jubilee year
jubilee year 2025 was established by pope francis, calling the faithful to become pilgrims of hope. participate locally by visiting the five designated pilgrimage sites in our area, where the faithful can visit on their own schedule, either one or all of them!

 
 read:
a letter from the wscc on immigration
"we, the bishops of washington state, stand with our brothers and sisters who are immigrants and refugees. the threats of mass deportations and forced separation of families have caused great fear for refugees and migrants and their families — documented and undocumented. these threats are contrary to the gospel of jesus christ ...
read more"




 



   



    




   this weekend, our parish will participate in the statewide prepares open your heart appeal. the prepares (pregnancy & parenting support) ministry is a nurturing, parish-based response to low-income mothers and fathers who, regardless of religious belief, have chosen life: the promise of support and care from pregnancy to their child's fifth birthday. your gift, no matter the amount, will have a real impact in fulfilling the promise to families in need to provide life-affirming, life-changing support.the program was initiated in 2014 by the bishops of washington state to offer parishes the opportunity to live out catholic teachings about the value of all human life and the preferential option for the poor. since then, statewide, the program has been adopted by 197 parishes, and in 2024 trained 1,144 volunteers and companions providing 22,193 family encounters, offering one-on-one companionship, children's essentials, and social and educational events for young parents. to learn more, volunteer, or donate, visit www.preparesforlife.org 


  watch video:
prepares is a promise to walk the

journey of parenting from pregnancy to early childhood.

 




   



    parish stewardship

 

your pledge to st. jude allows us to continue the mission to help others encounter christ. we do this through our rcia programs, young adult ministries, religious education, or one of our many small groups.

    thank you!if you made a pledge to our parish for 2025, thank you so much, please accept our sincerest thanks and appreciation for participating this year!
  

make a 2025 pledge now





  





    mass and confession schedule
 weekday masses
9: 00 ammonday, wednesday, thursday, friday(weekday masses are livestreamed) saturday vigil mass
5:00 pm  (livestreamed) sundays
9:00 am and 11:00 am confessions
wednesdays 8:30 - 8:50 amfridays during lent 6:00 -6:45 pmsaturdays 3:30 - 4:30 pmparish penance service twice yearly at easter and advent adoration of the blessed sacrament
fridays after 9 am mass until 9 pmsign up for a holy hour by clicking the image below.
 


  church and parish office hours

church hours for private prayer
monday through thursday8:30 am - 4:00 pmfriday8:30 am - 9:00 pm
including adoration of the blessed sacrament parish office hours
monday through thursday9:00 am - 4:00 pmfriday9:00 am - noon
 register here for youth faith formation

all classes use the same form

faith formation classes (grades k-6)first reconciliation/first eucharist preparation (grades 2 - 3)first reconciliation/first communion preparation (grade 4 and above)confirmation preparation (grades 7 and above)

  

register for our 2024-25 faith formation program here.




       other parish news







  
 
 pastoral assistant for faith formation
(full-time with benefits)
st. jude parish in redmond, wa, is seeking a faithful, practicing and high-energy catholic who will foster spiritual formation and a deeper relationship with jesus christ and the church among the children and young adults.
this person should be creative, a self-starter with a passion for sharing the faith as well as having a clear understanding of relational ministry to form disciples through retreats, religious education, socials, service opportunities and more.this is a full-time position which involves evenings, weekends and occasional overnight travel.   
  

learn more or apply now





   



   to learn more about partners in the gospel: visit the
partners in the gospel websitesign up for the partners in the gospel newsletterpray for this processpastoral assignments








      
 other helpful resources

    

  daily readings
  

button




  

  catholic news & prospectives
  

button




  

  simply catholic
  

button




  

  online giving
  

button










    st. jude catholic church
 (425) 883-7685 10526 166th ave ne, redmond, wa, 98052, united states
 office hoursmonday - thursday 9:00 am - 4:00 pmfriday 9:00 am - 12 noon
© 2024 st. jude catholic church



   admin

 powered by our sunday visitor

















































































































  
  share by:







 powered by our sunday visitor





