



home - ziegler chemical & mineral corp.




















































skip to main navigationskip to main contentskip to footer





ziegler chemical & mineral corp.
producer of specialty compounds, coatings, adhesives, wire & cable compounds, electrical potting compounds & sealants, mineral rubber (mr), and other products containing asphalt, gilsonite, wax, epoxy, acrylic, & polymer resins. we also have the capability to make solvent and water based coatings with these ingredients.



menu



search for:



home
what is gilsonite?
what is specialty asphalt?
what are potable water coatings?
company history
contact us
skip to menu toggle button 


email  
back to top ↑

















 in 2024, we have regained our position as primary supplier of mineral rubber (mr) to the rubber compounding, tire, coatings, and ink industries. ziegler chemical is now producing rubber mineral for the past customers of pioneer asphalt and tumpeer chemical company. mineral rubber is a highly processed hard asphalt that is ground into a granular powder and offered for sale in bags. it finds wide usage in the rubber industry as an economical extender and plasticizer for natural rubber, reclaim and many types of synthetic rubbers.






in 2020, ziegler purchased product lines from the now closed solar compounds of linden, nj. solar specialized in the supply of wire and cable compounds, as well as paint and lacquers, hot melts, adhesives, electrical potting compounds, and specialty asphalt compounds. as competitors for many years, ziegler is able to help solar’s customers.






 now in partnership with chris industries to make advanced hot melt adhesives, epoxy compounds, coatings, ink, & paints. as well as custom toll formulations and private labeling. chris industries, founded in 1937 has been toll producing a wide variety of products for the paint, coatings, epoxy adhesives, wire strand, cable flooding, and coal tar industries. our specialized equipment allow us to custom blend a wide variety of formulations.






















skip back to main navigation









find us address
600 prospect avenue
piscataway, new jersey, 08854  u.s.a.
telephone 1-732-752-4111
fax. 1-732-752-4114
e-mail: 








			© 1997-2025 ziegler chemical & mineral corp. | designed by kind technology services 

email  
back to top ↑




























































































































































