             
	home
                       
            

  
about us

welcome 
my profile
sign out


login
















 










join
   





where print, people, and technology unite.





become a member
visit ilearning+
find research










join us in honoring the industry's best by participating in the 2025 pinnacle awards. this prestigious program recognizes groundbreaking innovations and exceptional achievements in printing and graphic arts. submit your entries by april 11 and be part of the elite group shaping the future of printing.
submit your entry










the economics and forecasting section of printing united alliance provides in-depth reports on the printing industry's performance and future outlook. it covers sales, profitability, investment plans, hiring trends, and the impact of economic and technological changes, aiding strategic decisions.
download a report










the alliance member directory has launched! with this new and improved tool, you can expand your network, find trusted partners, and grow your customer base. members, make sure to update your info and put your listing to work for you.
start your search










join printing united alliance's online communities! it’s more than just a network, it’s a dynamic virtual environment created just for members to connect, collaborate, and grow. where ideas, insights, and expertise are shared every day. from distributors to students and educators; there's a group for everyone!
join the conversation



 










research & resources











submit your entry
join us in honoring the industry's best by participating in the 2025 pinnacle awards. this prestigious program recognizes groundbreaking innovations and exceptional achievements in printing and graphic arts. submit your entries by april 11 and be part of the elite group shaping the future of printing.












download a report
the economics and forecasting section of printing united alliance provides in-depth reports on the printing industry's performance and future outlook. it covers sales, profitability, investment plans, hiring trends, and the impact of economic and technological changes, aiding strategic decisions.












start your search
the alliance member directory has launched! with this new and improved tool, you can expand your network, find trusted partners, and grow your customer base. members, make sure to update your info and put your listing to work for you.


 





industry communities
explore the printing industry through specialized content and resources for specific market segments and demographics.








apparel decoration












commercial printing












digital packaging












digital textile












educators & students












graphics production












industrial applications & printed electronics












installation pdaa












women in print












printing united journal articles











functional textile coatings for thermal regulation
understanding the science behind functional textile coatings focusing on eco-friendly aerogels.


member-only resource! login or join to view.
get access













finding deeper opportunities with web-to-print
web-to-print isn’t a commodity, it’s a solution. here’s how print service providers can use it to their advantage.


member-only resource! login or join to view.
get access













investing in the future
one of the ways to measure the true success of any trade show is to look at the sales made on the show floor. this year’s printing united expo didn’t disappoint. here is a brief recap of the big wins and record sales.


member-only resource! login or join to view.
get access













conquering the greatest labor bottleneck
printers share challenges and bright spots in the finishing department.


member-only resource! login or join to view.
get access



 


1 (current)


2


3


4


5


6


7


8


9


10



»








become a member

                    become a printing united alliance member and take advantage of the many benefits of membership.
                

join now



     

add chat to your website





about
privacy policy
do not sell
cookie policy

  
  
  
  


membership terms & conditions
member code of conduct
  

©  printing united allianceone penn center | 1617 jfk boulevard | suite 1750 | philadelphia, pa 19103 usa | 888-385-3588

      are you sure you want to leave our site?   are you sure you want to leave our site?   printing united alliance does not provide, and is not responsible for, the product, service, overall website content, security, or privacy policies on any external third-party sites. these sites may not be conformant with current ada requirements. if you click “yes, continue,” an external website that is owned and operated by a third-party will be opened in a new browser window. if you click “no, stay here,” you will be returned to our website.     yes, continue   no, stay here         
