




















student life : washington and lee university










































washington and lee university







menu








a-z index
directory
libraries
webmail
news
events
calendar



current students
faculty & staff
get help now


search







search















 navigation



student life
 first-year experience
 inclusion and engagement
 student activities
 student services and support
 office of housing & residence life
 dining services
 career development
 health and safety
 policies and guidelines
 




home student life 

						student life
					





first-year experience - class of 2029

first-year experience assists new students with their holistic development. we want students to feel welcome, be aware of and likely to use resources, and develop skills intellectually, emotionally, and socially.

first-year correspondence
student testimonials
before you arrive
arrivals and orientation
your first year
parents and families
services
faq







inclusion and engagement

w&l is committed to the recruitment and retention of a broad, inclusive student body, faculty and administration who represent a wide range of interests, abilities and cultures.

office of inclusion and engagement
statement of commitment to diversity
diversity resources
programs and events
policies
student organizations







student activities

w&l offers students the opportunity to join hundreds of student organizations and attend speakers, concerts, movies, and other events throughout the year so that your life on campus is never dull.

student clubs and organizations
event planning
campus recreation
recognized student organizations
greek life
faqs
outing club
explore the commons
staff directory







student services and support

college can be a big adjustment, and at w&l, we believe that there is a direct connection between what happens in and beyond the classroom. beginning with the first-year program, we offer the guidance, resources and support to help students succeed on both academic and personal levels.

get help now
academic support
mental health and wellness
campus events
student services
leadership development
class deans
class newsletter archives
staff directory







office of housing & residence life

living in campus residence halls is an important part of every w&l undergraduate student's experience.  all first-years, sophomores, and juniors live in university housing, in a variety of group settings including traditional residence halls, apartments, townhouses, and themed housing.  rising seniors typically secure living arrangements off-campus, however a limited number or rooms are usually available for seniors who wish to remain on campus. law students are not eligible for campus housing.  

housing selection
campus housing options
housing services
disability accommodations
off-campus housing
faqs







dining services

dining services offers a full board meal plan for first-year students, who take the majority of their meals in the marketplace, w&l's main dining hall. upper-division students have several meal plan options which allow them to take their meals in any of the three campus dining facilities, as well as in fraternity/sorority housing and off campus.

campus dining facilities
menus
meal plans
meal requests
catering services
student employment







career and professional development

the career and professional development center complements the educational experience of students by providing the guidance and resources needed to develop and implement their academic and career plans. its comprehensive services emphasize collaborative relationships with employers, alumni, faculty, peer institutions and the w&l community.

explore career options
networking
resumes and cover letters
interview preparation
internship and job search
graduate school preparation







health and safety

the student health center at washington and lee university includes three departments to help students, be it counseling or providing information about health issues. the office of public safety provides a safe and secure environment for students, faculty, staff and visitors to the university community.

get help now
student health and counseling
public safety







policies and guidelines

the community of trust created by washington and lee's student-run honor system is one of the hallmarks of student life. w&l students hold each other accountable for honorable behavior, character and integrity, actively participating in the governance of student conduct through six bodies.

get help now
reinstatement
student conduct
student grievances
student handbook
disability accommodation
w&l code of policies







▲














contact information
alex r. millervice president for student affairs and dean of students540-458-8754david m. leonarddean of student life540-458-8752tamara futrelldean for diversity, inclusion and student engagement540-458-8766ronda m. bryantassociate dean of students540-458-4111kyle mccoilassistant dean of students and dean of sophomores 540-458-4817jason l. rodockerassociate dean of students and dean for first-year experience540-458-8753kim hodgeassistant dean of students540-458-4041










washington and lee university









204 w. washington st.
lexington va 24450
540-458-8400










facebook









twitter









instagram









linkedin









youtube









pinterest







quick reference

business office
general counsel
human resources
information technology
student affairs
university registrar



campus resources

disability accommodations
emergency resources
legal notices
campus dining
campus map






in compliance with title ix of the education amendments of 1972, section 504 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, and all other applicable non-discrimination laws, washington and lee university does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, disability, veteran's status, or genetic information in its educational programs and activities, admissions, and with regard to employment. inquiries may be directed to the title ix coordinator, elrod university commons 212, (540) 458-4055, who is designated by the university to coordinate compliance efforts and carry out its responsibilities under title ix, as well as those under section 504 and other applicable non-discrimination laws. inquiries may also be directed to the assistant secretary for civil rights, u.s. department of education. see non discrimination statement


© copyright 
2025

washington and lee university
















