






























aplastic anemia and mds international foundation (aamdsif)


























skip to main content



return to top. 

























patient helpline
|
find a specialist





personalized search















subscribe donate














patients and familieseducationpatient and family conferencespatient and family webinarspodcast episodespatient guides and fact sheetsorder patient educational materialsfaqssupportfind a specialistpatient and family support groupspatient and family helplinepeer support networkexternal resourceshealth and wellnesscaring for yourselfadvice for caregiversveteran patient carestories of hopenews and treatment updatesdiseases and treatmentsaplastic anemiacausessymptomsdiagnosistypesdrugs and treatmentsaplastic anemia toolkitmyelodysplastic syndromes (mds)causessymptomsdiagnosistypesdrugs and treatmentsmds toolkitparoxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria (pnh)causessymptomsdiagnosisdrugs and treatmentspnh toolkitpnh patient travel assistance fundrelated diseasesacute myeloid leukemia (aml)chronic lymphocytic leukemia (cll)chronic myelomonocytic leukemia (cmml)chronic myeloproliferative neoplasms (mpn)graft vs. host disease (gvhd)myelofibrosis (mf)pure red cell aplasia (prca)researchmedical research basicsmedical research processtypes of researchwhat are registries?understanding clinical trialsclinical trials in depthclinical trials and childrenparticipate in researchclinical trials and studiesglobal pnh patient registryaamdsif sponsored researchgrants and grant recipientsglobal pnh patient registryresearch articleshealth professionalsupcoming professional conferences and webinarsprofessional on-demand educationgvhd networkfund your researchaamdsif research grants programdepartment of defense research grant programhow to helpdonateways to givefundraisevolunteercorporate partnersabout usmission and historymission, vision, and values statementsmilestonesleadership awardsboard of directorsmedical advisory boardpatient advisory councilaamdsif stafffinancialssubscribe











aplastic anemia and mds international foundation
serving the aplastic anemia, myelodysplastic disease syndromes (mds), paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria (pnh), and related bone marrow failure disease communities, aamdsif empowers patients and their families, invests in research that speeds the search for new treatments and potential cures, promotes high-quality care by educating healthcare providers, and ensures our patients’ voices are heard through awareness and advocacy.













quick links: resources for you






patient education








research









patient guides








find a specialist



















the aamds international foundation has been an integral part of our life since mario’s diagnosis 13 years ago.  we have gained knowledge, support and, most importantly, developed lasting relationships.  we continue to depend on them to provide cutting-edge information and patient and family support.










aamdsif events and inspiration





 patient and family conferences»



 2025 rockville patient and family conference 
 friday, march 7, 2025 - 5:30pm 
  the time is now to save your seat for the 2025 patient and family conference in rockville, md!
plan to attend on march 8, 2025, in rockville, md....  




  march for marrow and community fundraisers»



 march for marrow texas 2025 
 saturday, april 5, 2025 - 8:00am 
  march for marrow tx is back! welcome to our third in-person march for marrow tx, the woodlands, since 2019! our 15th annual march for marrow will be...  




 stories of hope»



 mychaela dances again, thanks to her mother's advocacy 
 mychaela lovelace 
  my name is mychaela lovelace. i had been a healthy five-year-old child until one day, when i came home, my mother noticed red dots and...  




 professional conferences»



 2025 aamdsif bone marrow failure summit: translating science to... 
 march 6, 2025 
  2025 aamdsif bone marrow failure summit: translating science to advance patient outcomes
since it was founded in 1983, aamdsif has...  













online library





 webinars »



 ash 2024 update: mds and aml 
 february 5, 2025 
  in this webinar, dr. akriti jain discusses research most relevant to patients reported over the past year on the biology and treatment on...  




 podcast episodes »



 pediatric nurse finds her way through aplastic anemia treatment 
 aamdsif podcast for patients 
   




 conference materials »



 2024 tampa patient and family conference 
 saturday, october 19, 2024 - 7:30am 
 due to the impact on the tampa, florida community and surrounding areas by hurricanes helene and milton, the aamdsif tampa patient and family...  




 research articles »



 health-related quality of life and symptom-specific functional... 
 originally published: november 18, 2024 
 this study describes the health-related quality of life (hrqol) and symptom-specific functional impairment of patients with paroxysmal nocturnal...  















i’m proud to support aamdsif—will you join me?
"my name is brianne, and 2024 marks my ninth year as a donor. donations for aamdsif help patients like me living with bone marrow failure at every critical point in our journey. i'm proud to be a donor to the foundation. i'm able to donate annually because my friends and family support me through a golf outing that i host called "fighting pnh…rare but real" (pictured here). we need your help to make a difference. join me and donate today."
your donation supports our mission »










 

notice: javascript is not enabled in your browser.  for the best user experience on the www.aamds.org site, please enable javascript, and whitelist us in any privacy plugins you may be running. 




 






 
the aplastic anemia & mds international foundation is the world's leading nonprofit health organization dedicated to supporting patients and families living with aplastic anemia, myelodysplastic syndrome (mds), paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria (pnh), and related bone marrow failure diseases. the foundation provides answers, support, and hope to thousands of patients and their families around the world.
we are a patient-focused, patient-centered organization, serving patients and families throughout the three phases of bone marrow failure diseases:

the life changing phase of diagnosis
the life threatening phase of treatment
the life long phase of living with a chronic disease

 



























get the latest aamdsif updates in your inbox subscribe








stay connected










patient helpline











the aplastic anemia and mds international
          foundation
(800) 747-2820
 | 
(301) 279-7202          
        fax: (240) 534-2231
info@aamds.org
        401 n. washington street, suite 430
        rockville, md 20850 u.s.a.
      





legal notices
privacy and other policies
donate
careers at aamdsif
a 501(c)(3) organization.  tax id: 52 1336903



copyright 2024 aplastic anemia and mds international foundation | all rights reserved












