






private drum lessons - surprise & goodyear az | drum chops
























































);
			ga('require', 'displayfeatures');
			ga('require', 'linkid');
			ga('set', 'anonymizeip', true);
			ga('set', 'forcessl', true);
			ga('send', 'pageview');
		












623-546-9738
info@drumchops.com



facebook




twitter


  





facebook




twitter



  
 
 










drumchops drum school home page

services

drum lesson info
hand drum lesson info
drum tuning services
a/v recording & editing training


videoindex

drum school info
on-line lessons
technique demos
drum covers
drum solos
stavris history
lou’s youtube favorites


who has chops?


jimmie stavris sr. – dedication

jimmie stavris sr. – guest book


forte music publications
contact us
about us
 





select page


  
 



 



 












the drumchops drum school
 professional private drum lessons

find your groove

 
 
 





our services


 
 





private drum lessons

							 
						

 
 



learn the “art” of drumming!!

personalized curriculum based studies
all ages * beginner to advanced
available in studio or on-line
click for details



 
 
 




private hand drum lessons

							 
						

 
 



learn techniques for conga & bongo drumming

integrating hand & drum set playing
available in studio or on-line
click for details



 
 
 
 





drum tuning 

							 
						

 
 



get your drums tuned by a pro!

techniques for tuning beginner & semi-pro sets
explained: shell design, drumhead & rim selection
available in studio only
click for details



 
 
 




recording & video editing

							 
						

 
 



learn to record & edit audio & video

techniques to maximize inexpensive equipment
upload professional looking videos to youtube, etc.
available in studio only
click for details



 
 
 
 
 





why do i teach?
“i have a deep love for drums & drumming and feel blessed to be able to share my gift with others!”
                                             – lou stavris 
                                         


 



reason one

							i have been playing drums professionally since the age of 13!
						

 
 


reason two

							i am a member of the vic firth private drum teachers association & have owned my own studio since 2008.
still not convinced? here is another one:


 
 


reason three

							i come from a family of drummers.  my dad was a master drum instructor who taught my uncle, brother, me, and over 2500 students in a career that lasted close to 40 years.  much of that time i not only studied how to play, but was taught how to teach.  i look forward to each lesson when i get to pay this gift forward!
						

 
 
 

 
 




my work
here are some examples of videos i have recorded, edited, and posted on my youtube channel.  hover over each graphic for a description of the video and click to check it out and subscribe to my youtube channel
if you like what i do and want to know more:

contact us

 



 
 



    video introduction in this introduction video, lou stavris demonstrates techniques learned through a lifetime of study & provides information regarding the school. + learn more 
 
 
 


    teaching innovations an automated slide show covering the innovative teaching techniques used at the drumchops drum school + learn more 
 
 
 


    solo - double bass fills here is a short drum solo with double bass fills recorded and edited at the drumchops drum school studio. + learn more 
 
 
 
 



    lou stavris - pop classic cover lou stavris owner/instructor @ the drumchops drum school - covers the pop classic "jenny, 867-5309" + learn more 
 
 
 


    rudimental demonstration lou stavris puts his spin on "the connecticut halftime". this monster rudimental piece is a classic and enhanced by double bass fills. + learn more 
 
 
 


    lou stavris - buddy rich lou stavris owner/instructor @ the drumchops drum school - buddy rich cover from the big swing face lp + learn more 
 
 
 
 

 


more videos
more  on-line lessons, demonstrations, solos, and cover tunes can be found on my youtube channel or viewed from direct links on my video index page!
if you like what i do and want to see more:

jump to video index

 
 
 
 




what my students say
as an educator, my ability to connect with students is my first priority!


 
 






					“i’ve been taking lessons with lou for around 4 years, and he is great. it got me out of playing one style of music and becoming more open to jazz, latin, and other styles which have made me become a better player in jazz band at school. i would definitely check out taking lessons at drumchops! you may start out simple but will move on to more advanced stuff at your own pace..”
					isaiah v. | teen 

 
 
 




					“this email is to let you know that i am thrilled that my student diego p. is taking lessons from you!  after last week’s first lesson, he came to band happy to show me some of the things you worked on with him and seriously, he was already keeping better time!  i’m hopeful that my other percussionists will note his improvement and his enthusiasm for your studio and investigate lessons as well!.
thanks for being there!”
					james h. | band director @ dysart wp

 
 
 
 





					“our middle school son has been attending private 1 hour drum lessons with lou for a year.  because of lou, he was the youngest drummer to make the jazz band!  lou is a solid teacher.  always on time, and flexible to make-up missed lessons instead of going without, which my son loves.  lou’s studio is setup with two drum sets, giving the unique opportunity for student & teacher to work on new skills together on full acoustic sets.  
we were referred to lou by the band director at west point because one of his students improved so much in just six months, that he asked who his instructor was.  lou’s prices and policies are fair and, most importantly, our son doesn’t want to go elsewhere after a year! ‘nuff said!”
trish i. | parent - pre-teen

 
 
 




					“lou was my patient teacher for some time.  i can’t imagine anyone else in the west valley who has the talent, resume, and genes lou does.  he comes from a family of masters… you could not go wrong!”
					david s. | adult

 
 
 
 
 
 




follow drumchops on social media

 
connect with drumchops on facebook


facebook


 
 
 
followfollowfollowfollowfollowfollow
 

google-site-verification: googleda60c6b561f984d5.html

 
 






the drumchops drum school

209 s. 165th dr.
goodyear, az 85338


 
 
 





info@drumchops.com


 
 




623-546-9738


 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 




drumchops drum school home page
jimmie stavris sr. – dedication
forte music publications
contact us
about us
 
 





facebook




twitter


designed by lou stavris   

 
 
 








