


new nebraska network



















    
	new nebraska network
	
  
where change begins - not red to blue, more than one label for another.  
welcome to the realm of people, ideas, and progress.
our time is now.





wednesday, september 19, 2007



	 
	 bob kerrey: not a big fan of the blogosphere?
	 
    
by kyle michaelis





omaha world-herald columnist robert nelson e-mailed bob kerrey for his 
response to the nebraska republican and democratic parties using their websites 
to attack potential candidates of the opposing party - himself and mike 
johanns, respectively. 
 

kerrey's reply to nelson suggests he's not particularly fond of the effect 
blogs and the internet have had on american politics.

"in the old days (before the web)... a 'name-caller' had to get a 
newspaper, radio, or television to include their insult in a story.  today the 
parties publish their own stories and the blogs add to the mix.



"the fact that the world-herald asks me to respond to a political web site 
is evidence the world has changed.  the tail is wagging the dog.



"couple this...with a decline in the number of radio, television and print 
reporters who cover politics and you have a lethal mix.  the public drinks 
this stuff and something good dies."

there's 
definitely a lot of truth to kerrey's concerns.  but, despite the polarization 
and raw partisanship with which kerrey is right to take issue, it's unfortunate 
that he should fail to acknowledge the positive contributions to democratic 
discourse in our country made possible by the new media.



also, it's worth noting that here we're talking about partisan attacks by 
political parties that are inherently - by definition - partisan.  it's 
not very idealistic, but there's something to be said for this being their 
primary purpose.  either way, such attacks certainly didn't begin with the 
advent of the internet - just one more outlet beyond the parties' traditional 
press releases, which have often tended towards ugliness and spitefulness over 
the years.

if anything, the internet has made it possible for political parties to 
bypass the middle men in the press and take their message directly to the 
people.  this certainly changes the dynamics of modern campaigning, but it also 
heightens the dangers for political parties that go too far and run the risk of 
shooting themselves in the foot with voters when left to pursue their worst 
impulses unchecked.


such a system provides more information to the people and puts more power to 
hold politicians accountable directly in their hands.  that can't be a bad thing 
- at least, not entirely. 


at the same time, there are sites like new nebraska network - which i like to 
imagine being above the fray...even while admitting we don't always live up to 
that standard.  still - despite his understandable comments above - i hope 
kerrey recognizes our potential to serve the good rather than simply 
snuffing it out.


as we look to 2008 and what is already shaping up to be a very contentious 
campaign season, i trust nnn will be a positive force in nebraska politics - 
overcoming the cheap and the easy while still having fun in the 
process.


labels: blogs, bob kerrey, dems, gop, media, world-herald

go to full text...



posted at 8:42 pm
0 comments









	 
	 a war of rhetoric: 'new york democrats' vs. 'washington republicans' 
	 
    
by kyle michaelis


in 2006, the nebraska republican party grasped desperately to the idea that 3rd 
district congressional candidate scott kleeb was not a true nebraskan - focusing 
on the years kleeb had spent at yale university and his successful out-of-state 
fundraising because their candidate - adrian smith - couldn't compete on the 
issues, by reputation, or with personality.


now, looking to the 2008 senate race, we already see the same sort of 
attacks revving up against potential democratic candidate bob kerrey for 
living in new york city the last six years while serving as president of new 
school university.

what's funny is just how much hypocrisy it will require of nebraska 
republicans to attack kerrey on this basis.  for starters, kerrey would be 
running to replace republican sen. chuck hagel - who was first elected in 1996 
after spending two decades living in virginia and washington d.c.


even more ridiculous, though, is the fact that two of the best-positioned 
republicans hoping to replace hagel have also recently declared washington d.c. 
home.  as most readers know and as cartoonist neal 
obermeyer has pointed out, mike johanns has been living in washington d.c. 
since becoming secretary of agriculture for the bush administration in january 
2005.  in fact, johanns is even reported to have gone house-hunting 
last weekend to reclaim his nebraska residency.


less well-known and less remembered is just how recently hal daub also called 
washington d.c. home.  the omaha world-herald (11/27/05) reported: 

in july 2004, [hal] daub took a full-time job in washington, d.c. 
he and his wife, mary, sold their omaha house and purchased one in the 
georgetown area....



daub never really put omaha behind him during his 14 months leading the 
washington-based american health care association. originally, daub expected 
to spend three to five years with the national nursing home 
organization.
of course, daub didn't have a whole lot of 
say on his early return to nebraska because he'd managed to alienate the ahca 
leadership to the point that they couldn't wait to get rid of him.  that 
shouldn't come as much of a surprise to anyone who remembers daub's relationship 
with city officials when he served as mayor of omaha. 
 

regardless, both daub and johanns have proven quite willing to adopt homes 
outside of nebraska when it served their career ambitions.  it's not my place to 
say whether these choices make them any less nebraskan, but they make it 
downright absurd and hypocritical for the republican party to attack kerrey on 
similar grounds. labels: gop, hal daub, hypocrisy, mike johanns, ne-sen

go to full text...



posted at 7:23 pm
0 comments






monday, september 17, 2007



	 
	 heineman's "property tax relief" targets ted turner for biggest benefits
	 
    
by kyle michaelis


the omaha 
world-herald finally publishes some of the criticism of the 2007 nebraska 
legislature's heineman-approved package for property tax relief, 5 months after 
robbing voters of the debate they honestly deserved.


state tax officials notified counties friday to trim their 2007 
property tax bills by $83.22 for every $100,000 of real estate subject to 
taxation.



instead of sending more money to local governments to spend, the legislature 
and gov. dave heineman decided this year to use $105 million in state 
funds to pay part of nebraskans' 2007 property tax bills....



state sen. tom white of omaha said the program spreads the dollars too 
thinly.  he also said the plan pays out sales- and income-tax revenue to people 
who pay little or no sales and income taxes in nebraska.
"it's lousy economics," white said. "far too much money is going out of 
state. ted turner, as the biggest private property owner in the state, is 
going to make out like a bandit."



the media mogul and cnn founder has about 425,000 acres - about 625 square 
miles - in multiple counties. he also is the nation's largest landowner, with 
some 2 million acres in seven states.
white said the $105 million - had it been limited to nebraska homeowners - 
could have resulted in $250 going toward their property tax bills.



during the legislative session, white called for a $500 income tax credit for 
homeowners - but his measure stalled when other lawmakers wanted to make sure 
farmers and commercial property owners got a share of any reduction.



state sen. chris langemeier of schuyler said the legislature settled on the 
fairest approach.  "it seems fair to tax everybody in the state, yet some of the 
ideas to give money back would have excluded certain groups," he 
said.
i'm sure a billionaire like ted turner appreciates 
langemeier and heineman looking out for his interests rather than those of the 
working people who actually live, work, and raise their families in nebraska.


the true measure of a tax cut or the politicians who support them is less a 
question of how much than who benefits.  it should come as little 
surprise, then, that nebraska's destructive legacy of one party republican 
domination would work to ted turner's favor over the common cornhusker fan's.
 in 2007, heineman promised "middle class tax relief."  now, we see what he 
meant - forsaking his obligation to the people of nebraska to help ted turner 
recoup past alimony payments to jane fonda.
 heineman and langemeier may find this "the fairest approach," but it amounts 
to a tax giveaway to nebraska's wealthiest landowners with the least actual 
need for assistance.  it is sad to think that's where so many of our 
politicians' priorities lie rather than with the homeowners who invest not just 
their money but their lives in nebraska's future.labels: dave heineman, taxes, tom white, unicameral

go to full text...



posted at 2:51 am
0 comments






saturday, september 15, 2007



	 
	 rural straw poll picks fred thompson and barack obama for president
	 
    
by kyle michaelis


last week's husker harvest days 
celebration in grand island, sponsored by the nebraska farm bureau, included an 
unscientific presidential straw poll of nebraska farmers, ranchers, agricultural 
workers, and their families.

 the associated 
press reports the results: 

of the 387 who voted republican, 36 percent picked [former sen. 
fred] thompson, 16 percent picked sen. john mccain of arizona and 15 percent 
picked rudy giuliani.



of the 165 votes cast by democrats, 35 percent were for [barack] obama, the 
u.s. senator from illinois, 31 percent were for sen. hilary clinton of new york 
and 16 percent were for john edwards.
anyone surprised by 
these results?  how well do these numbers conform with your expectations of 
nebraska voters?  personally, i see thompson's numbers reflecting his position 
as flavor-of-the-month in a weak republican field.  there's no justification for 
his being the front-runner beyond the fact that republicans have seen him on 
law & order and are buying into the hype that he could be the next 
ronald reagan. 
 

it doesn't surprise me that rural nebraskans would reject a smooth 
operator like mitt romney - who failed to even register in the top three.  
giuliani also polled a lot lower than would be expected from his national 
standing, suggesting that a former new york mayor who doesn't pander completely 
to the religious right would be a tough sell to the republican base in middle 
america.
 honestly, if anyone knew who he was, i'd expect the sort of voters who'd 
attend husker harvest days to favor former arkansas governor mike huckabee.  
i'll give my fellow nebraskans enough credit, though, that i don't think they'd 
rally to the likes of sam brownback or tom tancredo.
 as for the democratic straw poll, it's hard to say what exactly to glean from 
these results.  probably what stands out the most is that the numbers simply 
don't support john edwards' claim to be the only candidate who can connect with 
red state voters.  rather, nebraska democrats seem to be banking what hopes they 
have for a new beginning on obama, while a number of others thumb their nose at 
the republican majority by rallying to clinton.  
either way, a black man and a woman ended up with a combined 2/3rds of the 
vote.  who would have guessed such a thing would have been possible in nebraska 
just a few years ago?
 of course, there's no reason to put much stock in these number.  for 
starters, it isn't a very large sample.  not to mention, the ratio of voting 
republicans to voting democrats (70% - 30%) is pretty damn disappointing - even 
taking into account this being an agricultural sector poll taken in the third 
congressional district.

still, it's something to think about.  something to talk about, as well.  
let's hear what you have to say.labels: 2008, barack obama, hillary clinton, president

go to full text...



posted at 11:12 pm
0 comments









	 
	 daub to join the race
	 
    
by kyle michaelis


by: dave sund

the world-herald 
has it:


hal daub, energetic and sometimes combative former omaha mayor 
and former congressman, is hoping he scores a win in his third try for the u.s. 
senate.

 

daub is widely known in omaha and in state gop circles, particularly from his 
years as mayor of nebraska's largest city, where he was praised by some for his 
willingness to take on tough political battles and criticized by others for 
being too aggressive and divisive.

"aggressive and divisive" may be an understatement. but, hey, if daub wants 
to lose another election, who are we to stop him?labels: hal daub, ne-sen

go to full text...



posted at 1:01 am
0 comments






friday, september 14, 2007



	 
	 bruning poll shows johanns with slim lead
	 
    
by kyle michaelis


by: dave sund

via tpm:


a poll released by nebraska attorney general jon bruning (r) 
shows a close race against former governor mike johanns for the republican 
nomination for senate, roll call reports. johanns leads with 39% support, 
followed by bruning at 30%.

 

"these numbers show that the pundits who say mike johanns is a clear favorite 
are flat-out wrong," said bruning campaign manager jordan mcgrain. "johanns is 
not the heavyweight among republicans some expect him to be."

 

the poll also showed bruning ahead of former congressman hal daub in a 
two-way republican primary, 48%-17%. overall, the poll is a strong signal that 
bruning has no intention of backing down if johanns makes the race.

 

the nebraska senate race is expected to be a top democratic target next year, 
if former dem senator bob kerrey runs for the seat. two-term incumbent chuck 
hagel, a strong conservative who has broken sharply with the white house on 
iraq, is retiring. bruning was already running hard against hagel in the gop 
primary, citing hagel's votes with senate democrats on the 
issue.

standard caveats about internal polls apply, but this does show that johanns 
isn't as strong against bruning as his camp would have you believe. don't 
underestimate the amount of support bruning gained by challenging hagel. this is 
going to be a very interesting primary to watch.labels: jon bruning, mike johanns, ne-sen

go to full text...



posted at 12:25 am
0 comments






thursday, september 13, 2007



	 
	 ld-11: contenders emerging to succeed chambers
	 
    
by kyle michaelis


by: dave sund

a legislative giant of 38 years who drew strong feelings (both pro- and con-) 
throughout the state, ernie chambers will be forced out of the legislature due 
to term limits in 2008. 

 now, the race to succeed him in the legislature begins. so far, two 
candidates, both democrats, one democrat, and one independent, 
have emerged. 
the first is preston 
love, jr.

preston love jr. may become the first person to vie for the 
chance to succeed state sen. ernie chambers of omaha in the nebraska 
legislature.
love has scheduled a sept. 20 press conference to announce that he will run 
for the district 11 seat. term limits will force chambers, who has served in the 
legislature since 1971, to vacate his seat in january 2009.
love, 65 and a registered democrat, said monday he sees the legislature as 
his best chance to help north omaha.
"with the challenges and crises we're in, we need a major, major focus," on 
north omaha, love said. "i have weighed the alternatives, and this is where i 
could have the most impact."
love, a former university of nebraska football player and the son of the late 
omaha jazz great preston love sr., has an impressive political resume. a former 
ibm executive, love served as the rev. jesse jackson's campaign manager in 
jackson's 1984 bid for the presidency and was the first executive director of 
jackson's rainbow coalition. he also worked in the late harold washington's 1983 
and 1987 successful campaigns for mayor of chicago.
along with those triumphs, however, love suffered some embarrassing lows back 
home. he withdrew from a bid for the metropolitan utilities district board in 
1992 after acknowledging an addiction to cocaine. he was arrested for 
shoplifting cigarettes during his unsuccessful bid for omaha city council in 
1993. he got a $100 fine and 20 hours of community service after pleading no 
contest to the shoplifting charge.

the second is matthew 
stelly.

matthew stelly, 52, a consultant and doctoral student, said he 
is best-suited to protect chambers' legacy.
"i've studied ernie chambers more than anybody else," stelly said wednesday. 
"the person who succeeds ernie should defend what ernie built, what ernie stood 
for, and make sure it stays in place."
stelly, a registered independent, joins preston love jr., a democrat who has 
scheduled a sept. 20 press conference to officially announce his bid for the 
district 11 seat in next year's elections.
however, stelly would have to move to be able to file for the office.
stelly presently lives near 48th and izard streets, in district 8. in 2006, 
he ran for the district 8 legislative seat, finishing fifth in the primary 
election. democrat tom white was elected to the post in november.
the nebraska constitution requires senators to have lived one year in their 
districts before their election. stelly said he is willing to move.
he said much is at stake for district 11. "because of the demographic changes 
in north omaha, somebody white" might win, said stelly, who is black. black 
lawmakers have represented the area since the 1950s. chambers has held the seat 
since 1971 and must step down because of term limits.
"the best politician we ever had, who wasn't compromising and stood for being 
black, was ernie chambers," stelly said.
stelly said he feared that critical legislation passed by chambers, such as 
district elections for the omaha city council, the douglas county board and the 
omaha public schools board, could be undone by future legislatures.
"it could be open season on north omaha," stelly said.
labels: ernie chambers, ld-11, unicameral

go to full text...



posted at 2:32 pm
0 comments






wednesday, september 12, 2007



	 
	 nebraska republicans pay tribute to chuck hagel
	 
    
by kyle michaelis


neal obermeyer presents:



"et 
tu, bruning?"


and, be sure to check out obermeyer's most recent omaha 
reader cartoon as well.  it's about time someone challenges the absurd 
suggestion that former governor and two-term u.s. senator bob kerrey would 
somehow be a carpetbagger should he return home to nebraska and run for a third 
term in the senate.labels: chuck hagel, gop

go to full text...



posted at 7:00 pm
0 comments









	 
	 oh, the rumors are running thick now
	 
    
by kyle michaelis


by: dave sund

this from the 
american spectator:


with the announcement today that sen. chuck hagel is retiring, 
republicans in the senate are privately giving big props to national republican 
senatorial committee chair sen. john ensign for his behind the scenes support to 
nebraska attorney general jon bruning, which started about six months 
ago.

of course, given this quote later in the article, it's pretty clear that they 
are either clueless or desperately spinning in favor of bruning:


former democratic sen. bob kerrey has also indicated an interest 
in running for the seat, though after years of living in new york and 
consistently opposing the iraq effort, he would be an interesting foil to 
bruning, a bright, energetic conservative. "it would be like bruning vs. hagel 
all over again," says the gop insider.

this from dave 
heineman:

during a phone news conference from taiwan, gov. dave heineman 
said he "fully expect(s)" johanns to seek the republican nomination to succeed 
hagel."

 

"i assume he will make some announcement in the next few days (or) within the 
next week," the governor said.

 

heineman served as johanns' lieutenant governor and succeeded him when 
johanns resigned in 2005 to become u.s. ag secretary.

 

"let me just say i know mike johanns very well," the governor 
said.

in the next week, huh? well, then i suppose bush better ready his short list 
for a new secretary of agriculture. because surely johanns and heineman realize 
that he can't do any campaigning for senate until he resigns that position. 
kerrey, meanwhile met with 
dscc chair chuck schumer tuesday. he says that he will be making a decision 
very soon.labels: bob kerrey, jon bruning, mike johanns, ne-sen

go to full text...



posted at 1:44 am
0 comments






tuesday, september 11, 2007



	 
	 chuck hagel likes democrats' chances of reclaiming his senate seat
	 
    
by kyle michaelis


i suppose the following could be posturing on sen. chuck hagel's part just to 
discourage complacence by nebraska republicans.  on the other hand, this might 
be hagel's way of emphasizing his legacy as the only republican to have won a 
u.s. senate race in nebraska in the last 30 years.  regardless of his intent, 
this hagel statement to the lincoln 
journal-star should prove interesting to anyone forecasting the 2008 
election:


"i am confident i could have won re-election," hagel said.



nebraska's gop faces a challenge in retaining an open seat, he said.



"i don't know how anyone can say it's a safe republican seat," hagel 
said, in view of recent nebraska political history. democrats have won nine of 
the past 11 senate races here.
could hagel have survived the 
primary challenge by attorney general jon bruning?  i'm on record thinking so 
but - at the same time - have no particular insight into the strange thought 
processes of your typical republican primary voter.


looking to the open field that now exists for the 2008 general election, 
though, hagel is absolutely right in declaring that nebraska's should not be 
considered a "safe republican seat."  on the other hand, i must again caution 
against the continued embellishment and exaggeration of democrats' chances in 
this race should bob kerrey run.  kerrey's entry undoubtedly makes this a 
top-flight race, but his odds can't honestly be said to be any better than 50 - 
50 if former governor and current secretary of agriculture mike johanns gets the 
nomination.  i could see kerrey having a slight advantage over any other 
potential republican nominees, but there's no way this race is a cake 
walk.


what troubles me most about these out-sized expectations is the effect 
they'll have should kerrey opt-out of the race.  suddenly, nebraska becomes a 
lost opportunity rather than the battleground it could and should be in 2008.  
sure, without kerrey, the race could rightfully be said to "lean republican," 
but it can't be considered a safe bet for the gop by any stretch of the 
imagination.

no doubt about it - omaha mayor mike fahey has the potential to beat any 
candidate the republicans could put up, including johanns.  that isn't saying it 
would be easy...or likely....but it's well beyond plausible and should be kept 
in mind as the next wave of candidates declare and this exciting campaign 
develops.labels: 2008, chuck hagel, ne-sen

go to full text...



posted at 9:47 pm
0 comments






monday, september 10, 2007



	 
	 chuck hagel's blaze of glory?
	 
    
by kyle michaelis


by: ryan anderson




if you're looking for some perspective on hagel's announcement today, you 
can't do much better than don 
walton's column for the lincoln journal star.  eschewing for a moment the 
horses racing and dominos toppling, walton stops to reflect on hagel's service 
in light of the promises he made and the statements he gave during his breakout 
campaign in '96.


the main thrust of walton's column is that hagel is a simple man and an 
honest politician who simply kept the promises he made... namely: to support the 
republican party whenever he could, to support his country's interests whenever 
he must, and to try and get the job done in twelve years.  fair enough.  but 
there's another story in this piece about another chuck hagel: the warrior, the 
fighter, and, ultimately, the champion.

hagel and his team had just finished what jim exon later would 
describe as the most flawless campaign he had ever seen.  grudging praise from 
the democratic political maestro and retiring senator hagel would succeed.

 

during that 19 months, hagel emerged from comparative obscurity to overcome 
and handily defeat the republican and the democrat who had been the leading 
vote-gatherers in their parties two years earlier.

 

first, hagel caught attorney general don stenberg in the republican primary. 
then, he ran down ben nelson, who had been re-elected governor in a statewide 
landslide.

 

in the beginning, chuck hagel was a republican 
hero.




hagel was never a man short on energy and talent, and those gifts have 
served him exceptionally well in every fight he's picked and every race he's 
run.  that's a good thing for us, and i mean it.  our political system works 
best when it works us the hardest. we should value worthy opponents: they force 
us to rethink old strategies and question old ideas.  hagel was such an 
opponent, and we owe him for that. 

it's a shame, really, to see the old gladiator lay down his sword before an 
opportunist like bruning, but perhaps hagel's got fight left in him yet.  freed 
at last from party allegiance and political jockeying, he's left only with that 
talent and that energy, that fight and that promise: to serve the interests of 
his state and his nation.  and we need that service, now more than ever.
 the spotlight may have passed from hagel's political career, but it shines 
everyday on the challenges left in iraq.  as senator, hagel has not always shown 
the judgement or the courage to take whatever action neccessary to meet that 
challenge.  but he has shown an ability to question, a capacity for growth, and 
in these dual qualities he has proven a potential to lead.  
 well, senator, this is your chance.  now is your time.  you have the talent 
and the opportunity.  what you haven't is an excuse.  here's hoping there's 
still one fight left in this dog. 


labels: 2008, chuck hagel, ne-sen

go to full text...



posted at 9:41 pm
0 comments






sunday, september 09, 2007



	 
	 harold w. andersen announces world-herald departure
	 
    
by kyle michaelis


under the guise of entering the "electronic telecommunications age" upon the 
suggestion of friends, it appears the omaha world-herald is finally kicking 
former editor and publisher harold w. andersen to the curb after years of 
filling its opinion page with increasingly insufferable inanity. 
 

andersen is, of course, an institution in the nebraska press, but his 
ultimate legacy is one of unprincipled partisanship, protecting and projecting 
the world-herald's singular position of power in nebraska politics.
 andersen has always been keenly aware of the world-herald's influence, and he 
has never been shy to use that influence to advance the paper's corporate, 
conservative agenda - in its reporting as well as on its opinion page.
 since retiring as publisher in 1989 (after being implicated in a series of 
bizarre allegations involving influence-peddling and even child sex abuse), 
andersen has been been officially confined to duties as a twice-weekly 
columnist.  but the spirit of his reign has survived pretty well intact.
 one hopes the symbolism of andersen's departure, the need for change in the 
face of declining readership, and a new generation of reporters and columnists 
untainted by past regimes might allow for a true change of course at the 
world-herald, embracing an ethic of responsible reporting that actually 
challenges nebraska's powers that be rather than positioning itself for 
pre-eminence amongst them.
 but, let's face it - this is the world-herald, folks.  i wouldn't 
count on it.
 by the way, andersen promises that he will continue to make new columns 
available at www.haroldandersen.com after his last world-herald 
column on september 30th.  thank god for that.  i can't imagine what the people 
of nebraska would do without andersen telling us what to think.labels: media, world-herald

go to full text...



posted at 2:30 pm
0 comments









	 
	 a golden opportunity: more reactions to hagel's retirement
	 
    
by kyle michaelis


from the omaha 
world-herald:


democrats hold a 51-to-49 majority in the senate and they would 
like to extend that lead in 2008.
republicans must defend 22 of 34 seats on the ballot next year, and about a 
half-dozen are considered vulnerable. democrats, meanwhile, hold 12 seats that 
will be on the ballot, and only one or two are considered vulnerable at this 
point....



"the good news for democrats just keeps coming," said larry sabato, a 
political scientist at the university of virginia, after hearing of hagel's 
plans.



"the democrats have got an enormous playing field for 2008 in the senate. 
they have lots of republicans to target and a good chance of picking up seats in 
the senate," sabato said.
from cq 
politics:


pollster john zogby said hagel's retirement would complicate 
efforts by republicans to regain a senate majority, forcing them to defend an 
open seat in what is likely to be a tough race. 



"it was already tilting against the republicans as far as regaining control 
of the senate. now nebraska is going to be competitive. polls had shown recently 
hagel was not a shoo-in. now, with an open seat in a state that can go either 
way, it's clear that the nebraska is another state that republicans have to 
worry about," he said.
labels: 2008, chuck hagel, ne-sen

go to full text...



posted at 9:50 am
0 comments






saturday, september 08, 2007



	 
	 scott kleeb speaks to the midwest nebraska central labor council
	 
    
by kyle michaelis


by: lisa hannah




our old friend scott kleeb popped up in north platte at the midwest nebraska 
central labor council's 17th annual labor day picnic as one of the guest 
speakers. there was a crowd of about 400 present. some of his statements and 
information on his ongoing activities deserve highlighting:



scott 
kleeb visits labor day picnic
 

big issues -- health care, energy independence - haven't gone away, kleeb 
said, "they need a louder voice."
"i'm still engaged, energized and excited about our district," he said. 
"unlike a lot of people predicted, i haven't picked up and left nebraska."
kleeb is teaching three college history and government courses at hastings 
college. he also works with students to help them "servant-leadership" under a 
hastings college program - helping them find ways to fix problems.
and, kleeb sells nebraska beef in europe for the morgan ranch of burwell. he 
and his wife have a new baby daughter.
kleeb recently brought energy 
conservationists together with rural nebraskans in scottsbluff. he introduced 
members of the national energy defense council from washington, d.c. to 
businesspeople from scottsbluff. they talked about ethanol and wind 
power.
the two groups share the desire to lessen the 
nation's dependence on oil, but they come at it from different perspectives. 
nebraskans want to boost the economy. the washington group wants to reduce 
carbon dioxide emissions in the atmosphere.
"the best coalitions come from people 
with different views and interests," kleeb said.

"when they find common ground and a common goal, they can really get things 
done." 

if kleeb runs again, he wants to engage more people in government and help 
them stay involved.
"the only way we win is by getting involved in the process," he said. "it's 
about all of us participating in democracy."

scott 
kleeb wants to stay involved 



"i have the same concerns, energy and desire as i did a year ago," kleeb 
said. "i will be involved in the future. if that means running for office in a 
year, or two years, or four years, well, that's definitely an option.
"when we have representation that votes 
against securing more health care for our children, against securing america, 
and doesn't support a balanced budget, and is not representing out interests, 
then yes, i am still engaged," kleeb said.
he said his 
2006 campaign did better than expected.
"we wanted to build a campaign and find out what people are concerned about," 
he said. "we did better than expected because we connected with democrats, 
republicans and independents. the issues were the same regardless of party."
after his loss to smith, kleeb moved to hastings, where he works as an 
advocate of renewable energy sources and helps sell beef internationally for a 
sandhills cattle ranch. he also teaches history at hastings college. kleeb 
married jane fleming and daughter maya was born last month.
"it is a matter of working for 
everyone," kleeb said. 





it's clear he's keeping an eye on smith, and his message continues to be 
much more inclusive than adrian smith's. he continues to be active in promoting 
our state's best interests and gaining the real world knowledge and connections 
needed to make a real positive impact. i especially like his philosophy of 
bringing people of different perspectives together on issues they can share in 
common. that is how positive change and progress is made.


maybe smith should sign up for a class with scott kleeb. maybe he could teach 
him something that is worthwhile. who knows?
 i've recently seen some comments from people on various boards about the fact 
scott has not been a career politician and that he's probably just wanting to go 
to washington to get away from nebraska. i find this rather ironic. these are 
probably many of the same people that voted for term limits because they didn't 
want career politicians. the same people that probably voted for smith even 
after he was quoted as saying "i want got get elected and stay their until 
retirement." do they think smith wanted to get out of nebraska? i'd say that 
comment sure makes it sound like it.

whatever scott's plans are for the future, i'm proud to call him a fellow 
nebraskan, and we are lucky to have someone of that caliber continuing to 
promote what is great about our state.


labels: adrian smith, ne-03, scott kleeb

go to full text...



posted at 3:45 pm
0 comments






friday, september 07, 2007



	 
	 ne-sen: hagel to announce retirement monday
	 
    
by kyle michaelis


by: dave sund

don 
walton confirms it:


sen. chuck hagel will announce monday he'll not seek re-election 
next year.

 

hagel also will tell an omaha news conference he does not intend to be a 
candidate for any office in 2008, clamping a lid on speculation he might be 
pondering a late-inning presidential bid.

 

in a prelude to monday's announcement, he conferred friday with senate 
republican leader mitch mcconnell of kentucky.

 

later, hagel gathered his washington staff together to inform them of his 
decision, according to sources close to the senator.

 

hagel's departure at the end of 2008 will bring an end to a meteoric 12-year 
senate ride that propelled him to national prominence as the most outspoken 
republican opponent of president bush's iraq war policies.
labels: 2008, chuck hagel, ne-sen

go to full text...



posted at 1:55 pm
0 comments






thursday, september 06, 2007



	 
	 nfp challenges 'the pro-life lie' in nebraska politics
	 
    
by kyle michaelis


paul 
olson writes in this month's nebraskans for peace newsletter [excerpts with 
emphasis added]:


my state has three representatives who say that they are 
pro-life. adrian smith is a "christian," lee terry a methodist, and jeff 
fortenberry a catholic. they are not hearing from one religious authority, but 
they have one "life" message.


 
when i go to churches, i hear homilies that tell me that i would have 
committed a mortal sin had i voted for anyone not pro-life. local and national 
religious authorities call for a "consistent ethic of life": anti-abortion, 
anti-capital punishment and anti-assisted suicide. fundamentalists on the 
religious right call for similar goals, especially on abortion.


 
in the case of joseph cardinal bernardin, a life-ethic meant more: a 
condemning of the idea of nuclear deterrence. but when nebraska votes, it 
means nothing about war or most forms of death ....



to take the house of representatives as an example, the "consistent ethic 
of life,"the "reverence for life" that our representatives, smith, fortenberry 
and terry, profess means opposing abortion (mostly this) and perhaps assisted 
suicide. they appear to accept the death penalty through inaction. they do 
not oppose nuclear deterrence. they do not question "shock and awe" bombs or 
surge raids that abort mothers in iraq. they are, to all intents and purposes, 
silent when mothers in darfur have to birth babies destined for bloated bellies 
and flies in their eyes as they eke out their few days before dying. they do not 
testify loudly enough to be heard about children in the u.s., africa, asia and 
south america starving or dying from war, aids, malnutrition or multi-national 
corporate indifference.



if we, as peace people, value an ethic of life, we may well ask, "do our 
representatives represent the same ethic?" if so, why, in the 109th congress, 
did all of our representatives - including tom osborne - vote for funding the 
continued occupation of iraq with its murder of civilians? why have they all 
continued to justify the initial illegal invasion of iraq and the ouster and 
execution of saddam hussein as aspects of the "war on terror"? why did they 
vote against prohibiting military action against iran? why did they oppose 
cutting funds for the so-called "missile defense program" that is destabilizing 
the international nuclear situation and prompting a new arms race? were they 
'life-people' when they voted to share nuclear technology with india, a 
non-signatory to the nuclear nonproliferation treaty? did life-reverence tell 
them to oppose increased humanitarian aid for refugees? ....



why did terry, fortenberry and smith vote against the crucial "fairness in 
farm and food policy" farm bill amendment ... ? ... our guys know that our 
subsidized corn, beans, rice and cotton, regularly dumped on the international 
markets, drive small farmers in other lands off their farms - increasing hunger, 
dependent urban ghettoes and the likelihood of civil strife and terrorism. they 
know that we - and the europeans - have been the primary causes of the 
breakdowns in the doha round wto trade talks designed to prevent such dumping. 
do they know that there is no reverence for life in such a vote? do they know 
that 798 million people in the world suffer from chronic hunger because of 
poverty?....



why did terry, smith and fortenberry vote against the children's health 
care bill extending health insurance to six million unserved u.s. children ... 
where is the "consistent ethic of life" in that vote? or in their votes on 
iraq, iran, afghanistan, military spending, world hunger, hunger in america and 
world poverty? they did not get their positions from the pope's statements on 
the iraq war, poverty, and hunger. or from any mainline protestant leaders'. or 
from sojourner's evangelicals.



we nebraskans can toot our horns until hell freezes over about how we 
revere[] life. but we do not do so as voters in any meaningful way. we do not 
care when we send representatives like these to washington. we do not 
care.
labels: abortion, health care, peace

go to full text...



posted at 7:46 pm
0 comments









	 
	 'open left' opens up about bob kerrey & scott kleeb
	 
    
by kyle michaelis


from open 
left:


notes on nebraska politicsby: mike lux



although chuck hagel is obviously a really quirky guy and could change his 
mind at the drop of a hat, everyone i talked to in the know about nebraska 
politics is pretty convinced that hagel is going to announce his retirement, and 
that bob kerrey is going to get in the race to replace him. i know that 
many in the blogosphere are not fans of kerrey's, some even comparing him to 
lieberman, and i have never been close to him. but i think his running again is 
actually a good thing.



the most obvious reason is that he will likely give democrats another seat in 
the senate. omaha mayor mike fahey and scott kleeb are the two other potential 
senate candidates, and while both have a lot going for them, i think their paths 
to winning a statewide senate race are much more uphill compared to kerrey's, 
who is still very popular and who would likely beat any of the republican 
candidates.



i also don't think kerrey is as bad as a lot of the blogosphere assumes. he 
is for sure an independent cuss, one who has driven me crazy many times over the 
years, and he would be very unpredictable on issues the progressive community 
cares about. but overall he was the most progressive senator that nebraska 
has had since the legendary george norris (a republican in the 1930s who 
championed rural electrification and labor law reform). and unlike most 
politicians, he will be open and passionate about what he believes. he will 
drive us all crazy from time to time, but on balance he's a whole lot better 
than either lieberman or any of the republicans running.



i also had a good conversation with scott kleeb, his wife and new 
nebraskan jane fleming kleeb, and most importantly their one month-old baby maya 
(they got me to lunch by promising i could hold her). scott got 45% last year in 
one of the five most republican districts in the country, and is trying to 
decide whether to run again. it's a tough call given the nature of the district, 
and it would be really difficult to defend the seat even if he did win in 2008. 
i think he's leaning toward going for it in spite of the odds, and i hope 
he does- he's a good guy. the nature of the district wouldn't allow him to vote 
with progressives on every issue, but i think he would always be open to 
listening to us, and would do what he could, given the district, to be a solid 
team player for democratic leadership on tough 
votes.
sharing a ticket with bob kerrey could only 
strengthen kleeb's candidacy should he again challenge adrian smith, the third 
district's freshman congressman.  this kerrey-kleeb tandem (certain to attract a 
top-tier candidate in the 2nd congressional district, as well) could lay the 
groundwork for a united front by nebraska democrats, running a true statewide 
campaign the likes of which hasn't been seen in almost two decades (since ben 
nelson's 'go it alone' philosophy took hold, leaving nebraska democrats 
with no real identity and making a true democratic party brand 
all-but-impossible to establish).


of course, there are enough cards still in the deck that its too early to 
assume anything of the 2008 election.  but, reading the above, there are 
definitely reasons to hope.  the dream may yet become a reality.labels: bob kerrey, chuck hagel, ne-sen, scott kleeb

go to full text...



posted at 3:43 pm
0 comments









	 
	 nebraska republicans don't care that their votes won't count???
	 
    
by kyle michaelis


the rejuvenated douglas county 
democratic party held a press conference yesterday touting the nebraska 
democratic party's 2008 presidential caucus, scheduled for saturday, february 
9th.  the press conference was obviously quite successful, earning a front-page 
story in the omaha 
world-herald, not to mention across the dial coverage on omaha television 
(kmtv, ketv, kptm).


this is a really exciting development for nebraska democrats, who are 
certainly taking a risk with so massive an undertaking but who ultimately have 
little to lose after years of our state being less than an afterthought in 
presidential politics.  of course, there are no guarantees the caucus will prove 
a tremendous success, but i think the people of nebraska will appreciate the 
fact that at least one political party in our state cares enough about its 
voters to give them the chance to have a say in choosing their presidential 
nominee.


the nebraska republican party may have any number of legitimate reasons for 
not following suit, maintaining its own presidential selection during the may 
primary when the race is all-but-certain to be over.  it may be a matter of 
tradition.  it may be a simple (and quite practical) acknowledgment of 
nebraska's low place on the presidential totem pole.  it may even reflect plain 
old laziness on their part, not wanting to deal with the hassle when nebraska's 
republican majority is likely to rally behind whoever has the "r" by his name on 
the november ballot.  who knows - they might even sense that the current crop of 
republican candidates is so uniformly unimpressive that it's just not worth 
having a choice between them.


whatever their reasoning, i could probably respect it.  what i can't respect, 
though, is the insulting mockery by the nebraska republican party's executive 
director, tiffany carlton, directed towards nebraska democrats just for daring 
to be relevant on the national stage. 

 
the omaha world-herald reported:

although the democrats' caucuses will come four days after 
super-duper tuesday - when more than 20 states are expected to hold primaries or 
caucuses - several candidates have indicated interest in competing for 
nebraska's delegates, state party officials said.
"we are definitely a part of the process now. even though there's a 
super-duper tuesday going on february 5, there are so many strong candidates 
that we won't end up with a definite winner on that date," said chris jerram, 
chairman of the douglas county democratic party....
 

[tiffany] carlton, the gop executive director, said it's unlikely that a feb. 
9 contest will have any real impact, with so many states choosing a nominee on 
feb. 5.
"unfortunately, because so many other states have moved their caucuses 
forward, their delusion of grandeur is not going to happen. by february 
9, the decision will be made and the nebraska democrats will be left standing 
like the kid who got left out on the playground," she 
said.

now, i realize that, as her party's executive 
director, it is carlton's job to be partisan.  but, i don't think that 
partisanship should extend to actively rooting for the failure of any effort to 
empower the people of nebraska and to give them more of a say in who will be 
their next president.  


according to the nebraska republican party, democracy is the true delusion 
of grandeur.  they decided for their own voters that nebraska republicans 
would have no real say in their nomination process.  and, from this response, 
they clearly resent the fact that nebraska democrats are daring to be more bold, 
taking a risk that shows signs of life and true concern for nebraska voters that 
will only make the complacent gop look bad by comparison.


then again, they already look bad from carlton's statement above.  i guess 
they might as well get used to it now.  


***addendum*** i just added a new poll on this 
topic.  please tell us what you think about nebraska democrats' plans for a 
presidential caucus.labels: 2008, caucus, dems, gop

go to full text...



posted at 3:08 pm
0 comments









	 
	 is hagel ready to make it official?
	 
    
by kyle michaelis


by: dave sund

via leavenworth street, the washington note 
reports:



the word is slowly leaking out that not only is chuck hagel not 
going to run for president -- but he's not going to run for the senate again in 
2008. i'm not sure this is the final word, but hagel is getting ready to make an 
announcement either this next saturday or the one following -- and all 
indicators are that he is going to depart an institution that very much still 
needs his conscience and sensibilities.

going to the poll that is currently on the sidebar, this falls under the 
"politics of husker football," and one of those things national media types like 
steve clemons won't get. there's no way that hagel's announcement will come on 
september 15. every second of media on that day will be devoted to the 
nebraska-usc game. 


i don't doubt the accuracy of clemons' sources, though, in that i think we 
can expect hagel's decision to come in the next couple of weeks. there's 
certainly no surprise on this end: it's been a foregone conclusion since at 
least june. just a question of "when," and when the democratic field will shake 
out. the next two weeks should be very interesting. labels: 2008, chuck hagel, ne-sen

go to full text...



posted at 1:43 pm
0 comments









	 
	 nelson: it's time to change course
	 
    
by kyle michaelis


by: dave sund

i haven't exactly been ben nelson's biggest fan in the world, but he generally 
has a pretty good idea of where nebraskans are on an issue, and i think that's 
one of the reasons why he's so popular. which is why this 
bit of news in wednesday's lincoln journal star came as an encouraging sign 
for the state of the debate on the war in iraq:



sen. ben nelson said wednesday he'll push for a change in the 
military mission when the senate next week resumes consideration of u.s. policy 
in iraq.
u.s. troops should be phased out of  sectarian conflict in baghdad, nelson 
said, and redeployed to pursue and destroy al-qaida elements in iraq.
that transition over a six-month period would lead to reduced troop levels 
without any artificial deadlines for u.s. withdrawal, he said.
 

while the bush administration may argue its surge of additional combat troops 
is showing some military success, nelson said, it is not leading to the 
political accommodation required for peace and stability.
"it's very difficult to see what reducing violence in baghdad has 
achieved," he told his weekly telephone news conference from washington.
without iraqi progress in achieving a political settlement and national 
stability, nelson said, it's hard to argue that u.s. policy is 
succeeding.
"in that context," the democratic senator said, "i don't think the surge 
has worked."

this is the debate that the administration refuses to have: there is no 
military solution in iraq. this must be dealt with politically, diplomatically, 
and responsibly. no more platitudes, no more fearmongering, no slogans or empty 
promises. bring this war to a responsible end. 


nelson's evolution on iraq has been interesting to watch, because i think it 
presents a window into nebraskans' opinions on the war in iraq. my own personal 
experience in 2006 was that people in nebraska had just about had enough of the 
war in iraq. nelson didn't say much of anything about the war during the 
campaign - he didn't have to with an opponent like pete ricketts. but since the 
new congress began, he has been outspoken in trying to build bipartisan support 
to change course in iraq.


if only the republicans would listen. but ben nelson has been a pleasant 
surprise over the last few months. and it's been good to see a reminder of why i 
- and so many others - voted for him. labels: ben nelson, iraq

go to full text...



posted at 12:46 am
0 comments






wednesday, september 05, 2007



	 
	 ld 27: dan marvin to run for legislature
	 
    
by kyle michaelis


by: dave sund

i mentioned before  that this 
community creates an opportunity to expand our scope and dive in deeper to local 
races. though the unicameral is officially nonpartisan, the reality is that 
partisan politics rule when it comes to standing up to dave heineman. a number 
of veterans of the unicameral will be term-limited out of office, and while it 
means we will be losing some dedicated public servants - and one controversial 
legislative giant - there is also a tremendous opportunity to gain ground and 
elect the next generation of progressive voices for nebraska. there will be 26 
legislative seats up for election in 2008. we'll do our best to cover them. 

dan marvin, the city councilman who overcame some ugly 
republican attacks 
to win his election in 2005, is running 
for legislature:

city councilman dan marvin has worked on many of lincoln sen. 
dianna schimek's campaigns, but next spring he'll be working on his own 
legislative campaign.
 

marvin announced tuesday that he intends to run for the district 27 seat that 
schimek will leave next year because of term limits. she was elected in 1988 and 
has been re-elected every four years since.
 

marvin served on the planning commission from 2002 to 2005, when he was 
elected to the city council.
he said he had been thinking about running for the legislature for a while 
because he feels he could represent the city's interests well on the state 
level.
 

"if i'm a strong voice for the city of lincoln and the citizens of lincoln, i 
think i can do more there than if i'm on the city council," he said.
labels: 2008, dan marvin, ld-27, unicameral

go to full text...



posted at 8:45 am
0 comments






tuesday, september 04, 2007



	 
	 state senator mick mines resigns
	 
    
by kyle michaelis


if we really want to see more progressive voices in the nebraska unicameral, 
legislative district 18 - running from blair to northwest omaha - just became a 
prime pick-up opportunity in november 2008 after the resignation of state sen. 
mick mines only one year into his second term.


as eric 
reports, mines will be leaving office to set-up shop with his own lobbying 
firm.  it seems he couldn't wait any longer to cash-in like former speaker 
kermit brashear on all the fat lobbying contracts and legislative inexperience 
that abound in the post-term limits environment.  


of course, district 18 voters should be annoyed - perhaps even outraged - 
that mines would abandon their interests to exercise his legislative influence 
in the name of corporate profits.  every voter across the state, though, should 
heed the warnings of this situation, which so well illustrates the dangerous 
expansion in corporate influence that has consumed nebraska politics under the 
reigns of gov. dave heineman and his predecessor, mike johanns.


heineman will appoint mines' successor for the 2008 legislative session.  the 
example heineman set with the appointment of tony fulton in november 2006 
suggests he will look for a long-time partisan ideologue who can be counted on 
to serve his corporate agenda.


if that again proves to be the case, this is a district ripe for change where 
we must give the people the chance to break heineman's lock-grip on the 
legislature, restoring much-needed balance to our state's democracy.labels: 2008, dave heineman, ld-18, mick mines, unicameral

go to full text...



posted at 5:20 am
0 comments











the new nebraska network invites all reader discussion.  comments will only be moderated to maintain civility and prevent solicitation.
spread the word.  share the new nebraska network with someone you love.
story ideas, submissions, and correspondence are welcome at newnebnet@gmail.com.

now available via e-mail!!!  subscribe to the new nebraska daily update.









 www  nnn 









recent posts

bob kerrey: not a big fan of the blogosphere?
a war of rhetoric: 'new york democrats' vs. 'washi...
heineman's "property tax relief" targets ted turne...
rural straw poll picks fred thompson and barack ob...
daub to join the race
bruning poll shows johanns with slim lead
ld-11: contenders emerging to succeed chambers
nebraska republicans pay tribute to chuck hagel
oh, the rumors are running thick now
chuck hagel likes democrats' chances of reclaiming...



















we've had our say.  now, have yours (in 250 words or less).
omaha world-herald -
lincoln journal-star - 
daily nebraskan -
grand island independent -
kearney hub -
norfolk daily news -
fremont tribune -
columbus telegram -
mccook gazette -
scottsbluff star-herald -
hastings tribune


archives

march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007


local politicians, parties, and media

sen. ben nelson
sen. chuck hagel
rep. jeff fortenberry - dist. 1
rep. lee terry - dist. 2
rep. adrian smith - dist. 3
gov. dave heineman
   unicameral directory
nebraska democratic party
nebraska green party
nebraska republican party
nebraska young democrats
net nebraska public radio
sandhills express
southwest nebraska news
north platte bulletin
channel 4 - abc (kearney)
channel 5 - nbc (hastings)
channel 6 - nbc (omaha)
channel 7 - abc (omaha)
channel 8 - abc (lincoln)
channel 10/11 - cbs (statewide)
channel 42 - fox (omaha)
mccook gazette - mike hendricks
jeff koterba cartoon index
neal obermeyer presents



nebraska political blogs

smith watch (ne-03)
paging power
uno college democrats blog
ndp blog for nebraska
the dark stuff
nonplussed
ryan the angry midget
sooner thought
mr. heartland
house of hosh
lincolnite
public christian
plogress report: nebraska
omaha cw media watch
guerilla spot
chuck hagel for president
leavenworth street
plainsfeeder
don't let me stop you
vince aut morire
economic trends
the right-wing professor
art diamond
from the heartland
heartland notebook
go big ed
vital signs
conquering the divide


recent comments











all original new nebraska network articles are registered & protected under a creative commons license.


 





