



united ministries | greenville, sc














































 








 






donatei need helpparticipantsaboutmission & visionstanding with people of colorin the newsstaff & boardkey supportersphoto galleryprogramsemergency assistancehousingplace of hopestriving to thriveen espanolstoriesget involveddonatedonate goodsvolunteeryouth opportunitieseventsuniting for change luncheonall eventsschedule a speakersponsoraboutmission & visionstanding with people of colorin the newsstaff & boardkey supportersphoto galleryprogramsemergency assistancehousingplace of hope day shelterstriving to thriveprogramas & servicios (en espanol)stories of radical hopeget involveddonatedonate goodsvolunteeryouth opportunitiesevents2025 luncheon main pageall eventsschedule a speakersponsorget helpdonate
new at united ministries:
food drive | now – feb. 10
souper bowl of caring
help tackle hunger
join us in this year’s souper bowl of caring—help us stock the pantry and make a difference. your donations will go directly to those experiencing food scarcity in the months ahead.
to participate, simply drop off your non-perishable food donations at the united ministries admin building located at 606 pendleton street, greenville, sc 29601 by february 10th. let’s score a win for our neighbors!

want to participate a different way? if you make a financial gift designated to emergency assistance now through february 10th it will automatically contribute to the souper bowl of caring. thank you for supporting our neighbors!
donate onlineuniting for change luncheon
tickets on sale now!
we are so excited for our 2025 uniting for change luncheon! this special event brings the greenville community together to learn about themes close to united ministries. this year’s keynote speaker is dr. jim o’connell, and we will also have the opportunity to hear from united ministries participants, staff, and board, alongside influential leaders connected to our work in greenville. reserve your seat now, we can’t wait to see you at this year’s luncheon!
to learn more about our uniting for change luncheon, meet the keynote speaker, and purchase tickets, click the button below
learn more & buy tickets
what we do
day shelter services & case management
place of hopepersonalized coaching for economic mobility goals
striving to thrivehousing and economic mobility coaching for families with children
housingfood, medication, rent & utility assistance
emergency assistancethank you to our 2025 empowerment sponsors
 

 



 



 

 


 




united ministries

united ministries is a direct services organization that serves individuals and families experiencing scarcity by providing basic needs for stability and supportive services to achieve self-sufficiency.



proud partner of the united way






quicklinkscareers
annual report
online donation form
faqs
get help
resource guide
 
#73281

stay informed 
stay connectedfacebookyoutubeinstagramrsscontact us606 pendleton street
greenville, sc 29601(864) 232-6463info@united-ministries.org© 2025 united ministries | an engenius website | privacy policy

 menu























