












home | t.k. martin center for technology and disability











skip to main content
skip to main menu






search

mystate


menu








              home             



              about us             

mission
history
staff
ambassadors




              services & outreach             

assistive technology services
project impact
express yourself! art
dyslexia services
psychological and aba services




              give now             



              training             



              trick or trot             


















mystate on mississippi state university
directory on mississippi state university
events
news
contact







search t.k. martin center


search















              home             



              about us             

mission
history
staff
ambassadors




              services & outreach             

assistive technology services
project impact
express yourself! art
dyslexia services
psychological and aba services




              give now             



              training             



              trick or trot             











background image alternative text: tkmc banner






the t. k. martin center for technology and disability












background image alternative text: student uses aac device


assistive technology






background image alternative text: girl and boy playing on the playground


project impact






background image alternative text: kendrell daniels painting "msu baseball player"


express yourself! art program






background image alternative text: decorative


dyslexia/reading services






background image alternative text: decorative


psychological and aba services



















directions to the t.k. martin center











map to t.k. martin center






directions to the t.k. martin center
coming from highway 82
off highway 82, exit onto highway 182 west (dr. martin luther king jr drive) and go one mile until east lee blvd. take a left onto east lee blvd. at the red light, take a left onto wingo way. travel until you see a three-way stop (campus trails will be on the left). turn right at the three-way stop, onto mosley road. go straight until the stop sign. then turn left onto herbert south and park in front of tkmc (just passed the playground). if there are no parking spots directly in front of the building, we can provide you with a gate code for the parking lot by the center.
coming from highway 12
turn onto blackjack road. at the traffic circle (round-about) continue to the second exit to blackjack road. go through the light, you will pass a gated entrance on your left, shortly after you will turn left onto wingo way (campus trails will be on the right). at the three-way stop, turn left onto moseley road. continue straight until the stop sign. then turn left onto herbert south and park in front of tkmc. if there are no parking spots directly in front of the building, we can provide you with a gate code for the parking lot by the center.
 
map to tkmc.pdf













background image alternative text: starkville fire department and delta psi fraternity with project impact students at 2020 easter egg hunt.








what we stand for





the mission of the t.k. martin center for technology & disability is to ensure that persons with disabilities are able to continually benefit from technological solutions and advances in the field of assistive technology.
about t.k. martin center who we are












background image alternative text: speech and occupational therapists work with girl together.









how we help





we provide comprehensive, multi-disciplinary evaluations to remove limitations through the application of assistive technology, allowing individuals to participate in educational, vocational and leisure activities to the fullest degree they choose. the comprehensive nature of the services offered ensures that the correct solutions are achieved efficiently and effectively, with needs being met in a one-stop shop.
the center staff provide services and outreach for individuals with disabilities of all ages including assistive technology, art, early intervention and dyslexia services.
our services & outreach












background image alternative text: tkmc team with nissan team accepting a new vehicle










how you can help





the t. k. martin center is funded through grants, contracts and charitable donations.
how to make an impact


















upcoming events















4
apr

3:00 pm

4th annual express yourself! art auction and sale
location

        the t. k. martin center - 326 hardy rd. mississippi state, ms 39762
      


begins
apr 04, 2025
 - 3:00 pm



ends
apr 04, 2025
 - 6:00 pm








more events




















social media feeds










in the news





msu’s t.k. martin center to host trick or trot fun run

        mississippi state’s t.k.
      


msu’s t.k. martin center hosts hands-on career exploration for students with disabilities

        local students with disabilities experienced hands-on, career exploration activities during the job extravaganza hosted recently by mississippi sta
      


3rd annual express yourself! art auction and sale

        starkville, miss.—mississippi state’s t.k.
      


msu’s t.k. martin center to benefit from jersey mike’s month, day of giving campaigns

        starkville, miss.—mississippi state’s t.k.
      


‘trick or trot’: msu’s t.k. martin center to host 11th annual fun run

        we can’t wait for you to join us for the tkmc trick or trot!  a big thank you to the office of public affairs for helping us get the word out.
      


2nd annual express yourself! art auction and sale

        the second annual express yourself! art auction and sale takes place friday, march 24, 3:30-5:30 p.m. at the t.k.
      






more news







t.k. martin center on facebook
 

https://www.facebook.com/msutkmartincenter/


















find t.k. martin center for technology and disability on facebook





find t.k. martin center for technology and disability on instagram





find t.k. martin center for technology and disability on x twitter





















t.k. martin center


											326 hardy road
											p.o. box 9736


					mississippi state, ms 39762
				








call (662) 325-1028



					(662) 325-1028
				






fax (662) 325-0896



					(662) 325-0896
				











 
 



























