







careers through culinary arts program – empowering underserved youth through the culinary arts
















































skip to content


























donate











newsletter sign-up
















about c•cap

history
our team
our boards
our locations
our programs
contact us


donors & supporters

corporate and foundation donors
institutional partners
product sponsors
benefit donors
scholarship donors
ways to give
c•captain sustaining donor program


students / alumni / teachers

resources
jobs board
asylum seeker training program/programa de trayectorias profesionales para solicitantes de asilo


news & events
 
























 
about c•cap history our team our boards our locations our programs contact usdonors & supporters corporate and foundation donors institutional partners product sponsors benefit donors scholarship donors ways to give c•captain sustaining donor programstudents / alumni / teachers resources jobs board asylum seeker training program/programa de trayectorias profesionales para solicitantes de asilonews & events













 


















culinary careers program











a catalyst for change






 
c•cap is a national nonprofit that connects 23,000 students annually to opportunities in the hospitality  industry through hospitality and culinary education, college scholarships, and career development.



















35th anniversary benefit
nyc - april 7, 6 - 9 pm





get tickets













philadelphia
april 28, 6 pm





get tickets













los angeles
may 16, 6:30 pm





get tickets


























































our impact









23,000+











students served
annually
 










95%











of students hired
for a paid internship
 















$73 million











awarded
in scholarships
 










5,000











industry
partners
 










8











cities and regions
 across the u.s.
 





































“eighteen years ago i sat in a culinary high school program that changed my life.”






brother luck - owner, four by brother luck




























our programs






c•cap works with culinary teachers and their students, providing a multitude of programs and workshops that prepare students for higher education and careers in the food industry.













job training & internships














apprenticeships














cooking competitions




























scholarships














college advising














lifetime career guidance














teacher support






























alumni






c•cap alumni go on to exciting careers and have made significant contributions to their communities. here are just a few inspirational stories of those who are now achieving success.


















adijatu jalloh 
c-cap new york alumni adijatu jalloh is a chef at nobu and entrepreneur –– her catering a.m.j fusion’s ...
read more → 













brianna cruz rabago 
should covid-19 discourage aspiring chefs from entering the industry? who and what are inspiring young chefs today? chef ...
read more → 













aaron davis 
this holiday, we’re spotlighting c-cap arizona alumni chef aaron davis, who just graduated with his bachelors from the ...
read more → 













angie kingston 
disturbed by civil unrest and the unjust killing of black and brown people and inspired by protestors and ...
read more → 













jacob trinh 
jacob trinh’s first joined c-cap when he was a junior at delaware county technical high school in aston, ...
read more → 













tiffany jhingory 
tiffany jhingory heard about c-cap from jonene ford, a teacher at friendly high school in fort washington, maryland. ...
read more → 













rachael litwiller 
rachael litwiller was attending vocational school when she first heard about the c-cap competition in arizona and applied. ...
read more → 













warren ottey 
growing up in east new york, a residential neighborhood in the eastern section of brooklyn with some of ...
read more → 













juliet auld 
juliet auld first heard about c-cap as a junior when she transferred to mountain view high school in ...
read more → 













carson moreland 
carson moreland will graduate from the culinary institute of american in hyde park this july, holding a bachelor’s ...
read more → 













carlton mccoy 
on any given day in aspen, you’ll find carlton mccoy delighting guests at the little nell with his ...
read more → 













mimi chen 
as a senior in high school in 2015, mimi chen had no idea what her future held or ...
read more → 













brother luck 
"c-cap defined the meaning of opportunity and provided me with the confidence that could make me successful if ...
read more → 













lasheeda perry 
with a career spanning over eight states in the last fourteen years, pastry genius lasheeda perry might very ...
read more → 













amanda rubio 
amanda rubio joined the culinary classes at perry high school as a junior. she recalls seeing someone come to ...
read more → 

















news













 

 



beyond cooking: the ann b. zekauskas food styling competition for c•cap 2024-25



					november 1, 2024				






 

 



c-cap’s southern throwdown



					august 29, 2024				






 

 



harvest moon feast 2024



					july 1, 2024				














 


















































© 2024 c•cap. all rights reserved.









contact







33 west 60th street
2nd floor
new york, ny 10023
email us: hello@ccapinc.org
phone: (212) 974-7111










transparency





 

 financials, 990, impact report 



 privacy policy 

 




we are proud to receive high charity ratings from the following organizations:









follow
































































 

















