



 







3dmark.com - share and compare scores from ul solutions' benchmarks


































skip to main content
skip to footer


benchmarks
results
hall of fame
support









one benchmark for all your hardware














steel nomad, out now!

                    3dmark steel nomad is free for all 3dmark users.
                  

                    download now for windows, windows-on-arm, android and ios devices!
                  


read more







for windows - $34.99

get 3dmark from ul solutions


get 3dmark from steam


get 3dmark from epic games







for ios - free











for android - free















benchmark your pc today
3dmark has gaming benchmarks for a wide range of hardware and graphics api technologies. desktop, laptop, gaming handheld, tablet or phone? raytraced gaming or not? testing your gpu, ssd or cpu?
3dmark is your benchmarking multitool for testing and comparing your gaming gear. try out the demo first, or unlock its full potential immediately.
read more about which 3dmark benchmarks are best for your tech here.




















3dmark
the gamer's benchmark
test and compare the gaming performance of your pc with 3dmark, the number one benchmarking app for gamers, overclockers, and system builders.
$34.99

get it from steam


get it from ul solutions


get it from epic games











pcmark 10
the complete benchmark
benchmark the performance of all types of pcs, from tablets to desktops, with tests that reflect real-world tasks performed in the modern office.
$29.99

get it from steam


get it from ul solutions











vrmark
the virtual reality benchmark
is your pc ready for vr? find out if your pc has what it takes to deliver a great vr experience with vrmark, the virtual reality benchmark.
$19.99

get it from steam


get it from ul solutions









most popular graphics cards
rank and compare gpus by performance and price






compare graphics cards








most popular processors
rank and compare cpus by performance and price






compare processors








overclocking hall of fame
loading...






more world records












unsupported benchmarks
our older benchmarks are available to download for free but are unsupported and may not work with current operating systems. they should not be used to benchmark or compare modern hardware.
legacy benchmarks
















skip to header







about


contact


press


privacy policy


cookie policy


terms of use


eula




english
deutsch
简体中文
繁體中文











