















the state of







































































the state of






























































































tuesday, september 20, 2011







the state of texas geography and information





texas, the second largest u.s. state by both territory and population, and the largest state in the contiguous united states. name, based on the "tejas" caddo word meaning "friend" or "allies", applied by spain to the caddo themselves and their neighborhoods in east texas [8] located in the south central united states. texas border with mexico to the south, new mexico to the west, north to oklahoma, in northeast arkansas, and louisiana to the east. texas has an area of 268,820 square miles (696,200 km2), and population growth of 25.1 million inhabitants. 

houston is the largest city in texas and fourth largest in the united states, while san antonio is the second largest in the state and the seventh largest in the united states. dallas fort worth and the greater houston is the fourth and the sixth largest u.s. metropolitan areas, respectively. other major cities include el paso and austin, the capital. texas lone star texas state was nicknamed for the show as an independent republic and as a reminder of the country's struggle for independence from mexico. the "lone star" can be found at the texas state flag and seal this day the state of texas .

because of the size and geological characteristics as the balcones fault, texas well different provinces of south america and west  although texas is generally associated with the desert southwest, less than 10% of the country is desert.  the majority of the population centers in the area of ​​former prairies, grasslands, forests and beaches. the journey from east to west, one can observe the terrain ranging from coastal marshes and the piney woods, plains and steep rolling hills, and finally deserts and mountains of big bend.

the term "six flags over texas" come from various nations in the area of ​​rule. spain is the first european country to the area from texas to claim. france has a short-lived colony in texas. mexico controlled the area until 1836 when the independence of texas, an independent republic. in 1845 the united states as the country 28. annexation of the country triggered a chain of events that caused the mexican-american war in 1846. a slave state, texas declared separation from the united states in early 1861, the united confederation of america during the american civil war. after the war and returned it to the european union, texas in a long period of economic stagnation.

a growing industry of texas cattle after the civil war. because of a long history as a center of industry, texas is associated with the image of a cowboy. changing the country's economic wealth in the early 20th century, when the oil discovery began with the economic boom in the state. with a strong investment in universities, texas has a diversified economy and high technology industries in the mid-20th century. from 2010 it was part of the top of the list of fortune 500 companies mostly in california in 57 with a base of industrial growth, led the nation in many industries, including agriculture, petrochemicals, energy, computers and electronics, aerospace and biomedical sciences. it leads the nation in export revenues since 2002 and has the second highest gross state product.





posted by

ketut widarta



at

3:32 am



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest
















home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















followers











blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2011

(1)





        ▼ 
      



september

(1)

the state of texas geography and information


















































simple theme. powered by blogger.
























