











 




home
about cwi 

about cwi


local branches 

chicago branch
sheboygan, wi branch 
southeastern milwaukee branch 
lawton, ok celtic club 
cincinnatti celtic club 


annual events 

annual events 

brigid's day celebration
revolutionary irish women series
spring gathering
irish books, arts & music fest


cwi communications 

enewsletter
facebook group


resources 

celtic websites
videos
pdf's 
other resources






-

welcome to celtic women international


maureen garry, president


happy 2020! happy st. brigid’s day! happy st. david’s day! happy st. piran’s day! happy st. patrick’s day! and happy spring! we are very fortunate to have so many important days during the first part of the year, all of which harken to new beginnings and ideas to take us forward.
the cwi highlighted celtic nation for 2020 is the isle of man. we are looking forward to your submissions to the newsletter about important events and information regarding the isle of man, known manx activities in your area, as well as the imprint of historical manx activities that have impacted your lives.
we are very excited about the upcoming annual cwi spring meeting and gathering on saturday, april 18th in fox point, wi. we will be presenting information about the isle of man and things manx as well as other things celtic.
it is very heart-warming to work with people who care about the organization and the people in it. there is always so much to do, and we hope you will join us in moving forward. we look to you, as dedicated members, to join the cwi board. we are looking for new board members, new ideas, and new activities. we need your input and involvement to keep the organization vibrant and relevant, to offer interesting activities, and to continue to exist.
i look forward to seeing all of you at our annual meeting and gathering in fox point, wi.
 
best to you always, maureen garry, cwi president
 




cwi facebook page
(click link in tartan)


click




cwi facebook group
cwi's facebook group is a great way to post your interests, upcoming events, comments, and more with others. you do not have to be a cwi member to join the group, but posts should be in keeping with cwi's mission to recognize and honor achievements of celtic women (including your own). search for celtic women international and request access.





the seven celtic nations


 

brittany


cornwall


galicia


ireland


isle of man


scotland


wales

 



postal address: p.o. box 242358, milwaukee, wi 53224-9048
electronic mail: editor@celticwomen.org


