





saint james anglican church – a traditional parish in fort worth































skip to content


saint james anglican church

				a traditional parish in fort worth			




			menu			+
×
expanded
collapsed

home
about us
what is anglican?
clergy
the sacraments
weddings
contact
 






saint james anglican church



fort worth
saint james  is a traditional parish in the anglican church  worshiping in fort worth. 

mission
here are just some of the ways we seek to serve the community of fort worth and dallas, tx.  
loaves and fishesloaves and fishes distributes food three mornings a week from the episcopal ministry center. the program is sponsored and supported by twelve point loma area churches and has been in existence for over 27 years. the first sunday of each month is the “official” collection day for saint james donations. items and food given will be blessed during the mass on that day. however, donations are gladly accepted any day and can be brought in any day and any time. the program is in need of non-perishable food items and small toiletries at all times of the year. during the cold winter months, loaves and fishes will also appeal for items that will help those in need get through those harsher conditions.
kairos ministrieskairos is a greek word that translates as a moment in time where god has scheduled something special to happen. the kairos ministry is devoted to helping people incarcerated in prison know that god has special moments planned for them even while they are more worried about the mundane time (chronos) ahead of them. by going into the prisons, this ministry focuses on the idea of forgiveness to help those inmates. through the use of the cookies provided by our parishioners the inmates learn that everyone is in need of forgiveness, that god will forgive them, and that they need to forgive others as well. this ministry is supported by holy trinity both by the volunteers going into the prison and by those who bake the cookies they use.
the diocese of dar es salaamsaint james actively encourages funds through direct contributions from parishioners to go to the church in tanzania.
the diocese of dar es salaam was established in 1963. it occupies an area of 11,600 sq miles including 42 parishes and 180 rural missions. as with many third-world countries, tanzania is challenged by poverty, malnutrition, poor medical care, and lack of education. additionally, churches in this region continue to undergo attacks by those who oppose christianity in the region. archbishop valentino mokiwa is responding to these challenges by offering elementary and secondary school programs, operating a health clinic, and a radio station in addition to providing traditional orthodox anglican guidance. he also intends to establish the toni job opportunity & vocational training center soon.
society of anglican missionaries and senders (sams) sams engages in dynamic relationships with the church worldwide, experiencing the broken restored, the wounded healed, the hungry fed, and the lost found through the love and power of jesus christ. 




get involved
there are plenty of ways for you to become more active in the life of the parish. below are just some of the opportunities. 







sunday evening study group
the sunday evening study group is led by fr. anderson and meets regularly throughout the year at 7:00 p.m. on sunday evenings at bethany. newcomers are always welcome.  check the sunday bulletin for current topic and meeting times. 
midweek studyvarious topics are addressed in our midweek study ranging from church history to spirituality, from end-of-life issues to world religions. newcomers are always welcome to join in as fr. anderson leads the group in discussion of the latest topic. check the bulletin or logos for the latest updates. 
our next study will be on the topic of discipleship and will begin in lent and continue through easter. 
friday bible study
join us each friday after the morning service at 10:30am for our weekly bible study. participants are working their way through each book of the bible. the study is open to everyone. 


choir
if you have thought about singing in the choir, now would be a great time to join. rehearsals take place regularly. please contact the choir director or parish office if you are interested in adding your voice to this important ministry.

men’s group
join the men of the parish the first tuesday of each month for an evening of fellowship at the venetian restaurant. from 6:00-8:00pm. all are welcome. the cost is usually between $10-15 and includes food and beverages. 

women’s groupthe women of saint james gather regularly for times of fellowship and fun. events are typically offered monthly and usually include an outing in the community at lunch time. check the events page or the sunday bulletin for information on the next event. 





about us


saint james is a christian family proclaiming in word and deed the saving gospel of jesus christ, as found in the orthodox anglican tradition, and celebrating his presence in worship, study, fellowship and support.  more…


acknowledgement
every religion recognizes the importance of cleanliness. christianity believes that cleanliness is next to godliness.
our parish would like to acknowledge the dallas fort worth janitorial cleaning services offered by dallas janitorial services.  the best church cleaners you’re going to find.



opening hours
monday9:00 am – 5:00 pmtuesday9:00 am – 5:00 pmwednesday9:00 am – 5:00 pmthursday9:00 am – 5:00 pmfriday9:00 am – 5:00 pmsaturdayclosedsunday9:00 am – 5:00 pm










contact
weddings
the sacraments
clergy
what is anglican?
about us
 

saint james anglican church,
proudly powered by wordpress.	footer











