


welcome to the world of norad    protecting humans and assets      menu menu            protecting humans and assets     customerssuppliers and partnersproductsabout uscontact     close close          welcome to the world of noradequipment for defence & security         we work with defence          we work with airports          we work with police          we work with customs          we work with prisons          we work with maintenance      your key to the nordic regionare you looking to penetrate the nordic defence and security market?it is our mission to constantly offer the right solutions that meet a need or solve a problem through long-lasting relations. read morewhen you collaborate with us, we bring you closer to the nordic market and to the customers, mainly in norway, denmark, sweden, finland and iceland. read moreyou can get us to act as your agent or distributor or draw on our market understanding as consultants and our ability to deliver a-class technical service.contact us  what’s the catch?in our efforts to ensure that our customers only get the best possible solutions, we do occasionally up our demands to you as a supplier. not to heckle you or offend you. but to ensure that together we deliver solutions that match - and exceed - the customers’ expectations.you see we strive to provide a full-service experience. and we need suppliers that understand our mission. suppliers such as you.  norad a/sphone  +45 9890 9999mail  info@norad.dklanguage  www.norad.dkvat no.: 36438916
iban-kontonr: dk7261810013261415    
bic-kode: krondk22    
reg.nr. 6181
konto nr. 0013261415
  head officeved skoven 35
dk-8541 skødstrup
denmark sister companiescopenhagen
contact ac defence a/sfinland
contact norad oysweden
contact nsc group abnorway
contact kds norway as follow us  copyright © 2025 norad. all rights reserved. check_circle added to your cart close shop videregå til kurvback           search  close search         0 results                     keyboard_arrow_up   this website uses cookies to provide necessary site functionality and improve your experience. by using our website, you agree to our this website uses cookies to improve your experience. learn more about our cookie policy     okay  


