











iet, inc - industrial engineering services


















iet, inc.industrial engineering services  








 home(current)
services
case studies
careers

about

about us
management team
publications
community
clients
faq
contact us



 login








measure. simplify. standardize. realize.
we can help you increase capacity, reduce costs, design new production, execute change, and much more!
request a call







services
industrial engineering





        iet is a full service industrial and manufacturing engineering firm. we serve as engineering and manufacturing consultants in addition to providing hands-on support.
        with a comprehensive range of capabilities in our toolkit from business process reengineering to plant layout analysis, we improve our clients' competitiveness. click on the services menu above or the icons below for more information.
    









industrial engineering





facility layout & design





work measurement





strategic planning





production planning





simulation





mes: manufacturing execution systems





contract engineering





industrial engineer training





quality & management services







markets
servicing global industries





        iet services a wide range of markets including
        automotive,
        aerospace & defense,
        food & beverage,
        building industry,
        chemical,
        consumer goods,
        healthcare,
        packaging,
        service industries and more. click on our case studies and filter by industry to view specific areas of interest.
    









                        automotive
                    








                        building
                    








                        food / beverage
                    








                        packaging
                    







careers
join our team





        iet is growing and looking for bright, talented engineers. to learn more about careers at iet, click on the link below.
    
learn more




sign up to receive iet news and updates





        to subscribe to iet news and updates, click on the link below to enter your email address.
    
subscribe











                            iet, inc.
                        
measure · simplify · standardize · realize


                            iet is a full service industrial engineering consulting firm helping clients
                            in a variety of fields to improve their productivity, flexibility, and
                            competitive situation.
                            in industrial engineering, iet believes there is no such thing as a "stock" solution.
                            our engineering toolkit features diverse capabilities, from work measurement
                            to facility and strategic planning. we have precisely the right tools and expertise to work with your team to enhance productivity
                            and build profits for your situation.
                        

© 2025 iet, inc.  all rights reserved.



 
home
contact us
privacy policy
site admin














