





momusa – commissioned for the gospel

























































 







		skip to content








 





main menu
 


home
about
we believe
ministries
calendar
contact
pastor’s blog
home
 

 
 












































 
+858 230 8768





 
info@momusa.org





 
6090 santo road, san diego, ca  92124














facebook-f
 



twitter
 



instagram
 



youtube
 













 





worship with us 



4:00pm @ highpoint church, 6090 santo road, san diego, california 92124  





 
 






















"but he was wounded for our transgression, he was bruised for our iniquities. the chastisement for our peace was upon him, and by his stripes we are healed. all we like sheep have gone astray. we have turned, every one to his own way. and the lord has laid on him the inquiry of us all. he was oppressed and he was afflicted, yet he opened not his mouth; he was led as a lamb to the slaughter, and as a sheep before its shearers is silent, so he opened not his mouth." (isaiah 53:5-7) 


























 



easter retreat 2025 



inviting you to join us on a three day easter retreat, april 18-20, 2025.  location is yet to be determined so check back for updates. 







 
2024 recap






























church cleaning 



who says cleaning can’t be fun?  no doubt carpet shampooing, windows and restroom cleaning can be exhausting, but the cleaning crew found a way to make the most of it and enjoy the fellowship among each other.special thanks to all who helped and donated refreshments. congratulations crew!  job well done! 






read more











 











sports ministry hosted fundraiser in mesa, arizona. 



mesa, arizona, march 25, 2023 – the momusa sports ministry hosted a fundraiser event in mesa, arizona this past saturday (march 25, 2023) which was a success beyond all expectation.our sincere thank you and appreciation to our sister churches, ccca and icf for their big support. 






read more











 











we are excited to share this new discipleship book. 



"the call of discipleship" 



author:  surleigh tara 



synopsisthis guidebook provides an overview of the four steps for effective discipleship: establishing trust, providing support and guidance, encouraging meaningful conversations, and challenging mentees to think critically about theological topics. mentors should use their wisdom and knowledge to provide insight that will help those they mentor navigate their spiritual journey while striving to create an atmosphere of grace and respect. by emphasizing these principles as a foundation, mentors can be more equipped to equip mentees with the tools needed to live lives of faithfulness.								







 



available on amazon.  






order










reviews


































women's bible study with mrs. nite robert 






read more















 

































icf anniversary & youth rally 



momusa joined with icf (island christian fellowship of az), ccca (chuukese community church of az), and icc (island community church) of oregon on a two day ministry event in phoenix, arizona.  special thank you to pastor charles and pastor buehler along with the icf church family for allowing us to be part of this wonderful and blessed experience. 






read more


















 





















light & saltclick herewhy should i study the word?click herea trans-formed lifeclick here 


 previous slide


 next slide














weekly eventsjoin us in our weekly gatherings.
 

"not forsaking the assembling of ourselves together, as is the manner of some, but exhorting one another, and so much the more as you see the day approaching," (hebrews 10:25). 















 




							sunday service						


every sunday at 4:00 pm.highpoint church6090 santo roadsan diego, ca  92124 













 




							online bible study						


every friday night at 7:00 pm.zoom login info:meeting id: 836 7669 6007passcode: word 













 




							online prayer						


every tuesday night at 7:00 pm.zoom login info:meeting id: 870 2326 1123passcode: prayer 




























 


 






contact us 







 
tel: (858)230-8768





 
info@momusa.org





 
sports@momusa.org











follow us 







 
facebook





 
youtube





 
twitter





 
instagram











isupport 







 
thank you for your support!
















copyright © 2025  powered by momusa








 
























