



new page 1







nor'
west company

  
		
   
		
  
		
  
		
  
		






nor' west
company products






























living-history
activities in
alaska
'parchment' background created
by jason gatliff for historical
enterprises, publishers of  on
the trail and the historicaltrekking.com
website.
nor' west company's website is hosted and
managed by nor' west net.
©1999 - 2006 by nor' west net.  all rights
reserved.  for publication information contact webmaster@norwestcompany.net


 


		providing alaska's muzzleloader shooters and living historians with high 
		quality, historically authentic supplies and equipment.


thom "swanny" swan, proprietor
p. o. box 16237
two rivers, ak  99716
(907) 488-3327 

		click here to contact on-line
welcome to the on-line trading post of nor' west 
		company, a retail sales company catering to muzzleloader shooters and 
		living history enthusiasts in alaska and the lower-48 states.  we are 
		dedicated to supporting the accurate and authentic reenactment of the 
		social history of north america's frontiers by providing high quality, 
		reasonably priced, historically authentic goods. 
in addition to our commercial pages, nor' west company 
		also uses our site to provide information about the living-history 
		sports in alaska.  please be sure to visit our "living history 
		activities in alaska" page.  we also host the alaska muzzleloader's 
		forum and have a page with 'lynx' (links) to some of our favorite web 
		sites. 
 
web hosting,
design and maintenance
nor' west company's nor'
west net is a web design, maintenance and hosting service that offers free hosting to alaska muzzle
loader and black powder clubs, and low-cost hosting for commercial sites that
are either aimed at the black-powder or living history market or are based in
swanny's home town of two rivers, alaska.  for more information about nor' west
net, please click here. 
sponsorships 
nor' west company is a proud sponsor of 

the alaska chapter of the coalition of
    historical trekkers
the alaska state muzzle loaders association
the midnight sun muzzle loaders association
the golden heart shootists society
aliy zirkle's
    "skunk's place kennel"  iditarod sled dog race
    team. 

 


this trekkers webringsiteis owned by nor' west company
[ next 
| random
| list
| join ]

nor' west company's website is hosted and managed by nor'
west net. 

 





  
		
   
		
  
		
  
		
  
		



 
 
 
 





