


dr. amy - home


























































										home
									





			about dr. amy
		>






			resume
		





			presentations
		





			media appearances
		








			how do i choose a therapist?
		





			do i need therapy?
		





			love code quiz
		







										faq
									



										blog
									



										testimonals
									



										services
									





			psychotherapy
		





			sex therapy
		





			ceus
		





			supervision
		





			media appearances
		





			presentations
		







										contact
									





			schedule a session
		





			invite dr. amy to speak at your event
		







										videos +
									



										subscribe
									



										cart
									



										live the moment now workshop
									











within these pages, you'll find a wealth of information on a variety of topics related to mental health and 
amy demner, phd, lmhc, faacs, atr-bc
your ability to get the most out of living. my primary focus is sexuality, because it’s a fun topic and a key aspect of who we are. sexuality also is a complex topic, that leads to a life-long learning process. many parts of our lives influence our sexual thinking and behavior. starting early in life, parents, schools, religion, peers and media all impact our personal development. who we are, how we feel about ourselves and the way we share love with others are just a few of the many experiences molded by our sexual attitudes and experiences. join me on this eye-opening journey toward discovering how to be happier and have more fulfilling relationships. you may not have learned about sex as a kid, but it’s never too late to receive healthy information about human sexuality. stay sexually positive and healthy!to schedule an appointment with dr. amy click here.for more information, click on the links below.do i need therapy? how do i choose a therapist? take the love code quiz!












 

 



dr. amy demner | phone (561) 908-2155 © 2022 all rights reserved. dr. amy demner, ph.d., p.a. reserves the right to determine which submissions may be published. all submissions will become the exclusive property of dr. amy demner, ph.d., p.a. no part of these submissions may be copied or reproduced in any way shape or form by any mechanical, photographic, or electronic process, nor may it be stored in a retrieval system, transmitted, or otherwise copied for public private use without the written permission of dr. amy demner, ph.d., p.a.                                                                                                                                           








