




jerome arizona stories and legends from jerome az






















 





 








purchase book




 stories and legends 


the newspaper
 


gallery



e-mail
 






 




























































the history of jerome, arizona is a much longer
            one than that of the town itself. before jerome was jerome it was
            the site of a small dig mined by the local yavapai tribe. the
            spanish were the first europeans to explore the verde river area in
            the 16th century. antonio de espejo and a troop of conquistators
            came through the area looking for el cibola (the mythic seven cities
            of gold). local natives showed them a spot on what later became
            known as cleopatra hill where they mined copper for their jewelry.
            legend has it that the conquistators found a large vein of gold,
            mined it, and hid it somewhere in nearby sycamore canyon. an old
            coot named jerry the miner spent nearly thirty years in the canyon
            looking for the treasure. he claimed to have found a helmet and a
            breastplate left by one of the conquistators. some people said that
            he actually found the gold, but these claims have never been
            verified. it wasn't until 1876 that american pioneers became
            interested in the area. an ex-calvary scout for general crook named al sieber was
            exploring the verde valley looking for gold. when he saw the old
            mines on the side of cleopatra hill, he thought they had potential
            and so he staked a claim. it wasn't long before other fortune
            seekers followed his lead. one of those fortune seekers was nora
            "butter" brown, an enterprising madam who opened jerome's first
            bordello. her story can be found at "opening
            night" others, such as angus mckinnon and m. a. ruffner filed
            claims not long after. in 1883, investors bought the mckinnon claim
            for $15,500, and in 1888, montana senator william a. clark leased
            the mining rights and in 1889 bought control of the claim and formed
            the united verde copper company. the united verde mine eventually
            produced over $1 billion in copper, gold, silver. jerome was on its
            way.it was the eye of the hurricane of america's wild west.
            it attracted people looking not only for riches but for a newer
            freer life. this drive for freedom and adventure caused the lives of
            the most unlikely people to cross in jerome. a fascinating example
            can be found at meeting in mescal1 and meeting in mescal2 the town of
            jerome was incorporated on march 8, 1898 when arizona was still a
            territory. it is said that jerome was named for eugene murray
            jerome, a new york investor in the early mining operations of the
            united verde and cousin of jennie churchill. jerome was incorporated
            (over the objections of certain property owners) because it suffered
            three catastrophic fires within an eighteen month period. from the
            beginning jerome was a wild town with minimal law enforcement,
            building codes, or real government. it was so wild that it earned
            the title "the wickedest town in america". some wags said that
            jerome's sinful ways finally got the attention of higher ups. they
            attributed these fires to divine retribution. regardless of the
            source of these fires, by incorporating, the citizens of jerome were
            able to adopt a strict building code and establish a fire
            department. one of the department's first challenges was a fire in a
            major mine shaft. the shaft collapsed, killing close to a dozen men.
            fortunately, many men were saved due to the efforts of the local
            firemen and an unlikely ally. read about it in the president's friendjerome's
            reputation for gambling, alcohol, drug abuse, gun fights, and other
            assorted mayhem only grew after it incorporated. the population grew
            by leaps and bounds through the next few years, and, when world war
            one came the price of copper soared and, along with it, the number
            of miners needed to tear the ore out of the mountain. they came from
            mexico, china, and all over europe - irish, italian, hungarian,
            polish, slovakian, german - to work the mines in the unlikely town
            of jerome, arizona which clung stubbornly to the side of a mountain
            5000 feet in the air. during the war, the international workers of
            the world tried to stage a strike to obtain better pay and working
            conditions for the miners. the strike was brutally crushed by the
            mine owners with the help of the national guard and the strikers
            were actually deported out of jerome in railroad cattle cars and
            dropped off at the california border. for one local boy the event
            was a traumatic learning experience. his name was billy dailyit was during the boom
            years of the twenties that jerome reached its roaring peak. the
            population of the town swelled to 15,000 people. the mines were
            working twenty four hours a day. hotels were dedicated solely to
            servicing miners. hotel rooms were rented in eight hour shifts to
            accommodate the 24 hour working schedule. and because the miners
            were working all day and all night, the businessses of jerome were
            also open around the clock. prostitution and gambling flourished.
            bootleggers supplied the town with all the illegal alchohol it could
            consume. opium dens were as numerous as laundries and run by the
            same chinese owners. there were three movie theaters, bars,
            restaurants, schools, tennis courts, swimming pools, bowling alleys,
            pool halls, drug stores, department stores, churches, brothels,
            opera house - all the virtues and vices of a classic wild west
            boomtown. it was a time when women were beginning to realize their
            own strength and independence. in jerome, there was one that led the
            way. her name was vivica. read her story in loaded gun.but, as with almost
            all the other boomtowns, the good times finally came to an end for
            the town of jerome. high grade ore became scarcer and harder to dig
            out of the mountain. the price of copper fell. and in 1929 the great
            depression began. as quickly as it built itself into a money
            producing machine, jerome fell into the depression along with the
            rest of the country. the mines closed in 1930. there are few records
            of the town during this period. people were hanging on with their
            hopes and prayers. there was no other real employment for a hundred
            miles in any direction. finally, in 1935 phelp dodge bought up a
            majority of the mining rights in and around jerome. they decided to
            blast the ore out of the mountain, creating a huge open pit just to the north of town. for the
            next few years, jerome suffered the consequences of this type of
            mining. the company would explode up to 250,000 pounds of dynamite
            at a time, blasting the mountain to smithereens and carting the ore
            to the smelter in clarkdale by way of a full scale underground
            railroad. this constant blasting shook the town down to its roots. one
            whole commercial block of downtown jerome actually slid down the
            hill. a movie theater, a pharmacy, a pool hall, a jc penny's, and
            other businesses crumbled, slid downhill, and had to be dismantled.
            jerome's famous "sliding jail" can still be seen hundreds of feet
            downhill from its original location. it was during this period that
            the father of the atom bomb made a brief and life changing stop in
            jerome. his story can be found at the
            drift of stars.when the second world war came, copper
            prices surged once again and the town experienced a mini rebirth.
            however, once again, good high grade ore became harder and harder to
            get out of the mountain, and, after the war, the prices dropped once
            again. during this period some of the strangest events in jerome's
            history occurred. to this day no one is sure if the stories told by
            bernie peoples are true, but you can decide for yourself after
            reading, the peoples' file.
            finally, in 1952, phelps dodge closed its operations in
            jerome. this time the closing was final. there was no other work for
            the unemployed miners and the company made no provisions for them.
            they had no union to look after them after the owners broke the back
            of the unions in 1917. consequently, jerome suddenly became a ghost
            town. families sold their houses for bus fare out of town. those who
            couldn't sell just left their homes, many with the furniture still
            in them. the population dwindled down to perhaps fifty hard core
            individuals and families. they were suddenly faced with governing a
            town with an infrastructure designed for a population of 15,000
            people. needless to say, many buildings, streets, facilities, and
            utilities began to deteriorate. all through the fifties the few that
            had stayed behind tried valiantly to save the town they loved. they
            established the jerome historical
            society the society bought up as much property has they could,
            concentrating in the commercial district. in spite of their efforts
            many structures were lost to slippage, vandalism, and speculators.
            their attempts to promote the ghost town aspect of jerome met with
            some early success, however. there were always those fascinated by
            the old wild west and would go out of their way to experience what
            was left of that romantic period. two visitors found more than
            nostalgia when ran into each other on a beautiful spring day in april, 1957 the town remained quiet,
            empty, and out of the way through the early sixties. it was the
            perfect place for someone who didn't want to be found to hide -
            someone who needed some operating
            room. it wasn't until 1967 when a new group of pioneers found
            the deserted town. a group of young people, disenchanted with what
            they saw as the hyped-up over-commericialzed and life destroying
            american dream and looking for a place to live a simpler life,
            closer to the land, stumbled onto jerome. they moved in and started
            rebuilding and restoring the town. initially, there was some
            resistance from the residents that had stuck it out and gone through
            the hard times, naturally enough, but when it finally became obvious
            that the odd looking young people loved the town and were determined
            to make a go of it, the diverse elements became a community. to read
            what it was like in the beginning, check out the white ship.through the
            seventies, slowly but surely, the outside world began to intrude
            upon the town. speculators moved in attempting to create tourist
            friendly businesses. house prices rose steadily. large structures
            such as the old grade school were purchased and remodeled into
            restaurants and bars. it became a place where, once again, a person
            might make a dream come true - a dream of wealth, a dream of
            enlightenment, a dream of romance. for two people it went even
            deeper when they had their final meeting in
            mescal. by the eighties, the town was in full swing
            rebirth. it was roaring once again. no longer out of the way, it was
            being drug kicking and screaming back into the mainstream. one
            frightened girl thought that it was still a good place to hide. she
            was wrong. she would be found by someone who really was the missing person. jerome has always
            held an undefinable ghostly, mystical energy. you can ask almost
            anyone who has spent any time here. for one local in the nineties
            that energy took him to places beyond anything he was prepared for.
            i sleep to wake is a chronicle of his
            otherworldly adventures. since those days, jerome has slowly
            built itself into a town that is haunted, over the shoulder, by its
            past while it moves, lurching in circles, into the twentyfirst
            century. what does the future hold? perhaps the goodbye party is an indication . .
            . 







other
            works:the
            haight   -    a screenplay about
            early haight ashburyquanah    -
               a screenplay about quanah parker, the last chief
            of the comanchesfields of
            praise   -    a sequel to "i sleep
            to wake"





jerome
            links: lodging: the surgeon's
            house bed and breakfast, the connor hotel, the mile high inn , the cottage inn, the miner's cottage, heavenly view b&b,
            dining:
            the asylum, the mile high grill, belgian jennie's
            pizza and bistro, the jerome
            winery information: jerome chamber
            of commerce, jerome
            state historic park, the jerome historical
            society galleries: pura
            vida, gallery
            527, raku, jerome artists' coop,
            aurum jewelry, made in jerome pottery, my mind's art,
individual
            artists: anne bassett, mark hemleben,
            literature links:online novels, free online novels, litvillage.com - free literature
            directory, the library of
            free e-books, webring, eden robins,     your bedtime story

  


