
















marine and rv furniture | custom yacht, boat, rv, motorhome furnishings by flexsteel, villa, mariner and lafer recliners
















(954) 781-8460


contact us






marine furniture
rv furniture







 


menu

marine furniture
rv furniture
fabrics

marine fabrics
rv fabrics


about us
faq
ordering











 marine furniture  »
        






 rv furniture  »
        


 


glastop rv and marine furniture
 




 welcome to our new mobile friendly website!




 welcome to glastop... your marine furniture and rv furniture on line showroom. we are proud to offer you the highest quality furniture products including marine furniture, boat furniture, yacht furniture, rv furniture and motorhome furniture from industry leading manufacturers including:   

 flexsteel marine furniture and flexsteel rv furniture  in april 2020, flexsteel  announced that it has exited the rv furniture market. they were also a major supplier of marine furniture to many of today's leading yacht manufacturers but discontinued production of marine furniture in 2018.
 villa international rv furniture - founded over 50 years ago, they are a company known for high quality custom rv furniture of distinction. villa adds their custom tailored touch to many of our custom marine furniture designs. villa rv furniture is found in many of today's high end coaches. 
 mariner yacht furniture -is our private line and a marine and yacht furniture manufacturing team that was established in 1999. this team is comprised of a select group of very talented and experienced marine furniture designers and craftsman that are responsible for our ever popular; elite and bimini line of high quality marine storage sectionals, marine sofas, barrel chairs and gorgeous hi lo tables. this specialized team was established to keep pace with the ever changing needs and demands of the marine furniture industry. our goal is; a top quality product that always exceeds your expectations, a wide selection of styles to fit any possible decor, size, price range or configuration with turnaround time and customer satisfaction second to none.
 lambright comfort chairs - one of our biggest sellers for good reason. these amish made, innovative and high quality wall hugger recliners/incliners have it all; extreme comfort, a variety of trend setting styles and fabrics and sizes to fit all body shapes, including some compact recliners at only 25” wide. lambright theater seating has become a huge hit over the past few years with many customers removing sleepers or dinettes to add comfortable reclining sofas and theater recliners; available in sizes ranging from 63"- 100"l. lambright also offers a design selection of rv loveseats, rv sleeper sofas / rv sofa beds and jackknife sofas. 
ultrafabrics / ultraleather - this 4 layer polyurethane fabric is the undisputed champion of the rv and yacht furniture upholstery industry, it absolutely dominates most every coach and salon interior on today’s highways and waterways, it is that good. we have been in love with this gorgeous glove soft, easy to clean and long wearing fabric for over 20 years, it is used on 75% of all our furniture 

  

our selection of these rv furniture and boat furniture manufacturers is directly related to the quality and comfort of their products, and is why we chose to partner with them. at glastop, we listen closely to your needs, ideas and budget constraints; then, using our 51 plus years of first hand product and application knowledge, we help guide you through the sometimes complex product selection process. as a result of our attention to detail, we are able to offer you, our yacht furniture and rv furniture customers, a 100% money back guarantee if you are not completely satisfied with your purchase. 
our goal is always the same: to provide the best possible marine and rv furniture products available for your application at the best possible price while providing customer satisfaction second to none.
 
 
 
 






phone: (954) 781-8460 | fax: (954) 784-3024 | contact us | site map
429 south dixie hwy east
pompano beach, fl 33060


© 2017, glastop inc. all rights reserved.
website designed and maintained by netsource technologies



 









