








	philbrooks boatyard > home

































philbrook’s boat yard 
premier repair, refit and custom building













about us

latest news
great reasons to bring your boat to canada
history
ways of work
related sites



yard services

bottom end
canvas & upholstery
composite & fiberglass
detailing
electrical & electronics
metal fabrication
mechanical
painting & varnishing
woodwork



yacht care


our work

yacht refits
commercial vessel refit & repair services
post class
nordhavn



authorized dealer


careers


contact us















for more than 50 years, philbrook’s boat yard near victoria bc, canada has offered the finest in custom yacht construction, renovations, service and repairs. two marine ways accommodating vessels up to 150 tons or 130 feet enable our team of renowned and experienced craftsmen to produce the finest in sophisticated workmanship. philbrook’s is regularly regarded as the premier full service boatyard in the pacific northwest.
contact us for more details!














our services





            			    custom builds
                		






            			    yard services
                		






            			    legacy refits
                		




























                          northern dream – 130’ sovereign 
                        

rather than waiting for a new-build, it is possible to take an older yacht with ‘good bones’ and create your dream yacht. updating a 20-year-old lady diane to become northern dream was a major project.


view


















                          nutmeg – 63’ nordhavn 
                        

it was time for more than the usual ‘shave and a haircut’ – nutmeg was hauled out into our climate-controlled facility to have the hull fully stripped of exsisting antifouling coatings. followed by the application of interprotect coatings and antifouling. the main, wing, and thruster propellers were prepped and treated with propspeed.


view


















                          whitecap refit (2021-22) 
                        

the decision to do one upgrade sometimes demands planning another.
in the case of whitecap, fuel tanks are located outboard of the engines, so the obvious time to replace them was as older engines were to be removed. to facilitate engine removal, the galley was dismantled to access the engine room via the salon sole.


view

































our story
welcome to philbrook's boatyard, the pacific northwest's premier full-service boatyard, offering onsite facilities for custom design and construction, and complete boat repairs. our shipyard has been in continuous operation since 1950 and has earned a reputation for quickly adapting to changing markets and responding to the sophisticated needs of our customers.
philbrook's is recognized for building elegant custom motor and sailing yachts, while steadfastly keeping abreast of new technologies, materials and manufacturing techniques in the ship building and repair industries.































"philbrook's boatyard is a mariner's treasure chest, overflowing with integrity and qualified tradesmen who take great pride in their workmanship."


                    john mifflin, "finale"
                

                        friday harbor, wa
                    



















philbrook's boatyard
2324 harbour road
sidney, bc
v8l 2p6


email: yachts@philbrooks.com
phone: (250)656-1157 or (877)656-1157
parts: (250) 656-2882
fax: (250)656-1155


home |

terms of use
            |

privacy statement
            |
contact us |

login



copyright © 2021 philbrook's boatyard, all rights reserved











