

gourmet mushrooms and mushroom products












































outdoor 
          mushroom plug spawn







    gourmet mushrooms
 home page










           

morel habitat kit   
®
           





mastercard 
         - 
         visa 




tablets & smart 
         phones
         click here 



discover - american express



























 gourmet mushrooms and mushroom products

mushroom kits since 1989




featured on the food network's
        ham on the street









gourmet mushrooms: edible gourmet mushroom growing kits for home, school, and garden - 
      mushroom kits for:  morel 
      mushrooms











mushroom plug spawn for outdoor mushroom 
      growing!




log and stump inoculation
these sterilized birch plugs are grooved and fully colonized by pure 
mushroom mycelium







      secure order mushroom plugs




shiitake, 
maitake (hen of the woods), lion's mane (hericium), 
reishi, oyster 
mushrooms: blue oyster, sonoma brown oyster
- cheese wax


gmhp offers plug spawn of  hardy gourmet and medicinal mushroom species: 
these sterilized birch plugs are grooved and fully colonized by pure mushroom 
mycelium, and are available in packages of approximately 100 or 300 dowels 
(shiitake plug spawn is also available in packages of approximately 100, 300, 
and 1000 dowels). these plug spawn comes complete with user-friendly 
instructions.  all strains grow & fruit  in a wide range of 
climates. 

plugs may be refrigerated for up to 6 months before use. approximately 100 plugs 
are needed to inoculate 3 logs 4 - 6 inches in diameter and 3 to 4 feet in 
length.


the best times for cutting the logs are either in the winter months for spring 
inoculation or after july 15 for mid-summer or fall inoculation







the morel habitat kit  
®
grow morel mushrooms in your own back yard









the morel habitat kit®
was developed so everyone could 
enjoy growing their own morels in their back yard and have a personal supply of 
fresh morel mushrooms to eat each year. customers have found morels in their 
habitats 24 years after they were 
established!








      "in addition to what you need to grow other genera, they sell a morel 
      "habitat kit", and i actually know someone who had good success with it." 
      morel cultivation for the adventurous and observant by terri marie beauséjour. mycoweb.com"





      "just thought i'd post that we had our very first morel pop in our 
      mushroom garden that i planted last spring using the morel habitat kit 
      from gmhp. this was planted in a tiny section of our back yard in the 
      heart of the city of st. louis. i followed the instructions contained in 
      the kit to a "t" ..."  the great morel forum











 
since 1989,

quality assurance international has been 
providing the highest level of organic certification service to its growing 
number of clients. in keeping with its 'ahead of the curve' reputation, qai 
continues to deliver cutting edge certification programs. currently, qai offers 
organic certification under the national organic program for producers, 
processors, private labelers, distributors, retailers, restaurants, wild crop 
harvesters, greenhouse, mushrooms, hydroponics, and facilities.

privacy policy:  we value you and respect
                                your privacy. we promise not to sell, share or
                                use your information without your permission. 
                                click
here for more information. 

gourmet mushrooms:    gourmet mushroom growing kits for home and garden; edible mushrooms: morel mushrooms, shiitake, oyster, pom pom blanc; dried and fresh mushrooms for health and cooking;  mushroom books,  mushrooms
        t-shirts,
        morel coffee cups, mugs,  mushroom plugs, morel mouse pads, mushroom plug spawn
e-mail 
 gourmet@gmushrooms.com
 gmhp, p.o. box 515 ip, graton ca  95444
 copyright 1997 - 2023 gmhp.  all rights reserved. 
  
  top of page
 

 









 

 


click
here for: mushroom recipes 














































