








two listeners – god calling devotionals
































		skip to content	



 two listeners
god calling devotionals
menu and widgets




god calling devotionals
god at eventide devotionals
 

home
story of the book
the voice divine
god calling devotionals
god at eventide devotionals
classic christian books
contact information
 


current devotionals


god calling – february 16


god at eventide – february 15


god calling – february 15


god at eventide – february 14


(example: june 5 or faith)

search for:



 now to him who is able to keep you from stumbling, and to make you stand in the presence of his glory blameless with great joy, to the only god our savior, through jesus christ our lord, be glory, majesty, dominion and authority, before all time and now and forever. amen. jude 1:24-25

 







two listeners 


god calling by two listeners
edited by a. j. russell
a classic daily devotional for the encouragement of the christian walk

welcome to the god calling website!  if you are unfamiliar with this daily devotional, you might enjoy reading the back story of the book.  you’ll find the story of the authors, two listeners, in the voice divine.  you’ll find the story of the editor, a. j. russell, in the story of the book.
in part, a. j. russell writes in the story of the book:  “not one woman, but two have written this book; and they seek no praise.  they have elected to remain anonymous and to be called “two listeners.”  but the claim which they make is an astonishing one, that their message has been given to them, today, here in england, by the living christ himself.”
the original god calling was first published in 1935 in england.
god at eventide is the evening devotions from the two listeners.
you’ll also find some free classic christian books here.  most of these books are in the public domain, and are not copyrighted.   there are a few exceptions, clearly marked as being on our site with the author’s permission.  we invite you to use the public domain books you find here freely within your ministry. copy them, print them, refer your friends to the website.
blessings to you and yours this day and always!


now to him who is able to keep you from falling, and to make you stand in the presence of his glory blameless with great joy, to the only god our savior, through jesus christ our lord, be glory, majesty, dominion and authority, before all time and now and forever. amen.
jude 1:24-25








				proudly powered by wordpress			










