

copperlily web design - portfolio


















 

click 
        below to view the sites that i have designed and maintain:
 





 








a 
            tribute site to the charismatic british actor ray winstone, with biography, 
            filmography, articles, interviews.  




              the official website of rising west-end actor julian ovenden, star 
              of the donmar production of 'merrily we roll along'. with resume, 
          reviews, photos etc.
site no longer online 













            the website for one of the major departments at the lse. it receives 
            10,000 hits a month from all over the world.












the 
            website of the centre for international studies at the london school 
            of economics.
















website 
            of jo brown, team and personal performance coach, specialising in 
            goal-setting, sports psychology, confidence building, motivation and 
            behaviour change.









website 
            giving information on a family holiday cottage in swanage in dorset. 
            (the cottage is available to family and friends only.)














cornish-based 
              publisher of folklore and local traditions
site 
              no longer online 












            website for uk lighting design consultants for pubs, clubs and film 
            sets, using the latest new age/low energy/long life/light fittings 
            and special effect lighting.. 



  








            a site advertising the 90-minute fusion of music and dialogue from 
            the 1980s tv series 'robin of sherwood'. 




    








            a site about will scarlet, from the robin hood legends, especially 
            as portrayed in 'robin of sherwood', plus a history of the character 
            and images of various scarlets.  















            created by allen w wright, this is one of the major scholarly sites 
            on the robin hood legend on the web.
            (graphic images designed by me) 











            meet lilith and tallulah, and get some hints about recognising and 
            successfully treating ringworm in cavies (guinea pigs). 














curtaincall.co.uk 
              offers a unique web design service specializing in official sites 
              for those in the performing arts, plus extensive links to external 
              uk theatre sites. (in collaboration with pat lyra). 
site no longer online 



site 
        created, designed and maintained by alison 
        carters
graphics 
        & design © 2000-2008 
        alison carter/copperlily






