



lisa solomon dot com ++ website and portfolio for bay area mixed media artist + author + educator






















loading...



skip to content






























home




about   



cv


about me


artist statement







portfolio  



recent projects 


current portfolio




older projects 


portfolio archive




daily projects 


color meditations


my daily chroma


day to day


drawing a day


look up and down




polaroids 


2011-2015


2006-2008








books


contact


teaching



 search














































                                             
                                        
 
                                            
                                        

                                            
                                        











                                             
                                        
 
                                            
                                        

                                            
                                        











                                             
                                        
 
                                            
                                        

                                            
                                        











                                             
                                        
 
                                            
                                        

                                            
                                        











                                             
                                        
 
                                            
                                        

                                            
                                        











                                             
                                        
 
                                            
                                        

                                            
                                        


















color meditation deck :: now available ~ 


                                a follow up to a field guide to color, the color meditation deck offers over 500 prompts for folks to explore creating their own color meditations. 

more on all my books 









                                remembering ruth asawa
                              

                          opening february 6, 2025 from 4-7pm and up through april 12 at the fine arts gallery at san diego state university. this is a continuation of the exhbition that was first shown at san francisco state university's fine art gallery .

more info 









french knot installations


                                    i have been continually making installations based on my senninbari piece for both private and institutional collections.  
                                

see more 











                        lisa solomon







is an oakland, california based mixed media artist, author, educator, and occasional curator

                              who has been teaching [at bay area colleges and classes around the world] for 20+ years. as a hapa she continually explores  ideas, spaces and materials that are in-between. a self declared color geek, she is profoundly interested in bridging the gaps between being creative, living creatively, creating community, and making a living as a creative. 
learn more









                        the latest news + exhibitions   







                                  f@ck off // group show at walter maciel gallery
                              

                             january 25 - march 1, 2025. curated by monica lundy and walter maciel, a group show that grapples with the consequences and fear surround the return of president trump. pieces from my photo series on japanese internment are included. installation views here.








                                  group exhibition at 120710 gallery berkeley
                              

                             curated by john colle rogers and gemma szusterman. this group exhibition opens march 1, 2025 from 4-8pm and runs through the 22nd of march at  120710 gallery. i will be exhibiting 3 new mended targets








                                  amime // solo exhibition at walter maciel gallery
                              

                             september 7th - october 26th 2025, an exhibition that explored the japanese pattern amime - a fishing net. the pattern lives on everything from kimonos to dishware and symbolizes good fortune. several large scale installations as well as a series of prints, paintings and drawings were on view. the exhbition was featured on  art daily.








                                  kiku no hana // art kiosk
                              

                             extended to be up through october 1, 2024 in the art kiosk in redwood city - 2208 broadway - i explored how executive order 9066 affected residents of san mateo county. the exhibition is free and available to view 24/7. read about the thoughts behind the pieces here.








                                  remembering ruth asawa
                              

                               five contemporary artists create new work in response to the artist ruth asawa and the garden of remembrance, a memorial to japanese american incarceration during wwii located on the sfsu campus. featuring: mark baugh-sasaki, tina kashiwagi, paul kitagaki, jr., lisa solomon, tt takemoto. the catalog features essays from lewis kawahara, weston teruya, and patricia wakida. february - april 2024. this exhibition was reviewed in the sf examiner and there is a corresponding interview with weston teruya here. catalogue available








                                    chroma installation in sf chinatown
                                

 christine buckton tillman and i created 5 panels of a  chroma installation  piece for 2023's  edge on the square  second annual art festival - entitled under the same sun.the pieces will be on view in the windows through may of 2024 








                                   a beautiful mess
                                

                                   beginning in feb. 2021 at the bedford gallery and travelling through 2025 - it will open at the  dennos musum of art  september 27, 2024 and be on view until january 5, 2025. please see the group exhibition portion of my cv for upcoming and past venues 








                                    solo exhbition san luis obispo museum
                                

                               cellular memory at san luis obispo museum of art, curated by emma saperstein and on exhibit from june 2 and thru august 28, 2023. a mini retrospective of several bodies of work, along with a newly commissioned large french knot piece installed in an amime [japanese fishing net] pattern. this exhibition was reviewed in the slo new times and also la weekly 








 solo exhbition at walter maciel gallery


                                entitled "but where are you from from?" is the work i've been creating over the pandemic. all about my identity and this very question i've been asked my whole life i've made 21 self portraits outfitted in places people have assumed or asked if i've from (above is mongolia) and 5 life size color portraits in the clothing of my actual ethnic heritage. this show closed dec. 23rd 2022 and was reviewed in atillery magazine. all the work is now viewable on my portfolio page. 








 knot installation in wallpaper magazine


                                stunning photos of the hermosa beach home that houses a blue knot installation were featured in july's edition of wallpaper magazine 








                                 the wpa is alive and well
                              

                                 the amazing jackie sumell of   solitary gardens asked me to create a poster for her prisoner's apothecary project that won wpa support. this was such an honor and thrill. you can see/download and read all about the usdac's continuing support of artists and social justice projects here.
                               








 what is color meditation ?


                                spirituality & health magazine asked me to write a short piece on the genesis of #colormeditation . if you haven't heard the story before - check it out ! i also did a follow up piece on color meditation for anxiety. 








 artists take action


                                     since 2016 i have been curating and organizing small art and good auctions on instagram that raise money for people and organizations doing good in the world - from the aclu, to world central kitchen, to food banks, covid relief, the san jose sewing academy and beyond, it is our hope that these small stones will make larger ripples. 
                                




view my entire portfolio











                                         see what i'm up to on instagram

















 











navigation



about 


portfolio 


books 


contact 


teaching 









 














newsletter






if you'd like to be kept in the know about exhibitions, books, and art shows you can subscribe to my newletter. { i maybe send something quarterly and totally respect your privacy}  :: 






 



subscribe


















scroll to the top of the page




 instagram
 linkedin+ profile
 pinterest
 blog






                            copyright ©  lisa solomon, all rights reserved.
                      








































