








gochecker.com custom static cling race number decals, vinyl, magnetic











































homevinyl color chartresin printed decalshow to apply adhesive vinyldecal materials













 


custom static cling vinyl decals & number kits for club racers, autocross & vintage

















classic ovals & circlesboss 302 replica decalschange kit with oval changeable number kitmagnetic circles & ovals










 













					"the decals are great! they were just what i wanted and they stayed on at well over 100 mph. i had several people come up and ask me about them. thanks again." ~ holden blair					











					"the numbers worked great! applied them as suggested in your instructions, and no problem at all. was going around 150 into a headwind of another 10 to 20, and they never wiggled. thanks again for all your patience and quick service." ~ paul herman					











					"the numbers worked out great! guys in the pits all said, 'those are going to fall right off at 130 down the back straight' — i never had an issue with them! thanks again! and i will spread the good word throughout our club." ~ mike carter					











					"the decals are perfect. you did such a good job, and i may order a sister set in a different color. thanks for such quick service." ~ barry schmidt					











					"they [changeable kit] have been working fine. i've used them in several events both wet and dry and they have been performing well. thanks." ~ pat snyder					











					"my decals worked great. they were easy to put on, looked incredible and stayed put nicely. i have included a couple of pictures of our car on the track with our numbers. thanks again!" ~ trevor bell					











					"the numbers worked great and look great! i followed the directions to apply (what a concept), drove all day in the hot sun, speeds high as 135 mph... and the numbers looked like they were painted on  — even at the end of the day." ~ robert s. olson 					




















			buy decals. look sharp. go fast.		
free priority mail shipping on us orders over $99click for details
gochecker.com makes it fun and easy to put the finishing touch on your car: beautiful and durable racing numbers and graphics. our hand-laminated static cling, adhesive vinyl decals, magnetics and number kits have all been track-tested extensively so you can feel confident and look strong on race day.
from lemans era classic styles in ovals and roundel meatballs to gt style race number panels and class decals, we are your 1-stop source for the best in custom performance graphics. for club racing, auto cross, driver-ed days, vintage & pro-series racing, historic motorsport decal replicas… all types of performance graphics, we’ve got you covered!
ask about our custom thermal resin printed decals, great for one-offs and short runs. the super high gloss graphics are ultra durable and chemical resistant. available on permanent or removable vinyl.
enjoy shopping!  ~ brent






ovals & circles on static cling & adhesive vinyl





changeable 5-digit kit static cling with ovals





changeable kit on clear static cling panels





boss 302 reproduction decals numbers & logos





magnetic ovals & circles






















contact usshipping policyreturn policy | warrantyprivacy policyterms










copyright © 2021 gochecker.com | checker banner & sign. all rights reserved.









