
poetry craft and theory: creation, analysis and improvement.





   
  
 traditional|modernist|criticism|theory|workshop|exhibits|resources|blog
   
   
   
  
textetc: site aims and layout
overview 
text etc deals with the craft and theory of poetry: composition, analysis 
and improvement of literary work, including translation and the creation of good copies 
of well-known poems. though begun as a writer's workbook — notes, references, 
arguments that need thinking about — i have now reorganized the material, grouping 
previously scattered pages in two broad categories, traditional poetry and modernist. 
the categories are not clear-cut, but may help students and poetry newcomers to grasp 
the essentials points before reading further. aimsthe 
specific aims of the site are to:1. broaden the meaning and scope of poetry, 
beyond what now appears in publisher's lists and the small presses, which caters for 
a diminishing portion of the reading public.2. show that the poetry that was 
once well known and well loved is equally supported by aesthetic theory — that 
brain-functioning, metaphor 
theory, linguistics, hermeneutics 
and aesthetics do in fact provide new avenues 
for writing and appreciation.3. suggest why serious poetry has become an institutionalized 
subculture, the preserve of contending and somewhat autistic communities.4. 
provide worked examples of craft and theory demonstrating the depth and continuity 
of the art form, through the centuries and across cultural divides: poetry as it was 
once written.
in this july 2015 update i have slimmed existing 
                                  material a little, and removed dead links when 
                                  not acting as references to articles (then shown 
                                  as nna: not now available). i have not generally 
                                  expanded the resources sections because maintaining 
                                  extended lists is becoming a thankless task. 
                                  many national collections are rearranged without 
                                  redirects, and readers will do better to make 
                                  their own internet searches as and when needed.
though critical theory no longer has its novel 
                                  appeal, the much-disliked 
                                  contemporary poetry sections have been retained 
                                  because serious poetry and its evaluation are 
                                  still constrained by notions that a little reading 
                                  in contemporary science and philosophy should 
                                  seriously question. 
site 
layoutthis is the home page, which also introduces the other sections. in 
the traditional section i have placed what commonly 
appeared in poetry textbooks, including the elements of verse, and what is wrong (and 
right) with amateur poetry.the modernist section 
is the most heterogeneous, being essays on various phases and styles of modernist 
poetry, some snapshot views of the current scene, and an extended sociological analysis 
of the avant garde. the theory section can be hard 
going, but is needed to understand contemporary poetry, and to explore some tangles 
into which it seems to have fallen. it is literary theory from a wide perspective.in 
the criticism section i look at a poem from various critical 
aspects, some traditional and some less so. the poem analyzed is my own, which allows 
me to be more critical than would be otherwise acceptable.the workshop 
section sets out the steps and considerations which i have found to be the most useful 
in composing and shaping a poem. the focus is on practical matters, and the belief 
is that by actually writing poetry, the reader will learn more than by wrestling with 
literary theory or criticism. a first section takes selected chunks of poems, analyses 
how they were written, and attempts something similar. a second section deals with 
translations, from ten languages into english. a third section covers the writing 
of new poems, in a variety of styles. a fourth shows how poets improved their work 
by revision.the exhibits section serves to complete 
poems started in the workshop section, and exhibit pieces that illustrate peripheral 
matters.the resources section provides extensive 
listings — once the fullest anywhere, but probably now overtaken by other sites, 
which are listed — of poetry magazines, publishers, events, competitions, bulletin 
boards, critiquing services, and sites providing dictionaries, thesaurus, guides to 
style and rhetoric, etc. in introducing these pages, i hope it will be understood 
that they do not form a teaching course, or source of literary authority, or any 'how 
it's done' demonstrations. they are simply jottings that have helped me to think through 
certain difficulties in my own work, and may 
on that account be useful to others. the material has grown without much design, but 
i have now arranged matters under linked categories, imposing a structure that may 
help readers gain some perspective and locate things of interest. to that end, i have 
extended coverage in some areas, most obviously in the resources 
section. the tone will seem sharper and more categorical than the situation 
warrants. my background is technical research in commerce and industry, where matters 
have to be simplified for a lay audience, and specific recommendations made. the nuanced 
literary essay will not serve for that world, and what i am writing here is also more 
in the nature of notes, with the internet user in mind. with clarity comes the danger 
of misrepresentation, but i have tried for a balanced view, adding references to indicate 
where fuller arguments can be found. on all these matters there are qualifications, 
lurking complexities, and downright disagreement. in literary preferences we are very 
much individuals, and i apologize in advance for questioning what many poets and critics 
not only hold passionately, but have made into articles of faith. in general, rather 
than take sides, i have tried to explore the territories surrounding the current battles 
to see if better perspectives can be gained by seeing poetry over many centuries of 
its development. the sections can be referenced through page headings, which 
always take readers to a general introduction page, which has a site search box (below) 
and a table of pages in the section. the footer contains links to the home page, site 
map and other pages in the section. you may wish to note that all material on the 
site can be used freely for non-commercial purposes if cited in the usual way. 



                                    © c. john holcombe 2013 2015 2016|  about 
                                    the author
   
   
    
       
  
             homepage   .   site 
plan   .   email 
me   .   about 
textetc   .   disclaimer
   
   
  site pages
traditional aspects  classicism
romanticism realism
formalism amateur 
poetry allusion conversationalists
elements rhetoric genre 
& stanza diction rhythm
sound imagery
sentence structure  poets
al mutanabbi  hafez
 jami  nezami
 rumi  ady
 basho baudelaire
 hugo  racine
 ronsard  st 
john perse  valery  becquer
 dario  lope 
de vega  bhartrihari  kalidasa
 blok  pushkin
 byron  chaucer
milton pope
pound shakespeare
caducci dante
leopardi petrarch
camoes celan
goethe heine
rilke du 
fu li bai wang 
wei cavafy homer
sophocles eminescu
fuzuli ghalib
halevi kabir
krasicki mickiewicz
ovid virgil
rustaveli tegner
toumanian about 
us sitemap 
  





