







training programs for therapists, counselors - active relationships center











































































 














are you a facilitator? access materials and trainings here.loginaboutwhat arc doesleadershipresearch and evidencecommunities we servemilitaryfirst respondersschools & youthchristianfatherhoodhead startincarcerated & re-entryspanish-speakingtrainingtraining programs (curricula)upcoming trainingfacilitatorsbecome a facilitatorf.a.q.blogcontact




 



training curricula for healthier relationships, stronger families, brighter futures.active relationships center® (arc) develops training curricula and materials, provided virtually or in local workshops, that empower people to lead happier, more successful lives.
active relationship center’s peer-reviewed training programs are used by professionals, therapists and counselors world-wide to improve the lives of singles, couples, youth, and families. we train leaders to facilitate our curricula in schools, churches and incarcerated communities, as well as branches of the united states military. our active military life and resiliency skills, and active military families programs are approved curriculum for the army's building strong and ready teams mission.curricula and training materials are available for those certified by arc.become a facilitatorwhy choose active relationships?qualityarc curricula are evidence-based and evaluated by baylor university. results are published in peer reviewed journals. data and research are related to audiences of u.s. army, u.s. air force, department of health and human services/administration for children and families. our curricula are listed in the national healthy marriage resource center, and other national clearing houses featuring evidence-based programs.reacharc has certified facilitators on every continent except antarctica. we have delivered onsite training to over 60 u.s. military installations in 7 countries, and to non-profit agencies in 40 states. we have provided virtual training to facilitators in 12 countries.supportour world-wide network of certified facilitators have free access to support on a 24/7 basis, including real-time chat capabilities with a master facilitator. enjoy secure access to training videos, support materials, and our facilitators forum to exchange ideas.“we love the flexibility. with 24 modules and the flexibility of the program, the options are almost limitless! there’s something for all audiences.”- quote from a client. client information kept private.communities we servethe flexibility of arc training programs, and the real world experience of our trainers, allow us to focus on the specific challenges of different communities. while concepts may be common, content, exercises and delivery are tailored to meet the needs of the audience.militarywe work alongside chaplains, family readiness, spouse groups and family advocacy personnel to serve military members and families.read morefirst responderswe work with first responders to alleviate stress related to trauma, to build resilience skills and to strengthen their relationships with loved ones.read moreschool & youthimplemented currently by ywca programs, faith communities, public and private schools to enhance emotion management and wise choices.read morefatherhoodour goal is to assist fathers in building strong bonds with their children through play and enjoyable time together.read morechristianour christian programs are more than just scripture added in. they are written through the christian lens with prayer and scripture in the forefront.read morehead startwe are pleased to have served head start communities since 2004 through professional certification trainings for staff and volunteer parents and through relationship skills retreats for caregivers and families.read morespanish-speakinghaving founded h.a.r.p. and served over 7,000 spanish speaking persons in the rio grande valley of texas, our spanish language curricula serves communities across the us and central america.read moreincarcerated & re-entrythe need to understand the tools for making peace and to gain knowledge of healthy skills for emotion management and wise choices is paramount to all community members.read morelooking for immediate counseling?our founder and ceo, kelly simpson, ma psych., licensed marriage and family therapist, offers virtual private sessions of marriage and family therapy. her experience with couples and families spans more than two decades and includes marriage enrichment, romance and intimacy, decisions about long term relationships, separations (geographical or divorce related), mediation, team building and navigation through the challenges of infidelity.
if you are stationed abroad or if you reside in texas, these private sessions may be accessible to you. please call 214-369-5717 for more information.call 214-369-5717latest news & updatesinsights on learning, advice for relationships, and news from arc.the risks of couples living together before marriagestudies show those with cohabitation experience are 50-80% more likely to divorce than couples who have not lived together before marriage.december 12, 2022rage: how to respond safelyincidences of rage are becoming more common. before responding to rage, consider: how vulnerable is your current position? and are you in danger?january 16, 2022dating after loss of a spouse (dating a widower): what to knowthere is one circumstance i’ve found where available literature is sparse: how to date someone who has lost a spouse. here are points to consider when dating a widower.december 6, 2021




arc develops relationship skills curricula, trains facilitators and teaches classes to promote personal growth, healthy relationships and workplace success.contact usor give us a call at 214-369-5717main navigationhomeaboutcommunities we servetrainingfacilitatorsblogcontactabout arcwhat we doleadershipresearchcommunitiesmilitaryfirst respondersschool & youthchristianfatherhoodhead startincarcerated & re-entryspanish-speakingfacilitatorsbecome a facilitatorf.a.qcounseling
new clientsexisting clientscopyright 2024 active relationships center®. all rights reserved. active relationships center®, the active relationships logo, and the tagline “stronger connections. brighter futures”® are registered trademarks of active relationships center llc. site by big pig seo.terms, privacy

aboutwhat arc doesleadershipresearch and evidencecommunities we servemilitaryfirst respondersschools & youthchristianfatherhoodhead startincarcerated & re-entryspanish-speakingtrainingtraining programs (curricula)upcoming trainingfacilitatorsbecome a facilitatorf.a.q.blogcontact
 

 
 
 








































