





wikk industries



























 simply. accessible.
    

customer service: 877-421-9490






solutions

bollards
ingress’r
switches
transmitters & receivers


resources
about
contact

rfq


social responsibility



featured solution





built right.built bywikk.

learn more









elevating spaces through accessibility.
      since its founding in 1980, wikk® has been a trusted resource to bridge the "accessibility gap" by delivering patented, code compliant solutions with user-friendly designs.  our products are being used in some of the most iconic buildings in north america, including the empire state building, world trade center oculus, los angeles stadium, and the united states capitol to name a few.  we are a family-owned business that strives on a daily basis to continually exceed our customers' increasing expectations.


      let us show you simply. accessible.
learn more about our mission











custom bollard resources

      wikk industries stands as an industry pioneer in providing custom bollard solutions to our clients. with almost every aspect of our bollards being customizable, we aim to provide the most personal and effective solution to each of our clients.
view resources





testimonials



"wikk ingress'r has proven to be reliable and an exceptional value. combine that with the fantastic ongoing support we receive from wikk."- ron couch, central indiana hardware"with over 35 years in the industry, wikk industries is dedicated to being a leader in accessibility and providing exceptional customer service."- alan pfund, special projects group"we specify the wikk ingress'r for a variety of building types and opening applications. our customers appreciate its quality, functionality and ease of use."- todd farrell, trillium architectural products"the wikk ingress'r is simple, innovative and versatile enough to be used in a huge variety of applications."- todd farrell, trillium architectural products"the team at wikk is a pleasure to work with. whether we need information on pricing, availability or custom applications, they always come through for us."- todd farrell, trillium architectural products"we appreciate wikk's high-quality product and outstanding service.  we're proud to be a canadian partner."- todd farrell, trillium architectural products 





innovations / news

innovationswikk day – june 25, 2023wikk day – on june 25, 2023, wikk was honored by the community with two proclamations celebrating our five-year anniversary under the ownership of the hawthorne family. wikk’s...newsthe true benefits of smart buildingsblog.nemetschek.comnewsdesigning the internet of things: role for enterprise architects, iot architects, or both?zdnet.com 



see all innovations & news


    ready to request a quote?    request a quote here




innovations

gallery
faq
resources


bollards

ingress’r
switches
transmitters& receivers


about
contact

rfq


 


    © 2025 wikk industries

website by foresite


