

















a public agency applying next-generation science to aquatic ecosystems management - since 1969 - southern california coastal water research project

































































































home
about
staff
governance
publications
data
contact



 

home
about
staff
governance
publications
data
contact














research areas
bioassessment
ecohydrology
eutrophication
climate change
emerging contaminants
microbial water quality
stormwater bmps
regional monitoring









research areasbioassessment     ecohydrology     eutrophication     climate change     emerging contaminants     microbial water quality     stormwater bmps     regional monitoring      








ocean acidification and hypoxia
researchers are documenting how corrosive coastal ocean conditions and low dissolved oxygen levels threaten the health of marine food webs.


learn more
 





bioanalytical cell screening assays
researchers are investigating how to adapt cell bioassays as a cost-effective screening tool to improve monitoring of bioactive chemical contaminants in aquatic systems.


learn more
 





harmful algal blooms
sccwrp and its research partners are examining how to mitigate the proliferation of ecologically disruptive blooms in aquatic systems that threaten the health of wildlife and humans.


learn more
 







 who we are


 

 the southern california coastal water research project (sccwrp) is an aquatic sciences research institute that works to improve management of aquatic systems in southern california and beyond. since its founding as an intergovernmental public agency in 1969, sccwrp has been developing strategies, tools and technologies that the region’s water-quality management community relies on to more effectively protect and enhance the ecological health of southern california’s coastal ocean and watersheds that drain to it. as an r&d agency, sccwrp’s reputation is built on conducting research and translating this science into actionable guidance and recommendations that inform management decision-making and policy development.
learn more »

 

 latest news


method developed to measure street sweeping’s effectivenesseffort launched to expand, formalize habs monitoring in coastal watersmodeling phase launched in effort to open ‘black box’ of bmp mechanistic processesbight ’23 regional survey assessing ecological health of eelgrass beds for first time more news >>

 upcoming meetings


sccwrp commission meeting  - sccwrp commission meeting  - sccwrp commission meeting  - sccwrp commission meeting  - sccwrp commission meeting  -  more meetings >>

 

 latest publications


 



lao, w., x. shang, s. yu, h. xiao, y. lou, c. song, j. you. 2025. evaluation of multilayer co-extrusion film and other three plastic membranes as passive samplers for determination of polyhalogenated carbazoles in water. water research doi:10.1016/j.watres.2025.123266.


vasselon, v., s.f. rivera, e. acs, s.f.p. almeida, k.b. andree, l. apotheloz-perret-gentil, b. bailet, a. baricevic, k.k. beentjes, j. bettig, a. bouchez, c. capelli, c. chardon, m. duleba, t. elersek, c. genthon, m. jablonska, l. jacas, m. kahlert, m.g. kelly, j.n. macher, f. mauri, m. moletta-denat, a. mortagua, j. pawlowski, j. perez-burillo, m. pfannkuchen, e. pilgrim, p. pissaridou, f. rimet, k. stanic, k. tapolczai, s. theroux, r. trobajo, b. van der hoorn, m.i. vasquez, m. vidal, d. wanless, j. warren, j. zimmermann, b. paix. 2025. proficiency testing and cross-laboratory method comparison to support standardisation of diatom dna metabarcoding for freshwater biomonitoring. metabarcoding and metagenomics 


cheng, y., b.g. johannessen, d.a. vaccari, e. fassman-beck. 2025. characterization of nitrogen discharge from extensive sedum green roofs with multiple amending designs and materials. journal of sustainable water in the built environment 


steele, j.a., a. gonzalez-fernandez, j.f. griffith, d. ebentier mccarger, s. wallace, k.c. schiff. 2025. extrapolating empirical measurements of wastewater exfiltration from sanitary sewers to estimate watershed-scale fecal pollution loading in urban stormwater runoff. frontiers in environmental science doi:10.3389/fenvs.2024.1458153.




 more publications >>

 








research portfoliosccwrp is a regional aquatic science research agency with national impact. learn more about the agency’s broad research portfolio and how it shapes development of informed water-quality management strategy. more »
management impactsccwrp focuses on building a rigorous scientific foundation to inform management decision-making. explore the organization’s most influential, impactful accomplishments of the past 50 years. more »
scientific publicationssccwrp has collaborated with nearly 200 organizations on peer-reviewed journal articles in recent years. explore the institutional affiliations of all of sccwrp’s recent co-authors. more »
scientific leadershipsccwrp scientific staff hold more than 100 leadership roles with professional scientific societies, advisory committees and peer-reviewed journals. learn more about how sccwrp engages with the broader scientific community. more »














quick linksupcoming meetings
seminars at sccwrp
research plan
employment
requests for proposals
ctag-only portal
news
 

contact
southern california coastal water research project
3535 harbor blvd., suite 110
		costa mesa, ca 92626
front desk: 714-755-3200
fax: 714-755-3299
email: inquiries@sccwrp.org

 

meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org

 







 
			© 2025 — southern california coastal water research project. all rights reserved
		
































