 







rescue the birds































 







 









 





 donate






 

 




home




  about

  





back




about the refuge






board of directors






in memoriam






permanent residents










  services

  





back




adopting

 






back




adoption center






adoption process






frequently asked questions






success stories












boarding






fostering






relinquishing










  education

  





back




behavior






caging






health






playtime






recipes










  get involved

  





back




how to help






make a donation






volunteer












contact us






adoption application






blog











 

 





don't buy, don't breed, please adopt a bird in need

a refuge for saving the wildlife works hard to prepare parrots for their next home, and we will work with you to find a bird compatible with you and your household.








friendships that last a lifetime

choose to volunteer your time and talents, and help to make a difference to all the parrots housed here.















 

 


newsflash






                                                
                                                a brand new look for the refuge

                                                                                                    












 







welcome to the refuge

a refuge for saving the wildlife is a no-kill parrot rescue, rehabilitation, education and adoption shelter. we provide a safe place for parrots that have to be re-homed due to unfortunate situations that sometimes arise. most of them were loved dearly and cared for, and when that was no longer possible, their companion-people did the most selfless act of kindness in finding them a good home.
we work together with other parrot groups to eliminate the need for rescues. until then, we will provide temporary housing and care for any and all psittacine birds (not including those with fatal and/or contagious diseases); educate the public about the proper care of exotic birds; and locate healthy, happy, and nurturing homes for those that are eligible.
the refuge is established with the internal revenue service as a 501(c)3 charitable corporation. we are licensed by the illinois department of agriculture, bureau of animal welfare to provide for adoptions. we are also a member of the society of animal welfare administrators.
please note: we do not handle anything other than parrots, if you have found sick/injured wildlife,  click here to find a licensed wildlife rehabilitator.










 




don't buy, don't breed, please adopt a bird in need 









 




                                        
                                        who we are

                                        
                                        + 


a refuge for saving the wildlife is a rescue, retirement, and adoption facility for exotic birds. we provide a safe place for parrots that have to be re-homed due to unfortunate situations that sometimes arise. most of them were loved dearly and cared for, and when that was no longer possible, their companions did the most selfless act of kindness in finding them a good home. 




                                        
                                        what we do

                                        
                                        + 


first and foremost, we work together with other parrot groups to eliminate the need for rescues. until then, we will provide temporary housing and care for any and all psittacine birds (not including those with fatal and/or contagious diseases); educate the public about the proper care of exotic birds; and locate healthy, happy, and nurturing homes for those that are eligible. 





                                        how you can help

                                        
+ 


want to help parrots, but don’t know where to start? there are countless ways to become involved with a refuge for saving the wildlife, and our lifesaving efforts. a great place to start is looking at our get involved page. 

read more














subscribe to our blog
unsubscribe from our blog











 

 


 



 



 



 



 



 










 

 





 our mission is simple
to work in joint cooperation with all avian rescue groups to try and eliminate the need for rescue groups by educating the public about aviculture issues.  until that is accomplished, we will provide a sanctuary for those unfortunate parrots that are in need of a home.



 connect with us 























 









            ©
        2025
    a refuge for saving the wildlife. all rights reserved.a refuge for saving the wildlife is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. all contributions to a refuge for saving the wildlife are tax-deductible to the full extent allowed by law. our tax identification number is 36-4308066.
            


 


 
















