












wisconsin dressage & combined training association - home


























































 







homeaboutboard informationboard minutesstate & chapterseastern chaptermissionvisionpurposebylawspoliciesdonatedonation formmembershipgeneral membershipindividual membership eformbusiness membershipbusiness membership eform scholarshipsawards program70 percent clubdressage award registration eformeventing award registration eformwestern dressage awards registration eformmember of the yearusdf-relatedequesterequester advertising eformresources
calendar/eventscalendar submission'equester'safe sportformsindividual membership eformsibb listing formbusiness membership eform dressage award registration eformeventing award registration eformwestern dressage awards registration eformadvertisedonateequester advertising eform`all formslinksfaqbuy/sellbusiness membersstablesinstructorsbreedersbusiness listingsibb adverting eformequester advertising eformnewscontactboard login 
 
 


search































website note - website upgrade 
welcome to the new website for wdcta. we're still "unpacking" as we "move in" to the new site, there may be a few links here and there that are not working yet, so if you are having problems, please drop a note to stephanie, she appreciates it!
 






wdcta state scholarships
the purpose of the wdcta state scholarship program is to provide educational opportunities to members who have demonstrated exceptional commitment to and/or excellence in the sport, as well as service and ambassadorship within wdcta.
overview
the wdcta scholarship is intended to provide funding support for wdcta members who are working to sharpen their riding skills, their teaching skills and/or to better their understanding of of the sport. educational programs may have either a dressage or eventing focus. annually, six grants of $250 maximum each will be offered to wdcta members for concentrated work with a trainer of their choice within one(1) year of receiving the grant award. two (2) grants will be awarded in each of the following categories:

adult amateur
professional
junior/young rider (members who are up to and including 21 years of age)

the grant is meant for a wdcta member to have the opportunity to be in a training situation that is not readily available during the course of his/her daily pattern. grant monies must be used to participate in educational programs that include, but are not limited to: seminars, workshops, clinics and training programs offered by recognized or certified instructors.


            read more: scholarships        





it's time to renew!
now accepting 2025 new members & renewals!

 
wdcta is now accepting new members and membership renewals for 2025. be an "early bird" and renew now to ensure uninterrupted membership benefits with wdcta and usdf, and of course delivery of wdcta's equester newsletter! wdcta's membership term mirrors that of the united states dressage federation: december 1 - november 30 annually. 
you may join or renew online and pay with paypal via our online membership form. 
business members may also renew online or via our online business membership form. if you would prefer to mail in your membership with a check, the 2025 membership form is available for download (for a printable pdf please visit our forms page).
those members wishing to renew their stable, instructor, breeder, or business (sibb) listing may also do so either online or via our printable form. sibb listings are for wdcta members only. business listings are for retail businesses such as feed stores, tack shops, truck or trailer sales, insurance, fencing companies, and others not covered by our stable, instructor, or breeder listings.
 






associations 


  
  
  
  
  
  


←
→











site problems: contact webmaster
wdcta is a 501(c)3 non-profit organization incorporated in the state of wisconsin.





*ftc affiliate disclosure: wdcta is advertiser-supported. when you buy through the paid links on our site, they may earn an affiliate commission at no cost to you










support our affiliate sponsors! 


 


*ftc: may contain paid affiliate links 







support our affiliate sponsors! 


 


*ftc: may contain paid affiliate links 







support our affiliate sponsors! 


 


*ftc: may contain paid affiliate links 







support our affiliate sponsors! 


 


*ftc: may contain paid affiliate links 









copyright © 2025 wisconsin dressage & combined training association. template by hot joomla templates.



a- reset a+

 








