




vision international university - vision international university


























































 







vision international university








 











taking the whole word
to the whole world 












menu

 


home
about

accreditation & authorization
viu faculty & staff
viu board of regents
vision history
dr. stan dekoven


students

apply for admission
earn a ministry degree
online learning
transfer opportunities
degree programs
tuition and finance
student resources


equipping network

schools of ministry
network of ministries
visión international escuela en línea
vision international college & seminary
vision group
vision publishing
international outreach


connect

support
media


give to vision



















save time and money 




on your online college degree 



earn an affordable christian ministry or business degree... on your time! 





 




























take the first step 



unlock your potential with a degree from vision international university.fill out the form below to learn more about our online degree programs 






admission informationdegree program- select degree level -associate of artsbachelor of artsbachelor of ministryma in christian leadershipma in christian counselingemphasis in pastoral care & counselingemphasis in christian educationdoctor of ministrynameemailphonecountryselect countryafghanistanaland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelaubelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanboliviabonaire, saint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybritish virgin islandsbruneibulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscook islandscosta ricacroatiacubacuraçaocyprusczech republicdemocratic republic of the congo (kinshasa)denmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islandsfaroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandshondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairaniraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyivory coastjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikosovokuwaitkyrgyzstanlaoslatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacao s.a.r., chinamacedoniamadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesiamoldovamonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorth koreanorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalestinian territorypanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarrepublic of the congo (brazzaville)reunionromaniarussiarwandasaint barthélemysaint helenasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martin (dutch part)saint martin (french part)saint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporeslovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia/sandwich islandssouth koreasouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyriataiwantajikistantanzaniathailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdom (uk)united states (us)united states (us) minor outlying islandsunited states (us) virgin islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvaticanvenezuelavietnamwallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwerequest info → 















 



internationally accredited 











vision international university holds prestigious international accreditation from asic. 






 



transfer friendly 











vision international university accepts transfer credits and has specialists available to support you. 







 



adult education
experts 











the average age of new students is 40 years old, making viu a glob- al leader in online adult education. 













 






earn two respected degrees... 



in just 2 years! 



earn your bachelor of ministry degree, plus your master of arts in business and ministry degree with viu’s innovative double degree program! 






learn more

























online degrees at vision international university 



vision international university is a pioneer in distance learning with academic excellence. viu offers training in 140 nations worldwide and is internationally accredited through asic (accreditation service for international schools, colleges and universities).  






 










here’s what our students and alumni say: 












 
i’m overjoyed to be in viu’s double degree program. taking this leap of faith has brought me into a supportive and inspiring community of believers where i feel at home, sharing the same faith and values.


robert chauharjasingh
business coach












 
words can’t fully express my gratitude to viu for the double degree program. you opened a door that seemed out of reach to me in my 50’s. what i learned empowered me to start a business coaching christian musicians and i have made over $100,000 so far! at age 55 i now have a college degree and am stepping confidently into the future!



deanne morrell
musician & worship leader












 
vision international university helped me encounter god through the study of his word. the curriculum provided me with a solid theological foundation and prepared me for greater opportunities in ministry. i highly recommend viu for anyone seeking to accelerate their spiritual growth.


john naden subramaniam
graduated with the bachelor of ministry in 2016 & master of theological studies in 2019












 
i’m so grateful for viu’s double degree program! i’m having so much fun learning and growing. the program provides incredible wisdom, support and guidance. it’s been an absolute game-changer for me, empowering me to become an amazon bestselling author!




 judy go wong
award-winning filmmaker and actor












 
i had no clue what god planned when he brought me here. the idea that god would open up a door for me to get a double degree still blows my mind! i’ve been able to flourish as a kingdom leader and grow spiritually with vision.


andria washington
life coach and public speaker












 
i have been greatly transformed by vision international university, both in my spiritual journey and in my ministry as a pastor. the biblical knowledge and practical ministry training i received have helped me better serve my congregation and community. 

margaret rose q. subramaniam
graduated with the bachelor of ministry in 2016 & master of theological studies in 2019












 
i did not really think i could get a ministry degree… or a business degree. now i have both! it was amazing to study from home, at my own pace, and learn from the world’s most-respected ministry leaders. this program has enriched and changed my life forever!



sandra krug
legal nurse consultant












 
last year i was reflecting on life and realized that i had a desire deep within to get a ministry degree. i jumped at the chance to be part of the double degree program and dove into it with joy. today marks a huge milestone in my life, with many more to come… i’m a viu grad!




ann marie thrives
author, speaker, behavioral specialist












 
the four years i devoted to my education with vision international university was the best experience of my life! the priceless knowledge, powerful impartation and practical lessons i received at viu have proven to be of great value to me in my life and ministry. 

david rebano
graduated with the bachelor of ministry in 2016












 
i love, love, love viu’s double degree program! the courses are awesome, you go at your own pace and the tuition is unbeatable. business and ministry degrees give you so much credibility. this program is an answer to prayer!





 aicha barry
#1 bestselling author and minister









 

 


 










lead and succeed with vision 
















 



affordable
tuition 











competitive, affordable tuition rate so that furthering education is within reach for everyone. 








 



degree
variety 











christian degree programs designed to help you achieve your goals 







 



on your
schedule 











flexibility and convenience for work- ing professionals and students with busy schedules 












vision international universityis internationally accredited 











 



vision international university holds prestigious international accreditation from asic (accreditation service for international schools, colleges, and universities).institutions with asic accreditation undergo an impartial and independent external assessment process to confirm their provision meets rigorous internationally accepted standards, covering the whole spectrum of its administration, governance and curriculum.achieving asic accreditation demonstrates to students and stakeholders that an institution provides high-quality education, delivers safe, rewarding educational experiences and is committed to continuous improvement. asic accreditation is a leading, globally recognized quality standard in international education, which means that your degrees will be respected worldwide. 











apply for viu's double degree program! 



earn your bachelor of ministry degree + internationally accredited master of arts in business and ministry degree 






apply now










 






learndegree programspaying for schooladmissionsabout vision internationaluniversity employers 



experienceonline experiencestudent lifetransfer and credits 



studentsstudent loginstudent resources 



supportcontact 
















 





vision international university 











bring the whole word to the whole world! 








request info










apply now
















© 2025 vision international university 






 





















