










































































                                en
                            



                                        english
                                            





                                        french
                                    




                                        german  
                                    




                                        italian
                                    




                                        japanese  
                                    




                                        chinese  
                                    






all



events



education





symposia






                                    symposia
                                

                                                international osteology symposia
                                            

                                                national osteology symposia
                                            








national groups






                                    national groups
                                

                                                national group australasia
                                            

                                                national group brasil
                                            

                                                national group china
                                            

                                                national group deutschland
                                            

                                                national group italia
                                            

                                                national group switzerland
                                            

                                                national group uk
                                            

                                                national group usa
                                            








oral regeneration topic









podcasts






                                    podcasts
                                

                                                legends of oral regeneration
                                            

                                                next regeneration
                                            








in a nutshell









collaborations






                                    collaborations
                                

                                                isprd boston 2025
                                            

                                                europerio11 2025
                                            








education standards









research academy










practice



research





funding opportunities






                                    funding opportunities
                                

                                                applied research grants
                                            

                                                joint large clinical grant
                                            

                                                advanced research traineeships
                                            

                                                research scholarships
                                            

                                                research academy grants
                                            

                                                iadr of grant
                                            








research academy






                                    research academy
                                

                                                research academy grants
                                            








research tool box









publications










about





foundation board & committees









expert council









next gen team









scientific review board









honorary board









osteology office









news & press releases









media partner










the box
































osteology florence 2025
national osteology symposium24 - 25 october





                                                    go to early bird registration
                                                








the next regeneration podcast
join hosts anina and elena for another episode





                                                    listen now
                                                








osteology guangzhou 2025
national osteology symposium3 - 5 march





                                                    save the date
                                                








osteology düsseldorf 2025
national osteology symposium9 - 10 may





                                                    go to early bird registration
                                                








save the date
international osteology symposium23 - 25 april 2026vienna





                                                    add to your calendar
                                                


















                we are regeneration
            







exclusively yours

we are committed to delivering excellence in all our educational programmes.








funding programmes

explore our different funding opportunities and advance your scientifc career.








rooted in oral regeneration

we are strongly engaged with outstanding researchers and practitioners worldwide.






 


always stay up to date
get the latest news and find out what's going on at osteology foundation





two new board members elected
we are pleased to announce the election of two new foundation board members, tali chackartchi from israel and giuseppe romito from brazil.





                                            read more
                                        






gothenburg became a second home
ana flavia's scholarship year with christer dahlin provided her with invaluable friendships, professional growth and personal clarity.





                                            read the interview
                                        






"we are bigger than our dreams"
that is how isabella manso summarizes her scholarship year in london with mentor nikos donos. 





                                            read the interview
                                        






nog usa’s highlights
the national osteology group usa held the final round of its inaugural case competition. six young presenters competed for awards in two categories. 





                                            read the news
                                        






global consensus for clinical guidelines
the gccg is an innovative, evidence-based approach to consensus-building in implant dentistry. its goal is to create straightforward, practical clinical workflows that enhance clinical outcomes.





                                            more information
                                        






are you young and eager to grow?
the next gen team is looking for a new team member. consisting of six dental professionals, the next gen team is an important link between the osteology foundation board and the younger generations.





                                            apply here
                                        






introducing our new trainees
new opportunities await our young researchers.  they explore scientific techniques around the world during their advanced research traineeship.





                                            read the news
                                        






subscribe and keep in touch with us
our newsletters deliver the latest osteology news straight to your mailbox. find out about upcoming events, webinars, podcasts and more.





                                            sign up now
                                        







 


education for you


                        regenerative therapies require a high degree of knowledge, practical skills and interaction among specialists. osteology foundation offers a wide range of high-quality educational formats to facilitate successful regenerative treatments.
                    



                            more about education
                        




 


partner in research


                        funding research into all aspects of oral tissue regeneration is a core task of the osteology foundation.  its funding offers include grants for all research levels, from early-career to experienced, with the aim to promote excellence in oral and maxillofacial tissue research.
                    



                            more about research
                        




 


international osteology symposium vienna 2026


                        from 23 - 25 april 2026 we will meet you in the beautiful city of vienna for our next international osteology symposium. make sure to save the date and and stay connected for more updates soon.
                    



                            osteology vienna
                        






improve your practice 


                        osteology foundation offers practical tools especially designed by renowned experts to help you improve your daily practice. 
                    



                            more about practice
                        




 






our image movie
we are osteology - guided by our four core values we're bringing oral tissue regeneration to the next level. watchg the movie and learn about the past, present and future of osteology foundation.











osteology foundation


                    platz 10
                

                    ch-6039 root d4
                

                    switzerland
                



                    +41 41 368 44 44
                

                    info@osteology.org
                
















events


education


practice


research


the box










oral regeneration topic


national groups


podcasts


need help?


sign up for newsletter







2025
imprint
privacy
terms & conditions






