
















integration and application network | university of maryland center for environmental science







































join the celebration!
							    learn more








celebrating 100 years of science! | 1925-2025
join the celebration!





























umces home
donate































search form

search 















work with us

science communication services
environmental report card production
training and capacity building
stakeholder engagement
careers



media library

symbols
graphics
photos
videos



report cards


education

professional certificate
mees graduate program
short courses
initiatives



blog


enewsletter


publications

books
report cards
newsletters
reports
brochures
posters
papers



projects


about

who we are
what we do
our mission
history
partnerships
contact
land acknowledgment statement
project videos









university of maryland center for environmental science
integration and application network



































communicate better, empower change



















featured highlights
2023/2024 chesapeake bay and watershed report card


this report card provides a transparent, timely, and geographically detailed assessment of chesapeake bay and its watershed. since 2016, umces has engaged stakeholders throughout the watershed to transform the report card into an evaluation of the chesapeake watershed health. watershed health includes traditional ecological indicators, but also economic and societal indicators. this is the fifth year the watershed has been scored, and while no new indicators were included this year there were multiple updates to existing indicators.



learn more













featured highlights
report cards for the clinton, detroit, huron, river raisin, and rouge rivers


watershed report cards are powerful tools to describe ecosystem status, increase public awareness, and inform and influence decision makers to improve the health of a watershed. this is the first southeast michigan report card, which provides an overall socio-environmental assessment of southeast michigan based on the combined scores from six river watersheds: clinton, detroit, huron, river raisin, and rouge. this report card is the collective effort of dozens of stakeholders throughout southeast michigan. overall, southeast michigan earned a score of 49%, a c.



learn more













featured highlights
building resilience in the maryland coastal bays


the theme of this 2022 state of the coastal bays is building ecological resilience in the region. the structure of the state of the coastal bays is to 1) establish the challenge of climate change, 2) discuss various aspects of ecosystem health, 3) conceptualize key features and major threats and highlight features that increase health and resilience, and 4) discuss various aspects of resilience.



learn more













featured highlights
climate change and fiji coasts


the first-ever fiji socioenvironmental report card is now available! this report, released by the pacpath team, examines threats to fiji's communities and coasts and proposes actions to fight the impacts of climate change on the ocean and coastal livelihoods



learn more













featured highlights
2022 maryland coastal bays report card


the aim of this report card is to provide a transparent, timely, and geographically detailed assessment of 2022 coastal bays health. coastal bays health is defined as the progress of four water quality indicators (total nitrogen, total phosphorus, chlorophyll a, dissolved oxygen) and two biotic indicators (seagrass, hard clams) toward scientifically derived ecological thresholds or goals. the six indicators are combined into one overarching coastal bays health index, which is presented as the report card score. the coastal bays had an overall score of b- for 2022, an incremental improvement over last year.



learn more












2023/2024 chesapeake bay and watershed report card


report cards for the clinton, detroit, huron, river raisin, and rouge rivers


building resilience in the maryland coastal bays


climate change and fiji coasts


2022 maryland coastal bays report card



 








what's new











                blog post              




the role of local communities in tackling global environmental issues


conservation efforts have become highlighted with the incoming changes of ecological issues such as climate change. the emphasis on conservation efforts are mainly directed at governmental bodies that are able to enact legislative change.










                publication              




understanding linkages between coastal environment and community health


coastal environments face unique challenges that profoundly affect human well-being. stressors such as pollution, rising temperatures, flooding, harmful algal blooms (habs), and emerging contaminants threaten ecosystems and disproportionately impact vulnerable communities.










                project              




katahdin woods and waters national monument   - nrca


we are working with the national park service to understand the current condition of natural resources in katahdin woods and waters national monument (kaww). kaww was designated as a national monument in 2016 and protects 87,500 acres of mountains, forests, and rivers in northern maine.























umces links


home
about
campuses
news & events
directory
employment
research
press room








contact info
2020 horns point rd
cambridge, md 21613
410-221-2048
contact






enewsletter
subscribe to our enewsletter
 commentsubscribe 







				copyright 2025 umces | privacy/terms of use | an institution of the university system of maryland
			




