






	
		home
		 · worksafe new zealand - energy safety















you’re offline. this is a read only version of the page.























toggle navigation















										gas appliance supplier declaration 
								



										electricity and gas high-risk database
								



										notifications
								






















toggle navigation










 search
								


search gas supplier declarations


search high-risk database





apply




appliance supplier registration


electricity and gas practitioners





								sign in
								































gas appliance supplier declarations

                                the gas (safety & measurement) regulations 2010 (the regulations) set out the obligations for people supplying gas products in nz. the regulations require that the supplier (either an importer or a nz manufacturer) of any appliance must ensure they register on the gas appliance supplier declaration database (gasd) before they supply or offer for sale that appliance.
                            

                                the 2010 requirements apply to appliances imported or nz manufactured after 1 july 2013.
                            
read more







electrical and gas high-risk database

                                the electricity and gas high-risk database (eghr database) is a centralised record of high-risk gasfitting and installation prescribed electrical work (pew).
                            

                                information is entered by authorised people, including certifying gasfitters and electrical inspectors, or their delegates.
                            
read more







notifications
energy safety may investigate reports of unsafe gas or electrical installations and products. energy safety also investigates gas and electrical accidents that occur outside of the workplace. notifications of that sort may be made here.
read more





















about us


contact us


privacy


disclaimer


copyright






services


gas appliance supplier declarations


electrical and gas high-risk database






notifications


report an accident


report an unsafe installation


report an unsafe product






























© copyright 2025 worksafe
nzbn: 9429041926437



visit worksafe on facebook

visit worksafe on twitter

visit worksafe on linkedin

visit worksafe on instagram

visit worksafe on youtube


















