



colin fry, ron jordan, ray brown and other mediums, reveal their life and work on spiritsinc.












home
about us
what's new
the 7 principles
contact usletters
links
faq
humour
dvd's
dvd'sbuy now optionstestimonials
mediums / guides
colin fry
ray brown
ron jordan
irene sowter
les driver
all mediums
magnus
help with:
spirit rescue
bogus mediums
finding a medium
finding a circle




 

home
   |  what's 
    on the dvd's   | 
	colin fry | 
	ron jordan | 
	irene sowter | 
	ray brown |
	les driver | 
	clairvoyance | 
	
    press articles |   
	we can help | 
	 galleries   
welcome to spiritsinc 2023



click here for all  dvd productions and youtube 
      sampler videos.


passing over - colin fry
"when your physical form can no longer sustain you, the 
    process of release is a severing of the cord...we move into a great light. 
    moving into this light does not require that we go any distance...acceleration 
    into this light is often experienced as going through a tunnel...you will 
    move directly into the light where friends and family will come to greet you" 
    - magnus (guide of colin fry) 

we survive physical death. the proof and answers are all here, on this site 
    and within the series of dvds.

featuring mediums, colin fry, ron 
    jordan, ray brown, les driver and irene 
    sowter, spiritsinc aims to provide answers to the truth behind our continual existence and the afterlife with an an opportunity to acquire a 
    series of spiritual dvd's not available anywhere 
    else.
wide ranging in their content, these presentations are structured so as to not only help you understand how to enjoy this - our earthly - life 
    but also assist you in realising the process of transition to naturally prepare you for the joys of the next world. 


there is no mystery relating to life here or in the hereafter. our commitment to you then - is to establish, beyond reasonable doubt, that there 
    is life after death. that means dealing with facts, details, dates, specifics, and evidence in a non scientific way.
as sceptical as people are - and this is perfectly natural - spirit 
    contact really is above the test-tube scrutiny it is often plagued with. however, 
    it has become increasingly clear that science is now offering irrefutable evidence of an afterlife through quantum physics where previously according 
    to science, a bumble-bee shouldn't be able to fly!

 having attended many demonstrations of mediumship to prove "life 
    after death", i decided to record the meetings and spiritsinc  
    is about passing on this knowledge 
    so that you can make an informed decision which will totally transform your 
    way of thinking about life and the reason for our existence. above all however 
    this should also give reassurance that loved ones who have passed through 
    the 'veil' not only remain very much alive but also live happily in a far 
    more pleasant environment...
i hope you enjoy the site and are able to find most of the answers to your questions from either the information contained within or from the mediums, 
    links, and dvd's 
 - michael courtney-hunt
 colin fry


there are many fine trance mediums but one of the world's most outstanding was colin fry.
well known for his amazing clairvoyance, colin fry (a.k.a. 'lincoln') was 
    also an excellent physical medium.
an articulate man and fine exponent of spirit, you have witnessed very little 
    until you experience his breathtaking trance guide 'magnus' 
    from whom we can find the answers to the most common enquiries relating to 
    the here and the hereafter.
 
 
ray brown

healing became a way of life for a young ray brown. he continued to work 
    hard on developing his mediumship and finally, when he was 21, his trance 
    guide 'paul' came through and they have been working together ever since.
if you want to see healing "miracles" performed through psychic surgery, then watch the dvd spirit surgeon.
whether you believe in the healing power of spirit or not, the fact remains 
    is that it is a reality.
    again, another fine example of how spirit work through their medium to help 
    heal, educate and through their words allay our fear of death.
 




"death is a great lie. have no fear. what is there to fear. 
    there is nothing to fear except fear itself."
magnus - trance guide of colin fry

 
 dear michael, i previously purchased all your dvd's and found them very enlightening. they have helped me enormously day by day in helping 
    me to comprehend the reason for our existence - many thanks. derek r. - 
    tyne & wear. 


 katherine - australia: thank you michael for your fast and efficient 
    service and delivery. i've seen all your dvd's.
    the magnus guides trilogy is fantastic and found myself caught up in the emotion, having at times to fight back the tears.
	once again, thanks. more replies


home
   |  what's 
    on the dvd's   | 
	colin fry | 
	ron jordan | 
	irene sowter | 
	ray brown |
	les driver | 
	clairvoyance | 
	
    press articles |   
	we can help | 
	 galleries 

 © 2015 michael courtney-hunt independent media productions 
      - est. 1998 home
 

