


lesbian kama sutra



















    
	lesbian kama sutra
	
  
lesbiankamasutra.com explores lesbian sexual positions  with videos, photographs, explanatory text, drawings and tantra...probably the most revolutionary sapphic arts and lovers guide.





tuesday, july 23, 2019



	 
	 gentleman jack competition
	 
    



























send us your inspired artwork for our free gentleman jack chapter.  depict allegorical or romantic scenarios between anne lister and ann walker. all artists will be rewarded with a free 180 day membership to the members area

the winner of this competition will be the artist whose work is chosen for the gentleman jack chapter.

click lesbian kama sutra wanted page for submissions. select artist in residence, send your message first and attach image(s) to our reply

1st prize: a two-week holiday in a gay friendly traditional village in crete, greece. the accommodation is a lesbian owned and built luxury tiny house gypsy caravan set on a gorgeously private spot above the village.




posted by artist at 5:36 am
0 comments









	 
	 gentleman jack
	 
    




gentleman jack’s intimacy co-ordinator ita o'brien used lesbian kama sutra



gentleman jack’s intimacy coordinator used lesbian kama sutra




ita o'brien used lesbian kama sutra during her research for the sex scenes between anne lister and her lovers. ita told the sun newspaper, "i had to do quite a lot of research for 'gentleman jack'. i used the lesbian kama sutra...”
"the important thing was to have a template - if you have a text written by lesbians that explains what positions the women favour and how they make love, then you can really honour that.” the team behind lesbian kama sutra are tickled pink to be part of this awesome tv drama.







posted by artist at 5:27 am
0 comments






friday, february 03, 2017



	 
	 lesbian kama sutra is now available on smartphones, ipads and all other devices
	 
    



















we have relaunched with a completely new website keeping the overall structure of an online book. chapters are illustrated with videos, fine art photography, drawings, tantra insights and sexercises.

looking forward to celebrating with you!
rose and lilly

probably the most revolutionary sapphic arts and lovers guide
for the best lovers and anyone interested in sexual exploration
...all because lesbian love life matters.




posted by artist at 4:09 am
0 comments






friday, november 21, 2014



	 
	 view video for computers and complete chapter sample!
	 
    





"chapter positions" show the countless techniques of gorgeous lesbian lovemaking. 

click on photo to view chapter sample video below...



in each chapter we explore a lovemaking position in a generous bundle consisting of fine art photography with explanatory text, unique drawings, videos and tantric 'sexercises'.
view free chapter complete bundle - apples and pairs 






posted by artist at 1:56 am
0 comments






thursday, november 21, 2013



	 
	 new chapter spread eagle
	 
    







new chapter video and photography:
spread eagle
a lesbian kama sutra tantric position - tantra utilises the five senses to explore sensitivity and intimacy.





posted by artist at 1:48 am
0 comments






saturday, april 27, 2013



	 
	 new chapter breast friends
	 
    





new chapter video and photography:breast friends.tribad stimulation through vulva to vulva rubbing and grinding.




posted by artist at 9:10 am
0 comments









	 
	 new chapter venus to venus  
	 
    





new chapter video and photography:
venus to venus.
tribad stimulation through vulva to vulva rubbing and grinding. 




posted by artist at 9:01 am
0 comments






saturday, april 14, 2012



	 
	 lesbian lovemaking positions
	 
    



introducing new lesbian kama sutra chapters



view the latest chapters, they explore each lovemaking position with black and white art photography, video, fine art drawing, explanatory text and ‘sexercises’ with tantric exploration. we have created many exciting new lesbian kama sutra lovemaking chapters! you can view some here or visit them one by one from the list below:

 rimming - licking and caressing the anus 
 venus to venus - vulva rubbing with vulva. rubbing and grinding
cream tea time - making love cream in the afternoon
scissors - rotate your hips with pivoting legs into each other
zoning - foreplay, icing, chocolate sauce and heavy petting
octopussy sixty-nine - being up to your eyeballs in delicious slime
mount venus - climbing the venus mountain
gold fisting - fisting and all the faqs
come strap on! - strap on dildo lovemaking positions
female ejaculation - gushing, squirting eruption of love juice
like to lick - kissing, licking and caressing the vulva and clitoris
bivulvia - a kneeling scissors position for two vulvas
buttocking - rubbing and grinding on your lovers buttocks
on our backs - a sex positive missionary position
head over heels - a crazy head over heels in love position!


the chapters explore each lovemaking position with black and white art photography, video, fine art drawing, explanatory text and 'sexercises' with tantric exploration.

artwork by paula

paula is working closely with lesbian kama sutra to                                                                              illustrate the  numerous lovemaking positions.

she has produced fine art limited edition  lino cuts and etchings from the live video sessions. the drawings  capture movement and intimacy to translate the rhythm of love into line  and colour.
enjoy your lks! big kiss,
rose and lilly





posted by artist at 11:58 pm
0 comments






friday, may 13, 2011



	 
	 view video lks lovemaking position "bosom buddies"
	 
    



       no soundvisit our kama sutra index for the countless techniques of lesbian lovemaking positions.




all chapters consist of a gorgeous and explicit on-line video showing the intricacies of each lovemaking position.



selected for each chapter is a fabulous drawing illustrating the lovemaking position.



be inspired by the lesbian tantra ‘sexercise’ or meditations written for everyone keen on slow spiritual exploration.











view hundreds of non-exploitative photographs of women being intimate with each other.


unlock the secrets of lesbian lovemaking and become a lesbian super lover. view apples and pairs, a lesbiankamasutra chapter sample







we would like to receive your lesbian sexual positions, tips and techniques to add to this volume of lesbian kama sutra. please send them here












posted by artist at 4:08 am
1 comments






tuesday, march 29, 2011



	 
	 no shame vulva’s exhibition
	 
    



 this lesbian kama sutra on-line exhibition represents an archive of abstract, metaphorical, poetic and anatomical vulvas. 

our on-line gallery celebrates our lack of shame. we are shamelessly proud of our sexual organ!ancient hindus preceded thomas gräfenberg  by calling the g. spot "saspanda" and the female ejaculation is called "kama salila".how to do a self- exploration of your vulva...
visit hello fanny, how do you do? for an encyclopedic study of your clitoris, labia, urethra, vagina, p.c.muscle, perineum and g spot…



posted by artist at 4:54 am
1 comments






saturday, december 11, 2010



	 
	 view the latest lovemaking chapters 
	 
    






view the latest lovemakingchapters we have some great news, we've created many
exciting new chapters. you can view them here or
visit them one by one from the list below:


titillating -  titillating breasts to touch


fingersmithing - fierce simultaneous
     finger fucking


 the chapters explore each lovemaking position with black and
white art photography, video, fine art drawing, explanatory text and
'sexercises' with tantric exploration. 


apples and pairs brand new free
chapter breast rubbing and kissing in a 69 position. 


 sapphosophy news lesbian vulvic
treasure lesbian treasure _unt (h*unt beginning with c*) identifying vulvic treasure look-a-likes to share. view – no shame vulvas















posted by artist at 5:28 am
0 comments






sunday, march 11, 2007



	 
	 is your sapphic love alive?
	 
    





is your sapphic love alive? visit our lesbian lovemaking position in kama sutra.

...probably the most revolutionary sapphic arts and lovers guide. lesbian kama sutra explores lesbian sexual positions in chapters with on-line videos, photographs, explanatory text, drawings and tantra. contribute to our arts archive sapphosophy.





posted by artist at 3:50 pm
0 comments






monday, april 10, 2006



	 
	 new lesbian kama sutra newsletter
	 
    






















latest newsletter
all because lesbian love life matters. the lks concept is dependent on the world wide exchange of experience, fun and knowledge…                                                                                        
six months access to lesbian lovemaking positions. in each chapter we offer you a bundle consisting of a video clip, photos, explanatory text, a drawing and tantra.




posted by artist at 7:44 am
0 comments






sunday, february 26, 2006



	 
	 sapphosophy arts archive
	 
    


sapphosophy is an archive of lesbian related material contributed  by our visitors. we believe that the most powerful aphrodisiac for women is the  mind; an intelligent gentle, powerful mind.we at lesbian kama sutra feel very strongly  about providing stimulation for the thinking woman as well as for the sexual and  spiritual one.we have provided sapphosophy for the thinking woman, sexions for  the sexy woman and lesbian tantra for the spiritual woman. we hope to inspire  the mind body and soul.visit the sapphic archive sapphosophy lesbiankamasutra's on-line arts archive



posted by artist at 2:04 pm
0 comments









	 
	 participate in lesbiankamasutra!
	 
    


participate in lesbiankamasutra!do you have any sex tips you would like to share with us to add to our growing collection? view the latest up and coming orgasm technology, choose from our sex tips pages for ideas.



posted by artist at 1:40 pm
0 comments









	 
	 beautiful erotic prints for sale
	 
    


artwork by paulapaula is working closely with lesbian kama sutra to illustrate the numerous lovemaking positions.she has produced fine art limited edition lino cuts and etchings from the live video sessions. the drawings capture movement and intimacy to translate the rhythm of love into line and colour.



posted by artist at 12:57 pm
0 comments






tuesday, february 21, 2006



	 
	 lesbian kama sutra tantra
	 
    




lilly and rose, the founders of lks, are well aware of the lack of non-exploitative lesbian erotica available to women. it is with this knowledge and a desire to produce high-quality female erotica that can be viewed by women, without any feelings of shame that lesbian kama sutra was born."...we are not pornographers, lesbiankamasutra.com is a high quality sex site for lesbians and we are in no way interested in competing with the heterosexual pornographic industry or web sites. we hope to create a lesbian feminist alternative, a sapph-ornographic site. the alternative we offer you shows lesbians performing sex as lovers and not actors. we do not intend to be exploitative or abusive. we have developed material that we hope is in no way offensive."

latest newslettervisit lesbian kama sutra tantrahow can tantra be lesbian? we have developed tantric lesbian love or lesbiankamasutra tantra, different from the hetero sexual tantra. we have lesbian interpretations of tantric philosophies and meditations. we have concocted our own idiosyncratic meditations and exercises. we have taken a tiny aspect of the tantra teachings as a tool to aid self-knowledge, especially the aspects dedicated to the body and the unburdening of conditioned reflexes so that we can learn the tantric methods for ourselves and benefit from it as lesbians.tantra is an ancient spiritual path that predates many of the worlds established religions. although strands have emerged within established religious doctrines it is not itself a religion, as it requires no prior belief, but simply a willingness to investigate.



the earliest teachers of tantra were often women, especially those who earned their livelihood as washer women (dombi) and other women from lower castes. one such guru was 'lady in saffron' who was a coconut vendor and apparently an accomplished tantric adept. tantra is a method of investigation, it is a way of living that helps us to open our hearts and minds and celebrate the whole of life.tantra is essentially the marriage of energy and consciousness. the heterosexual tantric symbol is of yab yum: a picture of a male and female deity in divine sexual embrace, which represents the union of pure energy, the female deity or goddess, with pure consciousness, the male deity or god. we have decided to invent a lesbian tantric symbol yum yum: a picture of two female deities in a cosmic spiritual sexual embrace, which represents the union of pure energy with pure consciousness.


visit tantra 






posted by artist at 6:31 pm
0 comments












links

latest lks updates
visit home
visit guide
about lks
tantra
sapphosophy
about us
lks newsletter

previous posts

gentleman jack competition
gentleman jack
lesbian kama sutra is now available on smartphones...
view video for computers and complete chapter sample!
new chapter spread eagle
new chapter breast friends
new chapter venus to venus
lesbian lovemaking positions
view video lks lovemaking position "bosom buddies"
no shame vulva’s exhibition

archives

february 2006
april 2006
march 2007
december 2010
march 2011
may 2011
april 2012
april 2013
november 2013
november 2014
february 2017
july 2019















 





   this site is a member of webring. to browse visit  here. 

















[ 
 next
| 
 random
|
 list
]
temenos.net| outgroups.com