


freitas homepage








robert a. freitas jr.



 




 
 senior research fellow, institute 
        for molecular manufacturing 




e-mail address:

              business mail address:
 personal home page:
              nanomedicine book site:
              nanomedicine page:
              nanomedicine art gallery:
              molecular assembler site: 
              freitas wikipedia page: 

 
rfreitas 
              at rfreitas dot com

              box 605, pilot hill, california 95664 usa
 http://www.rfreitas.com
http://www.nanomedicine.com
http://www.foresight.org/nanomedicine
http://www.foresight.org/nanomedicine/gallery

http://www.molecularassembler.com

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/robert_freitas



 


robert 
  a. freitas jr., j.d., published the first detailed technical design 
  study of a medical nanorobot ever published in a peer-reviewed mainstream 
  biomedical journal and is the author of nanomedicine, 
  the first book-length technical discussion of the medical applications of nanotechnology 
  and medical nanorobotics. volume 
  i was published in october 1999 by landes 
  bioscience while freitas was a research 
  fellow at the institute for molecular manufacturing 
  (imm) in palo alto, california. freitas 
  published volume iia in 
  october 2003 with landes bioscience 
  while serving as a research 
  scientist at zyvex corp., a nanotechnology 
  company headquartered in richardson, texas during 2000-2004. freitas 
  is now completing nanomedicine volumes iib 
  and iii and is also consulting 
  on diamond 
  mechanosynthesis, molecular 
  assembler design, and nanofactory 
  implementation as senior research fellow at imm. 
  he won the 2009 
  feynman prize in nanotechnology for theory, the 2007 
  foresight prize in communication, the 2006 
  guardian award from lifeboat foundation, the 2005 
  harold ellis award from the international journal of surgery, and was awarded 
  the first patent 
  on diamond mechanosynthesis on 30 march 2010.
 


50-word 
      bio 
100-word 
      bio
150-word 
      bio
experience/education 
      (cv)




250-word 
      bio
250-word 
      journal bio
wtn 
      bio 
bio 
      (russian language)




interview 
      (september 1999) 
pr. release 
      (march 2000)
interview 
      (august 2000) 
interview 
      (september 2000) 




interview 
      (july 2004)
olson 
      interview - pt. 1 (6 october 2005)
olson 
      interview - pt. 2 (6 october 2005)
technology 
      review interview (german language, april 2006)




lifeboat 
      interview (april 2007)
 ray 
      kurzweil interviews robert freitas (30 may 2007)
google 
      scholar citations
current bio




alcor 
      q&a (2008) p. 9
 harvey 
      mudd college bio (2017)
wikipedia 
      page
alcor 
      scholar profile (2022)


 
“robert freitas has pioneered 
  the study and communication of the benefits to be obtained from an advanced 
  nanomedicine that will be made possible by molecular manufacturing. he has also 
  worked to develop and communicate a path from our current technology base to 
  a future technology base that will enable advanced nanomedicine.”
 -- dr. pearl chin, president, foresight institute, upon awarding 
  the 2007 foresight prize 
  in communication to freitas on 9 october 2007
 
“the winner of the 2009 
  feynman prize for theory is robert a. freitas jr., in recognition of his pioneering 
  theoretical work in mechanosynthesis in which he proposed specific molecular 
  tools and analyzed them using ab initio quantum chemistry to validate their 
  ability to build complex molecular structures. this prize also recognizes his 
  previous work in systems design of molecular machines, including replicating 
  molecular manufacturing systems which should eventually be able to make large 
  atomically precise products economically and the design of medical nanodevices 
  which should eventually revolutionize medicine.”
 -- foresight institute press 
  release, announcing award of the 2009 
  feynman prize in nanotechnology for theory to freitas on 6 october 2009
 
“the 
  term nanomedicine emerged in 1999, the year when american scientist robert a. 
  freitas jr. published nanomedicine: basic capabilities, the first of two volumes 
  he dedicated to the subject. extending american scientist k. eric drexler’s 
  vision of molecular assemblers with respect to nanotechnology, nanomedicine 
  was depicted as facilitating the creation of nanobot devices (nanoscale-sized 
  automatons) that would navigate the human body searching for and clearing disease....”
 -- “nanomedicine,”encyclopedia 
  britannica, 2 august 2016
 
“the 
  term 'nanomedicine' was put forward by eric drexler and robert freitas jr. in 
  the 1990s to signify the application of nanotechnology in medicine.”
 -- sun m, sen gupta a. vascular 
  nanomedicine: current status, opportunities, and challenges. semin thromb 
  hemost. 2019 jun 14.
 

 
active research interests:
 
nanomedicine. 
  the most important applications of machine-phase nanotechnology will be in medicine. 
  not only will human health, comfort, safety, and pleasure be vastly improved, 
  but nanomedicine could dramatically extend the lifespan of the individual human 
  being and greatly expand the possibilities of the human form. in 1996, i authored 
  the first detailed technical design 
  study of a medical nanorobot ever published in a peer-reviewed 
  mainstream biomedical journal. now i’m trying to help lay the technical 
  foundations for the future field of medical nanorobotics by conducting theoretical 
  analyses of specific nanomedical systems and by writing a 4-volume technical 
  book series entitled nanomedicine. 
  this book series looks at all relevant issues including basic engineering capabilities, 
  biocompatibility, systems and operations of medical nanorobots, clinical applications, 
  and ethical issues. the first two volumes – i 
  (1999) and iia (2003) 
  – are now published. the remaining two volumes of nanomedicine 
  are in progress, and a compilation of medical 
  nanorobot technical designs can be found at my nanomedicine.com 
  website. please also visit my nanomedicine 
  page – the first active site on the web for nanomedicine-related information, 
  research, and links, including medical 
  nanorobotics – which was hosted for me by the foresight 
  institute until 2021. the nanomedicine 
  page includes a nontechnical 
  nanomedicine faq and hundreds of links to articles, 
  papers, 
  websites, 
  people 
  and organizations 
  who are active in the field of nanomedicine. in 2010, i published 
  a comprehensive summary of the application of medical nanorobotics to health 
  care and anti-aging (extreme longevity).





  

nanomedicine, 
          vol. i: basic capabilities (landes 
          bioscience, 1999). 
          the first volume of the nanomedicine 
          book series describes the set of basic capabilities of molecular machine 
          systems that may be required by many, if not most, medical nanorobotic 
          devices, including the physical, chemical, thermodynamic, mechanical, 
          and biological limits of such devices. specific topics include the abilities 
          to recognize, sort and transport important molecules; sense the environment; 
          alter shape or surface texture; generate onboard energy to power effective 
          robotic functions; communicate with doctors, patients, and other nanorobots; 
          navigate throughout the human body; manipulate microscopic objects and 
          move about inside a human body; and timekeep, perform computations, 
          disable living cells and viruses, and operate at various pressures and 
          temperatures.
read 
          text free online ..... purchase 
          hardcover online ..... purchase 
          softcover online .....  
          purchase softcover online ..... purchase directly from landes 
          bioscience ..... chapter 
          3 (early version, foresight institute) ..... japanese language version 
          (cover only, 
          html)
 review by gregory 
          m fahy, ph.d. and here; 
          review by lawrence 
          rosenberg, m.d., ph.d.; see all 
          reviews. see note 
          regarding left-handed dna depicted in cover art.




 





  
nanomedicine, 
        vol. iia: biocompatibility (landes 
        bioscience, 2003). 
        the safety, effectiveness, and utility of medical nanorobotic devices 
        will critically depend upon their biocompatibility with human organs, 
        tissues, cells, and biochemical systems. in this second volume of the 
        nanomedicine technical book series, we broaden the definition of nanomedical 
        biocompatibility to include all of the mechanical, physiological, immunological, 
        cytological, and biochemical responses of the human body to the introduction 
        of artificial medical nanodevices, whether “particulate” (large 
        doses of independent micron-sized individual nanorobots) or “bulk” 
        (nanorobotic organs assembled either as solid objects or built up from 
        trillions of smaller artificial cells or docked nanorobots inside the 
        body) in form.
read 
          text free online ..... purchase 
          hardcover online ..... advance purchase directly from landes 
          bioscience ..... subscription 
          version online at eurekah.com (pdf)
see all 
          reviews




 





  
nanomedicine, 
        vol. iib: systems and operations (in preparation). this volume 
        will consider systems-level technical requirements in the design and operation 
        of medical nanodevices, including: scaling factors and general design 
        principles; control issues including teleoperation and haptic controllers, 
        swarm motions, autogenous control systems, and various operational protocols; 
        repair, replacement, and reliability; molecular machine system architectures 
        and deployment configurations such as nano-organs, medical utility fogs, 
        and replicators; methods of nanorobotic ingress and egress from the human 
        body; possible nanodevice failure modes, environmental interactions, side 
        effects of nanomedical treatments, nanodevice software bugs and other 
        safety issues; classes of medical nanosystems such as instruments, tools, 
        and diagnostic systems; specific medical nanorobot devices; rapid mechanical 
        reading and editing of chromatin and protein macromolecules; and complex 
        nanorobotic systems for cell repair, tissue and organ manufacturing, and 
        personal defense. 



 





  
nanomedicine, 
        vol. iii: applications (in preparation). this volume will 
        consider the full range of nanomedical applications which employ molecular 
        nanotechnology inside the human body, from the perspective of a future 
        practitioner in an era of widely available nanomedicine, including: rapid 
        cardiovascular repair; treatments for pathogenic disease and cancer; responses 
        to physical traumas, burns and radiation exposures, with new methods of 
        first aid, surgery, and emergency or critical care; neurography, spinal 
        restoration and brain repair; improved nutrition and digestion; sex, reproduction, 
        and population issues; cosmetics, recreation, veterinary and space medicine; 
        strategies for biostasis and the control of aging processes; human augmentation 
        systems; regulatory and sociological issues, implementation timelines, 
        and the future of hospitals, pharmaceutical companies, and the medical 
        profession. 



 





  
cryostasis 
        revival  (alcor life extension foundation, 2022). cryostasis 
        is an emergency medical procedure in which a human patient is placed in 
        biological stasis at cryogenic temperatures. a cryopreserved patient can 
        be maintained in this condition indefinitely without suffering additional 
        degradation, but cannot yet be revived using currently available technology. 
        this book presents the first comprehensive conceptual protocol for revival 
        from human cryopreservation, using medical nanorobots. the revival methods 
        presented in this book involve three stages: (1) collecting information 
        from preserved structure, (2) computing how to fix damaged structure, 
        and (3) implementing the repair procedure using nanorobots manufactured 
        in a nanofactory – a system for atomically precise manufacturing 
        that is now becoming visible on the technological horizon.
 



 
 
 
molecular 
  assemblers and nanofactories. molecular nanotechnology involves 
  the ability to build structures that are permitted by physical laws, to molecular 
  precision. i am primarily interested in positional assembly, which is a deterministic 
  process in which the components used in a construction are held in known positions 
  and are constrained to follow desired intermediate physical pathways during 
  the entire construction sequence. this is the future technology that may enable 
  us to build medical nanorobots. programmable positional assembly at the molecular 
  scale is the central mechanism for achieving both great flexibility and the 
  ultimate in precision and quality in manufacturing. a proposal for the next 
  logical r&d step is here, 
  and a technical bibliography for research on positional mechanosynthesis is 
  available here. 
  the other key to practical molecular manufacturing is the ability to fabricate 
  massive quantities of molecularly precise structures, or to assemble larger 
  objects from vast numbers of molecularly precise smaller objects – that 
  is, massively parallel assembly. the end result of this development process 
  will be a basic molecular assembler that employs machine-phase nanotechnology 
  (e.g., nanoscale gears, struts, springs, motors, casings) to fabricate molecularly 
  precise diamondoid structures, following a set of instructions to build a desired 
  specific design. with ralph merkle, i’ve undertaken theoretical analyses 
  of possible molecular assembler systems. i’m co-authoring at least three 
  technical books describing the 
  results of this research. the first book, kinematic 
  self-replicating machines, was published in october 2004 and was available 
  at a substantial prepublication discount directly from landes bioscience. 
  the second volume, diamond 
  surfaces and diamond mechanosynthesis, is in progress and should be published 
  in 2009-10. the third volume, fundamentals of 
  nanomechanical engineering originally to be co-authored with j. storrs hall, 
  is still in preparation and might be published in 2009-10. our international 
  research collaborations, ultimately leading toward the development of a working 
  nanofactory, are described at the nanofactory 
  collaboration website.





  

kinematic 
          self-replicating machines (landes 
          bioscience, 2004). this book 
          offers a general review of the voluminous theoretical and experimental 
          literature pertaining to physical self-replicating systems and self-replication. 
          the principal focus here is on self-replicating machine systems. most 
          importantly, we are concerned with kinematic self-replicating machines: 
          systems in which actual physical objects, not mere patterns of information, 
          undertake their own replication. following a brief burst of activity 
          in the 1950s and 1980s, the field of kinematic replicating systems design 
          received new interest in the 1990s with the emerging recognition of 
          the feasibility of molecular nanotechnology. the field has experienced 
          a renaissance of research activity since 1999 as researchers have come 
          to recognize that replicating systems are simple enough to permit experimental 
          laboratory demonstrations of working devices.
read 
          text free online ..... purchase 
          hardcover online ..... purchase 
          hardcover online ..... advance discount purchase directly from landes 
          bioscience ..... german 
          translation of chapter 1 (html)
see all 
          reviews




 





  

diamond 
          surfaces and diamond mechanosynthesis (in preparation). 
          a full analysis of how to use programmable positional assembly to synthesize 
          most arrangements of atoms permitted by physical law would be, at present, 
          prohibitively complex. a more manageable project is to analyze a significant 
          class of stiff hydrocarbons – in particular, diamond – that 
          could potentially be synthesized by the use of a small set of positionally 
          controlled mechanosynthetic tool tips. there is already widespread interest 
          in the exceptional properties of diamond such as extreme hardness, high 
          strength and stiffness, high thermal conductivity, low frictional coefficient, 
          chemical inertness, and a wide bandgap. the molecular surface characteristics 
          of diamond were extensively investigated both theoretically and experimentally 
          in the 1990s, and many practical questions about the molecular structure 
          of diamond surfaces have now been resolved. the fields of diamond cvd 
          and adamantane chemistry provide additional understanding, both experimental 
          and theoretical, of the myriad reaction mechanisms which can contribute 
          to the growth of diamond.
a technical bibliography for research on positional 
          mechanosynthesis is available here. 
          the first patent ever issued on positional diamond mechanosynthesis 
          is available here, 
          and the second filed patent covers material described in this 
          paper. see also the nanofactory 
          collaboration website for the larger context of this research.




 





  

fundamentals of nanomechanical engineering (in 
          preparation). this course textbook, intended for use by 2nd 
          or 3rd year college students in advanced engineering programs, will 
          provide a solid grounding in the practical design of molecular scale 
          machines composed of rigid covalent solids, with a strong emphasis on 
          diamond and diamondoid materials. after an introduction to the unique 
          aspects of nanoscale machinery and a review of the computational tools 
          currently available to assist such designs, the mechanical characteristics 
          of key materials and the fundamentals of load, stress, stiffness, and 
          mechanical failure in nanoscale machinery will be explored in detail. 
          this will be followed by discussions and examples of specific nanomechanical 
          components and compound machines including bearings, fasteners, gears, 
          linkages, drive mechanisms, motors and pumps, mechanical energy controllers, 
          sensors, and programmable materials.




 
 
 
machine 
  self-replication. a self-replicating machine system achieves 
  massively parallel assembly first by fabricating copies of itself, and allowing 
  those copies to fabricate further copies, resulting in a rapid increase in the 
  total number of systems. once the population of replicated manipulator systems 
  is deemed large enough, the manipulator population is redirected to produce 
  useful product objects, rather than more copies of itself. following john von 
  neumann’s pioneering theoretical studies of kinematic replicating systems 
  in the 1940s and 1950s, i served as nasa/asee research fellow and study editor 
  for the 1980 nasa-sponsored study entitled advanced 
  automation for space missions (nasa cp-2255), the first technical engineering 
  study of kinematic self-replicating machines ever published. recently i’ve 
  co-authored a book-length survey (due to be published in 2003) of kinematic 
  self-replicating machine systems, including both theoretical and experimental 
  work in this reawakening field. my interest is focused on the context of molecular 
  assembler design.





  

advanced 
          automation for space missions (ntis, 
          1982). this is the final report of the 1980 nasa/asee sponsored 
          study of self-replicating lunar factories. it was the first technical 
          engineering study of kinematic self-replicating machines ever published, 
          and introduced new concepts such as qualitative and quantitative closure 
          (and “vitamin parts”) in self-replicating machine systems 
          design.
read text 
          free online ..... pdf 
          version online 




 

other research interests:
xenology and seti (search 
  for extra-terrestrial intelligence). in the 
  1970s i wrote a semi-technical book on this subject, entitled xenology 
  (~500,000 words, ~150 illustrations, 4000+ references). the material in this 
  book, initially published only partially as a handful of articles but now entirely 
  available online, was privately circulated 
  and collected critical comments from such notables as edward o. wilson, stanley 
  l. miller, sidney w. fox, cyril ponnamperuma, stephen h. dole, j. desmond clark, 
  barney m. oliver, frank d. drake, ronald bracewell, and robert l. forward.





  

xenology: an introduction to the scientific 
          study of extraterrestrial life, intelligence, and civilization (copyright 
          1979). topics include the history of the idea of extraterrestrial 
          life; comparative planetology, stars, and galaxies; xenobiology (definition/origin 
          of life, exotic biochemistries, and possible alien bioenergetics, biomechanics, 
          sensations, reproduction, and intelligence); extraterrestrial civilizations 
          (energy sources, biotechnology, interstellar travel, alien weapons, 
          planetary and stellar engineering, xenosociology, and extraterrestrial 
          governments and culture); interstellar communication techniques; and 
          the sociology, legal issues, and appropriate interaction protocols pertaining 
          to first contact.
read text free online 
          ..... tony 
          lutz version (all 
          chapters) (whole 
          book download)




other interests 
  include: (1) quantitative cliodynamics (aka. “psychohistory”), including 
  econometrics and financial 
  forecasting; (2) structures and models of universal 
  ethical systems; and (3) j.r.r. 
  tolkien studies.
 
 
 

  
selected publications




  
diamond mechanosynthesis 
        tooltips (2002-10). computational design study of a 
        new class of carbon dimer placement tool tips that might be useful for 
        performing positionally-controlled diamond mechanosynthesis (dms). first 
        complete dms tooltip ever proposed; also, first dms tooltip computationally 
        demonstrated to work on a diamond surface. 
ralph c. merkle, robert a. freitas jr., “theoretical 
          analysis of a carbon-carbon dimer placement tool for diamond mechanosynthesis,” 
          j. nanosci. nanotechnol. 3(august 2003):319-324; prev. paper 
          presented at the 10th foresight conference on molecular nanotechnology, 
          october 2002.
 conference 
          abstract (html) ..... full 
          paper (pdf) ..... full 
          paper (html) ..... full 
          paper (pdf) ..... subsequent 
          2004 paper i (pdf, 3 mb) .....  
          2004 paper ii (pdf, 2 mb) .....  
          2004 dms lecture (html, 1.7 mb) ..... 2004 
          patent application (html, 0.93 mb) ..... 2006 
          paper iii (pdf, 1 mb) ..... 2008 
          minimal toolset paper (pdf, 6.5 mb) ..... first 
          patent on dms, issued 30 march 2010 (pdf, 1.2 mb) 




 



  
microbivores 
        (2001, 2005). detailed scaling study of a nanorobot-based 
        artificial white cell (a mechanical phagocyte).
robert a. freitas jr., “microbivores: artificial 
          mechanical phagocytes using digest and discharge protocol,” j. 
          evol. technol. 14(april 2005):1-52; orig. zyvex preprint, march 
          2001.
full 
          paper (html) ..... full 
          paper (pdf) ..... full 
          paper (early version, html) ..... summary 
          article (html) ..... summary 
          article (html) ..... 
          russian translation 
          summary article (html) ..... nanomedicine 
          art gallery images 









  

nanodentistry (2000). 
          first front cover of a peer-reviewed mainstream medical journal (journal 
          of the american dental association) for a paper on medical nanorobotics.
robert a. freitas jr., “nanodentistry,” 
          j. amer. dent. assoc. 131(november 2000):1559-1566. (cover 
          story)
pubmed 
          abstract (html) ..... full 
          paper (pdf, 0.3 mb) ..... excerpt 
          from paper (html) ..... nanomedicine 
          art gallery images 
 








  

ecophagy (2000). the best 
          defense against the deliberate abuse of molecular nanotechnology is 
          preparedness and vigilance -- early detection is the key to an effective 
          defense. "as far as i know, this article by mr. freitas was the 
          first detailed, published analysis of the so-called ‘gray goo’ 
          problem.” – bill joy, the sciences 40(november/december 
          2000):3
robert a. freitas jr., “some limits to global 
          ecophagy by biovorous nanoreplicators, with public policy recommendations,” 
          zyvex preprint, april 2000.
 full 
          paper (html) ..... summary 
          article (html) ..... french 
          translation full paper (rtf) ..... lifeboat 
          foundation full paper (html)








  
respirocytes 
        (1998). detailed scaling study of a nanorobot-based 
        artificial red cell (a mechanical erythrocyte) – first medical nanorobot 
        design paper ever published in a peer-reviewed mainstream medical journal. 
        
robert a. freitas jr., “exploratory design in medical nanotechnology: 
          a mechanical artificial red cell,” artif. cells, blood subst., 
          and immobil. biotech. 26(1998):411-430.

 pubmed 
          abstract (html) ..... full 
          paper (html) ..... summary 
          article (html) ..... french 
          translation full paper (pdf) ..... russian 
          translation article extract (html)..... nanomedicine 
          art gallery images ..... award-winning 
          animation (imm website) ..... award-winning 
          animation (phlesch bubble website) 




 
 
 

 
complete list of publications 
  (627 items)
nanomedicine, 
  nanorobotics, nanofactories, molecular assemblers and machine-phase nanotechnology 
  (1993-present) (167 items) 
astronomy, 
  seti/xenology, machine self-replication, science, law and ethics (1976-1991) 
  (80 items)
financial 
  forecasting, econometrics, and investment (1988-1997) 
  (381 items)
 
 
 

 
nanomedicine art gallery



please 
        visit my nanomedicine 
        art gallery (hosted for me by the foresight 
        institute 
        until 2021), which i created and continue to serve as curator. the gallery 
        is the first and most complete online collection of original and previously-published 
        nanomedicine-related images, artwork, graphics, and animations ever assembled, 
        with an emphasis on medical nanorobotics. there are also hundreds of useful 
        links to images and websites related to nanomedicine, nanotechnology, 
        medical visualization and simulation, and microbiology.


 
 

freitas homepage last updated on 30 
  january 2025
copyright 1996-2025. all rights reserved.
 
 


