


charity web design. affordable websites for charities, salisbury

























































skip to content. ⤶
skip to footer. ⤶

skip to 'let's talk'.  ⤶






start your project
office: 01747 832 243



























menu

















home
about us

how we work
our process
testimonials


charity web design

charity microsites
support plans


our services

web development
content management
budget websites packages
seo & social media


our work
journal
get a quote!
search 









suspiremedia
affordable, organised, easy to manage websiteslearn more





bespoke web design
take a peek through our portfolio of work.browse ...





charity websites
creating charity & nonprofit websites for over 22 years.details


















affordable website design for charities, nonprofits, and small businesses
we're an ethical web design agency based near salisbury, wiltshire. we specialise in designing affordable, easy-to-manage websites customised to the needs of charities and nonprofits.



we believe that your message is the cornerstone of your website. it should be crystal clear, easily managed, and custom-designed for your specific audience.
therefore, it is essential that your message is presented within an organised, stylish, and responsive website. we understand the value of your message; let us help you share it.
get a quote!



bespoke web design and support for charities, nonprofits, and small businesses since 2001!
suspire media was established in london in 2001 with a central mission: to provide bespoke web design solutions that are both cost-effective and of high quality. initially dedicated to serving nonprofit organisations and small businesses in and around london.
now situated near the historic city of salisbury, wiltshire, our services extend well beyond our initial london-centric focus. while we maintain a primary collaboration with charitable organisations in the capital, our portfolio has expanded to include website development services for a diverse clientele. this encompasses charities, small businesses, and individuals across the entire uk.







charity & nonprofit spotlight
a small selection of featured charity websites.









like our web design work?
if you like what you see, why not download our website planner, explore our portfolio, or get in touch? there's no hard sell and we assure you that you will not receive pushy follow-up calls or unwanted emails.


share on twitter
share on facebook
share on linkedin
view our work





sofronie - homepage screenshot
london foundation
sofronie foundation
type: london charity/foundation
the sofronie website is a large, content-driven site featuring colour-coded sections, dual-language support, and rotating masthead photography.

sapphire  - homepage screenshot
london housing charity
just gone live! sapphire
type: housing and homelessness support
sapphire independent housing is proud to provide affordable housing and support services across north & west london and hertfordshire.

parkinson's africa - homepage screenshot
pan-african charity
parkinson's africa
type: parkinson's charity
parkinson's africa is a registered charity dedicated to empowering africans affected by parkinson's disease. watch video

wfsa - homepage screenshot
london health charity
wfsa
type: london based global health charity
the wfsa is a large, content-driven international website that features a sortable members' database, news, blog, and social media feeds.









website design services
view all services





custom web design for charities, nonprofits and businesses
we believe that a website can only truly succeed if it accurately reflects the distinctive nature of the company or organisation it represents. as each web design project is unique, we always start from scratch, avoiding off-the-shelf, third party templates or bloated third-party frameworks. instead, we opt for good, old-fashioned, handcrafted websites.
read bespoke design ← swipe →website content management systems
keeping your website up-to-date with fresh content, including page copy, news, files, and photos, is essential. but what if you want to do more? what if you need to make structural changes to your website, such as adjusting the page layout, adding or removing content columns, or repositioning site elements? why we recommend processwire.
read cms ← swipe →maintenance and support plans
for our valued active clients, we are proud to offer you 100% free access to our telephone support. your success is our priority, and we're here to assist you every step of the way. but we understand that sometimes you may require additional support. that's why suspire media has developed a range of cost-effective, affordable website backup and maintenance service plans.
keep reading - support plans ← swipe →charity microsites for conference, campaign and annual reports
a microsite is a carefully crafted, single-page website used as a standalone promotional tool. it can be accessed either from a parent website or through a dedicated domain name. a single-page microsite offers a cost-effective way to launch appeals, conferences, campaigns, or annual reports.
read microsites ← swipe →seo for nonprofits
create and manage online donation pages from within your cms. adjust suggested donations and build fundraising campaigns that include donation progress bars, photos, email marketing, and multimedia.
read seo ← swipe →budget websites for small businesses and creatives
to cater to the needs of those with more modest budgets, we have developed a small range of startup packages. these packages combine modular-based template website development with bespoke design, providing a comprehensive website solution. the pricing structure is simple and includes a content management system (cms), site planning, and website hosting.
keep reading startup sites ← swipe →donation & fundraising tools for charities
create and manage online donations pages from within your cms. tweak suggested donations and build fundraising campaigns that include donation progress bars, photos, email marketing and multimedia.
read charities ← swipe →



latest charity website projects
view more work







dementia concern
london based dementia charitydementia concern, ealing
charity, london, uk
just gone live! dementia concern is a london-based charity dedicated to empowering individuals living with dementia and their carers. through comprehensive dementia care services and practical support, the organisation helps them maintain independence and quality of life.
primary services provided: content consultation, seo, cms, donation, custom design, filters, news.
visit website
← swipe →





charity website screenshot
uk homeless charitystepping stone projects
charity & nonprofit, rochdale, uk
stepping stone projects provides accommodation and support to care leavers, people who are homeless and those currently at risk of losing their homes.
primary services provided: seo, cms, custom design, google maps, news and events.
read about this website
← swipe →





novus ipad screenshot.
on a tight budget?budget web design packages
simple, affordable, complete website packages
we are pleased to present three budget-friendly packages tailored to meet your specific needs. catera, designed for creatives and businesses; novus, catering to photographers and artists; and kolur, ideal for small businesses and charities.
primary services: artists, photographer, businesses, creatives and charities.
budget websites
← swipe →





nonprofit website. mkmoney - tablet screenshot
uk financial support charitymk money lifeline
charity, milton keynes nonprofit org
debt has a massive impact on individuals: it can provoke feelings of fear, shame, guilt, and anger, making it feel like being in a prison with no way out. mk money lifeline offers a debt advice service for anyone in need in milton keynes. mk money lifeline has been operating as a charity since 2012.
primary services provided: seo, cms, custom design, instagram, google maps.
read website summary
← swipe →






testimonials
read more testimonials.


trafford carers, uk
i began working with suspire media in 2021 to design a brand-new website for the charity i work for. the first time i spoke to leeroy, he wanted to find out as much information as possible about the charity. devan storey.
trafford carers centre is a manchester-based charityparkinsonsafrica.org
leeroy's time and effort in assisting us with the development of our website is greatly appreciated. we are pleased with the final product and look forward to using our new website. thank you! tania park.
pan-african parkinson's disease charitysafety management ltd, uk
leeroy understood our business and provided exactly what we wanted. we expected the process to take much longer than it did. leeroy has been friendly, considerate and very easy to work with. cindy moxham.
sml is a health and safety business based in the ukbag books, uk
we are delighted with our new website created by suspire media. it fits the brief perfectly – contemporary, creative, informative and easy to navigate. leeroy gave us excellent advice throughout the process and welcomed our ideas. camilla john.
london based learning disabilities charitychildren change colombia
we are really happy with the finished design! it’s fresh, bright and clear. we are really happy with the finished design! it’s fresh, bright and clear. it definitely presents children change colombia as we would wish the public to view us. hannah jefferies.
columbian based childrens charitylouisecollinsvoice.com
i came to leeroy with a website that needed optimisation and updating. i already liked the design but i had no control over the content and no one was finding me on google - which defeated the whole object of having a website in the first place! louise collins.
london-based voice coach







43 journal posts to peruseview all journal posts





footerfeaturedthe importance of a great website footerpublished 8 january 2024the underused and underestimated website footer plays a vital role in enhancing your visitor user experience as it can contain a host of information and useful content.


facebook page via mobile phone.new!how to clear facebook's image cachepublished 5 january 2024clearing the facebook image cache can be necessary if you've updated or changed images on your website or shared content on facebook but don't see the changes reflected.


dark modethe benefits of using 'dark mode' on your websitepublished 1 december 2023due to its aesthetic appeal and functional advantages dark mode for websites has gained popularity.


laptop and headphonesdon't rely on accessibility widgetspublished 11 november 2023accessibility overlay plugins may initially appear to provide a solution to web accessibility, but do they actually introduce more problems than benefits? 


retro compasswhat's a 404 page?published 7 november 2023well designed 404 pages are important, they not only enhance the user experience, they also improve website usability.


laptopsticky postis is time for a website redesign?published 17 october 2023a website redesign is crucial for meeting user needs, adapting to new technology, and achieving business goals.














trafford carers centre
trafford carers centre is an independent registered charity supporting unpaid carers looking after someone living in the trafford area of greater manchester.
full details













budget packages
we offer three budget web design packages tailored to meet your specific needs:cartera, designed for creatives and businesses; novus, catering to photographers and artists; and nova, ideal for small businesses and charities.
learn more



lets work together download, complete & return our website planner  (10 kb - docx). we will then get back to you with a detailed web development quote within three working days.

  share: mastodon  share: instagram  share: linkedin  share: flickr  share: youtube  share: facebook  share: twitter

charity and nonprofit website design, salisbury, wiltshire
established in 2001, our mission was to provide cost-effective, customised web design services primarily to nonprofit organisations, charities, and small businesses in and around london. since then, we have expanded our reach. now situated near salisbury, wiltshire, we offer comprehensive website development services to a diverse clientele, including charities, businesses, and individuals across the uk.
menu keyboard shortcut. win: alt + shift + m or mac: ctrl + alt + m.
 share via twitter | facebook.










tel: 01747 832 243. mob: 07842 599 354.


dark/light










site version: 'confluence' [v17]. 
this site uses a session cookie, learn more about this via our cookies and privacy policy. website map.
contact us: enquiries@suspiremedia.co.uk. 
join the mailing listcopyright © suspire media 2001 - 2025. all rights reserved. 












