



deer park stairs – long island custom stair builders – deer park stairbuilding and millwork co.























 












homeabout usportfolionewscontact us
































homeabout usportfolionewscontact us 










 





 




contemporary & traditional masterpieces 
our experienced craftsman and artisans are ready to design and build your dream project







 




quality & craftsmanship
new york's premier manufacturer of prestigious stairways







 




beautiful stairs & railings
premium quality stairways and millwork for over 65 years













 




 



our services









deer park stairbuilding & millwork co. is new york's premier manufacturer of prestigious stairways. we are a third generation family owned company located on long island, ny and have been supplying the tri-state area with premium quality stairways and millwork for over 65 years.we specialize in custom stairs, stair rails, custom turnings, rail installations, circular stairs, and complimentary millwork for homeowners, contractors, production builders, and custom homebuilders.
as a full service stair building company, our experienced craftsman and artisans are ready to design and build your dream project. 
  













 







wood stairs



wood railings



custom millwork



project types











circular stairscontemporary stairsboxed stairs 



open stairselliptical stairs 



windersloft ladders 











traditional railingscontemporary railings 



colonial railings 



custom designs 











curved landing tread 



wainscot paneling 



 











custom & stock designsretrofit 



renovationsnew construction 



brownstone restorationmulti-family apartments 














 









 







																			modern glass staircase design																	










 







																			contemporary staircase design																	










 







																			traditional staircase design																	










 







																			custom millwork																	














 




 



testimonials








"we have had a professional working relationship with mike souto for the last five years. during that time, we have found mike to be an excellent partner. he has always been extremely pleasant to work with and his skills are outstanding. we would highly recommend mike and deer park stairs."


rick johnson – babylon






"in the world of trim carpentry, one of the most important areas is attention to detail. it is a must to do the "little things" on a project, and deer park stairs does these things. they have the uncanny ability to envision a project in its initial stages, and the finished product delivers on that vision."


bob & nancy – huntington






"deer park stairs is an outstanding stair building company. their attention to detail and expertise is the finest i've had the pleasure to work with. the teams skills and professionalism are second to none!"


john smith – northport















 







 



 



 



 



 



 



 









 




let's start a project   




















give us a call today to discuss your project.

p: 631-363-5000
showroom visits by appointment











portfoliocontemporary staircase designcontemporarytraditional staircase designtraditionalcustom millworkcustom millworkstaircase renovation before & afterbefore & after











© 2024 deer park stairbuilding & millwork co. – all rights reserved. 
   |    long island website design tesori digital marketing




























