






















home | st. timothy orthodox church






 










 
 


 





 











 
 
















































menu
home
about us


clergy & staff
we welcome visitors!
parish council
our ministries


orthodoxy


about each service
daily readings
resources
learn about orthodoxy


calendar


fasting guidelines
using the calendar


multimedia


sunday bulletin & monthly publication
live stream archive
ancient faith music & podcasts
byzantine chant
photos

parish photos
services
teen soyo



directions
contact
















st. timothy orthodox church
antiochian orthodox christian archdiocese
4593 central way, fairfield, ca  94534





















welcome!



st. timothy orthodox christian church, in fairfield, ca, is a parish of the antiochian orthodox christian archdiocese of north america. all of our services are conducted in english. visitors and those interested in discovering the faith and worship of the orthodox church are always welcome!
our usual weekend schedule of services is:

great vespers, each saturday at 6:00 p.m.
orthros, each sunday at 9:00 a.m.
divine liturgy, each sunday at 10:00 a.m.

our parish calendar gives the dates and times for all services and events. 
we are a multicultural parish made up of cradle orthodox and many converts. our middle eastern families come from egypt, jordan, lebanon, palestine, and syria. our american converts were either roman catholic or from a variety of protestant churches. we also have several orthodox families from eritrea.
st timothy is located in cordelia at the junction of i-80 and i-680, convenient to residents of solano, sonoma, yolo, and contra costa counties. 

































contact




st. timothy antiochian orthodox church4593 central wayfairfield, ca 94534info@sttimothy.us(707) 710-9739





















mailing list
please join our mailing list to be notified of significant news such as schedule changes, deaths in the parish, and upcoming events. go to our contacts page and sign up!

















connect


  



















ancient faith (music & talk)
























the word - an antiochian archdiocese publication

 word magazine

















the word is the official news magazine of the antiochian archdiocese. founded in 1905 in the arabic language by st. raphael of brooklyn, and later was turned into an english language publication by metropolitan antony bashir in 1957. while content is primarily intended to keep readers informed of orthodox news, it also educates and inspires with articles on faith and practice. the word is a member of the associated press, ecumenical news international, and the orthodox press service.




















upcoming







16febsunday 

9:00 orthros10:00 divine liturgy




















offerings







please remember your tithes and offerings to our parish.  during this time of limited access to the church, you can mail your offerings to the parish address.  you can also contribute online to our parish by clicking the link above.










powered by orthodox web solutions
home | back | print | top





















