








the internet classics archive: 441 searchable works of classical literature




bringing the wisdom of the classics to the
internet since 1994.




browse andcomment
select from a list of 441 works of classical
literature by 59 different authors, including user-driven
commentary and "reader's choice" web sites. mainly greco-roman works
(some chinese and persian), all in english translation.


announcements

5/10/23: with the classics.mit.edu site not responding on the tech's w20 infrastructure, this copy has been
taken over by mit is&t and provided as-is. our data source was https://github.com/themittech and you can follow up with the contact information provided there if you have any questions.

3/14/11: we are launching a restoration project in the spring of 2011 to fix up the broken content on the site. 
thanks to everyone for your patience as we continue to restore the missing works.
 please see the help section if you have any questions.




search 
construct powerful queries to search the
texts provided locally and remotely. search by work and author, as
well as the entire archive. search now!



buy books
purchase books using searches and lists of books
available from amazon.com,
including books in the loeb classical library.



help 
consult the help pages for answers to
common questions.




other links
consult a list
of other classical and electronic text resources, including several
web rings. in addition, each work has its own list of "reader's
choice" web sites (see browse
above).




acknowledgments and
awards
information and privacy policy



web atomics




the internet classics archive by daniel c. stevenson, web atomics.
world wide web presentation is copyright © 1994-2009, daniel
c. stevenson, web atomics.
all rights reserved under international and pan-american copyright
conventions, including the right of reproduction in whole or in part
in any form. direct permission requests to tt-classics@mit.edu.
translation of "the deeds of the divine augustus" by augustus is
copyright © thomas bushnell, bsg.

mit accessibility






