
minneapolis, st. paul, minnesota & western wisconsin real estate & homes for sale - coldwell banker realty





















skip to main content
this site uses cookies and related technologies, as described in our privacy policy, for purposes that may include site operation, analytics, enhanced user experience, or advertising.manage preferencesaccept



open nav


buying & selling your homeabout uscareersenglishen


search for homes 


search by city and state, address, zip code, school district, or mls #

search
search by city, neighborhood, county, address, zip code, schools, mls #
by searching, i acknowledge reading and agreeing to the license agreement.

all homes for sale
all homes for rent





sell your home 


what is your home currently worth?
ready to sell your home?
compare locations with move meter



agents & offices 


search for agent/office
all agents
all offices



get a mortgage 


get pre-approved



recently viewed properties

recently viewed

sign in

sign inclosesign in with facebook.orsign in belowthe email or password you entered is incorrect.* indicates a required field
email


password



stay signed in on this computer
forgot your password?
not a member yet?  
sign up now 



completed!oops! an error occurred.

recently viewed properties

collapse recently viewed properties



let’s find your perfect home
search by city and state, address, zip code, school district, or mls #

begin typing to search, use arrow keys to navigate, enter to select
search historysearch historysearch historysearch
search near you or by city, neighborhood, county, address, zip code, schools, mls #
by searching, i acknowledge reading and agreeing to the license agreement.
 find homes near you
by searching, i acknowledge reading and agreeing to the license agreement.

find out your home's  actual valuelearn more
search over 27,156 real estate listings in minnesota and western wisconsinlooking elsewhere?


open houses

new construction

condos

featured homes

luxury

rentals

recent sales
home listing type
open houses
new construction
condos
featured homes
luxury
rentals
recent sales











this is a carousel with tiles that activate property listing cards. use the previous and next buttons to navigate.



$339,900




save

5718 trumpeter ct 
saint cloud, mn 56303
single familyactive
updated 10 days ago

3beds
2total baths
1,919sq. ft.



listed by luann popp (320) 260-7777




$725,000




save

3314 stone ct 
saint cloud, mn 56301
single familyactive

6beds
3total baths
3,673sq. ft.



listed by christy kowalzek (612) 619-1910




$369,900




save

504 montrose rd 
saint cloud, mn 56301
townhouseactive

4beds
3total baths
3,664sq. ft.



listed by chris hauck (320) 253-7373




$279,000




save

29 roger rd 
saint cloud, mn 56301
single familyactive
updated 6 days ago

4beds
2total baths
2,502sq. ft.



listed by sandra harrison (320) 420-7337


































coldwell banker agents know the value of personal relationships—especially when finding a home. they’ll be with you every step of the way.
get pre-approvedthinking of buying a home?
get pre-approved today!learn more
ready for a career in real estate?coldwell banker burnet is the place to be learn more about affiliating with coldwell banker burnet 
sell your home faster, for a better price!the realvitalize© program helps with home improvements and repairs to prepare your home for sale.
click here to learn more about the realvitalize program
change your locationcloseselect a location
select a location
arizona
california - northern
california - southern
colorado
connecticut
delaware - northern
delaware - southern
florida
georgia
hawaii
illinois
indiana
kentucky
maine
maryland
massachusetts
minnesota
missouri - greater st. louis
nevada
new hampshire
new jersey - northern
new jersey - southern
new york - long island
new york - new york city
new york - rockland county
new york - westchester county
north carolina
ohio
oregon
pennsylvania - philadelphia
pennsylvania - pittsburgh
rhode island
south carolina
texas - austin
texas - dallas/ft. worth
texas - houston
utah
virginia
washington
washington d.c.
west virginia - northeast
wisconsin - milwaukee



popular locations:
minnesota homes for sale
wisconsin homes for sale
eden prairie homes for sale
eden prairie condos & townhomes
edina homes for sale
edina condos & townhomes
lakeville homes for sale
lakeville condos & townhomes
medina homes for sale
medina condos & townhomes
minneapolis homes for sale
minneapolis condos & townhomes
minnetonka homes for sale
minnetonka condos & townhomes
orono homes for sale
orono condos & townhomes
plymouth homes for sale
plymouth condos & townhomes
rochester homes for sale
rochester condos & townhomes
st. paul homes for sale
st. paul condos & townhomes
wayzata homes for sale
wayzata condos & townhomes
show all

quick links
all homes for sale
all real estate agents
need help?feedback
contact us
about us
careers
privacy policy
do not sell or share my personal information
terms & conditions
accessibility statement
dmca notice
fair housing pledge

stay updated
facebook
youtube
blogger
instagram


website feedbackclosegeneral form error. this error applies to the full form.
* indicates a required fieldwe'd love to hear your feedback about coldwellbankerhomes.comif you have feedback about an individual agent or office, please locate the office and contact the manager.subject


website compliment


website suggestion


website problem
message *name optionalemail optionalthank you for your feedback!


protect your home and budget with an american home shield® home warranty. learn more!

coldwell banker realty and guaranteed rate affinity, llc share common ownership and because of this relationship the brokerage may receive a financial or other benefit. you are not required to use guaranteed rate affinity, llc as a condition of purchase or sale of any real estate. operating in the state of new york as gr affinity, llc in lieu of the legal name guaranteed rate affinity, llc.


real estate agents affiliated with coldwell banker are independent contractor sales associates and are not employees of coldwell banker.


© 2025 coldwell banker. all rights reserved. coldwell banker and the coldwell banker logos are trademarks of coldwell banker real estate llc. the coldwell banker® system is comprised of company owned offices which are owned by a subsidiary of anywhere advisors llc and franchised offices which are independently owned and operated. the coldwell banker system fully supports the principles of the fair housing act and the equal opportunity act.




end-user license agreementclosethis end-user license agreement (“eula”) is a legally binding contract between you; and the owner of this site, coldwell banker burnet (“broker”); and regional multiple listing service of minnesota, inc., d/b/a northstarmls and northstarmls.com (“rmls”); and the developer of this site, nrt llc (“developer”). (collectively, broker, rmls, and developer are the “licensors.”)
you seek access to real estate listings that are made up of factual information and creative content. this “licensed content” appears on this “licensed site.” licensors wish to grant you access to the licensed site, but use of this information is limited by the terms of this license.
in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein, you and licensors hereby agree as follows:
access permitted. licensors agree to provide you online access via the world-wide-web to the licensed content and the licensed site for the duration of the current viewing session. you acknowledge that you will be required to execute a new eula upon your next visit to the licensed site. you agree not to attempt to access the licensed site after the termination of this eula.acknowledgement of title. you acknowledge that all right, title, and interest in the copyrights and other intellectual property rights in the licensed site and the licensed content reside at all times in licensors and their licensors.
the trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively the “marks” or “mark”) appearing on the licensed site are registered and unregistered marks of licensors and others. neither this eula nor the licensed site grants you any right to use any mark displayed on the licensed site or any other marks of licensors.
license. licensors hereby grant you a revocable, limited, nonexclusive license during the term of this eula to duplicate, distribute and display the licensed content and the licensed site, solely for your personal, non-commercial use, and subject to the limitations set forth in this eula. licensors grant nonexclusive licenses and not exclusive licenses or assignments. all rights not expressly granted in this eula are reserved.
limited use. you will not:use the licensed site, licensed content, or both for any purpose other than a personal, non-commercial one;disclose any of the licensed content, including factual content, to any third party except in furtherance of your personal real estate transaction, and then only to the extent necessary;gather, or attempt to gather, by any automated means, including “screen scraping” or “database scraping,” factual content or any other portion of the licensed content from the licensed site; or
employ the licensed content, the licensed site, or both for any unlawful purpose.
license revoked. your license to use the licensed content and the licensed site is immediately revoked, without notice from licensors, in the event that you breach any provision of this eula.
general terms.
term and termination. any party may terminate this eula upon notice to another. in the event of termination, all licenses hereunder immediately terminate, and you agree to discontinue accessing and attempting to access the licensed site. the terms of sections 2, 4, and 6 of this eula shall survive its termination.
disclaimer of warranties. licensors provide the licensed site and licensed content on an “as is,” “as available” basis. licensors make no warranty as to the accuracy, completeness, currency, or reliability of the licensed content. you are advised that factual material in the licensed content, though deemed reliable, may contain errors and is subject to revision at all times. you are advised to confirm all factual material upon which you intend to rely in any transaction. the licensors expressly disclaim all warranties with respect to the licensed site and the licensed content, including the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. possible errors in the licensed content include, but are not limited to, incorrect measurements, improper classification of rooms and features according to local zoning codes, incorrect status with regard to availability for sale, incorrect photograph, and incorrect information about improvements.
limitations and exclusions of liability. under no circumstances shall the licensors be liable to you or anyone else for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential, exemplary, or punitive damages that result from the use of, or inability to use, the licensed site, the licensed content, or both. your sole remedy, in the event the licensors or any one of them breach this eula, shall be to terminate this eula. in the event the limitations set forth in the preceding two sentences are held by any court to be unenforceable, licensors shall not in any event be liable to you or anyone else for damages of any kind in excess of $500.
indemnification. you will defend, indemnify and hold the licensors harmless from and against any and all liability, damages, loss or expense (including reasonable fees of attorneys and other professionals) in any claim, demand, action or proceeding initiated by any third-party against the licensors arising from any of your acts, including without limitation violating this or any other agreement or any law.
assignment. you may not assign or delegate this eula or any obligations, rights, or duties hereunder. any attempted or purported assignment or delegation in contravention of this section is null and void.
integration and severability. this eula contains the entire understanding of the parties and supersedes all previous oral and written agreements on the subject matter hereof. each provision of this eula is severable from the whole, and if one provision is declared invalid, the other provisions shall remain in full force and effect.
governing law. this eula shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the state of minnesota applicable to contacts made and performed in minnesota, but without regard to the choice of law and conflicts of law provisions thereof. the parties hereby agree that any dispute under this eula shall have its forum in the state or federal courts located in ramsey county, minnesota, in the united states of america, and the parties hereby consent to personal jurisdiction therein and expressly waive any defenses to personal jurisdiction, including forum non conveniens.

sign inclosesign in with facebook.orsign in belowthe email or password you entered is incorrect.* indicates a required field
email


password



stay signed in on this computer
forgot your password?
not a member yet?  
sign up now 


select languagecloseenglishbengalichinese (simplified)chinese (traditional)frenchgermanhindijapanesekoreanportugueserussianspanishvietnamese





