

steve dunn!













   so ... here you are.  you've travelled a long, long way to get here,
and you're hoping for something cool, eh?  ha!  i fooled you!


warning:  this page is not suitable for minors or
diminished sevenths.  it's probably ok for the augmented among you.
(that was a musician joke ... if you don't get it, take
music lessons.)


   if you can't read this, get a better browser!  if you can't see
backgrounds, get a better browser!  if you don't see funny
colours, get a better browser!  if you always see funny colours,
cut back on the acid, dude.





who the heck is this guy anyway?



lemme peek at his birthday/christmas lists! last
update:  8 january 2025


biographical information last update:  28
april 2021



where did he go on holiday?
10 september 2014:  added my trip to england in june-july 2014


don't click this!



who's he going to marry? future wife
kari added 25 january 2009


what does he think happened this year? gone stale



who is he related to?


what happens to his friends? final
update:  8 march 1998



are you my dream girl?


what does he do for a living?




what does he do?





plays music last update:  14 february
2025 - added a cover of the cure


takes
pictures updated on 4 november 2024 - added photos from the toronto zoo



writes music last update:  18 may
2024 - added a brand new original song called say my name


surfs the web updated 1 october 2004



i want some dirt!

   well, i suppose you could always check my
mutual funds
and see how they're doing.  come back once in a while to see if i'm getting
rich (ha).


is that it?
almost, but before i go, here are some informative links.








i'm on bluesky!


follow @notsmoothsteve





stephen m. dunn

no vegetarians were harmed in the preparation of this page.  but since
i don't have an ergonomically correct keyboard, i could probably sue
you for looking at it and justifying my abuse of my carpal tunnels.

you are visitor number


no, you're not!  fooled you!  that was a random number.
after all, this page is

and



in reality, since some point in july 1997, you're visitor number





