



baseball savvy: dodgers, dodgers blogs




















where are 

          they now

        jack perconte

 


 
 
  
 
 
 
your ad here 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 

........






naughty or nice, dodgers need to check christmas list twice
december 19, 7:02 p.m..
while we can that agree that the addition-by-subtraction method  has some merit when applied to baseball, few among us would endorse the  strategy as a plan for an entire offseason.
  the dodgers have jettisoned ronald belisario. ok, now that  works, certainly. it works a lot, actually. let’s give them that. and before we  bid adieu to beli once and for all, let’s recall the play the mike petriello once termed “the most ronald belisario play ever.” we’ll miss that kind of  thing. the righty reliever was non-tendered by the club and subsequently landed  on chicago’s south side.
  chris capuano was also let go, although there is still a  chance of his re-signing before it’s all said and done. scott hairston called  it a career, skip schumaker was lost to the reds as a free agent, with nick  punto signing a two-year deal to play in oakland, the latter of which hurts a  bit, especially with mark ellis going to st. louis on a one-year make good  deal.
  the dodgers have lost most of their bench and they need to  get a move on if they want to go to war with something better than what’s being  threatened now – castoffs mike baxter, miguel rojas (uh, who?) and dee gordon  as super-sub, which is beyond frightening, because while a multi-positional  utilityman might not be expected to be of gold glove caliber worth at one  particular position, it sure helps if he is. and gordon is pretty much the  opposite of the description. 
he plays no single position well,  and in the case of shortstop, his “natural” spot, is downright awful. if you  consider picking the baseball and throwing to first base significant skills for  a middle infielder to possess, that is.
  the dodgers are also considering re-signing michael young  for a bench role, and while i liked his acquisition late last season, the soon  to be 37-year-old infielder really didn’t live up to his advance billing.
 he  was fine in the field in limited action, but didn’t hit a lick when it mattered  – in the postseason – and showed zero of his former-self in the power  department. and like gordon, at this point in time he really doesn’t  play a single position well enough to warrant  the role he’d be getting. at all.
  the player i want in blue is ramon santiago, late of the  detroit tigers. this is not a hall of fame player we’re talking about here; not  a star by any means. but a quality utilityman? absolutely. santiago is the punto-piece  of the dodgers bench, 2014 edition, the best possible of the options on the  free agent list, and i think there’s a good chance the team will sign him.
  like punto, santiago plays all over the infield, plays good  defense and switch hits. in 2013 with the american league pennant winning  tigers, santiago split his time in the field evenly, with 27 games at third  base, another 27 at shortstop, and 33 at second base, which is the type of  split the dodgers need. it’s exactly the type of the split they need. he made a  grand total of two errors in his 27 outings at shortstop (to give you an idea, gordon  made seven in his 27 games at the position) last season, while fielding a cool  1.000 at both second at third in his time there.
  santiago hit .224, which isn’t a ton, obviously, but he’s a  .243/.311/.330 hitter lifetime, which is fine for the role he’d play in los  angeles, and there’s no reason to think he can’t manage .240 in 2014. in the  years of 2007 to 2011, santiago hit a fine .284, .282, .267, .263, .260, with an  .870 ops in 2008. 
he’ll contribute with the bat at times, much like punto, give  the team a little sock here and there, run the bases well, get down a bunt,  etc. more importantly – much more importantly – he’ll fill in for hanley  ramirez well when called upon, do the same for juan uribe as needed, and spell  alexander guererro at second base, assuming the cuban rookie even starts the  season in the lineup.
  if for whatever reason l.a. does not sign santiago, cesar  izturis works as a backup plan. neither player will cost the team an arm and a  leg, nor will he need a two-year deal for much money. we’re probably looking at  a million or two, on a one-year deal. chicken feed.

tim federowicz and scott van slyke more than likely round  out the bench. with santiago (or izturis) in the fold, the dodgers can forget  all about both gordon and young, which is a very good thing. talk about your  addition by subtraction.
  then perhaps we’re looking at one more bench piece and they're  good to go. they’ll probably bring in one more relief man, and maybe just maybe  another big-time starter, who quite possibly is a phenom out of japan by the  name of tanaka. 
we’ll find out soon enough. check out your baseball betting options and be ready for another great season. we’ll see you at spring  training, circa 2014.

  and remember, glove conquers all...
 


 

  









subscribe free to baseballsavvy.com



 



 


 
  
 

 

 

 

 
 
previously off base
dennis gilbert spring baseball classic, now through march 30
march 23, 2013, 2:49 p.m.
it’s the 4th annual dennis gilbert spring baseball classic, it’s going on now through march 30 at the major league baseball urban youth academy in compton, and you should support it if you possibly can.
the mlbya is an mlb-run community space, with three main goals: to give kids a place to go – a good place to go – to stress academics, and to teach baseball. additional academies have been built in puerto rico, houston and new orleans, with cincinnati, philadelphia and south florida in the works.
students from the following los angeles high schools are participating in the round-robin tournament: dorsey, eagle rock, fremont, fulton prep, gardena, hamilton, hollywood, jefferson, king-drew, maywood, monroe, roybal, sotomayor, soces, south east, south gate, sylmar, university, venice and wilson. wood bats are used.
you probably know dennis gilbert as baseball’s first “super-agent,” former dodgers owner hopeful, and the guy who sits directly behind home plate at dodger stadium pretty much every night during the season. here’s a bit more from the event press release:
“gilbert played baseball at gardena high school, los angeles city college and for four years in the minor leagues before launching a highly-successful career in the insurance business and as a sports agent. he is chairman and founder of the professional baseball scouts foundation, which provides financial assistance to former baseball scouts in need. gilbert also personally funded the baseball diamond at los angeles southwest community college, which has been used by the local program of reviving baseball in the inner cities (rbi). he serves on major league baseball’s salary arbitration and player development committees, is special assistant to chicago white sox chairman jerry reinsdorf, and is an active board member and supporter of the mlb urban youth academy.”
the tournament began thursday, and my apologies for getting this to you late. the remaining schedule is below.
major league baseball urban youth academy, el camino college, compton center (west of football field) 901 east artesia blvd. compton, calif. 90221, 310-763-3479.
saturday, march 23
hamilton vs. sotomayor at hamilton, 3 p.m.
university vs. dorsey at roybal, tbd
venice vs. roybal at roybal, 3 p.m.
monroe vs. jefferson at uya#1, 9 a.m.
south east vs. king-drew at uya#1, 11:45 a.m.
maywood vs. eagle rock at uya#1, 3:15 p.m.
fremont vs. fulton prep at uya#2, 12:15 p.m.
wilson vs. university at uya#2, 3:30
monday, march 25
hamilton vs. jefferson at hamilton, noon
eagle rock vs. fulton prep at hamilton, 3 p.m.
wilson vs. gardena at roybal, 2:30 p.m.
south east vs. roybal at roybal, 6 p.m.
university vs. dorsey at uya#1, 9:30 a.m.
maywood vs. fremont at uya#1, 12:15 p.m.
venice vs. king-drew at uya#1, 3:30
hollywood vs. sylmar at monroe, 10 a.m.
monroe vs. sotomayor at monroe, 1 p.m.
tuesday, march 26
soces vs. hollywood at hamilton, 10 a.m.
hamilton vs. monroe at hamilton, 1 p.m.
dorsey vs. wilson at roybal, noon
king-drew vs. roybal at roybal, 3 p.m.
maywood vs. fulton prep at uya#1, 9:30 a.m.
gardena vs. university at uya #1, 12:15 p.m.
fremont vs. eagle rock at uya#1, 3:30 p.m.
jeferson vs. sotomayor at venice, 3 p.m.
south east vs. venice at venice, 6:30 p.m.
wednesday, march 27
quarterfinals and consolation games
hamilton 10 a.m. and 1 p.m.
roybal, noon and 3 p.m.
sylmar, 10 a.m. and 1 p.m.
uya#1, 10:30 a.m. and 1:30 p.m.
uya#2, 10 a.m. and 1 p.m.”
friday, march 29
semifinals at mlb uya#1, 10:30 a.m. and #2, 10 a.m.
saturday, march 30
championship game and all-star presentation at southwest college, dennis gilbert field, noon.


 

 
return to top
 


art savvy 
statue for sandy









sign the e-petition
 







 
statue for vinny 









sign the e-petition
 







    
ibwaa
internet baseball writers association of america 









$10 memberships 
 





batting cage 

 

 
dodgers blogs 
6-4-2
baseball savvy 
daily dodgers 
daily news
dodger divorce 
dodger  blues
dodger dugout
dodgers rumors 
dodger sims 
dodger thoughts
juan pierre's oversized hat 
l.a. dodger talk 
l.a.times dodger blog 
lasorda's lair 
the lfp 
memories of kevin malone
mike scioscia's tragic illness
opinion of kingman's performance 
orange county register 
pitchers & poets 
plaschke, thy sweater is argyle 
press enterprise 
sons of steve  garvey
the peanut gallery
trolly dodger 
true blue l.a. 
vin scully is my homeboy 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

  
 
 


"the main squeeze" 
  


.................... 


....................





about us | archives | contact | gift shop | home | talkback | where are they now | write for us....................


...............


copyright © 2000 by baseballsavvy.com



=