











eco hotel in dominical, costa rica | villas rio mar















































  



 about us  about villas rio mar photo gallery crocodile grill & bar eco-friendly resort   rooms & rates  our rooms rates & availability book now   about our area  dominical & uvita things to do tours vacation packages travel blog & tips   contact us english  español deutsch français   
 


 about villas rio mar  photo gallery eco-friendly resort   rooms & rates  rates & availability make a booking   about our area  things to do travel blogs & tips   contact us 
 
 book now
  followfollow 










villas rio mar eco hotel dominical, costa rica   welcome to pura vida!
  villas rio mar admin | jan 4, 2025




 “paradise!  bungalows set in beautiful gardens on a hill bordering the forest.  the rooms are spacious and clean.  loved to wake up to the sound of birds in the morning!  breakfast is plentiful.  fresh fruit, juices and cereal as well as fried plantains, rice and beans, eggs.  they have a bar and the restaurant serves dinner which is delicious.  the staff was friendly and welcoming.  will visit again!”   martina,february 2023, booking.com 





 eco-hotel in dominical, costa rica


  welcome to pura vida!  join us at villas rio mar and experience the magic of costa rica.  whether it’s a romantic getaway, a family vacation, or an adventure with friends, our villas provide the perfect base to explore everything this tropical paradise has to offer. enjoy a serene and memorable excape just 10-minute stroll from the lively beach and town of playa dominical!  stroll by the souvenir stands, walk on the beach and enjoy the sunset.  then come and enjoy a cocktail at our poolside bar.


beautiful tropical gardens
our expansive tropical grounds, coupled with two large swimming pools and a private jungle trail create a sanctuary of tranquility.  relax on your private patio and wake to the sound of birds and wildlife.  find your bliss and discover pura vida at villas rio mar. 


a wide range of hotel amenities
 large recreational swimming pool with baby pool and pool bar a second large pool for laps (exercise) one of the area’s best restaurants & bar pickleball, tennis court, on-site greenhouse, jungle trail and more…  about our hotel



our roomsall rooms include a private patio, a/c, tv and a mini-fridge.  we have also family sized rooms available and rooms with a kitchenette.  free wifi and buffet breakfast included. book directly with us for our lowest online rate!rooms & rates




“gorgeous hotel!  beautiful and comfortable rooms, great pool, good food and very friendly staff.  will definitely stay here again!”   bailey, february 2022, booking.com



dominical, costa rica stunning natural beauty
the area surrounding dominical, costa rica is truly a piece of paradise.  the hills are filled with tropical jungle and exotic wildlife.  in addition to the many gorgeous beaches, the area is also known for its stunning waterfalls.  an abundance of natural beauty to explore. about the area



things to do
the area of dominical, (also known as costa ballena or bahia ballena), is one of the best places to visit in costa rica.  our area offers a wide array of leisure and adventure activities including beautiful beaches, 4 nearby national parks, and numerous stunning waterfalls.  other things to do include: surfing, rafting, kayaking, horseback riding, zip-lining, atv tours and much more. click here to learn more

eco-friendly resort
our commitment to eco-friendly practices has enabled us to recieve the highest possible certification for sustainable tourism (cst).  we are the only hotel in dominical, costa rica that has this 'elite' certification click here to learn more

travel blogs & tips
we've put together a selection of tips and recommendations from area experts and other fellow travelers on how to make the most of your costa rica adventure. click here to learn more


 
 
 
 



  



  give us a call  send us a message  ask us on messenger   =rooms & rates 


orillas del rio barú 900 metros noreste plaza de deportes dominical, pobox 185-8000, main st in dominical, provincia de puntarenas, costa rica © 2025 río mar ventures, s.a.  |   privacy policy


























