






25 years hand analysis research | multi-perspective hand reading































skip to main content






toggle navigation menu

 home



sitemap








course

hand reading mini-course (2002)
multi-perspective hand reading (2011)
decoding the language of the hand (2016)
25 years hand reading research

50+ scientific hand charts
350+ hand reading news reports



themes

hand signs in major diagnostic themes

hand signs in big five personality dimensions
hand signs in autistic spectrum disorder
hand signs in schizophrenia

hand signs in cancer
hand signs in diabetes
hand signs in rheumatoid arthritis
hand signs in psoriasis
hand signs in congenital heart disease

hand signs in down syndrome [trisomy 21]
hand signs in fragile-x syndrome
hand signs in marfan syndrome (hand test)



signs

hand shapes 2.0
hand behaviors & mental disorders
primitive hand reflexes
finger length & 2d:4d digit ratio
fingerprints & dermatoglyphics
palmar creases & hand lines

nail tutor: 50+ fingernail disorders
yellow fingernails
arch fingerprints: 10 facts
radial loop fingerprints: 10 facts
pinky finger research
simian line (14 sub-sections)
sydney line
hand sign tutor: 9 perspectives!



experts

hand reading books top 100
hand reading websites top 100
300+ hand reader websites around the world
hand reading experts in 54 countries!

hand reading experts in india
hand reading experts in the us
hand reading experts in the netherlands
hand reading experts in the uk
hand reading experts in denmark
hand reading experts in germany
hand reading experts in canada
hand reading experts in switzerland
hand reading experts in australia
hand reading experts in south-africa
hand reading experts in israel



celebs

250+ celebrity hands & hand readings
14 us presidential hands
10 (in)famous masculine male hands



more

hand art, hand reflexology & palm therapy
9 hand reading systems
free hand reading online!









×
search handresearch.com:






close








25 years hand analysis research
decoding the hand: multi-perspective hand reading!






this site is focussed on decoding the language of the hand by means of multi-perspective hand reading, which exhibits the future of the fields covering palm reading & palmistry. some of the underlying basics are outlined in this advanced hand reading mini-course.
a collection of 50 scientific hand charts is presented covering many diagnostic themes, including: the big five personality dimensions + major psychological-, psychiatric- & medical conditions. 




this site (1800+ pages) was build on top of 25 years hand reading research experience + combined with 350 hand reading news articles with materials collected around the world. an exclusive sitemap is also available with e.g. a listing of 34 major items.
most of the contents of this site relate to the fields associated with the diagnostic practice of 'hand reading' - which is a.k.a. scientific hand analysis, psychodiagnostic chirology, chiromancy, chirognomy, predictive palmistry & medical palm reading.

note: multi-perspective hand reading is focussed on combining major hand sign variations, usually with the use of multiple dimensions of the hand).






an overview of individual hand signs is presented with the hand sign tutor. detailed materials involving the significance of individual hand signs are available as well:

• motorics: hand behaviors & hand reflexes

• morphology: hand shape

• lines: hand lines, such as: simian line + sydney line

• dermatoglypics: fingerprints, e.g. arches + radial loops & hypothenar whorls

• fingers: finger length, 2d:4d digit ratio & pinky

• fingernails: fingernails, e.g. vertical nail ridges + yellow nails (tip: find in 3 steps the most likely causes associated with 57 nail disorders with the nail tutor)












- introduced in 2018 -
system for big five personality profile interpretation
(derived from personality disorder prototypes)
(in 2019 this system will be used to explore whether the full big five personality profile in individuals correlates with the hand)





























- hand reading around the world- 
the hand reading websites top 100based on 300+ sites in 35 counties!

hand reading books top 100:rankings by popularity & user ratings, reviews + new books!

global hand reading network700+ experts in 54 countries!






hand reading research:
palm reading research - palmistry research
hand analysis research

tip: the navigation bar at the top includes items that each present a handy overview for one of the major sections of handresearch.com
you can also find the topic of your interest quick & easy by using the  search tool included in the navigation bar, which covers 1800+ hands related topics, hand signs & themes 
(e.g including 700+ palm reading- and palmistry profile pages presenting hand readers, hand analysts, palmists & palm readers around the world) + many hands research studies!








250 famous hands & celebrity hand readings!

these are the 9 levels of the hand used inmulti-perspective hand reading:













copyright © 2004-2023:
    martijn van mensvoort | contact | privacy policy





















