








pick up old appliances | appliance recycling service | removal






















































  
 















skip to content











 



 recycle your unwanted refrigerators, washers, dryers and more!













 

 menu		




close 




home
schedule pickup

choose items
scheduled items (cart)
schedule (checkout)
my account


schedule dropoff
pricing
shop appliances
contact
get startedschedule online
0 shopping cart
home
my account
pricing
schedule a pickup
schedule a dropoff
cart
checkout
contact














 








schedule a pick up
 easily schedule a pick up or drop off  with our online scheduling. 
schedule now >>
text pictures of appliances– (no built-ins please)
if your appliance is in great shape, text us a picture to get approval for a discount or free haul away to 760.521.5864
drop off your items
drop off your items at a discounted fee at our vista location. 
schedule now >>we pick up and recycle your old appliances.
we have been serving north county with appliance removal since 1990 and we also sell and rent new and used appliances for the purpose of recycling. we have sold reconditioned appliances since 1997 and you can find our other business links on the site. if you need a used appliance or quality reconditioned appliance were glad to sell one to you with our customer satisfaction guarantee.. 
at pick up old appliances company we haul away and recycle your old unwanted appliances. we strive to keep it green while planting one tree for each paid appliance haul away or appliance drop off at our location in vista. we haul away and recycle washers, dryers, refrigerators, stoves, water heaters, dishwashers, microwaves and all white goods with curbside pickup or in home pickup. we even haul away toilets, printers and e-waste like computer monitors and televisions. we recycle locally at our vista location 5 days a week and san diego & temecula area. 



refrigerator top freezer
from: $75.00
choose item 
		this product has multiple variants. the options may be chosen on the product page	





refrigerator-bottom freezer or side-by-side
from: $90.00
choose item 
		this product has multiple variants. the options may be chosen on the product page	




freezer-chest or upright
from: $75.00
choose item 
		this product has multiple variants. the options may be chosen on the product page	





oven
from: $50.00
choose item 
		this product has multiple variants. the options may be chosen on the product page	





washer &  dryer set
from: $50.00
choose item 
		this product has multiple variants. the options may be chosen on the product page	





barbeque
$50.00
choose item 



see all other appliancescall now
760.521.5864
call us for a quote or special pick up days.get your appliances picked up as easy as 1 2 3.
save $30
choose pick up four or more appliances to receive a discount.select your items and preference of pick-up location and enter your zip code for pricing.
enter in your address and pick a date when we service your zip code and complete payment. 
place your appliance in the chosen spot on the day of pick-up. if you are planning a kitchen upgrade we can help uninstall your appliances from inside the home for an extra fee. inside home and stair fee’s may be altered depending on circumstances with regards to difficulty or two man requirement. we recycle your old appliance and appliances with care to the environment and removal of cfc’s on refrigerated items. we give a discount for multiple appliance pick up while placing your appliance haul away or appliance drop off order either online or by telephone. we are open 5 day’s a week for all your haul away needs. our appliance removal professionals are here to serve you and we can even help with a transfer of an appliance from one location to another. appliance transfers start at $125 and may go up according to appliance service needs. we can help with appliance install or appliance removal. we started years ago with free appliance haul away for sears and home depot, also lowes and other stores like montgomery ward & silo. our free appliance haul away has changed since then to only free for some washers and dryers, refrigerators and stoves. approval is given from you texted pictures and questions and we have decided that we can for sure use your appliances. text pictures of your appliances please with your question for free pickup approval or even if your selling to 760-535-6420. for quotes on appliance recycling on a large volume please call for a quote or even text a picture requesting that we buy your old appliance or newer appliance to our cell phone at 760-535-6420. we refurbish appliances that are in good condition and will sometimes buy quality appliances so text or call right now for your next multiple appliance haul away quote. visit our other sitesshop appliances

sell your kenmore/ whirlpool laundry

buy reconditioned appliances




 



 
 


 


contact us pick up old appliances recycling co.
116 azalea drive, suite b
vista ca 92083
760-521-5864
• curbside and household • pickup program

delivery days every thursday
san diego, del mar & encinitas
tuesday & thursday
local area vista, carlsbad, oceanside, san marcos, escondido
tuesday
bonsall, fallbrook, temecula areas
if appliances were not picked up for any reason on day of service due to customer error, reschedule fee is $25. cancellations must be made prior to a 24 hour period of service or there are no refunds.

giving back 











 2025 pick up old appliances. all rights reserved.						






home
terms & conditions
accessibility
privacy policy
contact
 








 
 
back to top




shopping cart
×


no products in the cart.






call usschedule a pickupemail us 























