




























messe frankfurt - company portal









skip





back


close



home






company

information about messe frankfurt group





company




business segments




management




sustainability






sustainability




ecological responsibility




social responsibility




economic responsibility




faq









key figures of messe frankfurt




global network




history




blog









event search
all trade fairs and events at a glance




industry sectors
all event topics at a glance




locations

halls, congress and event locations





locations




why choose frankfurt?




halls




congress and event locations






congress and event locations




congress center




festhalle




forum




kap europa









messe frankfurt locations talk






messe frankfurt locations talk




messe frankfurt locations talk - archive









barrier-free exchanges




contact locations









services

services made by messe frankfurt





services




logistics services




traffic management




stand construction and equipment






stand construction and equipment




standapproval









advertising






advertising




indoor advertising




outdoor advertising




online advertising




advertising in the publications









media package manager (mpm)




safety & security




against product piracy




explanation videos for your trade fair preparation






explanation videos for your trade fair preparation




ordering process in the shop




handling waste and recyclable materials during set-up and dismantling




structural inspection of your stand




requests for an e-charging station




ticketing services for exibitors









safety and hygiene concept









arrival
getting to the frankfurt fairgrounds




press

press materials of messe frankfurt group





press




press releases




press photos and videos









careers
job opportunities in germany and worldwide





contact












close search

search




overall search

event search

content search









category

overall search
event search
content search





search














close


                    share
                




facebook





x





linkedin





xing





whatsapp





line





recommend via e-mail





copy link to clipboard






















menu


search















en




                    de (de) - deutsch
                



                    en (gb) - english
                





























                        ish china & cihe20 – 22 februarybeijing
                    












for democracy and open-mindedness






“messe frankfurt has been bringing people together worldwide for around 800 years – across political, cultural and geographical borders. we support an open-minded, diverse society and stand up for democracy, peace, freedom and tolerance.”







                    
                    wolfgang marzin,
                    
                    president and chief executive officer of messe frankfurt
                







messe frankfurt – the marketing and service partner for trade fairs, congresses and other events
as a reliable partner to individual sectors, messe frankfurt creates innovative network platforms. in 2024*, messe frankfurt organised 334 events. the diversity of these events helps to come up with new, clearly defined solutions for the various questions facing business and society today – from artificial intelligence, renewable energy and mobility concepts to new forms of learning, intelligent textiles, personalisation and smart cities.
we know which future trends are currently of great importance to our customers and have close ties with policymakers, with diverse social institutions and, above all, with the sectors represented at our trade fairs.






*preliminary figures
































industry sectors
finding the right business partners – at messe frankfurt’s international innovation platforms.


















blog
current news about our company.

























                        with our multifunctional locations, we are the partner of choice for event formats of all kinds
                    












messe frankfurt: the partner of choice for successful events
every year, our locations play host to around 250 events. why not use our flexible, state-of-the-art locations and customised services for your event too?
right at the heart of germany and europe and with enviable transport connections, the messe frankfurt exhibition grounds are the ideal venue for trade fairs, conferences, agms or product launches. our congress and event locations offer you the right venue for congresses and conferences and for concerts, shows and other events – whether for 1,000 or 15,000 visitors.

        to the site map
    
















our highly versatile halls
you will benefit from the expertise of one of the world’s largest trade fair organisers. we will provide you with a suitable venue offer from the 400,000 m² of event space at our disposal. 













congress and event locations - suitable for your event
are you looking for an individual location for your congress, product presentation or event? then you need look no further than the congress center, the festhalle, kap europa or the forum.
























                        all information about equipment and streaming
                    












all trade fair services from a single source
as well as exhibition space, we offer a wide range of services, including logistics, stand construction, marketing, food services and catering, all of which help to bring out the best in your event. we are extending our range of analogue and digital services on an ongoing basis, investing wherever we see the best opportunity to create value for our customers.

        overview of services offered by messe frankfurt
    






logistics services







whether delivering your goods, storing material or renting out forklifts and cranes, messe frankfurt offers a wide range of logistics services on its exhibition grounds. fast, reliable and perfectly coordinated.


        to the logistics services
    







marketing







effective marketing is central to successful trade fair activities, as it helps you to raise your company’s profile. you can convey your messages directly to interested members of your target group at the frankfurt exhibition grounds and via online media.


        to the marketing opportunities
    







stand construction







leave it to the experts. after all, the fairconstruction specialists will be designing and constructing your stand on their own home base: the frankfurt exhibition grounds. for you, this means short, time-saving distances, superior quality and competitive conditions.


        to the stand construction options
    

















                        messe frankfurt increases group sales to €780 million 
                    












messe frankfurt: business model for global business
messe frankfurt is one of the most successful global players in its sector and the world’s largest trade fair, congress and event organiser with its own exhibition grounds.
for some 800 years, we have been bringing people together at our events, both in frankfurt and throughout the world. whether with our trade fairs, congresses or other events, with digital or analogue services – everything we do has always been focused on interaction between people.
with about 2,500 employees at 28 locations, we work around the globe to further the interests of our customers. in 2024*, 4.4 million visitors and about 98,000 exhibiting companies put their trust in the efficiency of our international network, the quality of our events and the digital expertise of messe frankfurt.
messe frankfurt brings together future trends with new technologies, people with markets, and supply with demand. where different perspectives and industry sectors come together, we create scope for new collaborations, projects and business models.

        about the company
    






*preliminary figures







            press releases by messe frankfurt
        

            go to press section
        








11 feb 2025


marketplace, business engine, optimism driver: increase in visitor numbers at frankfurt’s mega fair
despite a challenging market environment, the global consumer goods industry is proving to be resilient and full of energy. with 4,660 exhibitors and around 148,000 visitors , the trio ambiente, christmasworld, and creativeworld has once again cemented its position as the leading platform for consumer goods. over 170 nations were represented at the fully booked frankfurt exhibition grounds. the high level of participation and international reach once again highlight: the industry is evolving, but frankfurt remains its central meeting point.








13 jan 2025


order joy instead of buyers blues: nordstil winter inspires the industry
eight halls full with optimism, inspiration and new ideas for the retail sector – that was nordstil winter, which took place in hamburg from 11 to 13 january 2025. more than 750 exhibitors from 23 countries presented their new products for the finer things in life to around 14,000 visitors [1]. with this result, the first consumer goods trade fair in germany of the year achieved an increase in visitors. the conclusion of the nordstil community: the mood in the retail sector is better than the experts' forecasts had suggested, and retailers were keen to place orders.








28 nov 2024


new consumer goods fair in brazil:  messe frankfurt launches interior lifestyle south america
messe frankfurt is expanding its consumer goods portfolio by awarding its partner grupo eletrolar the licence for interior lifestyle south america in brazil. the premiere event will be presenting the very latest products from the home and living sector in são paulo from 23 to 26 june 2025. 







                    go to press section
                














follow us




instagram




twitter




youtube




linkedin









do you have any questions?


















































contact



all about your arrival


















































































































































































































arrival










previous


next






























        imprint
    



        privacy policy
    



        terms and conditions
    


© messe frankfurt gmbh
















