home | farmers state bank

  


homeskip to main contentskip to footerdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files. announcement farmers state bank close alert 
just a reminder:
if you receive a phone call or text message that appears to be from farmers state bank, remember to never give out your passwords or verification codes.  farmers state bank will never ask for this information and will never ask you to click on any links to verify your information.  fdic logofdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. government farmers state bank toggle navigation close tablet/mobile menu personal business who we are locationstoggle search loginneed help?search our siteclose search dialogsearch  go welcome backonline bankingclose login dialogfsb internet banking id loginforgot password    online banking info learn more about online bankingdon't have an account? enroll now personalbank with usfind a loanfinancial educationbanking on the goback

checking


compare checking accounts

overdraft protection



savings


compare savings accounts

hsas



investments


certificates of deposit

iras



cards


debit cards

atm cards

credit cards

gift cards



back

consumer loans

mortgages

meet our consumer lenders

meet our mortgage lenders

calculators

back

life stages student

life stages getting started

life stages family on the go

life stages pre-retirement

financial literacy

customer security awareness

back

online banking

mobile banking

telephone banking

text banking

digital wallets

zelle®

businessbankinglendingbusiness servicesbanking on the goback

checking


compare checking accounts



savings


compare savings accounts

hsas



cards


debit cards

credit cards

atm cards

gift cards



business customer inquiry

back

agricultural lending

commercial loans

meet our business lenders

back

re$ubmitit

merchant services

merchant capture

cash management

business customer security awareness

back

online banking

mobile banking

telephone banking

text banking

digital wallets

who we areconnect with usabout usback

customer support center

locations & hours

contact us

back

commitment to accessibility

fsb in the community

our people

our history

investor relations

careers

cra public file 

farmers state bank   mobile bankingour app brings themobile branch to you.
banking on the go! enjoy the convenience of mobile banking right from your smartphone or tablet.get our app    ready to grow
the right loans for your business.
we have the business loan solutions to take your business to the next level.
see commercial loans   see agriculture loans    banking should be easy - and freestart managing your money quickly and easily.
your checking account should work for you, not the other way around.
simply free checking play top slider  pause top slider  
local bank. smart solutions.
we help keep you moving forward on your financial journey.

  
online banking
online banking allows you to do your banking from the comfort of your home or office. flip card #1 for more streamline your life

transfer funds, pay bills, review account activity and more!

online banking view front of card #1 
new car smell?
we make finding the right auto loan a whole lot easier. flip card #2 for more get some new wheels with a car loan

whether you're looking for a new or used car loan, we can help you get behind the wheel. refinancing options available too.

auto loans view front of card #2 
own your future
we're ready to help our neighbors and communities meet their financial goals flip card #3 for more 
take charge of your finances

whether you're opening your first checking account, financing higher education or saving for retirement, your financial situation is unique.

financial education
 view front of card #3 
pay the easy way
securely make purchases with your smartphone or smartwatch flip card #4 for more 
breeze through checkout

leave your wallet at home and use your preferred epayment brand to make fast, safe, contactless purchases.

digital wallets
 view front of card #4   
estatements
simplify your banking with estatements.
access your bank statements online – with estatements. review balances, payments, deposits and other transactions from your computer any time of day with no waiting for the mail.
see estatements details
    join our team
find the place you can grow. not just work.
we’re always looking for people who are passionate about serving their community to join our team.
view career opportunities      student
start your path to sound money management
    getting started
enter the workforce with financial confidence
    family on the go
managing the financial responsibilities of family life.
    pre-retirement
let's get you ready for your next adventure.
          
don't miss a thing.
well, well, well, so you're after the freshest news about fsb?we can give you that. sign up for our newsletter and we'll send it straight to your inbox.
  newsletter signup newsletter email form 
welcome
sign up for our future email list.
 * required
leave me blank for email collection.

first name last name email* 




enter the characters you see*



play audio 
download audio


enter the characters you hear*


audio captcha
refresh
image captcha
refresh



captcha answer


sign up for newsletter there was an error submitting the form.noticethis form requires javascript be turned on for it to work. please turn on javascript and refresh the page if you would like to submit an online form. if you cannot turn on javascript, we encourage you to contact your nearest branch location. thank you for your submission!
we will be in touch with you soon. back to the top farmers state bank  

privacy notice

terms of use

deluxe check ordering

careers

commitment to accessibility

 

facebook

twitter

linkedin

©  farmers state bank. 

  read more about our accessibility statement  

