





national association of media brokers nambonline








  
			                
			


 
         
			home       
			officers       
			directory       
			media websites       
			code of ethics 
 












                    the national association of media brokers was established in 1985 as an association to promote its membership 
                    to the radio and television industries that its members serve.

                    
                    namb members have been involved in billions of dollars of transactions since its founding in 1986.

click here 
                      to contact an officer for more information on how to better use our service. 
the namb is proud to be a founding supporter of the broadcasters foundation of america. this organization - which offers financial support to broadcasters who are down on their luck - is worthy of your support as well.




 welcome!
thank you for visiting the website of the national association of media brokers!
the membership of the namb consists of a wide range of media brokers located throughout the country, with many years of experience in the broadcasting industry and in the field of media brokerage.
our members find great satisfaction in helping current owners, who in many cases have spent a lifetime developing their stations and serving their local communities, sell their stations and realize the fruits of their labor. our brokers also find satisfaction in helping individuals realize their dream of ownership or helping current group owners expand their companies and develop a bigger footprint.
for sellers, our members bring the skills to help you prepare and price your stations for sale, prepare marketing materials, identify prospective buyers and make your way through the selling process all the way to the finish line. on the buying side, our members can help identify the right stations for you, help you procure financing, guide you through the buying process and help you at closing.
the media brokerage community has a unparalleled knowledge, history and access to current licensees, prospective buyers, former owners and access to the services related to broadcasting: legal, financial, engineering, programming and consulting.
selling and buying stations requires a special set of knowledge and skills which a qualified media broker possesses. if you have any questions or would like further information, don't hesitate to reach out to one of our members!
best wishes!, 
ed henson
                      henson media, inc.
                      
                      president
                      
                    national association of media brokers











 



copyright © 2004 - 2024
			national association of media brokers, all rights reserved
website maintained by roger rafson, cms station brokerage. 








