





  


title companies in dallas, ft. worth and texas - superior abstract & title



















paperless closer login







					call us at: 214-705-1310 | follow us on
				




















closing costs


company profile


mission/vision


testimonials




services


10 reasons to choose sat


list of services




place an order


quick tools


view your account


texas title insurance rate card


what is title insurance?


trec forms


glossary


underwriters




contact us




















quick links


title insurance calculator


list of licensed counties


place an order online





welcome to superior abstract and title

							deadlines. everyone comes up against them at some point in time, and they're never relaxing or easy. they require pressure to perform, balance and coordination of different schedules and time demands that can be stressful and taxing. at superior abstract and title, we don't claim to know more about deadlines than anyone else - what we do claim is the ability to provide you with the tools and services to meet them without the headache, stress and hassle that often accompanies them.
							
denise lamothe, owner










click here




what our clients say

							"superior" is just a word and the company name of superior abstract & title. if it is put into action it becomes superior service. this is what many of my real estate professionals and i have experienced. outstanding communication with us and our clients are above and beyond expectation and smooth transactions in sometimes frustrating deals have been handled in a professional and caring manner. even with a client who needed a closing outside of our immediate area the service has been better than expected. superior abstract & title provides a very high level in customer care from business development to closing, staff and management even after the buyers and sellers closed. thanks for being a great partner in our industry and making our lives easier.
							
							karl frey
							
regional sales manager



experience the benefits of closing with us!



						 
						introducing pinky!










paperless closer login



©2005-2021 superior abstract and title, llc. all right reserved

				independently owned & operated. privacy policy

				8240 preston road, suite 250, plano, texas 75024  |  office:  214-705-1310  |  fax:  214-705-1323
				



























































