










homerunweb: baseball books, stats, and more



 


































homerunweb: baseball books, stats, and more

welcome to homerunweb, a website about baseball statistics, book reviews, and more by david h. martinez, sabr member and author of the book of baseball literacy: 3rd edition.


about the book of baseball literacy
99¢ ebooks
statistics lessons
book reviews
about david h. martinez

theme by stijn








																		july 16th
								
								
								
									3:17 am
								
								
							

1 note



the book of baseball literacy: 3rd edition — just $2.99 for kindle, $14.95 paperback
the latest update of my magnum opus is now available. the book of baseball literacy has been called “thoroughly enjoyable” (booklist), “instructive and fun” (chicago sun-times), and “a must for any serious baseball library” (seth swirsky). the latest edition expands on the original with more depth, more stories, and more opinions — and it includes all the important events of the past decade.it’s available as an ebook edition exclusively for amazon kindle for just $2.99 and as a print edition for $14.95.visit the official web page.see book reviews from usa today and others.read excerpts from the book.buy kindle ebook from amazon for just $2.99buy print edition from amazon for just $14.95watch the book trailer:







																		july 15th
								
								
								
									2:58 am
								
								
							

0 notes



99¢ ebook for kids about jackie robinson and roberto clemente
this short ebook aimed at young readers tells the stories of two of the most famous and most important players in baseball history—how they overcame difficult challenges and, through the force of their will and determination, became more than just great athletes. they also became honest-to-goodness heroes. the ebook is aimed at young readers who are just learning about baseball history and want to find out about two of its most significant figures. it’s also perfect for parents who want to read to their children about players who exemplify what it means to persevere, show courage, and achieve a greater purpose.just 99¢. buy it now for amazon kindle.







																		july 12th
								
								
								
									1:27 pm
								
								
							

1 note



statistics lessons
lesson 1: what’s an on-base percentage?this stat should have replaced batting average as the basic unit of measure for offensive players because it simply and concisely measures the most important element of being a hitter: getting on base.lesson 2: what is sabermetrics?sabermetrics is the study of baseball using advanced statistics to analyze the game. we’ll examine what it means and why it’s controversial.lesson 3: what’s an earned run average (era)?as the basic statistical measure of a pitcher, era determines the average number of earned runs scored against a pitcher every nine innings.







																		july 10th
								
								
								
									1:23 pm
								
								
							

2 notes



book reviews
read a full-length book reviews written by david h. martinez of the following books:license to deal: a season on the run with a maverick sports agent  by jerry crasnicka fascinating look at a part of baseball that, surprisingly, gets very little attention.summer of ‘49 by david halberstamexhaustively researched, the book is full of stories and facts and insights that will surprise and delight both the casual and the most relentless student of baseball history.






