





bator international inc classic motorcycle sales


















































































 







		skip to content










 





home
bikes for sale
consignments
about
 

contactcontact 







 







 







main menu

 









home
bikes for sale
consignments
about
 









 












bator international 






view current motorcycles for sale























below are links to just a few of the many fine motorcycles we are currently offering. see our complete inventory here.  












 




1961 harley davidson fl duo glide 



1957 saw the very last rigid frame 74ci. big twin model roll off the harley assembly line and, in 1958, harley davidson introduced the very first “duo glide” more 








 





1953 harley davidson panhead "billy bike" replica 



this 1953 harley davidson panhead is a perfect replica of the “billy bike” from the movie easy rider  more 








 




1942 harley davidson wla with sidecar 



…nicely rebuilt 45ci. harley davidson “liberator” military motorcycle retains the original combat… more 












 




1960 bsa trackmaster rocket gold street tracker 



sporting the iconic bsa super rocket pre unit 650cc motor and four speed gear box, this incredible 1960 bsa trackmaster rocket gold street tracker is more than just a pretty face.  more 








 




1957 harley davidson xl sportster 



when harley davidson upgraded the old model k with a new, all-iron ohv top end in 1957, the sportster was introduced and quickly became an american icon, and harley-davidson’s most successful model. more 








 




1982 honda cb900 custom 



…an exclusive us model only, sporting the 902cc air-cooled dohc inline 4-cylinder engine rated for 95 hp …more 














see our complete inventory





















at bator international we offer some of the world's finest motorcycles and more... 











classic motorcycle sales 



check out our current inventory of classic. antique and collectible motorcycles. if you don’t see you’re perfect bike, be sure to contact us today and we’ll find the motorcycle that is just right for you. 











consignments 



do you have a bike or a collection of bikes that you are ready to sell? we can help, contact us today and we’ll put your motorcycle(s) in front of a world full of people who are sure to be excited by what you have to offer.in addition to traditional sales through our online motorcycle marketplace, when you entrust the sale of your motorcycle to bator international, you’ll also have the choice of listing your bike in one of our upcoming online auctions. this combination is likely to help you get the best price for your motorcycle, as quickly as possible. 











bator classic auctions 



batorclassicauctions.com a great way to sell your motorcycles, automobiles, or even an entire estate. check it out here or contact us today. 







classic motorcycles, memorabilia and more... 




 




















don't miss out on your favorite bike... 










join our mailing list


















 







about bator international, inc. has been offering many of the world’s finest classic motorcycles and serving the collector’s needs since 2000. in addition to this site, please be sure to check out batorclassicauctions.com where we offer an ever changing selection of rare motorcycles, memorabilia, rare estate items and much more.

 



serviceshome
bikes for sale
consignments
about
contact
motorcycle museum
youtube channel
 



contact bator international is your first choice for classic motorcycles and more!

ojai, ca
+1 805-646-9566
batorintl@gmail.com
 









copyright © 2025 bator international inc
 



powered by j. thow designs
 




















