








home - town of brookeville, md




























































skip to content



town of brookeville, md





home
about our town

the brookeville times

brookeville times archives


maps & boundaries
historical overview
faq


town government

town staff
town officials

town commissioners
brookeville planning commisison


operations

finance
services
elections and voter registration


charter, municipal code & policies


facilities

brookeville academy

rental information
academy history


schoolhouse

rental information




contact us
 

















founded by richard thomas, jr, and his wife deborah brooke thomas. in 1794, brookeville is a historically significant 19th-century rural settlement in upper montgomery county, maryland, approximately 18 miles north of the district of columbia. covering approximately 60 acres, the town consists of 55 individual properties and has an estimated population of 135 residents.
in august 1814, during the war of 1812, british forces captured and burned washington, dc. residents escaped the attack by heading north. in the town of brookeville, they were given food and shelter.
as the sun set on august 26, 1814, a weary james madison rode into the town of brookeville. the president of the united states had been on the move for nearly three days since he left washington ahead of the british troops marching to capture the city. in brookeville, the president found a small but prosperous industrial town overflowing with other refugees from washington. after a night spent at the home of leading residents caleb and henrietta bentley, madison and his attendants returned to washington the next morning. his stay made the town “u.s. capital for a day”, a title the town still proudly claims today.

 







				reserve the brookeville academy			








				reserve the schoolhouse			




announcements

commissioners meeting
the commissioners meeting will be held via zoom on wednesday, february 19, 2025, immediately following the semi-annual meeting.
all meetings are open to the public.


planning commission meeting 
the next brookeville planning commission will be held via zoom on tuesday, march 4, 2025, at 7:30 pm.
all meetings are open to the public.


semi-annual town meeting
wednesday, february 19, 2025
7:00 pm via zoom
2025-02-19. semi annual agenda


brookeville event calendar



 

home
about our town
town government
facilities
contact us



					town of brookeville
5 high street
brookeville, md 20833
phone: 301-570-4465

					clerk@townofbrookevillemd.org




					© copyright town of brookeville, md				

					website by clark concepts

dcyeti-anthonyahn


































