


slash design - nick healey




















slash design
tech design that
					works first time
					for normal users



about
things i do
things i know
things i've done
things people say
info / contact












hello — i'm nick healey
i've been designing award-winning, people-pleasing, industry-changing tech products for over 25 years.

here's what i can do, what i know, and some designs i've architected. some of these designs have changed industries, because they work first time, "out-of-the-box", for ordinary people.






things i do


 help a product 
⋘⋘
 help a project 
⋘⋘
 help a company 


help a product: design review
give me a spec, design or relevant product, and i'll write you a little review, free of charge (you won't even have to reply)






things i know




good user research = better input
and behind any good survey lies great care:
												— have a comments box for every question - provides all kinds of eye-opening input
												— fewer questions = better data. lose questions if the answers won't change your project
												— one misunderstanding can wreck it - find your best wordsmiths, and have dry-runs





early design = better agile
before you start coding features:
												— maximise your target user base (even if you aim to focus on one set of users)
												— make workflows to cover their goals
												— do product-wide wireframes, just deep enough to show it'll all hang together







obvious for everyone = better sales
most tech still gives normal users problems (you'll know, if you do user research):
												— techies like "fewest taps, fastest navigation"; users don't care, prefer obviousness
— users want bombproof data and ui: they fear screenfuls of settings may "break" something
												("obvious to use" is hard to design)





what to fix = better product
which bugs stop you shipping? who decides?
												— each user goal is a chain of screens and interactions, as strong as its weakest link
												— can your agile product owner appreciate how a wording tweak may be a key fix?
												— (at apple, product designers, who "live in users' heads", make these decisions)




 
 agile does not mean "code, test, repeat"
if you'd like agile projects to be more predictable and the products easier to use, start with an "architect" – from a downward-thinking cpo to an upward-thinking interaction designer.
and before you code, let your architect think about and analyse what users would really like/need, discuss it with users, draw up some system-wide wireframes (just like an architect's blueprints) that deliver on that, and run that past users. but this is not "waterfall": they only design just deep enough to show that this overall design hangs together, and that all the key things you want your users to do will indeed work, clearly and simply.
									
this is entirely agile-compatible, and will help your agile software teams deliver you software first time that does what your users want, in ways they can understand, enjoy, love.

the "last responsible moment" is very early indeed for product design decisions.(in code design, not so much.)
									





things i've done
 




ux designer for inamo, and its on-table interactive ordering experience, voted 'best restaurant in london' by time out readers





ux/design consultant to flook, a location-explorer iphone app, which
												won 'best user experience' at the mobile premier awards, barcelona. (it was also 'staff pick' on both the us and uk apple store)







ux/design consultant to zeebox, a tv-accompaniment ipad app, which apple made their appstore 'app of the week'





designer and project leader for psiwin, a file manager & connectivity suite, which won 'best uk product' at ziff-davis europe's "software excellence awards"







sole software designer (product/ux) for psion pdas and for the original symbian os, a mobile platform so well-received that the world's mobile industry came together and made it the world smartphone standard for the next 10 years.



nowadays, i mainly help out at joy of plants
ever taken over the world? ;)
not many people can say they were the sole designer of a world-conquering mobile os…(!) but i was the sole designer of psion's symbian os, and the functionality and ui of the whole platform was my job (just as i was sole designer on a decade of previous psion pdas).
in 1998, shortly after the release of this symbian os platform, the whole mobile world (nokia, ericsson, motorola, panasonic) came together to standardise on it, for the next decade.
i've since designed a huge range of apps, uis, and devices, for dozens of clients of all sizes.
patent work
i wrote my first patent while still at symbian. since leaving there:
									— i have filed two patent applications of my own, one hardware and one software — both patents were granted and both sold
									— i've been contracted by two companies to help them with the patent creation process
									— i've conducted half a dozen "prior art" research projects for a variety of law firms, mainly as the user interface specialist at hillebrand consulting engineers






things people say
 

danny potter, founder of inamo restaurants:
"we believe nick is one of the world's outstanding people when it comes to user interface design. if more people built user-friendly interfaces like nick, then the world would be a simpler, easier and better place to live and work in."
mark gretton, cto crave interactive & tomtom:
"at crave we put diners in control of the food ordering process, and fundamental to that is a tablet ux that's completely intuitive. our user tests threw up a seemingly intractable design problem, but after half a day with nick we had an elegant solution that our users loved."
jane sales, founder of ambient industries, creators of 'flook':
"nick has that unusual ability in an ex-techie (not that he'd thank you for reminding him of that) to understand how 'normal' people think. he was invaluable during the design phase of flook, helping me to design a ui that the user never feels lost in, and that delights and pleases."
charles davies, cto tomtom & psion:
"nick is one of those rare people who can design world-class software experiences and will change the mindset of software development teams he works with to design more from the user experience backwards."
paul sherwood, ceo codethink & teleca:
"nick is the first person i turn to for guidance on user interaction design. he brings unique insight, and is superb at bridging the gap between users, designers and engineers."
colly myers, ceo 63336, symbian:
"nick is simply one of the world's best ux designers. having honed his skills at psion he has gone on to work on a wide range of products over many years, giving him wisdom as well as bone deep knowledge of design."






info / contact
if you've an interesting project and you're wondering if i might be of use, try me out for free – tell me about your project, then point me at some relevant product, spec or design and i'll write you a little review, free of charge (you won't even have to reply) –
 email me 
 
questions?
"this site looks a bit basic?"sure — i wouldn't want you thinking i was a website designer. i design (to wireframy levels) products and services that deliver things normal people want to do, in ways they can understand.
"why can't i check you out from your social media?"some people post endlessly, recycling others' opinions, vying for your attention, trying to stand out. (it's a life, i suppose.) instead, i'd rather give you the above taster of "things i know" and "things i've done", and if you like the sound of those, offer you the chance to try me out for free.







© slash design ltd 2018+ — all rights reserved.
designed with: html5 up













