


upland journal for the upland bird hunting enthusiast



























































  


 











































 





















"if
                                                  you're like me, you long for
                                                  the crisp days of fall with
                                                  the aroma of decaying leaves,
                                                  the rush of a grouse flush
                                                  and the ballet of the woodcock
                                                  rise. we are for the most part
                                                  a solitary group, a minority
                                                  if you wish, disciples of uncivilized
                                                places and wild birds."
 upland journal
                                                  online magazine & bulletin board will be
                                                  14 years old in late march of
                                                  2016. what started as just
                                                  an idea has evolved into a
                                                  web community that stretches
                                                  coast-to-coast, into canada
                                                and abroad. 
 the
                                                    upland talk bulletin board is the
                                                  heart-and-soul of uj and continues to boast
                                                   over  3000 registered and active members
                                                  and countless guests and visitors.
                                                  this  primarily public/global board has become
                                                  the place for upland bird hunters
                                                  to share knowledge, gain information,
                                                  and just plain shoot the breeze.
                                                  the uj discussion community enjoys a wide range of member resources from veterinarians, to gunsmiths, to dog trainers and breeders. sporting writers and  wildlife artists
                                                  have found the site/bb to be
                                                  a rich source for ideas and
                                                inspiration. but it's the earnest bird hunters on the board that bolster the mix and make it such a rich and unique meeting place.
"uj get-togethers" continue to be annual events,
                                                  so much so that there is a
                                                  forum devoted to these activities.
                                                  folks who have met on uj gather
                                                  from all corners of the country
                                                  for bird hunts, skeet/clay
                                                  shooting, dog training, or
                                                  just to meet and enjoy one
                                                  another's company. the networking
                                                  created through the board has
                                                  cemented many lifelong friendships.
none of the above could be
                                                    possible without the generosity
                                                    of the contributing members using
                                                    the subscription/donation format.
                                                    contributing members enjoy
                                                    enhanced priviliges including a swap & trade classified ad forum, and an upland artisans forum. these forums provide more information, opportunity and resources to all members. registration to become a member to the bb can no longer be open 24/7/365 due to spammers but is opened periodically. information can be found by
                                                reviewing applicable topics on  the administration/moderating updates forum.
the
                                                  upland
                                                  gear store is open for
                                                  business with uj merchandise
                                                  and upland products including a grouse fan plaque-display, uj hats, uj coffee mugs and more.
as always, i am looking forward to another year of entertainment, information, commiseration and comradery. so pull up a stool. i'll see you all on 'the board'. 
 brad
                                                    eden
owner, publisher,
                                                    editor, administrator & moderator 
upland
                                                  journal online magazine & bulletin board
                                                

letter
                                                        from the editor, 2005letter
                                                        from the editor, 2003/2004 
letter
                                                  from the editor, march 2002








 














 
                   
                





































letters 
            | features 
            | departments 
            | photo gallery 
            | upland 
            talk | upland 
            links | upland gear
upland library | 
            upland outfitters 
            | swap & trade 
            | submissions 
            | contact us | 
            home
©2004/05 
              upland journal
site 
              designed in patnership with insyt 
              new media













