


home



































login

username



password



login



recover your password

email address



recover password

 






























search




login







 








			home
		



			about us
		

about us
fma awards
fma in a flash
 fma history
president's message
fma partners
fma swag
photo gallery
contact fma




			membership center
		

membership center
remote toolkit
recruitment and retention
why you should join fma
chapter development
chapters
chapter locations
member perks
virtual recruitment kit
member at large membership renewal
scholarships
online application
faq




			legislative action center
		

legislative action center
action letters
washington report
fma at work
resources and links
fma-pac
grassroots toolkit
issue briefs
legislative tracker
fma priorities
testimony
president's letters
opm data breach information
legislative faq
fma, sequestration, and furloughs




			news and media
		

news and media
press releases
fma working for you
in the news
the federal manager magazine
opinions and editorials




			events
		

events
national convention 2025
events faq




			members only
		

members only
executive board meeting minutes
2018 training day presentations
2017 training day presentations
membership database








federal managers association
advocating excellence in public service
the federal managers association, established in 1913, is the oldest and largest association representing the interests of the 200,000 managers, supervisors and executives serving in today’s federal government.
join now



 















fma working for you
fma update on president's executive orders and other directives affecting feds - february 3, 2025

 on february 3, the federal managers association sent this letter to president trump reiterating areas in which we hope to work together with his administration, and pointing out some of our concerns with actions his admini... 
read full story




washington report
fma washington report: february 7, 2025

 this report communicates what fma’s professional staff is doing on behalf of fma members in washington, d.c., and provides an update on issues affecting federal managers. click here to view the february 7, 2025, edition of... 
read full story




in the news
trump administration directs agencies to fire recent hires en masse - february 14, 2025

 eric katz, government executive -

the trump administration is moving to aggressively fire nearly all recent hires still in their probationary periods, a move that could lead to the dismissal of hundreds of thousands of st... 
read full story




press releases
fma statement on workforce  optimization executive order - february 12, 2025

 alexandria, va – president trump signed an executive order yesterday titled “implementing the president’s department of government efficiency workforce optimization initiative.” the purpose of this eo is “to restore accoun... 
read full story




opinions & editorials
fma's carter speaks to washington post against politicization of federal workforce - december 20, 2024

 fma national president craig carter joined senior executives association president marcus hill in a joint interview with washington post columnist joe davidson earlier this week on the expected return of schedule f to the ... 
read full story












recent fma successes paid parental leave: fma supported the successful effort to provide 12 weeks of paid parental leave for new mothers and fathers (by birth, adoption, or foster) of a new child.wounded warriors federal leave act: fma originated the idea and shepherded legislation that created disabled veteran leave.preventing cuts to benefits: fma stopped harmful proposals to feds, protecting the benefits they have rightly earned. find more fma successes here!

membership

the federal managers association is the only professional association advocating for all federal managers, supervisors and executives
your pay, retirement benefits, and job are being targeted. we fight to protect what you have earned.
we advocate for legislation that helps our members by meeting with decision makers, testifying before congress, briefing legislators, crafting legislation, and mobilizing our members to fight for good government policies.
fma provides members training for both grassroots action and general skills improvement, helping you become a stronger leader and creating opportunities for advancement.

 learn more




we are fma!


















































previous



next






announcements
fma's legislative tracker - 118th congressmake your voice heard - send action lettersread the latest issue of the federal manager magazine!
opm guidance for shutdown furloughsopm presents: thriving in a hybrid environmentfma's remote employee engagement leadership (reel) toolkit








partners

















































advocating excellence in public service 











why join fma?
the association’s considerable influence stems from a team approach to advocacy. when lawmakers or agency decision-makers consider proposals that could adversely affect the management of the federal workforce, they quickly
            realize that team fma stands together to protect the interests of all its members.
contact fma 
fma national office

1641 prince street alexandria, va 22314-2818
phone: (703) 683-8700
email: info@fedmanagers.org







copyright © 2014 - 2021 federal managers association. all rights reserved
https://fedmanagers.org/ 

















