
gem stone jewelry, fine gem stone jewelry custom made both gold and sterling silver jewelry with gem stones











gem stone jewelry, fine jewelry with gem 
stones in gold and sterling silver 




home 
sp 

custom jewelry 
      claddagh rings 
      emerald rings 
      diamond rings 
      garnet jewelry 
      mothers rings 
      
sp 

rings 01
rings 02
rings 03
rings 04
rings 05
rings 06

sp 

men's rings 01 
      men's rings 02 
      men's rings 03 
      men's garnet rings 
      men's claddagh ring 
      men's sapphire rings 
      
sp 

custom silver rings claddagh silver rings 
      gem stone rings 
      ruby engagement rings 
      multi gemstone rings 
      amethyst diamond ring 
      
sp 

birth stone charts 
      claddagh ring history 
      all about kunzite gems 
      all about tanzanite 
      gems all about chrysoprase gems 
      all about emerald gems 
      
sp 

contact email, payment 
      

gem stone jewelry 
fine custom gem stone jewelry in gold and sterling silver 


over 3,500 skilled craftsmen 200 
million carats of gemstones 6,000 buyers spread across 17 nations the 
world's largest online provider of high end custom gem stone jewelry 


gem stone jewelry is worn by millions 
of people on almost every part of the globe. with the rapid development of gem 
stone jewelry production in many nations, the options for gem stone gold jewelry 
or sterling silver gem stone jewelry is mind boggling. the price range for fine 
gem stone jewelry can vary widely depending on a few factors. gold gem stone 
jewelry would surely be more expensive as compared to silver jewelry with gem 
stones, because of the high price of gold. it is important to note that, there 
is really no reason why sterling silver jewelry with gems should have inferior 
craftsmanship as compared to gem stone jewelry with gold. the term 'fine gem 
stone jewelry' should include both gold and silver jewelry with gem stones. 
kaisilver is the world's leading online provider of high end gem 
stone jewelry. all our custom gem stone jewelry is worked on by some of the 
finest craftsmen and we do not mass produce our merchandise. all jewelry 
can be ordered in 14k or 18k white or yellow gold with gem stones of your 
choice. you can choose from our gorgeous designs or send us images of your 
favourite designs to be custom made. since individual attention is provided to 
every single jewel all your preferences can be taken care of and we provide a 
high degree of customization and flexibility that no other jeweler can 
match. on this page we introduce you to some of the custom made fine gem 
stone jewelry created by us. our buyers include members of the u.s armed 
forces, doctors and surgeons, engineers, sportsmen, lawyers, resort and casino 
owners, government officials, fashion models, and others from every walk of 
life. spend some time browsing our merchandise and you will realize why we are 
the most preferred source for high end gem stone jewelry. we do not compete 
on price and do not compromise on quality and this ensures that you get the 
best value for your money. 





 
 
 
 


emerald gem stone 
      jewelry 

gem stone jewelry for men 
      

multiple gem stone bracelet 
      

custom topaz gemstone 
      ring 




 
 
 
 


affordable diamond 
      jewelry 

garnet gem stone jewelry 

gem stone jewelry with 
      meaning 

aquamarine gemstone 
      gold rings 




 
 
 
 


custom gem stone cuff 
      links 

gem stone promise 
      rings 

custom made wedding 
      bands 

custom sapphire gem 
      ring 




 
 
 
 


garnet gem stone rings 
      

gemstone cat rings 
      custom 

opal gem stone jewelry 
      

belly ring 14k or 18k 
      gold 




 
 
 
 


tanzanite gemstone 
      jewelry 

custom men's wedding 
      rings 

blue sapphire gemstone 
      ring 

japanese hayabusa 
      pendant 

why is gem stone jewelry worn? gem stone jewelry is 
not something new or recent, the history of jewelry with gem stones can be 
traced back to many hundred years. the beauty of gem stone jewelry was always 
something that fascinated mankind but there are a few other reasons for wearing 
gem stone jewelry too. in the next few paragraphs we will try to cover the major 
reasons for which jewelry with gem stones is worn. (01) the 
beauty of gem stones: the beauty, color and glitter of gem stone jewelry 
will impress almost all of us. the study of gem stones has today developed into 
an entire science and you will today find a gem stone in just about any 
color that you fancy. for example, gem stone jewelry with green gem stones 
could include gems in almost half a dozen shades of green. jewelry with green 
gem stones would surely include, emeralds, peridot, green tourmaline, green 
apatite, green jade and chrysoprase. the same can be said of almost any gem 
stone color that is used to make jewelry. another interesting option when 
talking about gem stone jewelry is the possibility of combining gem 
stones or mixing and matching gem stones of different colors in the same 
jewel. you could for example combine a yellow citrine gem stone with a red 
garnet gem stone in your ring. or if you need a less stark color contrast then 
consider combining a light blue topaz gem stone with a very deep blue topaz gem 
stone in your ring or pendant. the effect is soothing and almost hypnotizes your 
senses. the options are endless so let your imagination run wild. 
(02) gem stones as birthstones: there are certain types of 
gem stone jewelry that have a special meaning and importance for the people who 
wear them. there is a belief since ancient times that a gem stone represents the 
day on which any person was born. a jewel worn with the birth stone set in it is 
supposed to bring good luck and good fortune to the person wearing the birth 
stone jewel. we have included a table below that specifies the birth stone that 
represents the 12 months of the year. at kaisilver, all gem stone jewelry can be 
made with gem stones of your choice and you can therefore order any jewel as a 
birth stone jewel. 

birthstone and zodiac sign information


month born
zodiac sign 
birthstone 

january 
capricorn
garnet

february 
    aquarius
amethyst

march 
pisces
aquamarine

april 
aries
diamond or white zircon

may 
taurus
emerald

june 
gemini
pearl

july 
cancer
ruby

august 
leo
peridot

september 
virgo
sapphire

october 
libra
opal

november 
scorpio
citrine or topaz

december 
sagittarius
turquoise(03) special properties 
of gem stones: ancient records can be found of popular beliefs regarding the 
special healing and curing properties of gem stones. wearing of gem stone 
jewelry was influenced by such beliefs in almost all parts of the world. an 
example is bloodstone which is supposed to improve blood circulation and 
carnelian which is believed to bring calm and peace to the mind. pendants, 
amulets and rings were the most common forms of gem stone jewels that were worn 
to harness the special powers and properties of gem stones. kaisilver does not garauntee any special healing powers of any gemstones 
and the information here is provided only as a record of historical occurences. 
(04) prestige value of gem stone jewelry: the 
wearing of gem stone jewelry as a show of wealth and status was a later 
development. certain gem stones are mined in abundance like amethyst, citrine, 
topaz etc and do not command a very high price. however, gem stone jewelry with 
gems like rubies, sapphires, emeralds and tanzanite can be very expensive and 
are often used as a show of wealth. these gem stones are not very common and it 
is even more difficult to find them in larger sizes and good quality. gem stone 
jewelry studded with gem stones and diamonds are popular fashion accessories for 
wealthy buyers. in the above paragraphs we have tried to explain the 
reasons for the growing popularity of gem stone jewelry. depending on the type 
of gem stones and the reason for wearing the jewelry, prices can range from a 
few dollars to a few thousand dollars. kaisilver is the world's leading 
online provider of high end custom gem stone jewelry and all jewelry can be 
ordered in white or yellow gold with gem stones of your choice. 


why buy custom jewellry from kaisilver? 
the name you can 
trust: kaisilver is the world's largest online provider of high end custom 
jewellry. our buyers include fashion models, news readers, hotel and resort 
owners, members of the u.s and u.k armed forces, business professionals and 
doctors. we are directly networked to all the leading gemstone producers in over 
15 nations. over 3,500 skilled craftsmen and 5 of the best designers work on all 
kaisilver orders. all our jewelry is custom made in 14k or 18k white or 
yellow gold. you can choose from yellow or white gold and all gemstone options 
are available. since each piece is individually made, all design modifications 
are available. you can even send us images of your favourite designs to 
be custom made. buyer comments ....... received ring yesterday as you promised. it is 
stunning, more beautiful than i expected. the design and craftsmanship are 
outstanding. thank you again, it has been a pleasure doing business with you. i 
will highly recommend you to everyone i know, and look forward to doing business 
with you in the future. your entire staff has been professional and you 
displayed a high degree of honesty and integrity throughout the transaction. 
thank your staff and your craftsman for their incredible work. please feel free 
to use me as a reference as a extremely satisfied customer. take care, i wish 
you all well. lt. colonel james william brady usa, ret. beverly hills, 
florida. ......everyone at kaisilver, thank you so very much for the ring you 
made for my wife. we received it on friday, and she absolutely loves it. she 
wore it all weekend and showed it off to all of our family and friends. the ring 
is beautiful. ill be sure to look you up again the next time i need a beautiful 
piece of jewelry. thank you again. take care, and god bless. sincerely, 
mr.aaron mcwilliams, ca, usa thank you for the very handsome ring which i received 
today. it fits perfectly and it looks great on my hand. i am very impressed with 
the craftsmanship of this ring, the gold has a nice high polish inside and out, 
the center stone is clean with great color saturation...very nicely done. cant 
wait to receive my next order. thanks again, we shall stay in touch. mr.rick 
ugliono, usa more buyer comments click here to visit our custom jewellry 
section.    





 
 







 
 







 
 




ordering your jewelry from 
kaisilver do not be in a hurry to 
confirm and pay for your jewelry. take your time to read and understand all 
details. if you have any further queries or doubts please email us at sales@kaisilver.com and we will be glad to clear all 
your doubts. it does not matter whether the final order comes to us or not. the 
only important thing is that you make a well informed decision and do not make 
an impulse purchase. this is the way that we prefer to do business as it helps 
us bring back the human touch to online selling. shipping 
charges are 25 u.s$ and shipping will be within 4 to 5 weeks of order 
confirmation and receipt of payment. we need this time due to the immense amount 
of hand work involved in finishing each ring. all gemstones and diamonds are 
hand picked by experts and every gemstone is custom cut by highly skilled 
craftsmen. kaisilver follows some of the strictest quality control standards and 
each jewel is a true high end masterpiece. payment can be made 
through paypal to our email for paypal info@kaisilver.com and you can 
register for a free paypal account at www.paypal.com 
in recent months many buyers have complained regarding the 
huge amounts of information that paypal needs to open a new account. to handle 
this issue, we also accept payments through western union money transfer. 
the website provides information regarding western union agents near you and 
also accepts online payments from few countries like u.s and u.k. you can visit 
the website at http://www.westernunion.com in most 
cases, your bank would also help you with western union money transfers. you 
could also make payments through international money orders in u.s$. do 
let us know if you prefer money order or western union as a mode of payment and 
we will provide you with details for the same. 




subscribe to the free kaisilver newsletter. 

the kaisilver jewelry newsletter is one of the most respected jewelry 
and gemstone newsletters. each volume of our newsletter provides invaluable 
information in a simple, frank and straightforward manner. we cover topics that 
no other seller would dare disclose for fear of losing buyers. the 
information in our jewelry newsletter is not high gloss sales talk and consists 
of information, tips and suggestions that are collected by our team of experts. 





click here to see some 
      of our previous newsletters 

your e-mail address is kept confidential. we do not spam or sell your 
personal details. 

the kaisilver mailing list is independently maintained by bravenet.org 
and every email address added here passes through a double confirmation 
process. you can unscubscribe to our newsletter at any time by choosing 
'unsubscribe' from the box shown below. the details that you enter here are passed on to 
bravenet.org and you will receive an email request to re-confirm your 
subscription to our jewelry newsletter. it is only after this confirmation that 
you are added to the mailing list. 



 







join the 
            kaisilver mailing list





enter your 
                  name and email address:

name: 


email: 
 

subscribe      unsubscribe

 mailing list by bravenet for kaisilver
we are on your side bringing back the human touch to online 
selling 





more kaisilver 
      jewelry 


custom 
      jewelry * tanzanite jewelry * male rings * jewelry 
      newsletter * cat rings 
      * cuff links 
      * made to order jewellery 
      * men's wedding 
      bands * large men's 
      rings * custom fine jewelry * 
      wedding band collection 
      * men's pendants * jade claddagh 
      ring  * index 
      map 
*


some interesting facts about 
gem stone jewelry before we wind up this section on gem stone 
jewelry we would like to mention a few interesting facts that few other 
jewellers would ever disclose. at kaisilver, we believe that a well informed 
decision is in everyones interest and therefore try to provide complete facts 
and details. please spend some time and read the next few paragraphs, if you 
have any queries or doubts related to gem stones or jewelry, you can email us at 
sales@kaisilver.com and our team of experts will answer all 
your queries. strange facts: emerald gem stones need special care 
when wearing and storing. gem stone jewelry with emeralds can be very expensive 
so you should be aware of how to look after your gorgeous emerald gem stone 
jewelry. gem stones like kunzite will fade in color when exposed to bright 
light. this is a natural occurence and does not mean that kunzite that fades is 
not of good quality. traders often refer to chrysoprase as australian jade, but 
chrysoprase is infact not jade at all and is a form of chalcedony. 
gold color: if you choose to order your gem stone jewels in white 
gold remember that, dark colored gem stones will appear all the more dark when 
set in white gold. this is because of the stark contrast between the dark 
colored gem stone and the bright color of white gold. choose medium colored gems 
if they are to be set in white gold. gem stone setting: there are 
different ways in which gem stones can be set in jewelry. if your gem stone 
jewelry has prongs, ensure that the prongs are sturdy and not very thin or 
pointed. prongs have a tendency to stick in pockets and other places and can 
then open up. this could cause the gem stones to become loose and even drop off. 
thin prongs could easily open up and also scratch and damage delicate skin. 
expensive gem stones: gem stone jewelry can be made from various 
type of gems. we will not consider man made or synthetic gem stones but even 
genuine gems can have widely differing prices. gem stones like sapphire, 
emerald, ruby and tanzanite are not as abundant as gem stones like amethyst, 
citrine etc and are therefore more expensive. gem stone jewelry with gems like 
aquamarine, tourmaline, iolite and opal are not as expensive as jewelry with 
gems like rubies and sapphires. it is very unlikely that buyers of gem 
stone jewelry would have complete knowledge of gems. most sellers take advantage 
of this and are over enthusiastic to push buyers into making an impulse 
purchase. look for a jeweler who is willing to work with you and answer all your 
queries and doubts. it is rightly said that the right way to select a jewelry 
source is to '...... value the jeweller before you value the jewelry 
'. 


