





comprehensive dentistry




















 







 









skip to content




chevron-left



chevron-right



chevron-up



chevron-right



chevron-left



arrow-back



star



phone



quote







checkbox-checked



search



wrench



info





shield



play



connection



mobile



coin-dollar



spoon-knife



ticket



pushpin



location



gift



fire



feed



bubbles



home



heart



calendar



price-tag



credit-card



clock



envelop







facebook



instagram





twitter



youtube



pinterest



yelp



google



reddit



linkedin



envelope



bbb









pinterest



homeadvisor




angies








183 s. bloomingdale road, suite 200, bloomingdale, il 60108
book online
630-529-2522
 




menu









 





 







menuabout uscovid-19 safety protocolsmeet the doctorstour the officetestimonialsservicesgeneral dentistrydental cleaningsdigital x-rayscomprehensive examsgum careperiodontal therapyoral cancer screeningsfluoride treatmentcosmetic dentistryteeth whiteningcomposite bondinginvisalign® clear alignersporcelain veneersminimal-prep veneerscrown lengtheninggum recontouringtooth recontouringbotoxemergency dentistryendodontics and oral surgeryextractionssedation dentistryrestorative dentistryimplant dentistrydentures and partialscrowns and bridgessleep apneafull mouth restorationfillingsgum recessionmouthguardssmile gallerypatient informationbook onlinefinancial and insurancespecialsyour first visitpatient educationnew patient formscontact uscareers


 





menuabout uscovid-19 safety protocolsmeet the doctorstour the officetestimonialsservicesgeneral dentistrydental cleaningsdigital x-rayscomprehensive examsgum careperiodontal therapyoral cancer screeningsfluoride treatmentcosmetic dentistryteeth whiteningcomposite bondinginvisalign® clear alignersporcelain veneersminimal-prep veneerscrown lengtheninggum recontouringtooth recontouringbotoxemergency dentistryendodontics and oral surgeryextractionssedation dentistryrestorative dentistryimplant dentistrydentures and partialscrowns and bridgessleep apneafull mouth restorationfillingsgum recessionmouthguardssmile gallerypatient informationbook onlinefinancial and insurancespecialsyour first visitpatient educationnew patient formscontact uscareers

 








struggling with loose dentures?
our doctor’s are certified in implant supported dentures treatment
book online

 







#1 comprehensive dentistry in bloomingdale
book online

 






our services
we’re here to help you get the perfect smile
from comprehensive exams to tooth restorations, we can provide every member of your family with preventative care and treatments that will keep your smiles healthy.
 

general dentistry 

cosmetic dentistry 

emergency dentistry 

restorative dentistry 









a proud provider of invisalign® clear aligners















now accepting new patients
the first time patients walk through our doors they are almost always pleasantly surprised. in fact, their first response is usually, “wow! this doesn’t look or feel anything like a dental office!”
we greet you by name and offer you a beverage and a seat in our inviting reception area. a friendly member of our team will be your guide on a tour of our office. once the tour is complete, we take you to the examination room and help you get comfortable in one of our deluxe chairs. at this point, we will start getting to know your smile. we’ll take an oral history and x-rays, make a point to use intraoral cameras to show you what is happening in real time.

learn more 










offering a full range of premier dental solutions
at comprehensive dentistry, we offer all the dental services you could need under one roof. from preventative cleanings and invisalign® clear aligners to periodontal therapy and full mouth restorations, our professional team is here when you need premier general, cosmetic, or restorative dental services. better yet, we offer sedation dentistry for those looking to receive extra support during their visit with us. we understand that dental anxiety is a very real thing, and we’re here to put your worries at ease so you can get the dental care you need and deserve. our compassionate team does everything we can to create a warm and welcoming dental environment for our patients. see for yourself by allowing our office to be your smile’s new home! with a full range of services and a second-to-none dental staff, we look forward to catering to your unique smile.

learn more 







book online









serving bloomingdale and surrounding areas
our office is a serene, nurturing environment. extra touches like warm blankets, hot towels, and fresh coffee to leave you feeling soothed, refreshed, and renewed. experienced doctors who listen and treat you like a real person. these are just a few of the extras you will discover at comprehensive dentistry. but we really don’t consider them luxuries. we think this is the way dentistry should always be. you deserve it! we never rush you in and out of the door. instead, we always take plenty of time to listen, discuss, explain, and pamper.










schedule exceptional dental care
183 s. bloomingdale road, suite 200
bloomingdale, il 60108
  630-529-2522
hours of operation
monday: 7:00 am – 6:00 pm
tuesday: 7:00 am – 7:00 pm
wednesday: 7:00 am – 7:00 pm
thursday: 7:00 am – 6:00 pm
friday: 7:00 am – 2:00 pm
saturday: 8:00 am – 1:00 pm (1st and 3rd saturday of the month)



comprehensive dentistry of bloomingdalecomprehensive dentistry of bloomingdale, south bloomingdale road, bloomingdale, il, usa
view on google maps 







we help you afford the care you need and deserve!
comprehensive dentistry accepts most major dental insurance plans, and will work with you to help you understand your benefits.


we accept all major credit cards





back to the top







home
about us
services
smile gallery
patient information
contact us
careers
 






facebook







twitter




















           © 2025 comprehensive dentistry. all rights reserved.         

privacy policy
sitemap
home


















 




