nkf serving maryland & delaware | national kidney foundation skip to main content      clear all   sort by  recencyrelevancysearchmember loginrecursos en españoldonate nkf mega menu search results clear all   sort by  recencyrelevancy     member login     recursos en español  kidney health       kidney health kidney topics news & stories assess your kidney health diet & nutrition featured topics  chronic kidney disease (ckd)   estimated glomerular filtration rate (egfr)   stages of chronic kidney disease (ckd)   tests to check your kidney health   understanding your lab values and other ckd health numbers  see all kidney topicsbrowse by category  diet and nutrition   diseases and conditions   prevention, daily life, and wellbeing   tests and procedures   treatments and therapies  image hot topics in kidney health podcasttune in for the latest research and perspectives on kidney health from nkf.   related news & stories new administration, new policies: what it means for kidney patientscelebrate love with a kidney-healthy valentine’s day dinnerhow nkf got here: the fight for better kidney disease carehow nkf got here: kidney care in the 1960’s  see all news & stories browse by type  prevention & awareness   patient education   patient stories   advocacy  see all news & stories image how nkf's digital marketing director became an altruistic kidney donorhear how nkf's very own marketing director, dan emerson, chose to give the gift of life to a stranger.  image nkf patient journeyanswer a few questions and we will provide you with information about your kidney health.image ckd basics courselearn about the basics of kidney disease, how it is measured, and what happens if you have kidney failure.image know your riskanswer a few simple questions to find out if you are one of the 33% of adults in the u.s. who is at risk for kidney disease.featured topics  nutrition and kidney disease, stages 1-5 (not on dialysis)   phosphorus and your diet   potassium in your ckd diet   ckd diet: how much protein is the right amount?   sodium and your ckd diet: how to spice up your cooking  see all diet & nutrition topics tools & resourcesimage recipe findernutrition is key to managing kidney disease and your overall healthimage find a dietitianlooking for guidance on a kidney-friendly diet? find a dietitian in your area. image nutritionyour home for resources on eating with kidney disease or to care for your overall kidney health.    treatment & support       treatment & support dialysis transplant clinical trials healthcare resources wellness community connection featured topics  dialysis   hemodialysis   home hemodialysis   peritoneal dialysis   depression and dialysis  see all dialysis topics related news & stories the complete guide to home hemodialysis: benefits, challenges, and tipshow to avoid dialysis with a preemptive kidney transplantkicking it in dialysis: sneakers as symbols of hope and healingdealing with dialysis: music and art therapy  see all news & stories  image do you need support?nkf peers is a program where kidney patients, living donors, or care partners can connect over the phone with a trained mentor. featured topics  kidney transplant   xenotransplantation   the kidney transplant waitlist   care after kidney transplant  see all transplant topics related news & stories how nkf got here: the fight for better kidney disease carehow nkf got here: kidney care in the 1960’strailblazers in kidney care: dr. samuel l. kountzhow to avoid dialysis with a preemptive kidney transplant  see all news & stories  image kidney transplantation resourcesconsidering a kidney transplant? we’ll help you get started. featured topics  clinical trials   are clinical trials safe?   finding out more about clinical trials   kidney disease clinical trial directory   who can participate in a clinical trial  see all clinical trial topics related news & stories basic science, clinical research, and kidney disease treatmentskidney disease clinical trials: are they right for you?important research findings presented during national kidney foundation’s annual spring clinical meetings 2019 national young investigators forum winners  see all news & stories image join the kidneycare studyadvance kidney research by sharing your experience living with kidney disease.image impact patient-centered researchkidney research connect matches you with research projects based on your connection to kidney disease. image insuranceinsurance doesn’t have to be overwhelming. learn about insurance options and choosing a plan that is right for you.  image coping and self-careimplementing coping strategies and practicing self-care are essential components in effectively managing illness and promoting overall health and well-being.  image vaccine informationas a dialysis patient or transplant recipient you may be wondering — are vaccines safe for me? do i need them?  image nutritionlearn about a kidney-friendly diet, so you can stay healthy with kidney disease whether you are at home or dining out.  image exerciseexercise is important for everyone, especially for people with kidney disease.  image sexual healthkidney disease can affect your sexuality in many ways — from hormones, nerves, energy levels, even medicine. image nkf caresoffering support for people affected by kidney disease, organ donation, or transplantation.image local and national eventsattend a national kidney foundation event close to you.image nkf peerswhere kidney patients are connected with trained mentors who have been there themselves.image become a patient advocateadd your voice to voices for kidney health.image online communitieswhere patients and caregivers can share experiences, ask questions, and get answers.image patient storiesread empowering stories from patients and their loved ones.   transplantation       transplantation receiving a kidney transplant donating a kidney featured topics  kidney transplant   the kidney transplant waitlist   getting a kidney transplant   getting a living donor kidney transplant   life with a kidney transplant  see all transplantation topicsimage find a transplant workshopjoin us at a live event near you to learn more with the big ask, the big give.image learn more about kidney transplantdive deep with videos and patient stories in the kidney learning center. image resources & get involvedget connected for support on your transplant journey. featured topics  becoming a living donor   making the decision to donate   living donor evaluation   financial and insurance issues   what to expect after donation  see all kidney donation topicsimage learn more about living donationdive deep with videos and donor stories in the kidney learning center.image ready to take the next step?get started with information on how to connect with a transplant center. image resources & get involvedget connected with others who have donated a kidney.    for professionals       for professionals professional membership continuing education research ckdintercept kidney disease outcomes quality initiative (kdoqi) apps & tools image become a memberlearn more about all the benefits a nkf membership can provide.image fellowship of the national kidney foundationfnkf recognizes professionals for service to nkf.image member loginwe are multidisciplinary. we are clinicians and researchers. we are advocates.image nsw-cthe first national credentialed classification for nephrology social work.image access to nkf journalsnkf's journals feature the latest research in clinical nephology.image nkf professional councilsrepresentative bodies of nkf's professional membership.image professional education resource centercme/ce courses designed for professionals committed to improving patient outcomes.image life as a nephrology professional podcastexploring innovation and research in nephrology.image spring clinical meetingsnkf’s premiere educational event for the interprofessional kidney health team.image kidney commute podcastproviding connection through education and serving as an innovative opportunity to fulfill ce requirements. fundingimage grantsaccess information on available grants and open applications.image nkf innovation fundlearn about our game changing impact investment initiative. latest researchimage research spotlightsee how researchers are making strides in the fight against kidney disease.image nkf’s family of journalsnkf's journals feature the latest research in clinical nephrology. image find patient participants for your researchfind resources to connect you with patients and data for your research. what is ckdintercept? what is ckdintercept?a groundbreaking initiative from the national kidney foundation to improve chronic kidney disease (ckd) testing, recognition, and management in primary care.image learn more about ckdinterceptonly 10% of people living with ckd are aware that they have ckd.image ckdintercept national overviewnkf and partners will develop local road maps to drive a cultural shift in primary care.image ckd change packagea systematic approach to transform ckd care, advance health equity, and improve health care quality.what is kdoqi? what is kdoqi?kdoqi (kidney disease outcomes quality initiative) is world renowned for improving the diagnosis and treatment of kidney disease, these guidelines have changed the practices of healthcare professionals and improved thousands of lives.tools & resources  guidelines and commentaries   guideline development process   patient centered quality measures  learn more about kdoqiimage vascular access guidelines and implementation toolscomprehensive slide decks created by interdisciplinary experts.image kdoqi appdownload now to access guidelines and commentaries at your fingertips.featured printable tools  ckd heat map   kidney disease stages   nephrotic syndrome   phosphorus for dialysis patients   ckd change package  see all clinician toolsimage egfr calculatoruse our gfr calculators to estimate gfr for adults or children.image h2overload: fluid control for heart-kidney healthdesigned for people who need to limit their fluid intake.image kdoqi appdownload now to access guidelines and commentaries at your fingertips.image vascular access guidelines and implementation toolscomprehensive slide decks created by interdisciplinary experts.   get involved       get involved   advocate   give   become a partner   attend   volunteer   fundraise   participate in research   more ways to get involved    about nkf       about nkf   diversity, equity, inclusion   press room   kidney equity for all   careers   nkf leadership   contact us   local offices   kidney disease: fact sheet     breadcrumb home nkf offices nkf serving maryland & delaware nkf serving maryland & delaware  back to top    who we are & our missionwe are the national kidney foundation offices proudly serving maryland & delaware.we are revolutionizing the fight to save lives by eliminating preventable kidney disease, accelerating innovation for the dignity of the patient experience, and dismantling structural inequities in kidney care, dialysis, and transplantation. kidney walksthank you for supporting our kidney walk events! your support helped us fight the fight, but we still need you. there is still time to donate through december. visit the links below for more information on registering or donating today.  visit kidneywalk.org for more information.maryland walk - sunday, october 6, 2024, at the university of maryland, baltimore countynorthern delaware - october 20, 2024, at glasgow park, new castle, delaware research grants for professionalsgrant cycle opens on monday, october 14, 2024 at 5:00pmthe national kidney foundation serving maryland & delaware (nkfmdde) local research grant application portal opens monday october 14th at 5:00pm. applications are due on monday december 9th at 5:00pm. over the years, the national kidney foundation has invested over $100 million to support the treatment of kidney disease. locally, the national kidney foundation serving maryland & delaware (nkfmdde) has been able to distribute over $3,500,000 over the last few decades for pilot projects and for those early in their academic careers. funding supports pilot projects focused on different areas of kidney disease (i.e., blood pressure, chronic kidney disease, urological disease, dialysis, and transplantation) that will ultimately impact improvement in the care of kidney disease patients through discovering novel mechanisms or management strategies.local types of grantsprofessional development awards- a maximum award not to exceed $40,000mini-grants – awards up to $10,000 eachquestions: contact sumeska thavarajah, md - chair, research grants at sthavar1@jhmi.edu  apply now local mission stories lexi, 2024 maryland kidney walk youth ambassadorfrom the day alexis aka “lexi” was born, she has lit up the lives of anyone she encounters.read lexi's story larry abramson, kidney patient and advocatelarry abramson, kidney patient and local nkfmdde advisory board member.read larry's story rachel, living kidney donorliving donor, rachel, is an avid athlete and since donating her kidney she has participated in several events through an organization called kidney donor athletes.read rachel's story michele and sal, kidney transplant donor and recipient2024 marks michele love (living kidney donor) and sal's (kidney recipient) 10-year kidneyversary!read michele and sals's story charlotte rice, transplant recipientmeghan rice - mother"being a kid who is living with a terminal disease is not an easy feat. we are amazed and proud of all that charlotte has accomplished and persevered through in her short seven years of life. we look forward to continuing to watch charlotte blossom into a unique and independent young lady in the coming years!"read charlotte's story clark patterson, kidney and pancreas transplant recipient“none of this would have been possible without god, the wonderful staff at rehoboth beach fresenius kidney care, thomas jefferson university hospital, the gift of life howie’s house, and the lifesaving work of the national kidney foundation."read clark's story vaunita goodman, kidney advocate“i have benefited greatly from nkfmdde’s programs. participating in three kidney walks, two medical lectures, and santé has given me greater insight into the work nkf accomplishes locally. you are still a force of nature. do your very best to co-create the outcome that you envision."read vaunita's story lucy thoupos, kidney transplant recipientchelsea thoupos - mother"post transplant, lucy blew through milestones: standing, crawling, walking, etc. she is still g-tube fed but we hope to eliminate that at some point. she takes medication twice a day and has routine bloodwork. other than that, she is a normal preschooler!"read lucy's story robert moore, looking for a kidney donor“as i try to process and accept everything that is happening, i still try and smile and be the best dad and husband ever. i cannot say this has been an easy journey, but i am staying hopeful that my time will come and i will get the call saying they have a kidney for me. until then, i will continue to enjoy each day to the best of my ability.”read robert's story george franklin iii, kidney recipient & kidney advocate“i’m a kidney transplant recipient, transplanted on november 4, 1975. i am, nationally, the longest-surviving african american with a transplant from a deceased donor. i am the longest african american with a transplant in the state of maryland.”read george's story rich tomaski, dual transplant recipient“i stayed as active as possible and watched my kidney-friendly diet closely for the years leading up to my surgery, which the johns hopkins team has told me has improved my chances of a successful transplant.”read rich's story roseanne bell, kidney transplant recipient"we are proud to be kidney ambassadors for living donor transplants and will continue to document this journey along the way."read rosie's story matt hall, kidney transplant recipient"the national kidney foundation served as a priceless resource and source of support during our living donor search so we love any opportunity to return the favor! it is critical that we increase community awareness surrounding living kidney donation and support our fellow kidney families along their journey."read matt's story are you in the 33%?1 in 3 adults in the united states are at risk of life-threatening kidney disease. that is over 37 million individuals! unbelievably, most of these people don't even know they have kidney disease. we want to change that.if you or a family member have one or more risk factors, go to minuteforyourkidneys.org today and find out what to do next and how to talk to your doctor.some possible risk factors you and your loved ones should be aware of:high blood pressureheart diseasediabetesoverweight or obesefamily history of kidney disease.take the first step:the first step to preventing kidney disease is knowing your risk. with one minute to spare, go to minuteforyourkidneys.org and understand your risk for developing kidney disease. when was the last time a minute held so much value?  take the quiz to see if you are in the 33% patient education living well with kidney diseasecheck out our four-part patient series sponsored by horizon therapeutics and the university of maryland medical center to learn more about living well with kidney disease.making healthy lifestyle choices with ckdthe future of ckd treatmentplant-based diet in kidney diseasethe benefits of preemptive kidney transplantsponsored by:  beyond dialysisfree educational webinar for ckd patients and their caregivers. sessions include dialysis options, and kidney transplant, including a panel discussion with healthcare professionals, kidney patients, donors, and recipients.sponsored by:  watch the webinar    kidney carsdo you have a car sitting in your driveway looking for a new home? look no further, we have the solution for you! the kidney cars program is an easy way to donate your car, van, truck, or boat. by donating your vehicle, you are helping to fund public education, patient and community services, research, professional education and organ donation programs of the national kidney foundation serving maryland and delaware.start in 1 minute - call 800.488.cars (800.488.227) or select your location to start our online form.fast, free pickup - 24-hour pickup. all on your schedule.save on taxes - we handle your car. you get a tax receipt.  kidney cars  your kidneys & youlooking for someone to speak to your group about kidney disease? this education program is designed to raise awareness among the general public about kidneys, risk factors for kidney disease, and how to protect your kidneys. the national kidney foundation serving maryland and delaware is available to present this program in a variety of community and business settings. if you are interested in having us present to your group, please contact us. we are also looking for volunteer presenters! if you are interested in being trained to help us get the word out about kidney disease, contact nicole scharf at nicole.scharf@kidney.org. ways to supportdonateto send a paper check to the maryland & delaware office, please use the following address:11307 york road #232, cockeysville, md 21030for general online or memorial donations to the nkf serving maryland & delaware, please visit the link below.donate todayadvocateare you interesting in becoming an advocate? nkf is the largest, most comprehensive longstanding patient organization dedicated to the awareness, prevention, and treatment of kidney disease in the u.s. sharing your personal stories with our elected officials can make a significant difference.use your voicevolunteervolunteering with the national kidney foundation of maryland gives you a chance to be part of the mission to prevent kidney and urinary tract diseases. millions of americans have some form of kidney or urologic disease. thousands die each year while waiting for kidney transplants. hundreds of thousands need life-sustaining dialysis treatments to stay alive.volunteer  what’s your story?we want to hear about your unique experience with a kidney transplant, living donation, or kidney disease. your story may be the one that gives someone hope.  share your story local office11307 york road #232cockeysville, md 21030united statesemail: info@kidneymd.orgfax: 410.494.8549phone: 410.494.8545toll free: 800.671.5369google maplocal staff & boardupcoming eventsno upcoming events at this time. please check back soon!     quick links about us careers contact us national partners our store press room  recursos en español connect with usget emails from nkf  first name*    last name*    email*   - primary connection to kidney disease -i am at risk for kidney diseasei am a kidney patienti am a family/friend of a kidney patienti am a healthcare professionali am a care partner of a kidney patienti am a living kidney donori am considering becoming a living kidney donori have lost someone to kidney diseasei am a family member/friend of a deceased organ donorother - type of connection to kidney disease -i have ckd stage 1 or 2i have ckd stage 3i have ckd stage 4 or 5 and not on dialysisi am unsure what stage of kidney disease i am ina family member/friend is at risk for kidney diseasei am on dialysisi am a transplant recipienta family member/friend has ckd 1 or 2a family member/friend has ckd 3a family member/friend has ckd 4 or 5 and is not on dialysisa family member/friend is on dialysisa family member/friend is a transplant recipienta family member/friend is a living donori have kidney cancera family member/friend has kidney canceri have kidney stonesa family member/friend has kidney stonesa family member/friend is a deceased patient - cause of ckd -acute kidney injuryage-relatedalport syndromeapol1-mediated kidney diseaseblood pressure/hypertensionc3g (complement 3 glomerulopathy)cause was not foundcongenitalcontract induced nephropathydiabetes & high blood pressure/hypertensiondiabetes type 1diabetes type 2fabry diseasefsgs (focal segmental glomerulosclerosis)glomerulonephritisgoodpasture's syndromehiv/aidsiga nephropathykidney cancerkidney stoneslithiumlupus nephritismembranoproliferative glomerulonephritismembranous nephropathyminimal change diseasensaidspolycystic kidney diseaseprimary distal renal tubular acidosisurinary tract infectionsi'm not sureother - transplant type -deceased donorliving donor - living donor type -directednon directed - dialysis type -hemodialysishome hemodialysisnocturnal hemodialysisperitoneali do not know what type of dialysis - professional category -clinical nurse specialistcommunity health workerdietitianfellownursenurse practitionerpharmacistphysicianphysician assistantresidentscientistsocial workerstudenttechnicianother - subspecialty -behavioral/mental healthcardiologyckdcommunity healthdermatologydiabetes educatordialysisemergency medicineendocrinologyfamily medicinegastroenterologygeriatricshome dialysisinfectious diseaseinternal medicineliving donationliving donor advocatenephrologynutritionob/gynoncologypediatricspre-esrdprimary careradiologyresearchrheumatologytransplanttransplant coordinatortransplant surgeonurologyvascular accessvascular access surgeonother  leave this field blank  give to nkfcontribute to our mission with a general, memorial, or honor donation.donateneed help? call nkf cares855.nkf.cares (855.653.2273)m–f 9:00am – 7:00pm30 east 33rd street, new york, ny 10016© 2025 national kidney foundation, inc.sub footer menu legal & copyright privacy policy state fundraising notices footer social media links twitter facebook instagram linkedin  tik tok youtube 