

ebook compiler software: create your own ebooks














 








 

 
introduction
features
power features
what people say
download
register

questions & answers
contact us
affiliates

related products








 


upon review of your program (activ e-book compiler) we have decided to add
it to our site with the rating of 4 cows. this puts you in with the elite (in our
opinion) of home office and business related software. 

tucows office review staff
tucows






 
activ e-book compiler is a true bargain! i was amazed
at how easy it was to use and the extra password
protection and esbn features are worth the price many
times over... 

eva almeida

ebooksnbytes.com





>> read morecomments >>
 some comments/awards may refer to previous versions of this software
(please see the box in the footer of this page for important disclosures regarding awards and users' comments)




coverfactory.com
create your own ebook covers

ebookapprentice.com
learn how to create, publish & market ebooks

ebookpower.com
add sophisticated multimedia to your e-books

ebookcode.com
free html design and scripting help

ebooksubmit.com
ebook marketing & promotion made easy

ebookfriends.com
discussion board on ebooks

ebookjungle.com
searchable directory of ebooks

ebookinterviews.com
read about ebook authors' experiences

helpful links





 
 

 


award-winning1 software makes it shockingly easy
to publish an electronic book.


  

  


  




have you ever wanted...

...to have a simple method of creating your own products?


...to have something unique to your business?


...to be able to get other businesses to promote your business for free?


...to have something that you can sell on the internet?



if you answered yes to any of these questions, then creating your
own electronic book ("e-book")
could be the answer to your prayers:


e-books are simple to create:

you do not need to be a programming genius or computer wizard!

you do not need any special hardware or other gadgets.

you do not need stacks of money to get started.

even small and home businesses can, and have, successfully created their own e-books
using our software.

your e-books are unique to you:

you decide what you want to write in your e-book
...which means your finished e-book can be totally unique product that 
nobody else has to offer.


maybe you're knowledgeable about a particular subject? 

do you have valuable experience in, or insight into, 
a subject like animal/pet-care, astronomy, business, child-care,
computers, cosmetics & make-up, education, design, education, farming, 
fitness, graphics, history, marketing, planning, retail, sales,
sports, technology, travel, wedding planning 
...or any other subject where your in-depth knowledge
could be of great benefit to others.


e-books can be a powerful marketing tool:

you can make an e-book and give it away for free:


you could use your free e-book as a bonus, or
thank you gift, for your customers, web site visitors or ezine subscribers.
you could use the e-book to remind readers about your business or products.
you could even include advertising within your free e-book.


or, you could make an e-book and allow other businesses to give copies
away free to their customers, web site visitors or ezine subscribers. 
it could be the start of a beautiful a win-win relationship:


the other business benefits, because their readers/customers get something free.
you benefit, because your e-book presumably tells these new readers
about your business.


and best of all, our software includes a powerful rebranding feature, which
allows you to set up parts of your e-book for easy customization.
you could allow other businesses to
insert their name, web site link, or change an affiliate id
- which gives them an extra incentive to pass on copies
- helping promote your business or web site.  


your e-books can be sold over the internet

while we offer a free trial of most features of software: if you do want to sell e-books
that you make using our software, we do require that you register
(us $49.95* (sales tax or vat may also apply - see note at the bottom of this page - uk price including vat @20% is us $59.94 with sterling price varying depending on exchange rates) one time fee if paid online) first.

e-books created using our software can be ideal products to sell over the internet:


the e-books are self-contained programs all wrapped up in a single file:
so it should be
easy to deliver to your customers, say as a download from your web site.

delivering a downloadable file over the internet can be extremely inexpensive.
check with your web site host for details, you may even already have everything
that you need at no extra cost.

we do not charge you any per-copy royalties for e-books that you make or
sell using our software.

we do not place any restrictions on what types of e-commerce systems that
you use. while we do make some suggestions about third party services for things like
accepting credit cards (some may have costs associated), you are free to use something
else if it suits you better.

if you sell your e-books will you make money? we are not going to make any claims about that - it depends on you,
your business, how you use the software, and probably a hundred other factors too.
here's how we summarize it in our legal and terms of use page:
"we do not guarantee that any person or business will make a profit as a result of using the information in this publication, or any of the products or services or information that we might provide or link to.".

if you are looking for some kind of quick money-making scheme: look elsewhere.  

on the other hand, if you want a professional quality.
powerful, flexible and well-supported
software tool for creating e-books, we believe that you'll find the best overall solution
 on this web site.

what's more, we'll let you try out the program,
for as long as you want,
without spending any money at all.
we offer completely free trial version - you don't even need to give your email
address.



try it before deciding whether to buy

the software that you are about to discover, is a powerful
professional quality tool, that makes it simple for anybody
to get started in e-book publishing.


if you can create web pages - then you can create and publish e-books.
(and even if you can't, modern word processors usually include a "save as html" feature).

simply create a set html files containing the information you want to
sell, and then run activ e-book compiler - and you'll have a self-contained
windows program (".exe") which users can download and run, to view your e-book.
you can even
restrict access to parts of your e-book with passwords, include links to
relevant web sites, or sell advertising space in your e-book.

anybody with windows 95 or better, and internet explorer 4 or later,
which is of course the vast majority of web surfers, can use your e-books.

the software includes an amazing range of features and
advanced power features that allow you to easily create
truly stunning e-books.

download a trial version of the software for free.
you do not need to pay a penny until you're absolutely convinced that this software is for you!


the free trial version of the program allows you to try out the system, and even create
e-books which you can give away as a promotional tool.

only if you like the software, and you're ready to start selling
e-books that you create, or want access to the extra features the
registered version provides: you can register with total safety and security online.
the registration fee, if paid online, is just
us $49.95* (sales tax or vat may also apply - see note at the bottom of this page - uk price including vat @20% is us $59.94 with sterling price varying depending on exchange rates).

start right now

you can start right now.  
just 
click here
for
download
instructions for the free trial version.

use our e-book creation software for free! don't pay a penny until you've tried the software
and seen that it works!
the free trial version does have some limitations (as compared to the
paid ("registered") version), but it does
allow you to create your own e-books, and see what the software can do.





*
all online purchases are made from our retailer, click sales inc. ("clickbank").

us $49.95 price
does not include
sales tax or value added tax ("vat").
uk price including vat @20% is us $59.94 with sterling price varying depending on exchange rates.
sales tax applies to purchases made by residents of some us
states, territories, districts and possessions
(including, but not limited to, the residents of the state of new york).

value added tax ("vat") is applicable to purchases
made by residents of european union countries,
and  (if applicable) is charged at the appropriate national rate for
that country.

the amount of sales tax or vat (if any), and the total price of
the product, is shown on the secure order form, after
you select your country/state of residence, but before you give final
confirmation that you do want to proceed with the purchase.


1some awards and users' comments may refer to previous versions of the software
(please see the box in the footer of this page for important disclosures regarding awards and users' comments).



   






 



 
 
 
 
 
please contact us if you have questions.



we do not guarantee that any person or business will make a profit as a result of using the information on this web site, or the products we provide.
for more information, please see our legal & terms of use.

copyright © 2000-2018, answers 2000 limited
our sites use cookies, some of which may already be set on your computer. use of our site
constitutes consent for this. for details, please see privacy.

click privacy for information about our company's privacy, data collection and data retention policies, and your rights.

legal & terms of use
  
refund policy
  
privacy
  
advertising/endorsements disclosures




important disclosures regarding
the users' comments and awards that are mentioned or appear on this website:

all awards and users' comments were received from third parties,
all awards and users' comments are the opinions of their authors.
their opinions, results and experiences are not necessarily typical,
may differ from those of a typical user, and may differ from yours.
the majority of users' comments come from people who have purchased the software
and who we have asked for their opinion. however, most awards, and some users' comments,
come from people or organizations who have been given or offered a free copy of the software
for review purposes and/or personal use.
awards are simply opinions expressed by third party website operators.
awards and users' comments are not intended to be read as, and are not presented as, being expert opinions.
some awards and users' comments may refer to previous versions of the software.
additionally, bonuses included with the software vary from time-to-time, and
may have varied at the time of the award/comment.
all awards and users' comments are kept in hardcopy file by the company.

additionally, please note this website includes a number of adverts
for third-party products and services, and our company may receive
a payment if you make a purchase after following an advertising link
from this site. advertising links of this type are marked with a † symbol.

 

 








