


girls kissing girls


<$blogitemtitle$>





















    
	girls kissing girls
	
  
lesbian erotic scenes of sapphic girls kissing and arousing each other.




wednesday, august 26




	 busty legend tiffany towers
	 



 ah... nothing excites me more than 2 girls making love, frothing, kissing passionately or simply rubbing their boobs together in a never ending pleasure zone. note that i never said anything about them eating each other or going down for the pleasure of their partner. but when the two ladies are extraordinarily beautiful and super busty, then we are unto something... i found this rather lengthy (2 minutes) video of tiffany towers lesbian getting licked in a beach house. and before you complain, yes, a 2 minute pussy lick is quite a long time, at least for the person in the receiving end. i hope you enjoy it as much as i did... and before i leave you with this heavenly gift who do you think is the other busty babe? none other than stacey vaughn!for the collector, here are some stats on tiffany:height: 162.56cmweight: 115 lbs.measurements: 70dd+-22-34



posted by hdsm @ 11:20 pm -  lesbo  - 

        





tuesday, july 18



	 
	 lesbian kissing by charlie laine
	 
    


charlie laine in erotic kissing session with august.



posted by hdsm @ 8:42 pm -  lesbo  - 

        





monday, july 17




	 3some
	 



one nice video shared by sapphica. thank you! worshipping of the dildo goddess...



posted by hdsm @ 8:59 am -  lesbo  - 

        





saturday, july 1




	 lesbian clips
	 



every now and then i come across a nice lesbian site, done with taste. both for a female audience (we also like hardcore lesbian movies and smut talk) and for guys. check it out. looks a bit new with not too much content but promising. i'll give it 6 months to see where they will get. it combines nicely erotic aspect of our sex life and also more hardcore escapades.in the meantime, i will purchase the starter package for 9 bucks to check the quality of their mpegs :) and post more information here. you can visit the site athttp://www.pinkisbeautiful.com/downloads/



posted by hdsm @ 12:59 pm -  lesbo  - 

        





thursday, april 6




	 lingerie lesbian love
	 



hi, i'm jaime, and i've got a bit of a thing when it comes to lingerie. i love all sorts, from skimpy g-strings to lacy basques, and on evenings when i'm staying in alone l often strip down to my underwear. i especially like panties, which can be pulled tight into my pussy, creating a delicious, tingling friction, which soon has my "love juice" flowing. so naturally when jake, an old flame of mine, mentioned to me that a college pal of his had started designing lingerie i wan! ted to hear more. steve went one better, and set up a meeting with the designer at her place in the countryside. i turned up at chloe's house wearing a demure little dress, but underneath it i had some of my favorite white panties, and as always happens when i wear them, i was feeling pretty horny. to tell you the truth, i even stopped in a quiet country lane during the drive there so i could play with my pussy! when chloe opened the door to me my jaw dropped and i just stood there for a moment, staring. she was a beauty, with a really sultry, sexy face and a great figure. she flashed a seductive smile at me and said, "hi, you must be jaime. i've heard a lot about you." the way she said it suggested jake had told her a few little intimate things about me... and i began to suspect we might be in for some real fun. chloe led me through to her living room, a beautifully big, sunny room with a great view. every chair and table was piled with exquisite lingerie. chloe put on some soft music and then went out to make some coffee, leaving me gazing enraptured at the frothy lace and the elegant silks and satins of her designs. almost at once i began to experience the familiar tingling sensation that starts with my nipples and travels right down to my pussy. i was getting turned on just looking at all this sexy underwear, imagining how it would feel against my skin. by the time chloe retuned with the coffee l was feeling excitedly horny. we sat and chatted for a while, and then chloe said, "okay jaime, do you want to try some outfits?" i took off my demure little dress, and was just starting to unclip my garter belt when chloe turned around to look at me. "wow, jake told me you had a fantastic body, but i wasn't expecting this!" she cried, flashing me a teasing smile. i felt myself start to blush, to my amazement. i've never been shy about my body, but i guess chloe had caught me off guard, being business-like one minute and frankly flirtatious the next. lowering my eyes and trying to calm down, i started to peel off my stockings. when they were off i unclipped my bra, letting my firm boobs free. i could have sworn i heard a sharp intake of breath from chloe as my tits came into full view. i stood there for a moment, uncertain. was it just my imagination, or was chloe getting as turned on as me? then i hooked my fingers into the sides of my panties, and slowly pulled them down. chloe's eyes met mine. "it seems a shame to cover up that wonderful body at all,” she murmured, "but i think these will suit you." and with that she held out a pair of flimsy red silk panties with a matching camisole. i've always loved the tantalizing sensation of pure silk against my skin, and with chloe's eyes following my every move i really had to struggle to keep control when the cool fabric brushed against my pussy. i could feel myself getting really wet and it was getting pretty difficult to resist the temptation to slip my fingers into the crotch of the panties and rub my aching clit. "that looks great," chloe said softly, snapping me out of my reverie. "now how about these?" and she held out a sexy cream basque and matching panties. i could hardly wait to get into them, but i was getting so excited i seemed to have lost control of my fingers. hard as i tried, i just couldn't do up the hooks which ran all the way down the front of the basque. chloe giggled, saying, "you look like you need a hand," as she moved close to me. her perfume was sweet and alluring, and i could feel her warmth as her sure fingers carefully fastened the hooks for me. when the basque was done up, chloe's hands lingered against my boobs. there was a real air of expectation building up between us; i knew something was going to happen, but i was getting so nervous waiting for it i decided i had to make the first move. gently i took chloe's hand and pressed it more firmly against me, so she could feel my hardening nipples poking through the thin fabric. i let out an involuntary gasp as her fingers began to rub my nipple. i grabbed chloe's other hand and ran it down my body to my pu! ssy, keeping my own hand clasped on top of it. using the pressure of her hand and mine combined i began to rub and stroke at my cunt through the flimsy panties, feeling my love juice seep through the fabric and dampen my fingers. chloe's fingers began to move independently of mine, searching and probing around the crotch of the panties as they found their way to my sticky slit. i was wetter than i’ve ever been in my life; the slow build-up of lust through the whole of the afternoon had gotten me really hot! chloe's finger slipped up and down my dripping pussy lips, then sought my firm clitty and began to rub it harder. by the time the tip of her finger had started to tease the edge of my love tunnel i could feel a climax building up. without warning, one wet finger slid right up into my cunt, and l fell my pussy walls spasm as i came. chloe began to finger-fuck me in earnest then, pushing my legs wider apart so she could get three wriggling fingers inside me. i was reveling in the sensations of ecstasy, but chloe wasn't satisfied. "i want to taste your pussy," she said suddenly, kneeling down in front of me and pulling my panties right off so she had full access to my juicy hole. with gentle fingers she held my pussy lips wide apart as her tongue could reach right inside me. as she lashed at me with her hot tongue, her breath burning my sensitive flesh, i moaned and gasped my way to another incredible climax. once i’d calmed down a little - which took quite some time, as chloe didn't let up her pussy licking for a second - i looked down to see that one hand was burrowing between her parted thighs. i couldn't see too much as she w! as still fully dressed, albeit a little disheveled, and i decided i couldn't wait a moment longer for a look at her naked cunt. sinking to the floor beside her, i began to undress her slowly. she just lay back, smiling at me as l stripped her, one hand still playing with her pussy beneath her clothes. the body that came into view was spectacular. her smooth tits were so beautifully shaped i had to pause for a moment to lick and suck them. then i eased up her skirt to reveal stocking tops and an expanse of smooth thigh. higher went the skirt, to show chloe's lacy panties, pulled aside at the crotch as her fingers pushed in and out of her love box. her fingers were shiny with juice, and her breathing was getting heavier. i worked her skirt right up around her waist, pulled off her panties, and watched avidly as she fingered herself to a climax in front of me. although i’ve fucked girls before, that was the first time i'd ever seen that and i found it an incredible turn on. straddling ingrid's body, now gleaming with sweat, i dipped my head to her pussy and took an experimental lick. she tasted so sweet i stuck my tongue right into her without ceremony and began to eat her out enthusiastically, as she repaid the compliment with some more tonguing to my quivering cunt. we were rolling about the floor in our frantic 69 when ingrid let out a loud long moan and began to quiver. i tasted her juices as they coated my mouth. her sweet taste sent me over the edge and my climax washed over me, joining me with her in cumming. the room was filled with our moans as we worked each other over and down from our peaks. needless to say, ingrid designs lots of underwear for me these days. i love her sexy designs -and trying them on always gives us an excuse for another' wild and steamy sex session! ------------------pictures from http://teenlesbians.hugetit.us/dildolesbians.htm 



posted by hdsm @ 6:45 pm -  lesbo  - 

        











back main page >hot girls kissing
previous posts

busty legend tiffany towers
lesbian kissing by charlie laine
3some
lesbian clips
lingerie lesbian love
period sex
first time lesbians
why are we attracted to lesbians?
just girls having sex
lesbian sistas

archives

08/22/2004 - 08/29/2004
01/23/2005 - 01/30/2005
01/30/2005 - 02/06/2005
04/10/2005 - 04/17/2005
04/17/2005 - 04/24/2005
04/24/2005 - 05/01/2005
05/01/2005 - 05/08/2005
05/08/2005 - 05/15/2005
05/15/2005 - 05/22/2005
07/31/2005 - 08/07/2005
08/21/2005 - 08/28/2005
11/20/2005 - 11/27/2005
11/27/2005 - 12/04/2005
12/18/2005 - 12/25/2005
02/05/2006 - 02/12/2006
04/02/2006 - 04/09/2006
06/25/2006 - 07/02/2006
07/16/2006 - 07/23/2006
08/23/2009 - 08/30/2009

lesbian friendly sites
free porn pictures 
fetish life
hd lesbian movies
free porn movies
girls gone wild
strippers nude dancers
mature sex fest
hd porn videos
lesbian girls
busty movies
search mpegs
erotic forums
porn videos forums
porn retro
lesbian forums
big tits forums
pornstars forums
sex chat forums
lesbian friends
tribades
big naturals babes
lesbians dildo
adult mobile
girls kissing
anal sex free
search lesbian sites

search sea for: 



more links to hot lesbians
lesbian feeds







2004 @copyright hotgirlskissing.blogspot.com - all rights reserved.








