







camp ray bird












































































































              home
            

        about us
      

        get involved
      

            rentals
          



        grow lessons
      

            give
          







































































homeabout usget involvedrentals







donation page 1




grow lessonsgive









scroll






 

god changes lives at camp, but not everyone can afford it. that’s why camp ray bird exists.




    sign up for summer camp
  

  









 



build friendships



make lifelong memories



learn about god

 

summer camp is one of the best experiences kids can have, but many of them miss out. we make camp affordable for you and your family. that means when you sign up for camp ray bird, you're giving your child a fantastic week of camp at a cost you can feel great about!

 


    sign up for summer camp
  

 




 

want to know more about camp?

    how much does it cost? >
anywhere from $30 to $500 per camper. it depends on your household income. our focus is on making camp affordable for lower income families, so if that's you, then you could get 90% off or more and pay as little as $30. 
we also have special pricing for children in foster care and children who are affect by having a parent in jail or prison.

how old do you have to be? >
8 to 15 years old.

do the kids stay overnight? >
yes! each "cabin group" is made of 8 campers and 2 counselors. they stick together all week, playing games, sharing meals, and being "cabin mates". the cabins are all bunk-style.

what kinds of activities are there? >
there are over 20 activities that campers get to do! here are some favorites: swimming, go-karting, archery, nature hike, crafts, fishing, climbing wall, capture the flag, and more!
most of the activities are active and outdoor.

  




























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 
























































































































  


    sign up for summer camp
  

 









god changes lives



don't miss out



know more










ray bird ministries25765 edison rd.south bend, in 46628(574) 232-8523 













infomissionstaff and board of directorshistoryfacilities and groundssummer campprivacy policy
























actionsummer staff jobsmake a donationrentals








 







