













home | franklin






















































skip to main content








the ohio state university




help
buckeyelink
map
find people
webmail
search ohio state



 













cfaes
give today



osu extension 

franklin
https://franklin.osu.edu




college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences




franklin county






menu





 

franklin countyprogram areas4-h carteensregister here4-h youth developmentjoin a club4-h calendar and newsbecome a volunteer / advisorclub cornerclub leader resourcescloverbudsprojects4-h camphorsesteen opportunitiesawards & opportunitiesfranklin county faironsite 4-h school and afterschool opportunitiesfranklin county 4-h councilagriculture and natural resourceslocal foodssoil testingurban agriculturecommunity developmenthome buyer educationmoney managementnews & updatesreal money, real worldstudent loan debt workshopurban rootsefnepfamily and consumer sciencesbrain healthfood preservationfood safety traininglive healthy, live wellmindful wellnesssenior seriesmaster gardener volunteersask a master gardener boothgarden information helplinehelpful linkshow to become a master gardener volunteermgv presentationsmgv project reports and informationmgv resources and handoutspassport - volunteer opportunitiesspeakers bureausupport usveggie trialssnap-edeventscalendarpast eventsnewsnewsletteraboutcounty staffphoto galleryosu extension 

 





 




ohio state university extension


franklin county






franklin county office 


 kunz-brundige franklin county extension building
2548 carmack road
columbus, ohio 43210

kenny road entrance to carmack is closed. please enter from lane avenue. 
 phone: 614-866-6900614-866-6900 
 


directions to franklin county extension office


  

 



hours of operation




 monday - friday, 8:00am - 4:30pm 
   

 

 




home
you are hereosu extension » franklin county » home



2/13/25: carmack rd. from kenny is open to staff only. guests please enter from lane ave. and park in the gravel lot. no parking in the paved lot without an accessible placard displayed.
2/14: camack road from kenny will be one lane with flaggers present. recommendation: enter from lane ave. and park in the gravel lot. paved lot is available for those with an accessible parking placard.
2/15/25 - 2/26/25: carmack rd. will be closed at kenny. all guests must enter from the lane ave. entrance. no parking in the paved lot without an accessible placard displayed. 
looking for information on how to join 4-h? click here.
 





county news



  
join us for the plate and beyondjoin the osu extension, live healthy live well team as they provide a march, national nutrition month, webinar series. four weeks of webinars covering the basics, food and friends/family, food and travel, and the importance of nutrition at every stage of life.  

4-h winter project faircalling all 4-h families and families interested in joining 4-h! franklin county 4-h's winter project fair is only weeks away. this event is a great opportunity for 4-h members to explore project opportunities or for new families that are interested in joining 4-h.  

backyard poultry online certificate courseas we are entering 2025, we are approaching not only chick season, but we are getting our first positive detections of highly pathogenic avian influenza.  tim mcdermott, agriculture and natural resources educator/assistant professor, created a backyard poultry online certificate course to assist...  
 


    more county news  

 



cfaes news




 how to safely store eggs and find alternatives amid rising prices  

 enrollment open for new improving weather and climate understanding in ohio online course  

 high school students invited to address global food security at the 2025 ohio youth institute  

 ohio 4-h spark expo returns to inspire the next generation of professionals   

 ohio state scientist unlocks natural, vibrant food color alternatives to red no. 3  

 strickler receives ohio state distinguished service award at 2024 autumn commencement   

 program to discuss leveraging the bioenergy potential of manure  

 growing the perfect christmas tree: ohio state researchers to launch new demonstration farm at cfaes wooster  


more cfaes news 
 

 





event calendar



  
 2/18 
 tuesday 
 tai chi for beginners virtual session 
 02:30pm 

 2/19 
 wednesday 
 tai chi for beginners virtual session 
 02:30pm 

 2/22 
 saturday 
 money management virtual workshop 
 09:00am 
 


    more events  

 

 










locate an office
we connect with people in all stages of life, from young children to older adults.  we work with families and children, farmers and businessowners, community leaders and elected officials to build better lives, better businesses and better communities to make ohio great.





locate an office in my county
locate a statewide office
extension personnel directory


 
 





©  2025 the ohio state university, college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences





franklin county office 


 kunz-brundige franklin county extension building
2548 carmack road
columbus, ohio 43210

kenny road entrance to carmack is closed. please enter from lane avenue. 
 phone: 614-866-6900614-866-6900 
 


directions to franklin county extension office


  

 



hours of operation




 monday - friday, 8:00am - 4:30pm 
   

 

 






the ohio state university
college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences
ohio state university extension
ohio agricultural research and development center
ohio state ati









social media

osu extension facebook
franklin co. 4-h 
franklin co. extension 
osu extension youtube
 

 


2025 | 2120 fyffe road | room 3 ag admin bldg. | columbus, ohio 43210 | 614-292-6181
accessibility accommodation
if you have a disability and experience difficulty accessing this content request accommodation here.
maintenance and support
this site designed and maintained by cfaes marketing and communications.  for technical support please contact the cfaes helpdesk. 
 cfaes diversity  |  nondiscrimination notice  |  site map





 










