




	emerald aviation | aircraft sales & acquisitions | president - ed dahlberg	





















 





















































company 

about us
testimonials


listings
services 

brokerage services
consulting services
technical completion
owner trustee services
private jet charter


contact
resources 

news
for aircraft owners







 





 





featured aircraft 
		

2020 bombardier global 6500 
		

learn more








accessible & responsive. 
		

every time. 
		







"our relationship with emerald aviation is built on many years of trust."
–kjell nordbaek,  director of aviation, an international oil tanker company








"direct access. that’s why we use emerald aviation time and again."

–albert murrer iii,  aviation director, a fortune 500 lab company








knowledge. 
		

integrity. 
		

results. 
		







over 25 years of experience. 
		


 


 

 

home – emerald aviationwca2024-03-06t14:33:49+00:00 

latest listings
wca2024-03-06t14:32:17+00:00dassault aviation model: falcon 50ex (da-50)aircraft, falcon, latestemerald aviation exclusively presents this dassault aviation model: falcon 50ex (da-50) to the market.
client testimonials
operating aircraft in europe is significantly more complex and costly than in the u.s. understanding how to manage the sales process and the particular requirements when selling aircraft out of europe and purchasing into europe is important if costs and time is to be kept under control. emerald aviation has helped me do this several times and has been a valuable contributor in both planning and execution. ed is also very tuned to the market, understands the options available, and his recommendations to me have been professional and very helpful. finally, the best relationships are based on trust. we have done business together for more than ten years and emerald has always protected this principle.
trond klaveness, president and ceo, a european shipping companyemerald aviation and ed dahlberg have been our aviation resource for many years. we have transitioned from a charter company to owning and operating two lear 60′s. ed was involved in the purchase and sale of both 60′s and saved us thousands of dollars with his attention to detail. he assisted us in every aspect of these transactions, from pre-buy inspections, interior refurbishments, to providing crews, and i couldn’t be happier with his efforts and results. i would recommend emerald aviation to anyone. they are great…
ron devine, managing member, springfield financial llcdirect access. that’s why we use emerald aviation time and again. when i call ed or his team at any time, my call is always answered or returned promptly, every time.
albert murrer iii, aviation director, a fortune 500 lab companywe trust emerald aviation with our aviation business, from the sale and procurement of numerous jet aircraft, consulting on the completion on our new gulfstream 550, g650 and recently our g6000 vision, and has even supplied contract crew on all of our planes. our relationship is built on many years of trust and their tireless effort to see every project through to completion.
kjell nordbaek, director of aviation, an international oil tanker companyi have known ed dahlberg for many years, and have found his honesty and integrity to always be exemplary. he has assisted me with several aircraft transactions, and most recently sold our falcon 50ex at a very fair selling price in a very challenging market. ed has the ability to hold a deal together through the various stages of buyer qualification, contract negotiations, pre-purchase inspections, and final delivery. i would not hesitate to utilize emerald aviation’s services for any future transactions.chief pilot, fortune 500 chemical company
aircraft sales, acquisition and consulting
we’re specialists in the business of aircraft sales, acquisitions and consulting. as owners, operators, and pilots we have an intimate understanding of the many facets of aircraft ownership and operations. armed with this knowledge, and using our extensive network of industry resources, we ensure that the sales, acquisition
and consulting process is seamless and smooth.
our mission
with over 20 years of experience successfully negotiating complex
transactions and managing a wide spectrum of aviation services,
we’re dedicated to building lasting client relationships based on trust
and integrity. we are committed to meeting the needs of our clients
and are focused on producing results.


brokerage services
acquisition, sales, and market research.

consulting services
our expertise and experience is in aviation.

technical completion services
always exceeding client expectations.

owner/trustee services
u.s. registrations and aircraft owner trusts.









 

 

about our company missionwith over 20 years of experience successfully negotiating complex
transactions and managing a wide spectrum of aviation services,
we’re dedicated to building lasting client relationships based on trust
and integrity. we are committed to meeting the needs of our clients
and are focused on producing results.
why emerald aviation?we’re specialists in the business of aircraft sales and acquisitions. as owners, operators, and pilots we have an intimate understanding of the many facets of aircraft ownership and operations. armed with this knowledge, and using our extensive network of industry resources, we ensure that the sales and acquisition process is smooth and seamless for our clients.

 

 articles 

meet our president, ed dahlberg


what does the boeing 737 max 8 jet grounding mean for the airline industry?


things to consider when buying a plane


tips for choosing an aircraft owner trustee


take a ride in the world’s most affordable private jet


 

contact info 
9998 wakeman drive manassas, va 20110  
phone: (703) 361-3330
fax: (703) 361-3170
email: click to email

 








© copyright 
 emerald aviation inc - design by designvisions.net & twelvetwo.net 



























