


love and hope and sex  and dreams



















    
	love and hope and sex  and dreams
	
  
better living through popular culture





tuesday, april 06, 2010



	 
	 a new insight
	 
    


i've always wondered why i could never feel good about the things i've done--why my achievements weren't enough.  why i always felt like i needed more education, or more experience, or more...well...whatever.when it was first published, i bought a copy of gloria steinem's "revolution from within: a book of self-esteem."  i even had my copy signed by steinem, who i encountered at a book signing at the princeton university store where i bought the book.  i started reading it at that time (1992) but never got past the introduction.  now, i'm reading it in earnest.  and last night came across the following:. . . without that feeling of intrinsic value, it's hard for children to survive the proces of failing and trying again that precedes any accomplishment.  it's harder still to enjoy successes once we achieve them or to support the successes of others.     indeed, when core self-esteem remains low, even into adulthood, no amount of external task-oriented achievement or apprval seems able to compensate... and i started to think about how i probably didn't, when i was a baby, have the right circumstances that create intrinsic value in an individual.  my poor mom, who'd had such a horrible childhood, and none better marriage, tried her best.  but she just wasn't able to give me what i needed--because it was something she never had herself.  it was the same with my father--who may have been more neglected and abused than my mother...so, i understand now why my father hated my first husband because he was college educated--how my father couldn't share in my success at college.and how he'd rather tell me to go on welfare or marry someone--anyone-- than be supportive and tell me that what i'm going through is only a minor setback...i see too how and why i haven't been able to appreciate the things i've achieved--how my mom would do my class projects, so that the a i would receive was her a.  she would always do my art-related projects....so many things make sense now--things i've felt about the work i've done, my inability to promote my work, the hyper-competitiveness, the anger borne out of frustration borne out of never feeling/knowing if i was good enough...when i was indeed good enough all along....at one time, it might have been about blaming my parents for their inabilities.  now, it's about understanding that they--or at least my mom--tried their best, but just weren't capable of giving me that one thing that seems so basic and simple: unconditional love. now, then, must be the time where i can give that love to myself.  or, at least i can try....



posted by tish grier at 9:33 pm
0 comments






wednesday, march 31, 2010



	 
	 bloggers i used to know....
	 
    


the other day, i looked at my short blogroll and decided to click through several of the blogs to see who was still active....a lot of them either aren't active or their blogs no longer exist.  i don't know why i keep them in the blogroll--maybe out of sentimental reasons.  i want to remember them, even though they're not blogging any more....i think sometimes of the guy who wrote recovery vehicle, and hope he is still "recovering."  he had so many issues, things he needed to work through to find peace.  i hope he is well....i think of the woman who wrote caffinaria, who lived somewhere in canada.  she would post beautiful pictures of where she lived....i think of what's cluttering my couch?--a divorced mormon psychologist and avid crocheter, who probably deleted her blog for professional reasons....and lady calliah.com, someone i'd met at a party, who was probably going through a similar phase that i was, and who also may have deleted her blog for professional reasons....for those of us who spend a lot of time online, it seems almost a sacrilege to delete a blog--but i understand how others would give blogging up, walk away from it completely.  there are times when i think that this blog has undergone so many transitions since i started it in november of 2004, that i wonder if it's worth still writing here.  or if i should follow the example of others: delete it and move on.  i wonder, too, if it's time for another 180-degree life turn.  to find another quasi-career, or to keep going with the one i've constructed.  i sometimes long for stability and security.  i used to hate it, but as i've gotten older, there's something to it....so, maybe for some people, leaving their blogs behind--doing a 180 from the blog world-- is a way of returning to the real world.  for some, blogging isn't part of the "real" world--it was an escape from the real world.  for me, it wasn't just an escape, but a way to break through writer's block as much as it has been a way for me to find and develop my writing voice....yet for some reason, my writing voice has difficulty expressing itself.  i still suffer from a form of writer's block: i write, i look at my words, and none of them make sense.  i don't know if the thoughts are complete or the thesis coherent.and i don't know if blogging is a distraction from that writing voice or if it's an outlet for it.  it doesn't feel like an outlet anymore. well, not my "formal" or "professional" blogging anyway.    that feels like a chore, and one i don't care about anymore.  so...what to do?  i have no idea.  but i will miss the bloggers who've left their blogs behind, but i will fondly remember them and what we all went through so many years ago...



posted by tish grier at 9:54 am
0 comments






wednesday, march 24, 2010



	 
	 who am i ? where am i?
	 
    


i just started a part-time job in retail--again.  i had one five years ago, at a place that wasn't very professional.  this place, however is *very* professional.  it's different from any place i've ever worked in my whole life.  and i see possibilities in working there....but i think to myself: how long can i work retail?  is it really worth it to put in time thinking about it....being healthy again has got me thinking more and more about the time that was more or less wasted being ill (one way or another.)  how much of my life i lost...and how much of that life, as a professional working person, wasn't afforded me due to being ill. it's hard for me to see how to synthesize one set of experiences with another and how to move things forward. part of that is also from working jobs that were, essentially, dead ends.  even my work in princeton was mostly a dead-end although there were fascinating experiences connected with it (symposiums, lectures, etc.)  there wasn't going to be much in the way of advancement, of learning new things, of becoming something "other than."i see that where i am now.  there are opportunities.  and i wonder if any of those opportunities could come my way.  or if it's too late.that's the one thing about being healthy--i can see where time was lost, and i go "oh, crap!  now i have to catch up!  can i do it?"but i can't do it all at once, all in one or two days or weeks or months.  it will take longer than that--i just don't know how long.  then there's the "damage"--or perceived damage--that i've done to myself when i was ill and trying to work.  when i wasn't the most pleasant person to work with, and certainly not the most efficient.  i simply couldn't get things done because i was so ill.  and i couldn't refuse things that i should have--because i couldn't take on other work to balance out what i was doing...that's another piece of it: balancing types of work.  it might not be an either/or proposition when it comes to jobs, but balancing one and another.  seeing the jobs as complimentary--as they really are--and not letting one take over the other.  this is hard.  how does this balance happen?  can i maintain it?  can i use one job to illuminate aspects of the other?  is there some future in a synthesis of jobs and can i use that to my advantage?i don't know the answers to these questions.  it's exciting, yet i'm a bit afraid of being overwhelmed by all of it, the way i was in the past....i have to remember that things are new now, that i'm healthy and not where i was.  it's the newness, though, of it all.  is the newness stable?  or am i just hanging around, waiting for another illness to take me down and out?  how am i as a healthy person?  what does that mean to be a healthy person?  who am i as a healthy person?  i don't really know.  even the healthy me is new to me. how strange is that: to not know oneself as a healthy person?  maybe it's just going to take time to get to know the healthy person.  maybe that's the answer to all of it: time.  just time....



posted by tish grier at 9:42 am
0 comments






monday, march 22, 2010



	 
	 the big burn-out
	 
    


on the weekends, i usually go up to a friend's in huntington.  it's quite peaceful and he's very good company.  the peace affords me serious "quality time" to process through what's gone on for the past five years or so, to figure out, in part, why i'm not really working as much as i'd like to be (part of it is the economy, but part of it, i know, is me...)yesterday, he was telling me some adage about trying to cut down a tree with a dull chainsaw--how if we don't relax and recharge we become "dull" and can't really get things done.  and over dinner, i looked at him and said, "you know, that's what's going on with me, i'm burnt out...."as far as all the social media stuff goes, i feel like i've been running really hard, trying to do a whole bunch of different things, trying to experience everything that i could, and now, well, i've just run out of steam for chasing all that information. i've been gathering information for the past five years, everything i could, and now, well, i feel full, like i've got enough, but have had little time to process everything.it's similar to how i felt after i graduated.  and a funny thing about it is that a physical problem i had back then has also dogged me through this time.  i've had very serious gastric pain for many years, and any kind of constant pain can exhaust one's energies.  it took me a long time to find out what's caused the pain--believe it or not,a simple lactose intolerance--in part due to a lack of medical insurance.  massachusetts, however, has something called commonwealth care, and while not perfect, it has afforded me the opportunity to find out that it's not irritable bowel syndrome, or ulcers, or gall bladder trouble, or anything like that.  just a simple lactose intolerance.  don't eat dairy, and if i do, make sure i chew a couple of lactaid enzyme pills. so simple.  and yet i really suffered for a long time, feeling awful to the point of where i really didn't want to do all that much, and couldn't think clearly enough to do all that much.  it feels good to be healthy, to know there isn't anything awful-serious going on, to not be in constant pain.  but i still need quiet time--not the kind of quiet time that comes with convalescence from illness--but quiet time that brings about a renewal of energies.  those are two different things.  i'm not ill the way i was in my 30's, so no convalescence is needed.  what's needed, though, is a renewal of energies.  i can't necessarily afford to take a huge vacation though, so the weekends in huntington are quiet helpful.  there's good conversation, too.  i can talk with this friend about work-life balance, many other things related to this.  he wasn't particularly surprised when i said about being burnt out.  it made sense to him.   so, the next thing is to make the right decision about the direction i want to go in.  i need to evaluate a number of possibilities, let some things happen, pursue some others.  i'll have some cash coming in again soon, and that will ease some of the pressure.  i'll have to leave some things behind, pick up others, and see what happens.  it feels good, though, to figure out that i've hit a wall, like i did at graduation, and that it's not about convalescence, but about recharging.  in the time that comes with recharging, i can figure things out--i can know what it is that i do in the field of social media, and then target what i want to do from there.  and hopefully, i can ease this burnt-out feeling.



posted by tish grier at 7:52 am
0 comments











about me

name:  tish grier 
location:  easthampton, massachusetts, united states 
independent online journalist, professional blogger, social media maven, newbie entrepreneur
view my complete profile

disclaimer:  just in case you didn't figure it out yet, this is my personal blog.  the views expressed here do not represent the views of anyone other than myself.


interesting blogs and the people who keep them
halley's comment
starling fitness
blogsisters 
i see invisible people 
what's cluttering my couch? 
man in space
schizophelia jones
have coffee will write
shamash says...
dancing on colette's grave
lady calliah.com
j. sessum
the business of life
mimknits.com
original faith
caffinara
moon river
everything's sfne
i'm just a girl
 the new charm school
stones in the field
nvnc id vides< nvnc ne vides
recovery vehicle
blogher--women in blogging conference




previous posts

a new insight
bloggers i used to know....
who am i ? where am i?
the big burn-out
the dream job
"you're a good writer..."
integration
completion and acceptance
the joy of sharing one's interests
third time's the charm

archives


 















the blogher blogroll







 



