




skb cases - store: golf, gun, shipping, racks
































skb cases

































generated by html5 slideshow dreamweaver extension 1.2.0




skb
        cases: rack 
        mount - military applications - carrying - shipping cases
world famous
          sport carrying containers for: archery, golf, gun, fishing
 available in a wide range of stock sizes and contemporary styling







 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 















 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 

 

 

 

 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 

 

 

 

 

 







call toll free: 800-218-7457 


 
products:
 


 
 
 
 
 


 



skb injection molded cases mil-standard, submersible, multi-function equipment transport container with 
                    lifetime warranty. 





fishing
                    equipment & tackle boxes  specially
                    engineered travel utility containers for the avid fishing enthusiasts: airline
                    safe tackle boxes, fishing rod transport systems and fighting belts for the
                    serious saltwater angler.



golf
                    travel recognized
                    at every major international airport as the professional choice for club
                    protection.



rifle
                    & gun cases combat
                    tested gun cases engineered to exceed the ata specification 300, category 1.
                    they are designed to deliver guns/weapons and instruments to hostile destinations in
                    performance ready condition. neoprene "o-ring" sealing gasket to keep
                    out harmful moisture. quality die-cast locking latches maintain a secure
                    closure. 



19"
                    rack the
                    world's most trusted rack-mount systems, 19" standard racks with front and
                    rear rack rails. molded-in bumpers on front and rear lid corners for maximum
                    hardware protection.



attaché style
                    carrying case sleek
                    and contemporary styling. available for fast delivery in 12 different sizes.



ata & utility
                    shipping containers military
                    style plastic containers with molded-in corner bumpers and spring loaded
                    handles. available in five sizes.


 



roto
                    x shipping container rugged
                    rotationally molded shipping containers, stackable for safe and efficient
                    transport and storage. heavy duty hardware (latches and handles) is recessed to
                    protect them from impact. 





plasma new
                    rotationally molded container will transport, protect and deliver 42" &
                    50" plasma screen monitors. computer designed custom foam interior to
                    cushion primary impact points.



trade
                    show utility unique
                    and functional top loader utility roller with a removable tray for tools and
                    accessories. 



wheeled
                              case popular
                    plastic containers with telescoping, retractable pull-handle and roller-blade
                    style wheels for easy handling. molded-in bumpers are designed to absorb shock
                    and vibration. 



 
see
                    the complete line of containers for  shipping
                      & carrying



rolling shockmount  mac pro tower case the new rolling shockmount  mac pro tower case accommodates the mac pro towers, providing convenient  portability along with continuous shock absorbing protection.



 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


  
custom
        packaging design offers hundreds off-the shelf ata skb  cases and reusable containers. in business since 1986, we have amassed an unsurpassed knowledge on containers and foam systems. this knowledge base, coupled with our in house custom foam manufacturing and engineering has made
        us the ideal supplier to large and small firms throughout the industry.
on
          the next  pages, we showcase skb carrying
          containers and our foam services, we can create a completely custom interior to
          accommodate any product or piece of equipment. our designers can help you select
          the perfect case for your needs. 
skb takes toughness to an extreme. all their products are molded from ultra high molecular weight polyethylene can withstand tremendous impact without cracking or denting.  they are also resistant to solvents, oils, fuels,
          acids and temperature extremes from -200°f to +185°f, ultimate protection under any circumstance.
other standard features include tongue-in-groove, heavy-duty aluminum valances and corrosion-resistant hardware. some models have molded rib design allows for secure stacking, storage and transport. our entire line of shipping containers are manufactured to enhance your product’s image inside and out. trend-setting design and sleek styling have  been carefully crafted throughout these virtually indestructible
          plastic cases.
           

whether you ship it air freight or throw it in the back of a cargo truck, you can bang it, bump  it or drop it and these
          transit containers will still look great. but more importantly, rest assured, whatever you are carrying should
          be protected in the same performance ready condition as when it went in. our
          commitment does not stop with our product selection. we've established services
          and hired associates that are in tune with your shipping container applications and
      travel needs. to discuss your application, call us toll free at 800-218-7457, or contact us by e-mail at: sales@cpd-industries.com
 


 

design guide for 

please visit this area, where you will
          find simple step by step instructions on how to determine the correct size for your application.

 


 
warranty
          information: skb products are fully warranted
          against defects in materials and craftsmanship while in possession of the
          original owner. skb will repair or replace any
          product found to be defective. damages due to accident, improper care,
          negligence or normal wear, where skb is not at
          fault, will be repaired for a reasonable charge. what
            do i have to do before i return my case for repair? contact customer service
      department at 800-783-0087 for a return authorization number.
 


 






 
 
 


home - bow & archery cases - golf cases  - rifle & hand gun cases - fishing cases - plasma
cases - rack cases  - containers - warranty
site map
copyright © 2000 - 2015
    last modified: 
        
10/23/2017




