












blood donation saves lives — stanford blood center








































































go











 blood donation appointments: 888-723-7831

 



go




 
select languagearabicchinese (simplified)chinese (traditional)englishfilipinofrenchgermanhebrewhindiitalianjapanesekoreanportuguesespanishthaivietnamese





 


    donor loyalty store
    




 






 
 #givebloodsbc

 












menumenuhomeabout sbc

about sbc

donation center locations & hoursour leadershiptimeline / historycontact us 
work for sbc

work for sbccurrent job openingssbc culture & impacttraining opportunities 

give blood

how to donate

the donation process

preparing to donatepost-donation 
donation q&afirst-time blood donor information 
where to donate

donation center locations & hoursfind a mobile blood drive 
am i eligible to donate?

general eligibility informationcommon deferrals

emerging infectious diseaseshemoglobinmedicationsmsm deferral (historical)covid-19tattoostravel 
 
donate now

check in (sbc precheck) 
donor recognition & rewards

promotionsdonor store / rewards programmilestone program 
donor support

donor login helpcontact us 
other ways to donate

donating for researchspecial donations 

learn

blood donation facts

blood donation facts & statisticsblood typesblood termsiron and blood donation 
types of donations / blood products

whole bloodapheresis: platelets, plasma, superredplateletsplasmasuperred 
just for fun

blood in pop cultureblood type animals 

products & services

products & services

about our products & servicesorder products and servicesproducts & services ordering help: faqsdonating for research 
our labs

hla labdonor testing laboratoryflow cytometry labengleman lab / cil 
for new customers

product and service inquiry 

sbc stories

sbc stories

hemoblogin (the sbc blog)patient storiesdonor storiesteam sbc storiessbc volunteers stories 
publications

pulse magazine and e-newsletter

pulse 2021pulse 2020 
newsletter archive 2002-2019 (lifelink) 
share your story

tell your story / #whyidonate#yearoffirsts#everydaybrave 
videos

sbc tv 

get involved

community events

community eventscafé scientifiqueeducational presentations 
community programs

give goodhigh school scholarship 
how you can help

host a blood drivepartner with sbcvolunteer with sbcsocial media toolkitmake a financial gift 

 



call us: 888-723-7831 — hours & locations — find a drive
 




select languagearabicchinese (simplified)chinese (traditional)englishfilipinofrenchgermanhebrewhindiitalianjapanesekoreanportuguesespanishthaivietnamese




 



 




make an appointmentdonor account loginsbc precheck™drive coordinator loginsbc careers

 











did you know…?
about every two seconds, someone in the u.s. needs blood.
that means, this many people have needed blood since you arrived here:








today’s blood need
click a blood type or product below to learn more. those in red indicate an increased need today.


0+0-a+a-b+b-ab+ab-plateletsplasma



blood donation: how it works











before your appointment:

always be sure to drink plenty of water before donating blood!
eat an iron-rich meal. eating enough iron is essential to ensuring that your hemoglobin level is right for donating. you can check out some tips on getting enough iron here.
bring your donor id. if you have a donor id, be sure to bring it with you to your appointment. first-time donors or returning donors without a donor id card should bring a valid state-issued photo identification.

avoid alcohol and fatty foods for 24 hours, and aspirin (if donating platelets) for 48 hours, before your donation.


learn more about eligibility









the donation process




congratulations, you made an appointment to donate blood and save lives! so what happens now? there are four basic steps to every blood donation:

registration
medical history
donation
rest & refreshments



learn more









after your blood donation:



always be sure to drink plenty of water to rehydrate.
sit down or lie down if you feel lightheaded or dizzy. call our post-donation callback line at (650) 725-9968 if you feel unwell.
rest and replenish iron. we recommend you take an iron supplement and/or eat foods rich in iron combined with a source of vitamin c after your donation.

avoid alcoholic beverages and vigorous exercise for at least 24 hours after donating, and be sure to keep that bandage on for a few hours!






please call our post-donation callback line at (650) 725-9968 immediately if you:

feel that your blood should not be given to a patient;
are not sure that your blood is safe;
develop a fever within 24 hours after donating;
have any illness within two weeks of your donation; or
are diagnosed by a physician as having west nile, dengue, chikungunya, zika, or ebola virus infection.







hemoblogin: the sbc blog




precious mettle 2023on saturday, october 7 from 8:30 – 11:00 a.m., stanford blood center presented our 2023 precious mettle event to celebrate our milestone donors who have contributed 100 or more lifetime donations. this year’s event marked the 27th anniversary of precious mettle. the program the 2023 precious mettle theme was reaching the next-gen donor. the program... read morecelebrating black history: pioneers in transfusion, transplantation and biosciencesblack history month is a time to reflect on the extraordinary contributions of black scientists and medical professionals whose innovations have shaped modern medicine. from groundbreaking discoveries in transfusion medicine to pioneering research in immunology and pathology, these individuals represent a small fraction of the contributions of black scientists and innovators who have left an... read morethe complicated history of hela cells: henrietta lacks’ legacy in biomedical researchhenrietta lacks was born on august 1, 1920, in roanoke, virginia. after her mother’s death in 1924, she was sent to live with her grandfather in clover, virginia, where she shared a home with her cousin, david “day” lacks. the two later married in 1941 and had five children. seeking better opportunities, they moved to... read morefrom family emergency to lifesaving mission: my journey as a blood and platelet donorby praveen gurunath bharathi my journey as a blood donor began with a personal family emergency. years ago, my uncle in india needed blood for his heart surgery. i remember feeling apprehensive at first, unsure if i would even be eligible to donate due to my weight. but i decided to try, and it was… read morea heartfelt commitment: one donor’s journey inspired by her fatheramy malvase hadn’t given much thought to the idea of blood donation until spending time at her dad’s side during his treatment for a gastrointestinal bleed. he struggled with low hemoglobin, requiring several blood transfusions. “there was one time when he needed a more urgent transfusion,” she recalls. “we were so fortunate that the blood… read moresaving lives through simple acts: annie shiau’s blood donor storyannie shiau’s journey as a blood donor began when she was just 16 as an american living overseas in taipei. back then, she would often pass by the bloodmobiles and feel a pull to help, but because she wasn’t a resident, she wasn’t eligible to donate. “as a teenager, i wanted to help, so it… read more



 




make an appointmentdonor account loginsbc precheck™drive coordinator loginsbc careers

news, events & promotions 


critical need for o bloodall blood types are needed, especially, type o. please make your earliest available appointment. (make an appointment online)
 
 


win tickets to see coldplay or shakira in concert!donate blood february 1-28 and you'll get 1000 bonus points to spend in our donor store plus a chance to win four tickets to see coldplay or shakira in concert!
learn more.
 
 


sharks blood drivedonate blood at the 2025 san jose sharks drive
you could win sharks tickets!
sunday, march 9, 2025. learn more
 


offering a1c testing with every donationget a glimpse into your health with sbc’s new initiative: free hemoglobin a1c (hba1c) testing with every blood donation. learn more.
 
 


new tote bagfor a limited time, get this roomy cotton canvas tote bag in celebration of black history month. available while supplies last in our donor loyalty store. learn more about how you earn donor loyalty points with every donation.
or... donate at any mobile drive in february and you'll get a redemption card for a free tote.
 


four seasons club 2025donate four times in 2025 and you’ll get this unique, nature-inspired t-shirt as a thanks for your consistent dedication to patients.
make an appointment today to donate blood.
 
 


skip the line with sbc precheck™!want to speed up your next donation? you can now fill out your medical history form before you arrive for your appointment! learn more
 
 


reentry testing read more

for donors age 16 sixteen years old? don’t forget to bring your signed consent form and id with you when you donate!
instructions for minorsget the consent form

research products and serviceslooking for products or testing services for research?
learn more



















company pagesabout stanford blood center
contact us
donation center locations & hours
current job openings
sbc leadership
mediamedia releases
media kit
sbc stories
social media toolkit
 



0




 

locations 

menlo park
445 burgess drive
suite #100
menlo park, ca 94025

mountain view
515 south drive
suite #20
mountain view, ca 94040

south bay
295 e. hamilton avenue
campbell, ca 95008

tri-valley
3738 fallon road
dublin, ca 94568


 

find a blood drive 
contact us 
phone: 650-723-7831
toll-free: 888-723-7831
email us


 








our mission: we lead the fields of transfusion and transplantation medicine by advancing science and technology. we provide hope for the future by teaching the medical leaders of tomorrow. we enhance lives by connecting donors to patients every day.
                  ©2017–2025 stanford blood center. all rights reserved.
privacy policy — website feedback — contact us



 






























