




mecates.com






 
 

 


welcome to our shop 
what's new? 
updated 14 november 2009. 
the available
now  page is chock full of great things, all in stock and ready to go! we
have some one-of-a-kind items there, so be sure to check it out now instead of
doing your holiday shopping at the last minute. 
due to the limited availability of some of these items, please call with
inquiries rather than using email. my number is 307.655.3275. 
we have added a few new pages to the site to showcase some of these items.
our new and unusual page has been replaced by the available
now page and the personal leathergoods
page. available now is just that, items that are
currently available for shipping. some items might be from cancelled orders and
others might be the result of our trying new things or playing around in the
shop to make something fun. you'll have to give it a look sometime.  
we have added some pictures to the stock
headstall gallery. also in the leather
products department, we have added a new curb strap design to our curb
straps  page and a couple of new slobber straps complete with pictures and descriptions.  

the spur strap page is looking much better with an
interesting assortment of styles and designs. we have also posted pictures and
descriptions of our night latches on their own
page. we have added a page for hobbles and a new photo
on the chinks page. 
we have also taken our gallery of mane hair mecates and divided it into two,
one for our standard mecates, which is the mane hair mecate
gallery and one for the unusual ones, which is our fancy
mecate gallery. there are also some new additions to the fancy
headstall gallery to check out as well. 
in order to help you make informed decisions about the different types of
silver trim, we have added a page of frequently asked
questions about silver.  
to clarify ordering procedures, payment options and
shipping choices, we have created a page that will hopefully answer all of
your questions. 
 enjoy! 
thank you for stopping in for a visit. we have a wide variety of
products to sure to please the discriminating horseperson. our specialties are
handmade mecates and leather strap goods, but we have been known to do other
custom items. 
we greatly appreciate your patience in this venture. most of our time is
spent making our functional works of art and in customer service. we will be
adding more to this site as we have time. 
feel free to look around all you like. if you have any questions or comments,
we'd sure like to hear from you. 
please check in often to see our progress on the site and new product
offerings. 
thank you for your time and interest. 

contact information
please feel free to contact us anytime. 

telephone 
companyphone
fax 
companyfax
postal address 
companyaddress
shipping address
6 mill road dayton, wy 82836
electronic mail 
general information and sales: companyemail 





 
 




copyright © 2001 companylongname


last modified: july 18, 2013




