







nata research & education foundation – supporting and advancing the athletic training profession through research and education






























skip to content


nata research & education foundation

donate
menu

about us

board of directors
committees
awards
deia
news


education

educational resources

research to clinical practice
about the erc


mentorship programs

doctoral mentor program
faculty mentor program


scholarships

scholarship endowments
scholarship awardees
how to apply


student writing contest


research

athletic training research agenda

research cares
#atsknowwhy social media campaign


free communications program

free communications awards


pronouncements

position statements


research grants

research program endowments
grant priorities
masters student grant program
research grant awardees
summary & impact reports


distinguished scholar lecture exchange


the at profession

at education
position statements
at strategic alliance
at glossary


support

ways to give

donate now
automatic recurring gifts
gifts of stocks and other marketable securities
planned giving societies
at loyal giving society


special events and campaigns

giving tuesday


scholarship sponsorship
research grant sponsorship
partner with us

executive partners




 
facebook
instagram
twitter


search


search for:



 






nata foundation announces new executive partnership with pfats foundation. learn more. 
 







join the circle of champions!  learn more
 







submit your research grant proposal today.  call for proposals is open  now open through february 15. learn more. 
 







join the circle of champions!  learn more
 

















our mission
the nata research and education foundation is the philanthropic arm of the national athletic trainers' association (nata).  the nata foundation champions research, supports education, and enhances knowledge to optimize the clinical experience and outcomes within the diverse patient populations served by the athletic training profession.


nata foundation spotlight



education spotlight


the erc has prepared timely and helpful compilations of resources to make the latest science behind ebp easily accessible for athletic trainers and other healthcare professionals. view past newsletters here. 



research spotlight


congratulations to the 2024 research grant recipients.  read more.
 



support spotlight


did you know you can automate your annual gift to the nata foundation, and spread it out in monthly increments (making your giving more manageable with your household budget)?  establishing recurring monthly gifts allows you to commit your support to the at profession (through the nata foundation) then not worry about making your gift – it is done automatically.   your giving instructions can be changed at anytime (no contracts involved).
you can enroll here.





nata foundation connect

facebook
instagram
twitter













 
 








 

about us
education
research
the at profession
support
 

the nata foundation champions research, supports education, and enhances knowledge to optimize the clinical experience and outcomes within the diverse patient populations served by the athletic training profession. 

mailing address for check donations/payments only:
nata research & education foundation
dept #42169
p.o. box 650823
dallas, tx  75265-0823

office physical address:
1620 valwood parkway, ste 115, carrollton, tx 75006

(214)637-6282 or (800)879-6282
fndnstaff@nata.org

the nata research and education foundation is a nonprofit 501(c)(3) organization. ein number: 75-2395176
donate
privacy pledge
contact us
 © 2023 nata research & education foundation. all rights reserved.










