


welcome to my homepage





 








sign in
sign-up










 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close




welcome to my homepage

welcome to my homepage

create your site.





in this first paragraph, i should introduce myself, my business, my club, or my reason for building a web site. i can use the subheadings below to give detailed introductions, or i can just summarize the introduction here. i could also give visitors tips for navigating my site--what's located under each button, for example.


listing site updates


under one of these subheadings, it's a good idea to list recent updates to my site so that visitors, especially return visitors, can check out the new stuff first. for example, i could list the date and a brief description of the update.
 
        i could also list updated news about my site's topic. for example, if my site were about a particular sport, i'd could discuss the outcome of a recent competition.







notifying visitors of site enhancements


another idea for my home page's text is notifying visitors about the enhancements i put on my site. for example, i want visitors to sign my guestbook or fill out my survey form e-mailer to answer questions about my site, my business, or my site's topic.




getting rich quick--from my site!


i might not want a large amount of text on my home page if i want to guide visitors toward my other pages. instead of text, i can add others' buttons to this first page, and i'll be rewarded for people who click on the buttons. for example, if a visitor signs up for a visa using the nextcard button on my site, i earn at least $20!


email@emailaddress.com


behind the scenes of my home page


even if i don't put much text on my home page, it's a good idea to include hidden tools that will help me promote my site, so people other than my friends and family actually see it. for example, i could add meta tags, which are hidden codes that allow search engines to find my site. i could also install stats and a counter so i know how many people are visiting. if not many are visiting, submitting my site to search engines will guide more traffic to my site.


email@emailaddress.com























