





	home














































































button




home
for credit
registration
calendar
resources
webinars
sesta
icie
partners
framework










































find new guidance and resources on the sld criteria on the comprehensive evaluation page.









the idaho training clearinghouse (itc) connects  all idaho educators and parents with hundreds of special education resources. start your search for resources below by keyword, a specialized role, or a specific topic.









search by specialized role







directors






paraprofessionals






parents






principals







search by specific topic







accessible educational materials
                





assistive technology






autism and low incidence
                





behavior






comprehensive evaluation
                





cultivating readers
                





early childhood






educational services for the deaf and blind
                





idaho tiered behavior supports
                





individualized education  program (iep)
                





open educational resources
                





pyramid collaborative
                





quick guides library






rda monitoring system
                





restraint & seclusion
                





school-based medicaid
                





secondary transition
                





students with significant   cognitive disabilities
                





universal design for learning
                


























































announcements

partners in learning - free webinar seriesinterveners play a critical role for students with deafblindness. this series explores how interveners ensure consistent information and communication, how to use the eight sensory systems to support learning environments, and how to act as a bridge between students and the world. learn more and register:session 1 - january 22, 2025 (recording)session 2 - january 29, 2025 (recording)session 3 - february 5, 2025 (recording)proven behavioral practicesproven behavioral practices is a one-day, workshop-style training that provides attendees with the knowledge and tools to implement four evidence-based practices (prompting, reinforcement, visual supports, and data-based decision making) to support educators in preventing, teaching, and responding to behavior. learn more and register.comprehensive evaluationcomprehensive evaluation is a training designed for any member of a special education team who is involved in the evaluation process. participants will develop an in-depth understanding of the evaluation process from the referral to eligibility determination. learn more and register.early childhood summer institutethis two-day training in june offers continuing education credits and covers a wide scope of topics including: idea and federal requirements, strategies for engaging families, evaluation and eligibility, assessments, transition, iep, and much more. learn more and register.    can't find what you're looking for?  let us help! tell us what it is and we'll find it for you.   












state resources

  sesta help desk request idaho special education manual idaho special education forms new teacher resource kit     yes overview resourcesclick on the image above to view.   itc newsletters the itc newsletter provides quarterly updates on upcoming trainings, online courses, and website updates.newsletter sign-upand archives 

 









national resources

  us department of education   sea, lea, head start collaborations: a letter that delineate the responsibilities for seas, leas, and head start programs to implement idea to ensure children with disabilities enrolled in head start programs receive free appropriate education in the least restrictive environment.    children with disabilities in private schools: a q&a document intended to provide guidance regarding the idea requirements applicable to children with disabilities placed by their parents in private schools.     restraint and seclusion: a resource document that describes principles for states, school districts, schools, parents, and other stakeholders to consider when developing or revising policies and procedures on the use of restraint and seclusion.      supporting student mental health: a resource that highlights seven recommendations for providing school- or program-based mental health support across early childhood, k-12 schools, and higher education settings.   english learners: a website providing an overview on our nation’s english learners. there is also an english learner tool kit from usdoe and educator and developer toolkits to support english learners from the office of educational technology. finally, a guidance manual for educators of english learners with disabilities from the national center on educational outcomes.   office of special education and rehabilitative services (osers)   state general supervision responsibilities: a guidance document on responsibilities under parts b and c of idea and the monitoring, technical assistance, and enforcement thereof.    highly mobile children: a letter with resources, guidance, and important principles to help states, school districts, families and others ensure the rights of highly-mobile children with disabilities.   avoiding discriminatory use of discipline: a guidance resource to help public schools meet the needs of students with disabilities and avoid the discriminatory use of student discipline.    implementing idea report to congress: a report released in january 2022 that focuses on children with disabilities being served under idea, part b and part c, nationally and at the state level. office of special education programs (osep)    personnel qualifications under idea: this memorandum describes idea requirements related to personnel qualifications and alternative certifications as well as resources available to support states' efforts in meeting them.    race, ethnicity, and idea part b: a fast facts resource on race and ethnicity of children with disabilities served under idea part b. there is also a supplemental tool, hand in hand, which explores idea, section 618 data with the specific lens on race and ethnicity.   attract, prepare, retain personnel: an information and resource page addressing shortages in the special education workforce. also access a series of osep briefs to learn about strategies to attract, prepare, and retain effective personnel to serve children with disabilities.    national disability rights network    removal of children with disabilities from public schools: a report titled “out from the shadows-informal removal of children with disabilities from public schools” regarding protecting the rights of children with disabilities in school.    iris center   a national center dedicated to improving education outcomes for all children through the use of effective evidence-based practices and interventions. find evidence-based online learning modules across many subjects.   national center on intensive interventions   a national center with the mission to build knowledge and capacity to support the implementation of intensive intervention for students with severe and persistent learning needs using data-based individualization (dbi).  

 


































































































contact us

                if you have questions or comments about this site or need to request information, please contact us:
            

                idaho training clearinghouse (itc)
                email: itc@uidaho.edu


                the itc is housed at the university of idaho's center on disabilities and human development and
                funded by the idaho state department of education, special education department
            



meet the team





for our partners

                use the buttons below to login to the itc, access the itc learning lab or review our manual. reach out with any questions or for help logging in.
            



login






a11y idaho






learning lab






itc user manual

































































©
idaho training clearinghouse
terms of use
privacy statement
 login
















