









learning drives us forward | south dakota board of regents


































 









skip to content



 


search for:








news & eventscontact directoryfaqspolicyabout 


search for:








toggle navigationthe boardmembersmeeting informationdepartmentsinitiativesfast track admissionstrategic planlegislative prioritiesour dakota dreamsour schoolsstudents & educatorsenrollment servicescost & aidstudent resourceseducator resourcesresearch & reportsdashboards and researchpublicationsfinancial reportsexport controls
 





homepageml-admin2024-09-11t14:11:50-05:00 
learning drives us forward
before we lead, we learn
at the south dakota board of regents, our job is to advance the state of south dakota through teaching, research, and a dedication to service. our system is made up of eight institutions, including six public universities and two schools serving special k-12 populations: the deaf and the visually impaired.
learn the storychoose your schoolnot only do our universities help shape the state’s economy, but they also help shape its future by developing the next generation of south dakota’s leaders. if you have a career goal—whether it be in agriculture, business, cyber security, health science, law, or engineering—a state university has a program to get you there.
your journey starts here.the freedom offered by south dakota’s public universities goes far beyond academics.it’s about more than just hitting the books – it’s about the freedom to grow, explore new horizons, and embrace opportunities that may not have been possible anywhere else. in south dakota, students have the autonomy to shape their own futures. take advantage of this opportunity to invest in your future without compromising on quality. when you choose south dakota, you choose to embark on your life’s journey of academic excellence and financial independence.
thanks to virtually flat tuition rates for the past five years, students and their families can plan for higher education with greater financial certainty. in fact, this year’s graduating class is paying the same price per credit hour as they were in their first year, based on a four-year graduation plan. with stable tuition rates, students can focus on their future without the added pressure of rising costs, allowing them to graduate with less debt and more opportunities.
learn about the south dakota advantage0students served annually0jobs generated annually$0billion annual economic impactupcoming eventsapril
2
2025
board of regents meetingapril 2 - april 3northern state university
may
19
2025
board of regents meetingmay 19 - may 21state game lodge
july
16
2025
board of regents meetingjuly 16 - july 17south dakota state university
october
1
2025
board of regentsoctober 1 - october 2black hills state university
see all events



 
 
sdbor employee portalbor outlook exchange mailinternal archiveemployment opportunitiesprivacy policysdbor employee portalbor outlook exchange mailinternal archiveemployment opportunitiesprivacy policysouth dakota board of regents
306 e. capitol avenue
suite 200
pierre, sd 57501
605 773 3455


 
 
page load link

 


search for:









toggle navigationthe boardmembersmeeting informationdepartmentsinitiativesfast track admissionstrategic planlegislative prioritiesour dakota dreamsour schoolsstudents & educatorsenrollment servicescost & aidstudent resourceseducator resourcesresearch & reportsdashboards and researchpublicationsfinancial reportsexport controls 


search for:








toggle navigationnews & eventscontact directoryfaqspolicyabout 


search for:









 








 


go to top




