

  


kent crockett christian author & speaker









 

home
bio
sermon illustrations
devotionals
bible studies
guestbook
contact


 






visit kent's new ministry making life count  www.makinglifecount.net 
            for printable bible studies and video teachings












the sure cure for worry
                    by kent crockett
                    do you feel hopeless about your future? are you terrified that an economic collapse or some other tragedy will occur? are you panicking because you think that you will never find the right person to marry? how is it possible to live in this uncertain world without worrying? the sure cure for worry gives proof that you can trust god to guide and provide for you, even when the world appears to be out of control.
“the book you are holding in your hands will show you how you can trust god and how to keep from worrying.”—george foreman, former two-time heavyweight boxing champion and olympic gold medalist
                    “it is unlikely you will ever read the very important information in this book anywhere else.”—peter lord,bestselling author of hearing god and the 2959 plan

















click here for sample chapters
slaying your giants
                    by kent crockett
                    filled with inspiring stories, thought-provoking insights, and heart-warming humor, slaying your giants gives biblical step-by-step methods to help you defeat 20 invisible giants you will face in life. includes free 20-lesson discussion guide for group studies. learn how to overcome:

hopelessness
fear
rejection
worry
depression
anger
unforgiveness
temptation
guilt
doubt
jealousy and much more.

“wow! practical! user friendly! this is not one of those books that you will keep on your bookshelf. you'll keep this one on your desk, no further than arm's length!”—pastor david lino, kingwood, texas
                    









 
book for pastors being attacked
 who are the “pastor abusers”? they are mean-spirited church members who criticize and bully
                      their pastor with the goal of forcing him out. how can a pastor defend himself against these
                      attacks? pastor abusers: when sheep attack their shepherd is a survival manual for pastors,
                      giving helpful advice about what to do, when to stay, and when to leave. every pastor needs to
                  read this book! more…







10 secrets to life's biggest challenges
peter lord and kent crockett share the secrets of solving life's ten biggest challenges. discussion questions at the end of each chapter make this advice book perfect for small group studies, married couples, high school and college graduates, and those who are struggling with life.
“pastoral guidance and sound scriptural perspective make this book a must-read.”—robert morris, the blessed life television program & senior pastor, gateway church, southlake, texas.
“this book will inspire you with insights and practical tips.”—johnny hunt, former president southern baptist convention.
“a fantastic resource to equip every believer with the knowledge and skills necessary to overcome in every circumstance.”—jimmy evans, marriage today television program







 
making today count for eternity (now available as ebook)
                    by kent crockett
                    your time on earth is just a test to determine what you'll be doing in your next life, after you die. making
                      today count for eternity explains how to know you’re going to heaven, what the judgment seat of christ
                      will be like, and how god will reward his children in the next life for even the smallest acts of kindness. this
                    book will give you hope and help you understand your purpose in life.






 
hearing god (updated and expanded) by peter lord

                    how do we hear from god?  peter lord's classic book hearing 
                      god has 
                      been updated and expanded with new chapters. you will learn how to 
                      discern god's voice and discover god's will for your life. revised and 
                      edited by kent crockett.  






  
god in my corner by george foreman

                    in 1977, george foreman died in his locker room after a heavyweight boxing match. that extraordinary near-death experience would alter the direction of his life forever. what happened on "the other side" that would change him from an angry, bitter person to the jovial man he is today? in god in my corner, you'll read about george's amazing
                    "damascus road" experience, along with the life-lessons he's learned as a result of it. you'll be fascinated by each chapter as you read about: 
                    
george's incredible near-death experience and vision in the locker room
                      phoning and forgiving his enemies that he previously wanted to kill
                      becoming the oldest heavyweight boxing champion in history at age 45
                      the story behind his waving the american flag at the 1968 olympics
                      losing everything and going broke after being a millionaire
                      how he almost turned down the george foreman grill
                      why he named all his sons george edward foreman 
                        





home | bio | sermon illustrations | devotionals | bible studies | guestbook | contact






