







north american cultural laboratory




















































                home
              



                events
              


about



                  mission
                



                  deep space
                



                  spaces
                



                  works
                



                  people
                





                contact
              



                shop
              



                membership
              


support



                  donate
                



                  sponsor
                

















                home
              



                events
              


about



                  mission
                



                  deep space
                



                  spaces
                



                  works
                



                  people
                





                contact
              



                shop
              



                membership
              


support



                  donate
                



                  sponsor
                












































 



north american cultural laboratorybuilding a haven for independent exploratory art and culturewe are an artist-run, member-supported, nonprofit residency center dedicated to research and development in the performing arts.thanks to all who helped us exceed our winter fund drive goal, propelling us into the new year!




    make a donation
  

 

2025 deep space residencies : schedule coming soon










david dorfman dance / leora morris
photo: maria baranova










the hinterlands
photo: kat schleicher










nacl & c. julian jiménez present the outrage: a queer writers' residency










rima fand
photo: cecilia du bucourt










bailey williams










¡oye! group / modesto 'flako' jimenez










 

 

the periodic table













check out the periodic table and become a member of naclthe periodic table is our online journal of inquiries and findings that provides a forum for members near and far to engage with the work.




    subscribe today
  

 

the gift shop






shop




























nacl stemless wine glasses








from $15.00


quaff your beverage of choice in these beautiful, sturdy glasses screen-printed with the nacl logo on the occasion of our 25th anniversary.
read more →





























nacl t-shirts








$25.00

special anniversary design screen printed by spencer printing in honesdale, pa on 100% cotton shirts by alternative apparel. choose from two versions: the 25th anniversary on white, or the 26th year version on midnight blue.
read more →





























"greetings from highland lake" post cards








from $2.00


original design on a vintage background. tell your loved ones about your favorite catskill artist retreat!
read more →











 

deep space








2017  bread arts collective
rise and fall








2019  justin hicks and the hawtplates
water boy and the mighty world








2015  the assembly
33 demon teeth








2016  a host of people
re-release party (the golden record)








2018  the drunkard's wife (normandy sherwood & craig flanagin)
madame lynch








2014  jenn kidwell & scott r. sheppard
the underground railroad game










 



the deep space residency programdeep space supports the development of new work by established and emerging artists and groups who make devised, original, or ensemble performance. the program allows artists time and space to experiment — to explore new ideas or dig deeper into ongoing projects — and to refine artistic choices for performance works in various stages of development. each residency incorporates a public sharing of work-in-progress with an audience accustomed to engaging with raw material and curious about all stages of the artistic process. these public exchanges can take the form of informal discussions, readings, trial runs, or full productions, and are typically followed by a simple shared meal.

 

nacl spaces

























 



workspace : lifespace : dreamspaceone of our greatest resources is space, both interior and exterior. the theatre and adjacent 12-bedroom artist residence allow concentrated time for groups and individuals to focus on creative work. the surrounding environs of lake and woodland provide both an invaluable insulation from mundane concerns and fresh inspiration for the spirit.

 

nacl productions





















































































































































devising linesnacl was founded in a distinctive tradition of ensemble theatre that prioritizes a performer-driven creative process. works are constructed from performer-generated material with a director/playwright jointly building the structure of a performance over time in a kind of give and take that shapes not only the final product but the participants themselves. the company produced 20 original full productions in its first two decades. 



over a quarter-century of exploration and discoveryin 2022 nacl marked 25 years as an organization committed to fostering new works in the performing arts. the following slideshow was created to commemorate this anniversary and pay tribute to the countless artists who have passed in and out of the doorways (and windows) and given something of themselves that lingers in the walls and the ceilings and the floors of lakewood house and st. bernardine’s lakeside chapel.



soundtrack from the nacl production the uncanny appearance of sherlock holmes, 2008; music by glenn hall, lyrics by brett keyser; performed by hall, keyser, and sarah dey hirshan

 

in memoriam













ker wells1964 - 2019

 





































back to top
nacl, 110 highland lake road, highland lake, ny, 12743, united states845-557-0694




nacl email list
sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.





first name



last name




email address






sign up





we respect your privacy. we do not share your info.
thank you!















nacl programs are made possible by the new york state council on the arts with the support of the office of the governor and the new york state legislature.









