the sheiling guesthouse ullapool : bed and breakfast in ullapoolthe sheiling guesthouse 01854 612947 mail@thesheilingullapool.co.ukhome our rooms book online about us breakfast around ullapool our gallery reviews morespecial offerslocationget in touch bbq available beach nearby bicycle storage breakfast includedwelcome to the sheilinga warm and friendly welcome awaits guests at ullapool's finest guest house, offering bed and full scottish breakfast. the sheiling is a very comfortable, modern home, which stands peacefully beside the shore of loch broom and enjoys fabulous views of the loch and mountains beyond.  accommodation for guests is spacious with fabulous views of the loch from the sitting room and breakfast room, as well from some of the bedrooms.the picturesque fishing village of ullapool, is on the west coast of scotland in the north west highlands.the sheiling is just 5 minutes from the caledonian macbrayne ferry to the hebrides (western isles) which leaves twice daily from ullapool harbour. so if you are planning a trip to stornoway on lewis, harris or any of the other hebridean islands why not stop off in ullapool and enjoy all the delights the village and surrounding area have to offer.best rate guaranteed when you book direct on our website.throughout the year ullapool hosts a number of events such as feis rois, the guitar festival, the book festival and round the pier day. the sheiling is just a few minutes walk from the centre ullapool village and so is an ideal place to stay if you are planning to attend any of the events held in ullapool. or why not plan a break to enjoy the peace and tranquility offered in this beautiful and peaceful area. ullapool makes an ideal base for exploring the highlands of scotland, and the sheiling is one of the finest guest houses in the highlands as we hope our reviews and feedback reflects."an outstandingly comfortable guest house overlooking the loch with immaculate spacious rooms, superb breakfasts" from the rough guide to scotlandour licence number under the civic government (scotland) act 1982 (licensing of short-term lets) order 2022 is hi-10390-f.selection of our roomssee roomdouble en-suite room (inc. breakfast)double room with en-suite (shower), hostess tray, tv, loch view.dogs are not permitted in this room.free wifi availablefreeviewlinen and towels providedblackout curtainstea and coffee facilitiescomplimentary toiletriessee roomdouble en-suite room (inc. breakfast)double room with en-suite (shower), hostess tray, tv, sofa, ground floor.dogs are allowed in this room by prior arrangement.pet friendlyfree wifi availablefreeviewluggage storagelinen and towels providedblackout curtainssee roomtwinen-suite room (inc. breakfast)twin room with en-suite (shower), hostess tray, tv, 1st floor.dogs are not permitted in this room.free wifi availablefreeviewluggage storagelinen and towels providedblackout curtainstea and coffee facilitiesreviewshear what people say! click above to read our latest reviews.contact usget in touch with us now with our contact form!arrival / departurecheck in: 4:00pm - 7:30pmcheck out: 10:00am.latest reviewsthe sheiling is a fabulous place to stay. maureen and michael were very welcoming. our double room was spacious, exceptionally clean and with an en-suite that was well planned and also exceptionally clean. the room was well equipped and the bed and bedding provided quality and comfort.breakfast was absolutely delicious.- josie wray  this was my second time at the sheilingmichael and maureen are perfect hosts . the room was ideal with an incredible view of the lakebreakfast is also top notch we will be returning again next year if our ullapool event is on .great stay - raymond m there is not much to say. this year we came back after a first visit last year - and we will return. une ambiance et rã©ception parfaite (excuse our french)maria et rainer - rainer koch  our addressthe sheiling guesthousegarve roadullapooliv26 2sx 01854 612947 mail@thesheilingullapool.co.uk© copyright 2024homeour roomsbook onlineabout usbreakfastaround ullapoolour galleryreviewsspecial offerslocationget in touchprivacy policy
