






yacht crew job placement | fort lauderdale | florida | crewfinders























toggle navigation











 home 




 positions




register




log in




 faq




 pages 

placement
crew obligations
referral agreement
crew info
yacht owners
captains
chief stews & pursers





 resources 

crew houses
insurance
crew salaries
embassies/visas
yacht job faqs
marinas/shipyards
schools/training
yacht links





 contact 

contact now
staff biographies
terms of use
















crewfinders- the name says it all!

 crewfinders has supplied yacht crew to some of the best yachts on the water and is currently searching for a number of applicants with specialized talents.



             click for jobs
          




















                                           
new crewmembers 

                                           register and submit your information:
click here to register






                                      returning crewmembers

                                            check-in and edit your information:
click here to log on



best yacht crew for the best yachts
special announcement our fort lauderdale crewfinders office building has been sold. please call or email us as you have been doing and we are happy to help in any way we can with your search for your next yacht position.


extra crew members are usually hired during the holiday season, which presents a wonderful opportunity to see if a long-term employment relationship would work.




opportunities are plentiful if you are thinking of heading in a new direction or improving your crew job situation. owners are reaping the rewards of some of the best talent in the industry looking for new challenges. the winter season on the eastern seaboard brings cruising in the bahamas and the caribbean, usually with some yard periods in north carolina and south florida to make ready for the upcoming charter season. in the pacific they move from alaska and california into baja and mexico.




crewfinders has supplied yacht crew to some of the best yachts on the water and is currently searching for a number of applicants with specialized talents. 
let us know if you think you have exceptional skills to offer. we will be happy to hear from you.friends.



crewfinders has supplied yacht crew to some of the best yachts on the water and is currently searching for a number of applicants with specialized talents.



let us know if you think you have exceptional skills to offer. we will be happy to hear from you.



our placements are still being done remotely by cell phone and e-mail with great success. 



the crewfinders average starting salary guidelines gives an idea of the current salaries being paid. 
our weekly positions page gives a snapshot of our crew positions currently available. additional positions become available daily and you will be considered for them upon registration. 






yacht crew jobs
find a new job today!
crewfinders will help you find the yacht job you need and want.





register with crewfinders
regester now!
register with crewfinders to be available for new jobs as they become available.





returning crewmembers
stay up to date!
check-in and edit to keep your online resume up to date for latest availability. 















yacht crew job info
find below some of the many resources for yacht crew seeking a new job, a new boat or a new career.







announcement

jobs available
what yacht jobs are available now? find out on the yacht crew jobs page.





aspect_ratio

crew salaries
how much are yacht crew paid? find out on the yacht crew salaries page.





check_circle

crew faq
where can i get my job questions answered?  get the answers to your questions on the crew faq page.









verified_user

crew training
where can i get yacht crew training?  get crew training and more info on the crew training schools page.





vertical_split

placement process
what is the placement process? find complete info on the yacht crew placement page.





announcement

crew employment
where do owners, captains and chief stews go for employing crew? see the yacht owners, captains and stew/purser pages for forms.















register with crewfinders!
register with crewfinders today. it is free to enroll and be available for a new job.


register













join crewfinders
it is free to register with crewfinders international and join the thousands of member crew. this is your first step in getting the crew job you want.











  
                get registered today!
                

                                   register and reap the benefits of having your info ready for the crewfinders staff and employers to get the yacht job you want. registration













  
                stay in touch
                

                                    stay in touch be updating your location, growing job experience and availability. check-in




















crewfinders makes yacht job hunting easier for you.
go to the yacht positions page for the latest job postings. 


new jobs
















home
            


positions
            


register
            


login
            


terms
            


contact
            



      
      mail only: 757 s.e. 17 street, suite 113
 fort lauderdale, florida 33316

phone: 954-522-2739
      
      
      
      
      
        ©
         copyright by
        crewfinders international, inc.
      





















