






wilma’s patio – the best casual neighborhood eats in newport beach. come for the food, stay for the family.




















































 















home
about
menu






takeout
gallery
contact






 










at wilma’s patio, our focus is simple.  it’s on your experience while you’re here.  we invite you to relax and enjoy some home-style cooking and hospitality with your family and friends.  come for the food and good service, enjoy your stay, and we’ll see you back next time!


our goal is to create a warm atmosphere that invites, delights and comforts.located on balboa island’s marine ave, just steps from the beach, wilma’s patio is a casual neighborhood eatery with some of the best home-cooked meals in newport beach. 




the wilma's familywilma’s is a family restaurant built in a casual atmosphere. the drewry family owns and manages the restaurant, the cooks come from two families and are cousins and most important, the family of customers. our regulars come for their “fix” ordering the same item and sitting in the same cozy spot. come on in and find a new favorite.












chef tomaswilma’s is fortunate and proud to have tomas as our head chef since 1991. his style of preparing wholesome meals from fresh, healthy ingredients has been a perfect fit for wilma’s patio. chef tomas has been cooking since childhood, where his family encouraged him to learn to cook as a part of his upbringing. tomas puts a fresh spin on classic dishes, and creates fresh new flavors unique to wilma’s, all with his passion for fresh and wholesome food, flavored with healthy ingredients, and made with care.
we do it for the customers


this is my favorite place to get a good breakfast in newport beach. i sit at the bar, they smile and say hello, like they know me and are happy to see me, yet i've only been here 5-6 times.teresa t., newport beach, ca

wilma's is my go-to whenever in california. the food is always amazing with tons of choices, but what makes wilma's special is how we're treated whenever we go. doesn't matter if we go years between visits, we're treated like family and welcomed like the most important customers in the world.jill s. chandler, az

the restaurant was pretty packed when we arrived we got seated very fast. food and service was great... try any of their eggs benedict meals. they're all delicious!h.d.r. fort worth, tx

 





















































 


some menu favorites
breakfastlunchdinner
the crabby benedictserved with real crab meat. comes with two poached eggs served on toasted english muffin, hollandaise sauce, and hash browns or fresh fruit.32


wilma's egg enchiladasscrambled eggs wrapped in flour tortillas, topped with enchilada sauce and melted jack and cheddar cheese. served with hash browns, guacamole, sour cream, and salsa on the side.22


corned beef hash & two eggscorned beef hash served with two large eggs cooked any style. served with hash browns or fruit and choice of toast or cornbread.20


french toastthick sliced egg bread, dusted with powdered sugar and cinnamon. all of our griddled goods come served with a side of syrup and whipped butter. add fresh strawberries and whipped cream +4.5. add fresh chopped pecans +2.14
grilled sourdough burgerground chuck, short rib, and brisket blended into a juicy 7-ounce flame-broiled patty and cooked to order. on parmesan grilled sourdough, with american cheese, shredded lettuce, tomato, thousand island dressing.22


wilma's crazy saladmixed salad greens, diced chicken breast, feta cheese, green onions, black olives, tomatoes, and red cabbage, tossed with a combination of ranch and italian dressing. topped with roasted almonds and chow mein noodles.22.5


fajitaschicken, steak, or veggies, grilled with bell peppers, onion, and tomato. served with tortillas, guacamole, sour cream, and fresh salsa, as well as vegan refried beans, and mexican style rice. entrée 20 | small 13.5 | burrito 2024


old school club sandwichham, turkey, thick sliced bacon, fresh tomato, iceberg lettuce, mayo, stacked on three slices of white toast, cut into fourths. served with cottage fries, coleslaw, or fresh fruit. substitute onion rings for fries +3 | add cheese to any sandwich +2 24
fried chicken breastbattered chicken breast, fried golden outside, moist inside, with mashed potatoes and gravy. served after 5:00 pm, with seasonal fresh vegetables, a fresh roll and butter.21


prime sirloin filet & dijon caper sauceprime top sirloin sliced and served in a dijon caper sauce, with mashed potatoes and vegetables on the side. served after 5:00 pm, with seasonal fresh vegetables, a fresh roll and butter.32


mango mahi-mahia flame-grilled 6 oz. mahi-mahi filet, topped with sweet mango salsa and served with rice pilaf. blackened with spicy cajun seasoning +2.5. served after 5:00 pm, with seasonal fresh vegetables, a fresh roll, and butter.33


beef stroganoffthinly sliced prime top sirloin in rich a sour cream sauce, with onion and mushrooms, served over egg noodles. served with a side dinner salad and garlic toast. get it a la carte 1527




breakfast


monday - sunday8:00 am to 8:30 pmlunch


monday - sunday8:00 am to 8:30 pmdinner


monday - sunday5:00 pm to 8:30 pm






google maps of balboa island location 




203 marine ave, newport beach, ca 92662 


203 marine avenue newport beach, california 92662  |  949-675-5542


call to get your table








© 2024 wilma's patio. all rights reserved

 









 

privacy preference center







privacy preferences




























































 skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset







