






 



latino public broadcasting 




















































↓ skip to main content

































home
about

mission statement
background
board of directors
staff
funding partners
lpb impact report
donate


programs

watch
program archives
voces
digital media
latinos are essential


news

lpb blog
press releases
e-voz newsletter
latino voces newsletter


funding

public media content fund
digital media fund
awarded projects


resources

covid-19 resources
filmmaker resources

recommended reading
sample proposals
pbs program guidelines & policies
related sites


educational resources


contact










lpb announces newly funded films

each year, lpb invites independent filmmakers to submit proposals for production and post-production support. submissions are reviewed by lpb and a group of public media professionals, including journalists, independent filmmakers, and executives from national organizations.
find out more







subscribe to the latino voces newsletter
lpb’s freshly minted weekly newsletter, “latino voces”, features compelling stories on latino arts and culture. 
this newsletter will showcase engaging original short form content designed to foster a deeper understanding and appreciation of the broad range of latino culture. please sign up here and stay tuned!
find out more







voces shorts
now streaming
curated by lpb and showcasing the work of both emerging and established filmmakers, this anthology of narrative and nonfiction work explores issues such as identity, economy, arts, and community.
find out more






latino vote 2024
now streaming
examine the priorities of a politically diverse latino electorate in the run-up to the 2024 presidential election in some of the most hotly contested battleground states, including arizona, florida, and pennsylvania as well as california and florida.
find out more

 



our texas, our vote
now streaming
on the eve of the 2024 presidential election, acclaimed filmmaker hector galán takes viewers inside the largest latino voter registration mobilization in texas history, led by a new generation on the frontlines of a growing swing state that neither political party can ignore.
find out more

 



el paisa
now streaming as part of the pbs short film festival
after being rescued by a charismatic vaquero on the streets of east la, gay goth skater fernando must put an end to closeted young love, leading to personal transformation and a newfound connection to familia.
find out more

 










press releases




			

						latino public broadcasting announces production funding recipients for 2025
						






			

						voces “our texas, our vote” premieres on pbs and pbs.org  on monday, october 28, 2024
						






			

						new pbs documentary voces: latino vote 2024 examines key issues ahead of the presidential election
						









lpb funding cycle

lpb funding cycle has closed.
for more information on the public media content fund, click here.
for more information on the digital media fund, click here.
see the selected projects from the 2023 funding cycle here.






lpb blog




			

						who's telling our stories?
						






			

						a special message from edward james olmos
						






			

						26 years of latino public broadcasting
						












about us


		latino public broadcasting is the leader of the development, production, acquisition and distribution of non-commercial educational and cultural media that is representative of latino people, or addresses issues of particular interest to latino americans. these programs are produced for dissemination to the public broadcasting stations and other public telecommunication entities. lpb provides a voice to the diverse latino community on public media throughout the united states. latino public broadcasting is a registered 501(c)(3), ein: 95-4776447.
		


subscribe to e-voz newsletter

 










name (*): 

email (*): 







contact us


		3575 cahuenga blvd. suite # 630
los angeles, ca 90068

phone: (323) 969-8000
e-mail: info@lpbp.org

 
















in appreciation of our funders


 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 




			© 2025

				latino public broadcasting
			






























close

video not currently available close




