


free online christian filipina dating site





















jaderune.com


 
 
 





picture listings
home page
about us
helpful links
email us
nipa hut store
forum





 
 
 


 

find a loving filipina girlfriend or wife by using our free online christian philippine dating site.  visit now  to view filipina personals of beautiful filipina women  in search of dating, friends, penpals, love and marriage.  the most trusted dating site for filipina women and foreigners.  
    no memberships!  
yes, it's all for free!
 

to view lady's profiles, go to the 
  pictures listings page 

newest additions 2018 thru 2020 
newest additions 2021 
newest additions 2022
newest additions 2023 and 2024 
 

to get contact information 
    email me at
    jaderune@hotmail.com 
limit is one email to me per day with no more than 12 lady's addresses per email. 

lady's application form
if you submit the application for publication in jaderune.com, then you agree to allow to have your profile published in jaderune and it's subsidiaries  or sister-sites as well. 



view or join the forum right here! 
(if you need any help accessing the forum, then send me an email, and i will send you some instructions.)

gentlemen......
to get the contact information for the ladies, please send an email to me (jaderune@hotmail.com) 
simple rules: 
(1) i will answer one email request from you per day (ip #) , and
(2)  you may request a maximum of 12 addresses per day in your one email.
(3) ask by page number and profile number on that page. (113-4, 237-9, etc.) 
(4) emails normally answered within 24 hours. 
read this warning!

 







help with a donation to 
the cradle of christ foundation 








 

freely you are given the addresses, so freely give to others in some way.

 

 

 
 
men!! have you noticed how almost all of the other pen pal web sites require you to register your name and address and other information about yourself in order to view or receive any of their listed profiles or lady's contact information?  or they have membership requirements, and membership fees? don't worry...you won't be asked to fill out any forms here in order to get any of these lady's contact information. all you have to do is to ask for it by page number and profile number, and it will be sent to you as quickly as possible. no fees...no forms...all 100% free! there is a forum that does require registration to participate in, and i hope that you will join that group, but it is not a requirement to get the addresses. simply click on the word, forum, and you will go to the sign-in page where you can register or log-in.
    i do support an orphanage in cebu, and for their benefit, there are donation buttons throughout the site. it is not required to make a donation to get the contact information of the ladies, but a donation (even a small one) will make you feel so much better, and it will enrich their lives at the same time. 
  there are more than 2500 single, asian, mostly christian ladies from the philippines with free profiles who are published on this site. you can meet a filipina girl who will be your penpal, and may turn out to be your friend, your lover or your wife. most are young, sweet, lovely, innocent, charming, intelligent and sexy filipinas who are looking for an international pen pal. many are hoping to find love and romance, but they are not asian mail order wives. they come from all over the philippines...from bohol, negros oriental, negros occidental , and metro manila and other places in luzon including cavite and angeles city. they are from samar, biliran, leyte, and cebu. many are from mindanao with provinces named misamis oriental, bukidnon, augusan del norte, and davao del sur, as well as other provinces and some overseas countries. there are some philippine girls who could be your teen pen pal, and there are some who are older, yet still romantic, philippine women who are seeking friendship, or a companion, or to be someone's bride. some only seek friendship, while others want marriage, and this is no different than what is true at any other dating site. some have one photo ... one picture, while others have many photos ... many pictures. all were submitted by these ladies, and not one photo on this entire site was taken by anyone associated with jaderune.com.  i am not a matchmaker, nor do i offer a matchmaking service. i offer free filipina pen pal addresses and online dating personals for singles, with free listings, free profiles, and free publication, and if you find someone special from using this site, then i will be very happy for you. i have many, many letters and emails from couples who have met through jaderune.com, and are now married...seems like there's a new couple almost every week, so it isn't a rarity that special connections are made, and unions are formed. so i hope that you will meet an adorable filipina pen pal who might possibly become your beautiful filipina bride. if nothing else, you will meet a lot of new friends here. it's all free.
find the lady's new additions links on the pictures listings page.



just click to email me, and ask for addresses by page and listing number. no catch, all free! .  
 
 jaderune@hotmail.com 

example: send addresses for ladies: 1-9, 55-6 and 7, 76-8, 250-8 and 260-4 (maximum 12 per day and one email per day) 





 
click here for writing (and other) tips
 
ladies!! if you want to list your profile here at jaderune.com, then click on this link: application form. simply fill it out, and either email it to me, or print it out and mail it to me with your photos, and your profile will be listed. there is a  forum that was added, and i invite all of you to join. just click on the word forum above, and you will go to the sign-in page where you must first register as a new member, and once you are registered, you can return to that page to log-in. my wish is that all of you will find someone special with whom you can share your life, your heart and your love. i cater to christian singles and to asian singles (especially filipinas), so if you wish to publish your free listing, i welcome you here. you don't have to be pretty or beautiful to find someone special. and if you are married (knowing that there is no divorce in the philippines) or separated, you are still welcome to submit your application, and you may find a new friend or companion, or possibly be a filipina bride again someday in the future, or you may only be interested in an international penpal. some of you will find mr. right through this service...someone who is caring, loving, understanding, and someone who will touch your heart and tenderly caress you with heartfelt affection. it happens here, and it's 100% free to try. you have nothing to lose, and possibly a world full of love, companionship, and happiness to gain. 
men: these are just pen pals. most hope, of course, a pen pal relationship may turn into something more someday. in the philippines there are many honorable and eligible ladies who want nothing more than a faithful, loving husband and a family of their own. most believe in family and traditional values about marriage. older men are often considered better in their view because it means mature, responsible and settled to them.  why choose filipinas? a few filipinas here  are friends  i know and can recommend, but most are unknown to me, but are ladies in good standing, and haven't notified me of marriage yet. email me at:  jaderune@hotmail.com, and simply ask for the lady's contact information by page number and profile number, and it will be sent to you as soon as possible. not all of the ladies have an email address or phone number, so you may need to correspond by writing a letter. i do have philippine stamps available for sale now, and although they are not cheap, they are the cheapest that i have found on the internet. (if you find a cheaper stamp, then please let me know.) they are a safe way to allow your pen pal to exchange correspondence with you. simply include one or two in each letter you are writing to her, and she then has the means necessary to write back to you. it is much safer than sending her money, which i do not recommend. you will find them in the nipa hut store. in case there is a problem with the nipa hut store, then send me emails with your requests. although postage is not as easy as sending an e-mail, it does demonstrate a deeper desire to know the girl because of the extra effort it takes to write letters. mail to these pacific islands takes anywhere from 2 to 5 weeks, so it is a long process, so don't get discouraged if you do not get an immediate response from your island girl. some will have a yahoo im for chatting, and some of these girls have many men with whom they are engaged in overseas correspondence. i do have a forum here for those of you who like to participate in one to find new friends or to ask about travel or accommodations available, or to read some relationship tips of life with a filipina lady. 


 

 




join the  forum and please support 
the cradle of christ foundation 

freely you are given the addresses, so freely give to others in some way.



a free, christian pen pal site since it began in 1998! no popups, no spam, ever!

site map:


home page   view picture listings   helpful links  the cradle of christ foundation    our nipa hut store   us imbra laws    about us      why filipinas?  




copyrighted © jade and rune publishers. 1998-present. no images or text to be used without permission.  

   











