

from marx to mao





 www.marx2mao.com



 european mirror site
     
main site


     
wikileaks mirror sites

many thanks are due marc de caluwé for setting up
the european site and for improving the search engine.





  algunos textos en español

 







october 17, 2002



*  *  *   w a r n i n g   *  *  *

 
y o u  a r e  b e i n g  m o n i t o r e d









"with the master what is new and significant develops vigorously amid the 'manure' of contradictions out of the contradictory phenomena. the underlying contradictions themselves testify to the richness of the living foundation from which the theory itself developed. it is different with the disciple. his raw material is no longer reality, but the new theoretical form in which the master has sublimated it. it is in part the theoretical disagreement of opponents of the new theory and in part the often paradoxical relationship of this theory to reality which drive him to seek to refute his opponents and explain away reality. in doing so, he entangles himself in contradictions and with his attempts to solve these he demonstrates the beginning disintegration of  the theory which he dogmatically espouses."   (karl marx) 




". . . dogma is less useful than cow dung. one can make whatever one likes out of it, even revisionism . . ."







mao tse-tung,interview with andré malraux,july 1965





"the fight against 'revisionism' cannot be waged by conserving, or rather, by merely reappropriating, marxism as it existed historically in the previous period. far from being the signal for a return to the supposed orthodoxy of the preceding epoch, the appearance of a 'revisionism' is a symptom of the need for marxism to criticize itself."   (g. madjarian)



 










 a recepient of the order of lenin in the
 first annual may day awards presented by
 the academy of socialism on the internet,
 may 1, 1998.








for first-time visitors:

 which browser? it does make difference
 statement of purpose
 on the format of the documents
and a  warning to  web purists
on the
editions of the texts and their
transcription

a general note on downloading

some "not too technical help"
about the search engine and what it will not do
statistical summary of site activity




the collections:

what's new?

marx and engels
lenin 
stalin
mao

other texts and documents

reading guide

what's coming?



help! 
search engine
 
(this offers a shot-gun approach by searching the entire site. it may prove useful to those who are relatively unfamiliar with the material. however, as with any search facility, the more you can narrow the focus of your searches, the more rapidly will the search be executed, and the less likely will you be flooded with results which are only marginal to your topic of interest. unless you are disperate, you'll be better off using the search engines specifically configured for, and available in, each of the "collections".)

 

please report all "typos", non-functional links, etc., and direct all comments, suggestions, and criticisms to
djr@marx2mao.com.  do not send "attachments" without warning me ahead of time;  they will never get past my e-mail program if i don't know to expect them.





