





























smooth-on, inc. | mold making & casting materials | rubbers, plastics, foams & more!













































main menu
home ›
applications ›
products ›
how-to ›
support ›
material calculators ›
search







‹ back to main menu











mind blowing materials fora world of applications®


find a distributor near you
buy now – visit our web store videos and how-to
learn about training seminars
faqs, online tools, technical support
material & conversion calculators
technical bulletins and sds's





























gfrc functional beauty


view applications›
view products›



quick links

find a distributor near you
buy now – visit our web store
videos and how-to
learn about training seminars

technical support, faq's and more
material & conversion calculators
technical bulletins and sds's




new and notable › click here to stay current with products and application updates





faq: are tin-cured silicones skin safe? ›





just getting started? everything you need for moldmaking and casting ›





art student fernando alvarenga creates flowing resin sculpture ›





introducing the maker pro paint™ sampler pack - 9 of our bestselling colors in easy-to-use containers ›



new product 

new alja-safe™ acrobat fiber-reinforced “non-sag” life casting alginate ›





milo demonstrates how to make a silicone mold of a clay relief sculpture, then creates a metal cold casting. ›







smooth-on social

powered by curator.io







explore our full product line catalog

be inspired, see how people use these materials to reach new creative heights for making molds, industrial parts, special effects, props, models, sculpture and much more.
		view online, download as pdf, or request your free copy:

› click here
› versión en español




explore our concrete catalog

we have a new eye-catching catalog devoted exclusively to concrete-related applications and processes. it is a compilation of past high-profile concrete mold making projects and also features a never before seen project.
		view online, download as pdf, or request your free copy:

› english version
› versión en español




informational links

are you an educator or student?
smooth-on works with teachers and students at colleges and universities to educate people on how liquid rubbers, plastics, foams and other materials can be used for an infinite number of applications.
› read more


need a mold or casting made?
for those of you interested in having molds or castings made for you, we are pleased to suggest a list of professional mold makers and casters who can do it for you.
› read more


looking for custom formulations?
our chemists have many years of combined experience and are respected industry wide for their individual expertise and development capability. there are minimum volume requirements for manufacturing a custom formulation and we will be happy to discuss this and other variables to determine what is possible.
› read more






about smooth-on, inc.
you may never have heard of us, but you've seen our products at work. if you've ever been to the movies, admired a piece of sculpture, marveled at detailed architectural ornamentation or used a telephone; then you've encountered the handiwork of people who use smooth-on rubbers, plastics, foams and other products to turn their ideas into 3-dimensional reality.learn more about us ›

facebook
twiter
instagram
youtube
pinterest
tiktok
linkedin



contact information
5600 lower macungie roadmacungie, pa 18062
seminar entrance
1725 willow laneeast texas, pa 18046
main phone and order desk(610) 252-5800
or toll-free:(800) 762-0744
fax(610) 252-6200
contact our material support team




find a distributor
buy online – smooth-on store terms & conditions of sale / returns policy
product quality and performance
materials shelf life warranty
technical assistance policy
privacy policy
cookie policy
esg - environmental, social, & governance
holiday hours
contact us
employment
promotional media
useful reference guides




facebook
twiter
instagram
youtube
pinterest
tiktok
linkedin


©2025 smooth-on, inc. all rights reserved. use of this website is subject to our terms of use.













important announcement
smooth-on, inc. will be closed monday, february 17th in observance of president's day. resuming normal operations on tuesday, february 18th.

