
















random musings

































































































































































sunday, february 08, 2015










so i started another blog. if you are interested in prayer, you might want to check it out.





thus wrote



rebecca




at

2/08/2015 06:53:00 pm



no comments:
  
























monday, february 02, 2015







cobweb blog





that's what this is — a blog that fell out of use so long ago that it is now gathering cobwebs. but i was recently reading some of my past posts,, and noticed that i had posted an incorrect link to my newer blog. it's called "prone to wander". the past year or two has been a season of new beginnings for me, and a fresh blog seemed to go together with the fresh starts.


i thought i'd post this in case any of my long ago readers happen to check in here.





thus wrote



rebecca




at

2/02/2015 07:16:00 am



no comments:
  
























friday, march 14, 2014







time to blog again





a fresh start...a new blog

[edited this to correct the broken link]





thus wrote



rebecca




at

3/14/2014 12:39:00 pm



no comments:
  
























thursday, may 30, 2013







of beaches and bikinis





i tried to post the following as a comment to an article on someone's blog, but i kept getting an error message. since i didn't want to waste my rant, i'm posting it here.

you know it's summer when article after article appears about "the bikini question". not to insult the author, but this article is really no different than the hundreds, if not thousands, of others already out there. 

let me get to the point. if the author truly wanted to "sacrifice" for men easily drawn to lust [by wearing a cute tankini instead of a bikini] she should stay home and pray that they would have the sense to do the same. because that's the solution i've never seen addressed in an article. i'll be so bold as to say it here:

dudes! if you are so easily tempted by the sight of a woman in a bikini, don't go to places where you might see one! don't go to the beach, or to swimming pools. don't watch tv. stay off the internet. it's that simple.

chocolate cake analogy [several commenters used the analogy of someone following you around, offering you tempting chocolate cake]: since i don't want to eat chocolate cake, when my willpower was weak, i avoided places a chocolate cake was likely to be. why torment myself? now i've been without it for so long, and have such compelling reasons to avoid it, that it doesn't bother me if everyone around me is eating some. it would bother me if someone followed me around offering me a slice all the time, because i'm creeped out and annoyed by coercive people who disregard my "no thank you". (so, ladies, even if you are wearing a burka at the beach, don't follow guys around offering yourself to them when they don't want what you're offering. respect their boundaries. take a hint: the lack of an enthusiastic "yes!" should be taken as a "no".) at the same time that i am no longer overly tempted by chocolate cake, i see no reason to hang around bakeries, checking out what chocolate cake might be there. what's the point?

i can hear the menfolk whining about the unfairness of staying home so the women can wear what they want. i can hear the mothers complaining, "are you saying i can't take my boys swimming or to the beach?" let me put it this way. i have five sons, ages 16 - 27. there is no way that i would ever knowingly expose them to a temptation they are not spiritually mature enough to handle. i don't expect the world to arrange itself to be less tempting to my sons or to me. to use an old cliche, if we can't take the heat, we stay out of the kitchen.

if the sight of anything — chocolate cake, an athletic man in a speedo, your neighbor's new sports car, the latest cool techno-gadget from apple, a scantily clad woman — whatever it might be, if you are easily provoked to sins of covetousness and lust, do whatever it takes to avoid the temptation! jesus had some pretty extreme things to say about avoiding sin. he went so far as to talk about gouging out your eyes. what he didn't say is to tell your girlfriend how to dress or to blame other people for "stumbling" you. it's not what goes into you that defiles you, whether it's food or the sight of a body you find sexually attractive. it's what is already inside you, and inside me. we are responsible for our own lust and covetousness.

yes, this article was written to the women. as are so many countless others repeating the same tired old theme. i guess i had hoped, because someone i know linked to this one, that it was something a bit better than same old, same old. sigh...

my lucky 3 readers get more of my ranting:

you know what else? as an "older woman", i'm just about ready to start teaching me some of these young bloggerettes! which is my funny way of saying that someone needs to take some of these young women to task for their pride. i mean, i'm all for healthy body image and all that, but that hardly means you have to jump on the internet and brag about how men everywhere would be driven to lust at the mere sight of you if you weren't so loving, godly, and sacrificial as to clothe yourself modestly. i knew a woman who used to ask, whenever another woman online bragged about how her modesty kept men from stumbling, "really? you're that hot? that tempting? men can't help wanting you — they are driven to sin — by a glimpse of too much of you? wow." then we'd hear some hasty "i'm really not prideful or vain" comments about how god created all women to be beautiful, alluring, blah blah blah. yeah, right. if we are all physically "beautiful", that renders the word meaningless.  ("darling, you look beautiful!" "well, duh, all women do!" "no, i mean it." "i'd hope you think i look like a woman, since i am one." "of course you look like a woman, dear — a beautiful woman." "isn't that redundant? and i'm getting kinda tired of you constantly telling me i look like a woman! so what?")

maybe beaches have changed since my beach days, and now they only allow women to wear bikinis if they look sexy in them — but back in the day, guys i hung around with admitted that most of the women and girls in bikinis were not that appealing and often more of a turn-off than a turn-on. it reminds me about my long-ago joke about speedos: men should not wear speedos lest they stumble me. either i'll stumble over my own feet because i'm looking at the guy and thinking, "whoa! that dude looks good in his speedo!" or i'll stumble because i'm gagging, "what possessed that guy to go out in public like that? ugh! dude, cover up! we're all about to lose our lunch!" (it seems like, back in the day, average guys in america didn't wear speedos.)

the other thing i find silly in these articles is that the young "i respect men too much to stumble them with my sexiness!" authors will hasten to tell us, in case we were worried, that their modest attire is still "attractive". because heaven forbid this young lady lose her ability to attract the guys! supposedly now her bathing suit attracts a better sort of guy, who is drawn to her personality and mind. because, you know, men are able to discern that just by how we are dressed. ("oh, her bikini just sucked me into its lust vortex, so she must be slutty. but that other woman is wearing a tankini and i am suddenly attracted to her sweet, fun-loving, wholesome personality and her interest in philosophy, because i can tell all that just by her bathing suit.") even more ridiculous is when the author chirps, "modest is hottest!" at least now we know her real agenda. she wants to be "hotter" than all those other girls! she doesn't want men to lust after her body parts; she wants them to lust after her modesty. otherwise, if she thought she was such a huge temptation, she really would stay home from the beach.






thus wrote



rebecca




at

5/30/2013 11:08:00 am



4 comments:
  













categories:
men and women











wednesday, june 27, 2012







protecting our daughters, part 1





recently i read an article wherein a father told a disturbing story about allowing his daughter to be subjected to continual harassment by a drunk man on a plane. ironically, even though the father let this man persist in his unacceptable behavior, he actually believes he was protecting his daughter!

the father is scott brown. his daughter is kelly bradrick. (she was not yet married at the time this took place.)  the article appears on the vision forum website. 


"in 2003, i took my daughter with me on a mission trip to romania. on the plane, there was a drunken man flirting with her in a very aggressive way. unfortunately for him, there were 535 pounds of manhood in our party ready to protect her. believe me, we were exercising much christian patience with this man who persisted throughout the entire flight. he did not realize that he was facing deadly force, if he persisted. he actually touched her once and was making bold advances. he even continued the pursuit after the plane landed. i am convinced that, if we had not been with her to protect her, she would have been in serious danger." (read it in context.)
really? this creep was "facing deadly force, if he persisted"? but this guy did persist - even after the plane landed -  and absolutely nothing happened!  are we really to believe that men who are too cowardly to intervene and protect a woman from such obnoxious behavior are suddenly going to use deadly force? after sitting there passively and allowing his daughter to be mistreated in this way, does scott brown honestly think he is capable of manning up if things exceeded even his tolerance? and what were these men patiently waiting for? for the man to get physically violent? 

"unfortunately for him, there were 535 pounds of manhood in our party..." don't make me laugh. fortunately for him (from his perspective) these men gave him full permission to persist in his harassment of this young woman. i'm sure he had a wonderful time at kelly's expense. i can only imagine what sort of awful ordeal the flight was for her.

from this account, i cannot help but conclude the following:

 1. mr. brown sees no need to protect his daughter from "very aggressive" drunken flirting.

 2. he saw nothing wrong with allowing this behavior to continue for the entire flight.

 3. he saw no reason to intervene even when this man touched his daughter.

 4. his daughter's feelings in this matter were of no concern to him. can you imagine having to endure this while your father watched passively?

 5. it was more important to exercise christian patience with a man than protect a daughter.

 6. he never taught his daughter how to behave in such situations. but, wait - maybe he did: "exercise christian patience and do nothing. let the man's horrible behavior continue without challenge or protest. here, observe my example."

 7. kelly would have been no less protected if she were traveling alone. she may actually have been safer. perhaps, in the absence of the passive "manhood" accompanying her, someone else might have intervened - offering to trade seats with her, calling the flight attendant, and/or insisting, "back off, buddy, and leave the young lady alone!" i know we can't count on being rescued by bystanders; at the same time, in my younger years, i benefitted from men who wouldn't tolerate a woman being treated disrespectfully. in kelly's case, onlookers must have thought, "well, if her father is perfectly ok with how she's being treated, why should i jump in?"

the huge irony is that mr. brown follows his story with these words: 


"where do we get the idea of protection from the bible? we could make a long list, but here is a short one. godly behavior is defined by shepherds who protect their flocks. the strong should support the weak. women are the weaker vessels. and daughters should be protected by their fathers who are commanded to give 24/7 watch care over their children (deuteronomy 6:1-9). this is enough for me to be convinced that women should be protected by men."
let me respond: please spare young women from your notions of "protection". i can't imagine any man i know allowing me to be treated as your daughter was. and if they did -  out of fear perhaps -  they would be ashamed. and, if they wrote of it, they would describe it truthfully  - not pretending it was an example of the very thing they had so grievously failed to do.



here are my alternate versions...how i wish things had played out...



version 1:

in 2003, i took my daughter with me on a mission trip to romania. on the plane, there was a drunken man flirting with her in a very aggressive way. unfortunately for him, there were 535 pounds of manhood in our party ready to protect her. believe me, we were exercising much christian patience with this man -  apparently too much, because an elderly woman seated nearby took matters into her own hands.

"young man!" she addressed the drunk, even though he was much older than my daughter. "i will not sit back and allow you to treat a young lady in that way. you need to stop immediately or i will ring for the stewardess! young ladies have the right to travel alone without being molested by strangers!"

i was shamed out of my passivity. frankly, i'd been afraid to say anything. i didn't want to cause any trouble and i'd been hoping that, if my daughter continued trying to ignore this man's bold advances, he would give up and leave her alone.

"um..." i said, feeling my face redden, "i'm her father."

"and you see nothing wrong with this man's behavior?" the elderly woman was incredulous. "in my day, fathers protected their daughters!" she then insisted on trading seats with my daughter. the rest of the flight was peaceful...giving me plenty of time to repent and to promise to treat my daughter with far more respect in the future.

where do we get the idea of protection from the bible? we could make a long list, but here is a short one. godly behavior is defined by shepherds who protect their flocks. the strong should support the weak. women are the weaker vessels. and daughters should be protected by their fathers who are commanded to give 24/7 watch care over their children (deuteronomy 6:1-9). this is enough for me to be convinced that women should be protected by men.

my failure to protect my daughter on the airplane was without excuse. thank god for an old-fashioned, elderly woman who taught me by her example.



version 2:

in 2003, i took my daughter with me on a mission trip to romania. on the plane, there was a drunken man flirting with her in a very aggressive way. unfortunately for him, there were 535 pounds of manhood in our party ready to protect her. even more unfortunately for him, he had no idea who he was dealing with. kelly turned to face him and said, calmly but firmly, "i will say this once. leave me alone. do not speak to me. i am not interested in anything you have to say. stop harassing me."

he responded with something i will not repeat. mistake number one. then he made an even more foolish mistake: he touched my daughter.

we knew what was coming next. only he had no idea.

she caught his hand. her hands were moving in a subtle but effective way - we could tell by his gasp of surprise and his grimace - and she kept applying pressure while saying, at twice the volume as before, "don't...you...dare...ever...touch...me...again!"

then she summoned the flight attendant and explained the situation. the man was immediately moved - and this time he was seated by another man.

"you know we were ready to jump in," i assured my daughter.

she grinned. "yeah, but i had it under control."

"that you did," i agreed.

sometimes the best way a father can protect his daughter is by making sure she gets excellent self-defense training. her lessons paid off. so did the hours i let her practice on me. remembering, i rubbed my wrists, knowing exactly what the drunken man had felt, but i didn't feel sorry for him at all.



version 3:

in 2003, i took my daughter with me on a mission trip to romania. on the plane, there was a drunken man flirting with her in a very aggressive way. unfortunately for him, there were 535 pounds of manhood in our party ready to protect her. we love her too much to allow any man to treat her like that. in addition, we would have intervened even if she had been a complete stranger. but, since she is my daughter, i had zero patience with this man.

"sir," i said. once i got his attention, i went on, "that's my daughter. see these other guys here? we are going to make sure you leave her alone."

he sputtered something unrepeatable and i motioned to kelly to change places with me. once i was seated next to him, i turned to the drunk and said, "listen carefully. you have a choice. either you sit next to me the entire flight or i call the flight attendant and have her find you another seat. after the way you dared speak to my daughter, i think you would be much more comfortable sitting next to anyone but me."

he opted to change seats. i let the flight attendant know why.

kelly thanked me. honestly, until she told me how this guy had made her feel, and how much my protection meant to her, i'd been on auto-pilot and my actions seemed like no big deal. really, all i'd done was trade seats with my daughter and ask some creep to leave her alone. hardly worth mentioning...but that's not how kelly saw it.

i learned something that day. it's the simple acts of fatherly protection, the things we do automatically without even thinking, that speak volumes to our daughters. when we are faithful in the little things, they have the confidence to trust us in the big things.



obviously i prefer happy endings...especially when evil has been thwarted rather than tolerated.








thus wrote



rebecca




at

6/27/2012 08:02:00 pm



no comments:
  













categories:
faith,
marriage,
men and women,
safety











sunday, may 27, 2012








theirs been a few things on my mind lately...





- posted using blogpress





thus wrote



rebecca




at

5/27/2012 07:48:00 am



2 comments:
  
























saturday, january 14, 2012








world's cutest baby





here she is, my adorable first grandchild, right after she was born in november:a few weeks later, we briefly placed her in the travel bed/playpen we used with her mother and uncles. in protest, this amazingly brilliant child uttered her first words:- posted using blogpress from my iphone





thus wrote



rebecca




at

1/14/2012 11:34:00 am



1 comment:
  


























older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















quoting myself

one thing i know...in the end, the very end, jesus wins.he's the victor.and his grip on me is way, way stronger and more sure than my grip on him...................................................................all the rules and standards and convictions and non-optional principles in the world won't help you when the rubber hits the road. they have nothing to offer when it comes to grief, death, tragedy, or suffering. jesus never fails. when i can no longer hold on to jesus, he holds on to me.



who am i?





rebecca


semi-rural small town, united states
mother of more children than is
generally considered socially acceptable...wife of a man that
i appreciate more with each 
passing day...part-time karate
teacher...sporadic blogger

view my complete profile



blog archive




blog archive
february 2015 (2)
march 2014 (1)
may 2013 (1)
june 2012 (1)
may 2012 (1)
january 2012 (2)
july 2011 (5)
june 2011 (2)
october 2010 (1)
august 2010 (1)
june 2010 (2)
may 2010 (3)
april 2010 (2)
march 2010 (2)
december 2009 (5)
october 2009 (1)
may 2009 (2)
april 2009 (2)
march 2009 (3)
january 2009 (4)
december 2008 (2)
november 2008 (11)
october 2008 (7)
september 2008 (12)
august 2008 (26)
july 2008 (6)
june 2008 (7)
may 2008 (7)
april 2008 (3)
march 2008 (10)
february 2008 (10)
january 2008 (16)
december 2007 (9)
october 2007 (1)
september 2007 (2)
august 2007 (1)
july 2007 (3)
june 2007 (24)
may 2007 (10)
april 2007 (2)
march 2007 (4)
february 2007 (1)
january 2007 (4)
december 2006 (12)
october 2006 (1)
september 2006 (4)
august 2006 (1)
july 2006 (1)
june 2006 (4)
may 2006 (7)
april 2006 (20)
march 2006 (1)
february 2006 (13)
january 2006 (23)
december 2005 (21)
november 2005 (4)
october 2005 (4)
september 2005 (14)
august 2005 (18)
july 2005 (15)
june 2005 (32)
may 2005 (23)
april 2005 (40)
march 2005 (10)
november 2004 (1)
july 2004 (2)
june 2004 (1)
may 2004 (3)






most popular posts



vision forum
if you homeschool , you've probably seen these beautiful, impressive catalogs. one christmas, we ordered a number of gifts for our boys ...


more about doug phillips and vision forum
a few links of interest: doug phillips' raising the allosaur ultimate truth 1 ultimate truth doug phillips refuses to protect women and ...


what to do with incestuous pedophiles...
...according to michael pearl : but if your husband has sexually molested the children, you should approach him with it. if he is truly repe...


tragedy related to the pearls' childrearing advice
some years back, our family attended a church service that was a bit unusual to say the least. it turns out that we had inadvertently discov...


nostalgia
all these ezzo memories have prompted me to post something i wrote online when child #6, now eight years old, was just a baby: child trainin...





the story of my "fall to grace"


part 1: background
part 2: standards & convictions
part 3: the law
part 4: more about the law
part 5: law vs. grace
part 6: the whole story, condensed version
part 7: before jumping
part 8: i jumped
part 9: falling
part 10: joy!!




the aftermath of my "fall to grace"


read this first!
part 1: celebrating sunday
part 2: emotions
part 3: where do i fit in?
part 4: i love god's law!
part 5: freedom
part 6: the bottom line
part 7: my "position paper"
part 8: walking in the spirit
part 9: since then
part 10: now what?




posts by categories



america
(6)


cool stuff
(21)


fall to grace
(24)


jesus
(36)


politics and such
(27)


random
(3)


blog
(40)


church
(52)


coffee
(30)


controversy
(50)


faith
(21)


family
(57)


fitness
(15)


gluttony
(15)


holiday revelry
(34)


marriage
(41)


martial arts
(14)


men and women
(58)


misogyny
(16)


mothering
(41)


music
(11)


obesity
(13)


racism
(14)


safety
(5)


theology
(51)


trivial stuff
(25)


weight loss
(20)


wow
(4)





blogs i've been reading









lifehacker




my favorite amazon deal of the day: the samsung galaxy book 4 pro



                      -
                    

both the 14- and 16-inch models are up to 48% off.


17 hours ago











big mama




fashion friday: edition hey i have book coming out next week



                      -
                    

hello. it is exactly one week from today that my new book here be dragons: 
treading the deep waters of motherhood, mean girls and generational trauma 
will ...


1 day ago











boomama




the big boo cast, episode 429



                      -
                    

this week melanie and i dig into the dynamic between her and caroline as 
far as wardrobe planning is concerned (it’s a complex situation), and we 
talk thro...


3 days ago











deep artsy tortured christian angst




for all creation



                      -
                    

“the theme of the [first five books of the bible] is the partial fulfilment 
…of the promise to …the patriarchs. the promise or blessing is …an 
affirmation ...


2 months ago











zen habits




a month of reflection



                      -
                    



by leo babauta we’re entering the last month of the year, and for many of 
us, it’s a darker and quieter season. it’s the perfect time for reflection. 
i l...


2 months ago











the simple marriage project




differences in sexual desire



                      -
                    



are you the high desire or the low desire spouse when it comes to sex? have 
desire differences created problems in your marriage? sooner or later, most 
c...


3 years ago











stickin' to it!




pdf download lecture tutorials for introductory astronomy third edition 
loose leaf pdf



                      -
                    

*free download lecture tutorials for introductory astronomy third edition 
[pdf] download pdf* 





read online lecture tutorials for introductory astronomy...


3 years ago











tulipgirl




slowly. . .



                      -
                    

i’m slowly re-re-rebuilding tulipgirl.com. i miss the days of blogging 
being the main way i gathered me thoughts and shared them with friends. i’m 
frustrat...


3 years ago











the secret life of kat




williams maternity session



                      -
                    



i can’t wait to meet baby williams! angela and craig booked their photos in 
indy before i left. we fit their maternity session in before i moved, and 
soo...


3 years ago











conversion diary




amy coney barrett and the weird catholics | this is jen #39



                      -
                    



click here to subscribe to the channel: watch episode: jen steps into her 
rightful role as queen of the weird catholics to comment on amy coney 
barrett, ...


4 years ago











annie blogs




by: doesn’t matter who you are, this world will leave some battle scars | 
sp? ocd? asd? just one me!



                      -
                    

[…] up a lot of the book and a lot of my life. i’m going to link annie’s 
blog right here… http://www.anniefdowns.com/blog/ …because i don’t actually 
read i...


6 years ago











single serve coffee




mega review: nespresso variations 2017 for originalline & vertuoline



                      -
                    

well, it's that time of the year again, where we survived the latest round 
of #pumpkinspiceeverything and just about every store in visible sight 
started p...


7 years ago











catalog living




make way for pine cones...



                      -
                    



as the fall holidays officially transition to winter ones, gary and 
elaine’s gourds are ceremoniously shown the door to wait for their lyft.


7 years ago











chewymom




interesting chewy stuff for parents & kids (roundup i)



                      -
                    



i’ve been meaning to start doing these “round up” posts a while back now. 
dare i say, blogs ago!? well, it finally came to fruition and i hope you 
guys e...


7 years ago











and sometimes tea




new year, new blog!



                      -
                    

those of you who have continued to read this blog know that i've been 
planning to start a new blog. i've finally begun it! go here to check out 
the new ver...


8 years ago











beyond church walls




the highest calling



                      -
                    

a year ago a sad older man was home alone sitting in his back yard weeping. 
he had never before suffered with real depression, but now it seemed as 
though ...


8 years ago











quiet garden




orange on mom’s flow blue plate



                      -
                    



[image: orange-on-plate-sept-2015]


9 years ago











spunkyhomeschool




gov. snyder's vision for p20 education



                      -
                    

below is a video from the 2013 mackinac policy conference where governor 
snyder explains his vision of p20 education from "prenatal to life long 
learning."...


10 years ago











the karate mom




what. a. day.



                      -
                    

oy vey, today was a doozie. i very rarely arrive at the end of any day 
thinking, "i want wine, and lots of it!" but i did tonight. (no wine in the 
house th...


10 years ago











mommy life




18 months- day 547 minus barbara...



                      -
                    

when barbara died i found a book on southern etiquette because i wanted to 
find out what a gentleman like rhett butler would have done in my place. i 
found...


10 years ago











hand in hand




she'll be 19 months tomorrow...



                      -
                    

wow! time goes by fast. and i'm enjoying every minute of it. well... maybe 
not every minute. there have been the frustrations of not understanding my 
baby,...


11 years ago











jesus freak




having faith in god changes our actions



                      -
                    

as i've grown older i've realized how i need to keep trusting god more each 
day. it's not enough to just trust in him for eternal salvation. it's 
important...


11 years ago











keeping up




getaway and zip (with pictures)



                      -
                    

ziplining is fun.

climbing up ladders and waiting for your turn to go is less fun, but a 
couple of personable guides and great views of the shenandoah rive...


12 years ago











ornaments of grace




best tips for buying bucket trucks



                      -
                    

bucket trucks are the workhorses for many businesses across several 
industries. without utility trucks, the telephone lines and electric lines 
you see all ...


13 years ago











mother of the bride spot




c'mon over to grammie's awards...and more



                      -
                    

decided since i was no longer the mob (nor even the mog), i would start a 
new blog and see if i could keep it going. so come visit me at 
www.grammiesawards...


13 years ago











flash point




an indefensible faith: another review of 'love wins'



                      -
                    

there is no shortage of reviews on rob bell’s recent book love wins, so i 
am almost apologetic for writing another. but it is because of my work 
in apologe...


13 years ago











allthings2all




i'm doing ok



                      -
                    

just to let you know i'm doing ok. i am not in christchurch and no-one i 
know there was hurt. we hear updates on christchurch every day on the news 
and eve...


13 years ago











wind scraps




twig and feather



                      -
                    

i'll still post to wind scraps whenever the right post idea presents itself 
to me, but these days i'm hanging out regularly at my new site, twig and 
feathe...


14 years ago











walking in the darkness




must be nice.



                      -
                    

i just joined a new mom's group.
i was excited to start something new and something "for me."
i was even asked to speak on homemaking.
sounded good.

i sugge...


14 years ago











true womanhood in the new millennium




from midwest christian outreach



                      -
                    

barbara walters, of 20/20, did a story on gender roles in kabul , 
afghanistan , several years before the afghan conflict. she noted that 
women customarily ...


14 years ago











letters from kamp krusty




"my favorite things" 2009



                      -
                    

"my favorite things" is a christmas song that a) isn't about christmas, and 
b) makes no sense. "white-collared ponies that melt in the spring..." -- 
whatev...


15 years ago











thatmom




thatmom has a new blog address and website



                      -
                    

this blog has now moved to the new web address….be sure to bookmark it and 
refresh it if you visited the old site. www.thatmom.com


15 years ago











jesus shaped spirituality




mark study #14: lord of the sabbath



                      -
                    

step into the study, pour yourself a cup of coffee, get comfortable and 
let’s enjoy the gospel of mark. our scripture this week is mark 2:23-28 
“one sabbat...


15 years ago











debrabaker's weblog




i’ve been busy (duh)



                      -
                    

i’ve been uberbusy at school and haven’t had time to post. say a prayer as 
i have three hard tests tomorrow.


15 years ago











complegalitarian




blog reopened



                      -
                    

the complementarian blog has reopened for business at a new location and 
with some new rules. please join us at the new complementarian blog. please 
be sur...


16 years ago











"indelible grace"




ot law - abolished, or not?



                      -
                    

suzanne wrote:

*now i am beginning to understand why we are seeing this from two very 
different perspectives. while christ did indeed fulfill the law, at t...


17 years ago











a day in the life




perseverance



                      -
                    

one of the difficult things about encouraging child-lead learning and 
delight-directed studies is knowing when we need to step in and teach good, 
old-fashi...


19 years ago











the pineapple pundit






                      -
                    
















complegalitarian






                      -
                    
















http://www.mongoosemom.com






                      -
                    
















holy experience






                      -
                    
















keer "unplugged"






                      -
                    
















calculated ramblings






                      -
                    
















white washed feminists






                      -
                    
















adventures in mercy






                      -
                    
















black belt mama






                      -
                    














show 10




show all








subscribe to random musings







posts










                  atom
                










posts












all comments










                  atom
                










all comments













twitter updates

follow me on twitter






copyright notice

this entire blog is copyrighted. really. i mean it. you can link to it; you can even quote from it. [note: taking all or most of a post and putting it on your blog is not "quoting".] but you didn't write it, so don't lift stuff from it without permission. otherwise i will get highly annoyed. besides, it's illegal and dishonest and not nice.note to professing christians: you are not above the copyright laws. if you are one of those people who think you are, please repent. i'm serious. god owns the cattle on a thousand hills, but you do not own my words. please, in the name of all that is decent and holy, stop stealing.











total pageviews













followers



















































picture window theme. theme images by lingbeek. powered by blogger.
























