








yellow wood associates





























innovators in rural community economic development






search





















menu




		expertise 
		



areas of expertise


natural resource based economic development


wealth creation


community economic development


program management


sustainable infrastructure


strategic planning outcome measurement evaluation


training,  coaching & custom facilitation




work



		clients 
		



our clients


scale of work


types of clients


where we work




resource library


blog



		about us 
		



the story behind the name


the way we work


our team


memberships


community involvement


specialists in rural community & economic development





		contact us 
		



employment opportunities


mailing list sign-up


contact information




















adirondack park invasive species economic assessment
this report explores the economic impacts of invasive species on specific sectors of the adirondack park’s economy.
learn more






you get what you measure®
uses systems analysis to understand the relationship between indicators as well as the assumptions behind those relationships. 
learn more






forestry and wood products sector survey: summary of findings
the forestry and wood products sector survey is one piece of a year-long project engaging stakeholders across the forestry and wood products industry in vermont.
learn more






training, coaching, and custom facilitation
receive customized training, coaching and guidance on using new approaches to economic development to achieve sustainable livelihoods.
learn more






wealthworks
make investments across multiple forms of community capital which, when taken together, comprise true wealth.
learn more











welcome to yellow wood associates




community economic development



natural resource based economic development



program management




strategic planning, outcome measurement, evaluation



sustainable infrastructure



training, coaching, & custom facilitation



wealth creation










work: featured projects

yellow wood enables clients to act with confidence. our project work is custom designed and carefully executed.


building an agriculture strategy

opportunity
the town of  mansfield, ct received a sustainable communities grant from the federal government to provide vision, strategies and tools for the town to be the 21st century community it wants to be.  facing…

view project



assessing impacts of liquefied natural gas terminals

opportunity
three liquefied natural gas (lng) import terminals were proposed for passamaquoddy bay, a rural region that includes many towns and villages in maine, the province of new brunswick, and the passamaquoddy tribe. community members came together…

view project




view projects library






resource library:
access reports, presentations, articles, and other resources created by yellow wood and our colleagues.

view library





strategic planning, measurement and evaluation using “you get what you measure®”
learn more




biomass heating analysis for lakewoods resort
learn more




your role in healthy food systems
learn more




biomass heating analysis for washington village school
learn more




wealth and prosperity in central appalachia
learn more




plastics from plants: a case study of natureworks llc, blair, nebraska
learn more



view resource library





1694 barry road - fairfield, vt 05455|ph: 802-524-6604 
© copyright 2025 yellow wood associates inc. | all rights reserved | cookie consent
web design + development | eternity web










