








neustaedter’s fine jewelers in st. louis - neustaedter's fine jewelry st. louis



































































314-966-4442

2961 dougherty ferry rd  st. louis, mo 63122

 




facebook




twitter


google 



facebook




twitter


google
  
 
 










wedding bands
engagement rings
jewelry

rings
diamonds
lab grown diamonds
jewelry design
earrings
pendants
gemstones
bracelets
watches


in-house services

all jewelry repair
master hand engraving
appraisals
watch repair
in-house sizing
pearl and bead restringing


education

jewelry news
lab grown diamonds
all about diamonds
frequently asked questions


home

history
team
jewelry news
contact us


 





select page


  
 



 



 











a st. louis jewelry tradition since 1961
 
 
 
 






 

 





 




 

 
 




 

 
 




 

 
 




 

 
 




 

 
 




 

 
 




 

 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 



a st. louis jewelry tradition since 1961
 
 
 
 




 
 

master hand engraving by richard neustaedter
richard neustaedter is one of the few remaining master hand engravers in the country. his work and his style are widely celebrated. each design begins with a drawing. from there he creates a one-of-a-kind jewelry piece. as this skill becomes more and more rare, his creations become more and more valuable. each item he engraves is unique, personal and becomes instantly collectible. check out this video about this st. louis jewelry master craftsman and his art.
 
read more

 
 



 
 
 





your neighborhood jewelry store since 1961
we take pride in being local and family owned in st. louis. we have served the greater st. louis area with honest jewelry solutions for over 50 years. come on in and experience the neustaedter’s difference today! 

 
 
 



 
 

 
 



 
 
 
 



buy lab grown diamonds in st. louis
 
 
 




 



shop diamonds

 
 
 



a st. louis jewelry tradition since 1961
 
 
 
 



history
when you visit neustaedter’s fine jewelers, you can expect a welcome to a local business, deeply rooted in st. louis jewelry traditions. starting out as a professional jeweler for jaccard’s fine jewelers at the age of 17, richard neustaedter founded his family business in 1961. now, three generations later, the neustaedter’s name is synonymous nationwide with the very best quality, craftsmanship and integrity in the jewelry industry.
 
personal service
at neustaedter’s fine jewelers, we promise the kind of professional and personal customer service that is so often absent in many businesses today. we pride ourselves in the quality of our jewelry, diamonds, and our nationally known master hand engraving. at neustaedter’s fine jewelers, we know there is a story behind every piece of jewelry we sell. let us help you tell yours.
 
 


 
 


 

our guarantee
we proudly guarantee everything we create, repair or sell, for a period of six months against manufacturer defect. this guarantee begins at the date of repair or purchase, unless otherwise noted. we do not warrantee against normal wear and tear. we will gladly clean your jewelry and check the settings free of charge and recommend this service be completed a minimum of every six months.
 
in-house jewelers
neustaedter’s fine jewelry performs onsite jewelry design, repair and restoration for our customers, and also for many other st. louis jewelry stores. we treat every piece of jewelry with the utmost care, as if it were our own. in addition to our nationally known master hand engraving, we also offer in-house jewelry design. bring in a photo or chat with andy about your idea for a one-of-a-kind gift.
 
 
 
 




neustaedter’s fine jewelers locally owned & operated since 1961
 
 
 




 

the history of a business is about more than just the number of years the doors have remained open. in his youth, the strong, disciplined hands of richard neustaedter drew the attention of the boston red sox. later, his talent and passion took his from amateur to pro bowler. today, the same skill and precision that drew the attention of major league baseball, is the same skill and precision that goes into every piece of jewelry handled by 80  year-old richard neustaedter. his drive to be the very best at everything he touches has made him one of the last master hand engravers in the country, and neustaedter’s a champion in the jewelry industry.
neustaedter’s offers the highest quality products, unparalleled value, and a service experience that will exceed your expectations. at neustaedter’s we believe you deserve more than just a retail outlet. you deserve to do business with a trusted, certified st. louis jeweler where your shopping experience is one of which memories are made!
our promise is one of honesty, expertise and integrity, filled with guarantees of quality, value, creativity and craftsmanship. at neustaedter’s, our professional jewelers are eager to earn your trust. we’ll help you make educated buying decisions by providing competent, accurate advice. in addition, from our st. louis jewelry showroom, we offer full, on-site shopping, design, service, appraisals, repair and manufacturing facilities.
on-site hand engraving by master hand engraver richard f. neustaedter.
 
 
 
 



brands with whom we proudly partner
 
 
 

 



 



 



 



 
 
 

 



 



 



 



 
 
 
 








“neustaedter’s is my favorite jewelry store for shopping for one-of-a-kind gifts and the personal service i receive is really appreciated!”
dave g. from st. louis, mo
 

 
 




“i wanted a unique and beautiful pendant for my wife. richard took my idea and actually created a masterpiece from my drawing.”
james r. / st. louis, mo
 

 
 




“this was the best christmas i have ever had; my wife had tears in her eyes it was such a personal gift! not only was this a nice christmas, i have a new friend in richard.”
jim and mary b. from columbia, il
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 




  


 
 
 




personal service neustaedter’s fine jewelry
2961 dougherty ferry rd., 
suite 103, st. louis 63122
store: 314-966-4442
toll free: 1-800-560-5646
fax: 314-966-4456 
info@wowdiamonds.com
frequently asked questions

  store hours monday 10:00am-5:30pm
tuesday 10:00am-5:30pm
wednesday 10:00am-5:30pm
thursday 10:00am-5:30pm
friday 10:00am-5:30pm
saturday 10:00am-3:00pm
sunday closed
buy online
purchase by calling us
give a great google review

  our guarantee we proudly guarantee everything we create, repair or sell, for a period of six months against manufacturer defect. this guarantee begins at the date of repair or purchase, unless otherwise noted. we do not warrantee against normal wear and tear. we will gladly clean your jewelry and check the settings free of charge and recommend this service be completed a minimum of every six months.

  connect with us latest st. louis jewelry news


    
 


2020 © neustaedter's fine jewelry in st. louis | 2961 dougherty ferry rd., suite 103, st. louis 63122 |
314-966-4442
web design by knight llc
  

 
 
 



















