








turkish odyssey | a traveler's guide to turkey and turkish











































menu
skip to content
home
who is şerif yenen
şerif yenen’s publications
şerif yenen’s film
contact
 




home






discover istanbul & turkey
with serif yenen & associates
turkey (turkiye in turkish) is a country located at a point where the 3 continents of the old world (asia, africa and europe) are closest to each other and where asia and europe meet.
because of its geographical location, anatolia has always been important throughout history and is the birthplace of many great civilizations.
the surface area of turkey including the lakes is 814,578 km² / 314,503 sq miles. it is much larger than many european countries or even texas (18%) in the us. out of the total land, 97% is in asia and this part is called anatolia or asia minor; 3% is in europe which is called thrace.
although 97% of turkey is located in asia, in many respects it is accepted as a european country and as a result, turkey takes its place in nearly all european contests and associations.
turkey is rectangular in shape with a length of 1,660 km / 1,031 miles and a width of 550 km / 341 miles.

who is serif yenen
şerif yenen (born 17 may 1963) is a turkish travel specialist, travel writer, tourist guide and travel film-maker. he wrote “turkish odyssey” in english, the “first guidebook of turkey ever written by a turk”. he is the producer, director and writer of istanbul unveiled, an award-winning travel documentary with eight international awards.
yenen gives lectures in the us and turkey about travel in turkey, turkish history and culture. the majority of his lectures are in academic communities. his guidebooks are used as textbooks or are on suggested reading lists at various universities, and his articles and columns are published in international magazines and national newspapers.


şerif yenen’s biographical website: www.serifyenen.com
visit serif yenen’s wikipedia page at: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/serif_yenen
şerif yenen as a travel writer








about turkey

history

anatolia until alexander the great
anotolia until the turks
turkish period
the republic period


geography
population
state policies

administration
economy
education
health services
national defense


anatolian culture

language
religion
people
settlements
holidays
anatolian arts
islamic art
folk heroes
mythology




places of interest

marmara

istanbul
highlights of istanbul
bosphorus cruise
dolmabahce sarayi
kariye muzesi


aegean

bergama (pergamum)-akhisar (thyatira)
izmir (smyrna)-(sardis)-(philadelphia)
ephesus
priene-miletus-didyma
bodrum-marmaris-dalyan-fethiye


mediterranean

the turquoise coast
antalya
perge-aspendus-side-alanya
isparta-egridir-beysehir


central anatolia

konya-sultanhan
cappadocia
ankara




useful tips

postal services and telecommunications
money
foods & drinks
smoking, drugs, baths and toilets


maps
picture gallery
plan a trip to turkey
turkish odyssey tours
join şerif yenen’s lectures
buy şerif yenen’s books
 





























