



-=:: the shitty wife blog ::=-

















the shitty wife blog

i have a wife. she used to be beautiful and caring and kind and loving. generous with sex, and pretty as a summer sunrise over a flow filled, dew covered meadow. over the years the way my wife has behaved has tainted that view of her. now all i see is a spoilt little brat that throws a tantrum when she doesn't get her way / is told something she doesn't like. she tells me i'm a narccisitic gaslighter (oh the fucking irony) which makes me question my reality (am i a narccisistic gaslighter? am i a bastard to everyone? am i a pervert to her friends? and if i am all of those things why is she still smiling at me and banging me?)


for the longest time i'd just put up with her shit because she swallows and never said no. she still does but over time the crazy has creeped in and over the last 3 years, due to a hormone imbalance (the 3 fucking one in 15 years). have you ever tried to tell a woman that you can see she is getting slowly crazier due to a hormone imbalance?? i have, 3 fucking times now. it really really hurts. anyway, i digress, it all came to a head early in 2024 she finally showed her true colours. she runs a business you see, something i've been pushing her to do for the whole time with been together with her constantly fighting and arguing about everything in every way.. she did it in the end and with it dragged her older out of mediocrity and into non mimimum wage luxury (you see without my constant inspiration my wife would still be a till tart at one stop). her sister hs massage qualifications so they made a rule that she isn't allowed to massage men when she's there on her own. that was it for me. after that i find this woman and her rubber stamp opinions, lack of integrity and npc way of thining difficult to be around unless our sex life is good. she's just intolerable. i'm 110% certain that she'll never even find this blog even though she's known about this site for 20+ years!


this site is now dedicated to my experiences and rumination about being married for the last 15 years and how that woman i once loved so much has tainted that love and turned herself into nothing more than a sex object.


mon, 16 dec 2024 16:24:39 gmt win win win win - my wife feels she has to winyou have a terrible habit of having to play the win win game. you go into any antsy awkward conversation with the "i'm going to win" attitude and if you start to lose you just throw a wobbler and walk out or start dragging things up from 3 years ago.
it's sad really that you constantly feel the need to fight with the man you married, to be in combat with him at every point of adversity instead of just listening and working on resolving problems.
you can't put your ego and your pride aside and try to understand what your husband is saying to you! you put more effort into going out with you buddies than you do when you go out with your husband then try to use some lame excuse about "it's not like for like" or "you said i look like a clown with make up on". when i confront about it you turn it into an argument becasue you can't just listen and accept and try to understand that it hurts! i guess if i was as weak as you i'd do the same!full story - 0 comments  -----
sun, 08 dec 2024 12:25:15 gmt eat my hat!eat my hat!
eat my hat!full story - 0 comments  -----
fri, 06 dec 2024 22:25:52 gmt female communication skillsyou're bringing up a bunch of shit from months or years ago so now i'm standing there wondering what the fuck you are going on about and now i can barely remeber what i tried to talk to you about in the first place you do this for one reason alone.
to try and defelect the fact that your man has a problem with your behavior away from you!
you love to be combative, you love to be passive agressive and your idea of communication is running out of the room and hiding from your own shitty behaviour then repeating that exact same pattern in a few weeks or months.
i bet you come back waaaay to drunk tonight too. if you don't i'll post "eat my hat" tomorrow!!!full story - 0 comments  -----
sat, 30 nov 2024 22:45:34 gmt long word womenyou call me a narcissist becasue i'm trying to set boundaries with you and you don't fucking like it.
i have grown and healed from the damage my parents did to me when i was young. it's a shame you can't say the same.
you have been a chameleon since the first day we met, i'm not sure why it took me this long to realise it. you change your mask to suit who you are with at any given time.

would your customers be ok with that screaming, ranting fucking banshee harpy that i see when i say something you don't like??
you pretended to be logical and calm but in reality you are far from it!
you told me "my partying days are over" but they aren't... you lied and lied and lied and you can't even admit that to yourself or maybe you do which is why you are do opposed to the truth!full story - 0 comments  -----
tue, 19 nov 2024 14:33:21 gmt simple mental health wrongsdenial ? consistent denial is psychologically harmful.blame - blaming provides a way of devaluing others (bring you down to their level ? not the same as explaining).blame ? you give power to the one you blame ? you are allowing them to define and dictate your happiness and wellbeing.projection - feelings directed towards the self are displaced towards other people (because i?m feeling this way you must be doing it to me).masking ? authoritative parents (changes ?faces? depending on who they are with, ?telephone voice? is an everyday example).conflict avoidance - works short-term, long term it reinforces our belief that we should be afraid and maintains our anxiety and fear.hypocrisy - what you say and what you do don't match up (high emotional content - i want this to happen then complains when it happens). ....full story - 0 comments  -----
fri, 15 nov 2024 17:56:12 gmt the modern womanyou are the epitome of a modern woman. you have no emotional control, no self control, you eat too much and don't move around enough, you are disrespectful in many ways on many levels. you consume and consume and consume, spending hours at a time finger fucking your phone or staring at the telly or youtube, you don't even write your own texts any more instead choosing to use ai. you take and take and take and give very litte in return. your choice in clothing makes you look worse, you have no style, no grace and not much going for you aside from your pussy. you lack femininity of any kind, no compassion, no caring, no nurturing, no supportiveness. you fail to take responsibility for your actions choosing instead to blame everyone else for situations you created or made worse. you can't be lead in anyway either by kindness, threat or suggestion - you have to argue and fight over every triviality. you express the same emotional traits as teenagers with hissy fits, temper tantrums and veiled scarcastic digs. you have a negative outlook on life and concrete solid, rigid way of thinking. always why you can't do this or that never how do i acheive that. you turn every choice we make as a couple into a pathetic power struggle for the sake of it. you consistantly play the ever worsening victim with no real evidence of actually being victimised. the chasmic cognitive dissonace you display on the average day is beyond comprehension. you are incapable of examining the world and yourself in an honest and impartial way. you cast traditional male "wants" as misogynistic and in the 20 years i've know you have not improved a single one of the flaws in your character for one simple reason - you can't admit that you have any flaws. you see your father and husband as bullies but only because you are so weak that you are incapable of actually forming an intelectual response to any conflict that arrises instead choosing to express your "feelings" by throwing temper tantrums. you communication level is that of a small child - conversation not going your way? - throw a temper tantram and run off. you just spent 20 minutes arguing about the wrong "amy". you and your ilk consitantly cast men as bad guys but sadly you don't even know you are doing it. you turn every attempt at communicating issue i have into a full blown argument using ad hominem attacks instead of sorting out the issue or telling me you're not interested. in said arguments you give the impression that you hate the ground i walk on yet still that very night you'll want a cuddle. i have some very important information for you in an fruitless attempt to undo some of the programming you've received from the media and other women: men don't like masculine women.men don't want drama.men don't want to fight and argue in a constant unneccasary power strugle over what color to paint the bathroom.men don't care how much money you make.men don't want to live with a woman that constantly plays the victim.men don't like mean, cold hearted women.men don't like immature and mentally unstable women (no matter what the excuse).men don't like bossy women.....full story - 0 comments  -----
tue, 12 nov 2024 12:44:02 gmt high value man / womanwhat does this mean? what does high value actually mean?
for a woman she means a man with a high net worth - ie he is a wealthy person. his health and boundaries, values and plans, communication skills.. they mean nothing!
for men, it's a different story. he means a moralistic woman with values. one who is feminine, one who isn't a slave to their emotions, one who can deal with a conflict with understanding and kindness.
full story - 0 comments  -----
fri, 01 nov 2024 11:48:11 gmt when you realise your wife.......that has been acusing you of being a narcissistic gaslighter (because thats what everone that doesn't agree with a woman is these days) for the last 3 years is actually herself... a narcissistic gaslighter!
are you telling me thaty all there is really left to talk about with my spouse if i don't want to fight with them is the weather and the change of season or that a local road might be closed this weekend??
that is the biggest sign your spouse is a narcissist. when you stop to think about it it's always been like this. right from the start. you could never talk to them about anything deeper than a puddle without it being your fault or turning into a power struggle or a fight while they say it's you that started the fight! they feed off of the emotional content so don't engage - let them have their paddy and walk out!full story - 0 comments  -----
wed, 30 oct 2024 09:04:59 gmt mental healthi hear alot of people complaining about depression and mental health these days but when questioned they don't seem to  under stand simple cause and effect. here's a good example. your life is now, this very moment, today! you are inheriting this life from you yesterday and you are the custodian of this life for you tomorrow! if you, as the custodian of this life now, act like an arshole. the guy tomorrow will have a hard time! it's that simple - understand that and all of your problems will go away. tthat and one other thing: ....full story - 0 comments  -----
tue, 15 oct 2024 13:59:20 gmt we're making _insert thing that is about to get a whole lot harder here_ easier for you!we're making it easier for you to login / get to your online stuff / check what's chewing your battery on your device / access your bank online or via your phone!


when was the last time you read something like this on a a website / app / peice of software only to find that it's not really easier, it's only easier to do those things if you use that website / software / app the way they tell you to..? and have you ever asked why they are forcing you to do this? information, they want access to your information. every company you deal with wants to know what device you are using, where you are (try googleing geo ip), what other information they can glean from your device or email client. that app they gave you with your new car? it's a gateway for them. when you are driving around your car records (via the built in gps) everywhere you go then when you connect the car to the manufacturers app it uses your data connection to upload all it's recorded to their servers.


it's never to make your life easier!
full story - 0 comments  -----

full blog:view all my internet fevered rantings and ramblings in one place!



       
    


       
    


there are other pages on this site - see them all here (well the usefull ones anyway)!
wallpapers for people with no taste what-so-ever!!
game and desktop screen shots and wallpapers
walking in faversham faversham walks
commodore amiga a1200 full setup process with internet
mister bacon (the fizzy pop soft drink lorry) where did you go
rtl8187se advent 4211 mis wind wifi wireless linux driver (lfs, fedora core 8 / 9 / 10, debian sarge)
gnome startup ordering and control
vnc to real native xorg x11 x session session gdm / kdm / xdm
download winamp classic (2.95) with no signup or viruses
div or table layout css div versus table layout
server side mail filtering with dovecot and procmail
hacking the archos gmini xs202
my hardware, computer, archery, blades, load carrying equipment and others
netbook laptop on or to a motorcycle motorbike
drift ghost hd action camera review
enlightenment window manager e17 themes, icons, info
relaying denied: proper authentication required
linux tips and hints (fedora, debian and the odd lfs)
adding a raspberry pi to or on a motorcycle
linux from scratch, from scratch: bug fixes, annoyances, work arounds and such!
litestep themes not help
yawbbg (yet another wannabe black boy gangsta)
common sense self defense for modern times (united kingdom, england)
 a page whining about cars, vauxhall vectra, vauxhall corsa, volkswagen polo and other cars
political correctness gone mad
gatso speed cameras
robert geake uk contact me
robert geake uk - outdoor eating - one days food
robert geake uk - motorcycle camping in the uk and europe
robert geake uk - tying a compound bow d loop
robert geake uk - ukmonsters clodbuster chassis
robert geake uk - my journey into and through archery with some hints and tips too!
honda nc700x (manual version)
skyrim live off the land character
skygrind by team wooloo map download 
 download half life 2 single player maps / levels
my gaming evolution: from 1981 to 2015 and beyond!
thehunter: primal guide with targeting and kill videos : t-rex : velociraptor : utahraptor : triceratops 
dead space 3 100% percent complete save uk
robert geake uk - full blog... it's loooooooong!
robert geake freelance web programming faversham kent uk
technical and more traditional web design
sage pay, paypal, epdq, worldpay payment integration services
robert geake software licence
search engine optimisation (seo)
uk based perl programmer and linux specialist for hire 10 years experience
out of the box web development and programming shopping carts content management
robert geake freelance web development faversham kent uk
freelance data entry services kent uk
web programming portfolio
robert geake terms and conditions of trade
convert psd pdf gif and jpg into css html responsive (design dependant) web pages







© robert geake = cookie free!!!







