










national association of free will baptists, inc























 






home
about

what we believe
church covenant
church directory
executive office

meet the staff


free will baptist catechism
history
fwb treatise
about the logo
the together way


national convention
for pastors

articles by subject
better together podcast
church security
church postings
ministry links
pastor postings
pulpit magazine
refresh


links

departments & agencies
general board members
national boards and commissions
reporting forms
state associations
state publications
ministry resources


media

better together podcast
2022 convention
2021 leadership conference
2021 convention

2021 convention seminars


2020 leadership conference
2020 convention

2020 convention seminars


2019 leadership conference
2019 convention
2018 convention
2017 convention
2016 convention
2015 leadership conference
2015 convention
2014 convention
2013 convention
2012 convention
2011 convention
2010 convention
2009 convention


 






 


    


















bless every home

read more






first aid tools

read more






national convention

read more






resources

read more











the national association of free will baptists is here to help you!






we understand the challenges faced today by christian families and churches. that’s why eddie moody and the nafwb team provides a wide range of resources for churches, families, and individual believers. we offer assessment tools, training, digital and social media resources, church revitalization resources, coaching and much more! consider just a few of the following important tools we offer. for a helpful chart of resources to meet your ministry’s particular needs, check out our nafwb here to help chart.


b.l.e.s.s. every home
bless every home is a new partner resource of nafwb that equips churches with the tools to get to know your local community by name, so you can pray for, care for and share the gospel with them. it is a great supplemental resource for those participating in know your community as well as the hope initiative. find more at nafwb.org/bless. 
 
 
 

three for thirty
our churches need to grow.
we need to disciple our children.
i want to give my all to the lord.
these crucial goals require specific actions. free will baptists have adopted the decade-long 3 for 30 plan, which involves reaching and training people and giving resources back to the lord. when we do these together, churches and ministries are more likely to grow. nafwb.org/3for30
 
 

know your community
it is hard to reach your church community unless you really understand who lives there! nearly 20% of free will baptist churches have now completed the know your community report. these statistical reports, provided in partnership with church answers, consist of carefully compiled u.s. census and esri (environmental system research institute) data. the reports provide an invaluable picture of the communities where free will baptist churches are located and the unique opportunities for outreach available to our churches: nafwb.org/know
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 











 



the executive office
give to the executive office


5233 mount view roadantioch, tn 37013615-731-6812877-767-7659
quick links



3 for 30 bookmark
leadership conference
nafwb church directory
bless every home
churches without a pastor
the shepherding initiative
national convention
nafwb here to help
first aid ready resources
know your community
the hope initiative
resources
recursos en español
nafwb news
better together podcast
3 for 30
memes and graphics
refresh resources
the together way
free will baptist catechism
one magazine
do you know jesus?
your church and you

contact us



 










 your name (required)
 

 your email (required)
 

 subject
 

 your message
 







this site is best viewed using chrome, firefox, or safari.


 







 






 facebook  twitter  instagram  youtube  rss


copyright 2018 - national association of free will baptists, inc.


















