










drug warsdrug wars | our kids are worth fighting for	








































skip to primary content


drug wars
our kids are worth fighting for


 

search




main menu
drug wars
history of drug wars
drug-free living  video library
articles and updates
 






drug wars


a message from founder, tom monson: 
“some people object to the term drug wars. i always said that war includes a fight for territory, a fight for ideological ideas,  ist includes violence and killing. am i missing anything? sounds like a war to me. is it really a war? more people died last year because of drugs than did during the entire vietnam war!”
“drug wars? think about this: if we happen to live in a village somewhere in a remote jungle, and when our children reach the age of 10, they have to go outside the village and gather food. now, outside our village, there happens to be a poisonous green and red snake, wouldn’t it be important that we tell them about the snake and how to identify it?”


drug wars: how to win it
for almost 30 years, we have been producing educational videos and publications to help you educate your kids about the dangers of drugs and substance abuse. 
check our our sister site, savingourchildrencampaign for books and this site offers the drug-free kids video library. it consists of 14 educational videos teaching about drugs of abuse including alcohol and tobacco.


education will help protect your children
if you can keep your kids away from drugs and other substances until they are in their early 20s, then they are less likely to become addicted to anything. 
an effective way to teach your kids about the dangers and consequences of using drugs is by buying them a copy of eric’s song, there are two versions available. the first for younger children is the graphic novel shown below. the other is eric’s song the hardcover library version. this is suitable for older ages and perfect for a parent to read to a child to spark a discussion about drugs and how important the child is. 



watch the video about the drug-free kids video library


this is a war you don’t want to lose!

contact us













					proudly powered by wordpress				







