















the stockade bed and breakfast: baton rouge la






















































check availability
gift certificates

baton rouge  louisiana(225) 281-7358  (225) 489-8055

photo gallery
driving directions






menu


main menu
skip to image rotation. please use up and down arrow keys to navigate between images.
skip to primary content
skip to secondary content
logo
home
rooms

guest rooms view all

blue room or blue red suite
escape room
garden room
rex room
welch room


policies & amenities
faq’s
check availability
gift certificates


breakfast
packages

view all
wedding packages
romance specials
area fun specials
seasonal specials
miscellaneous specials


events

hacienda wedding package
the stockade elopement package
bridal dressing and honeymoon suite package
bridal dressing package
honeymoon suite package
bridal photo shoot
bridal and baby showers
party room


the area

attractions
restaurants
shopping
salons/spas/fitness
tourist information
louisiana products
itineraries
recipes


about us

history
interesting facts about our inn
innkeeper notes
accolades/reviews
press/videos
staff
photo gallery
blog


find us

map
driving directions
contact information


 











welcome to the stockade bed and breakfast
guests, to get the best available rate, we encourage you to book direct with the stockade bed and breakfast. we offer a discount for booking directly with us. proceed to check availability, enter your check-in and check-out dates, number of guests, click on special rates, and enter the promotional code bookdirect. your special rate will appear if there is room availability. note: not available during special events or holidays, and citywide convention dates. cannot be combined with any other discount.
learn some interesting facts about our b&b.
for information on historical landmarks, festivals & events, culinary offerings, arts & culture and more, visit the visit baton rouge website.
come experience the finest in southern bed and breakfast lodging at the stockade bed and breakfast.
yours in hospitality,
janice delerno 
innkeeper








note from the innkeeper:
friends and guests:
thank you for visiting our website. the site is rich with information on our inn, suggestions on what to do while in baton rouge and so much more. we hope it will convince you to visit us. 
if you have never stayed at a bed and breakfast, we hope that our note from your innkeeper will give you an idea of how we run our b&b and may answer any questions you may have. our faq’s page will also give you more information.
yours in hospitality,
janice delerno 
innkeeper
guest comment:
“had a great, refreshing date night. we didn’t have lots of time to travel, but the stockade is tucked away and feels far from busy baton rouge. the room was spacious and comfortable and all the special requests were ready for our arrival. and… i probably should mention that breakfast was delicious.”



 








 
sign up for our newsletter



 
 





packages




events




the area




















latest posts from our blog


potato and spinach frittata: 
			ingredients: 1 large potato, sliced very thin ½ large onion, chopped small ¼ bell pepper, chopped small 6 eggs 1 cup cheese ½ cup spinach…


john’s alaskan deer stew: 
			5 lb. deer roast 2 large potatoes, diced (2 inch) 1 large onion, diced ½ cup carrots, sliced (1 inch) ½ cup corn 2 medium…








the stockade bed and breakfast

8860 highland road
baton rouge, la 70808
https://www.thestockade.com
experience the finest in southern bed and breakfast lodging


latitude: 44.966667 longitude: -103.766667



				phone: (225) 281-7358 or: (225) 489-8055
				
 stay@thestockade.com
responsive web design, marketing and hosting by acorn marketing
accessibility statement | view our site map | privacy policy













