









minnetonka realty - minnetonka real estate






















































 


register/login contact (952) 938-9290
emailfacebooklinkedintwitter
home
search

search all listings
featured listings
popular searches


market reports
buyers

why choose minnetonka realty to buy a home
buying a home
first time home buyer guide
mortgage calculator


sellers

why choose minnetonka realty to sell your home
minnetonka realty marketing plan
how to sell your home and get top dollar
commission rates and fees
what’s my home worth


brokers blog
about us

about us
meet tom
testimonials


local

minnetonka restaurants
minnetonka links
lake minnetonka map












 


 


 

find your dream home 
							minnetonka realty 
							search properties 
							









find yourdream home
search now
search properties






market reports
free reports
market reports






what's yourhome worth
free report
your home's value








view all featured listings





minnetonka
minnetonka lakeshore
south lake minnetonka
north lake minnetonka
south minneapolis
edina




popularsearches
view all





lakeshore/cabins
investment/multi family
distressed property
one level living
land/acreage
minnetonka rentals



clienttestimonials
view all
    "we were building a new home and needed to sell our house quickly and try to time with the home completion. tom helped us price it correctly so that we... continued" - todd, minnetonka home sale & purchase       "tom nicklow of minnetonka realty is great to work with. he is a great guy, honest, straight forward and knowledgeable. he worked with my wife and i, taking... continued" - jason, minneapolis home purchase    

minnetonka real estate welcome home
your minnetonka real estate dreams really can come true! whether you’re a first time homebuyer, looking for a larger home to meet your growing family needs, or simply downsizing, minnetonka realty has you covered. as a buyer or seller in today’s fast paced real estate market, the need for fresh updated data is extremely important and this minnetonka realty website provides just that. our mls data is updated every 2 hours and covers the entire state of minnesota along with western wisconsin. you can search all of the active listings, open houses, sold listings and even get email updates when a new home that fits your search criteria hits the market!
continue reading


listing notifications
search & sign up! new listings delivered to your inbox!

search & sign up now
stay connected
emailfacebooklinkedintwitter

tom nicklow
minnetonka realty has been proudly serving the minnetonka real estate market for more than 30 years with tom nicklow serving as the broker/owner over the past 14. tom incorporates his 35 years of real estate sales experience along with his construction background and unique tech savvy marketing approach into a win-win-win situation for all of his clients. if you have an interest in buying or selling minnetonka real estate, put tom’s experience to work for you!
meet tom


minnetonka realty, inc.
16301 kensington court
minnetonka, mn 55345
(952) 938-9290 office
(612) 590-7167 tom’s cell
contact us












 sitemap   •   admin   •   ©2025 all rights reserved  •  real estate website design by idxcentral.com














