








web design & management






































































online shop











 
eye-qwe walk inyour shoesuntil...eye-qwe walk in yourcustomers'shoeseye-qleadgenerationdigital marketingweb design & management 
       








eye-q visual communication is a small design house and we've chosen to keep it that way. we've been around since 1997, resisting expansion over the years so that we can personally attend to the needs of our clients.we get involved. we take the time to understand our clients' businesses and challenges, and work closely with them every step of the way, which is why some of them have been with us for over two decades.whether large or small, simple or complex, our personalised developments and their post-launch campaigns are tailored to each client's specific goals, audiences and unique corporate identity.eye-q's versatility extends beyond design and marketing - we utilise both joomla and wordpress cms platforms, and often develop standalone bootstrap projects for specific applications.






custom-developed websites
original design, attention to detail, logical flow and usability are the hallmarks of an eye-q website:


visual content:

unique look and feel
dynamic visual elements
research and image sourcing
brand reinforcement



textual content:

information management
subject research
content writing
proofreading



hosting:

client account and domain set-up with xneelo (isp)
mailbox set-up
firewalls and security



hidden essentials:

responsive design
basic seo
print stylesheets
google search & analytics



 
some examples of custom eye-q developments:


individuals





guido warnecke


ferry pilot








gozo consulting


geological & environmental consultants








chérie de villiers


art gallery








swirl


fine wines







suppliers





trm supplies


sheet metal machinery








iqlaser


3d measuring equipment








spacio


office design & furniture








dnh tradeserve


high-tech motion control







manufacturers





texarc


tensile fabric architecture








ziptrak


track-guided blind systems








fabtec skylights


skylight manufacturing & installation








powerbrake


high-performance brake kits







services





mobipaid


turnkey cloud payment platform








saripa


national association








devprom


packages for the travel industry








laser erase


aesthetic laser treatments







destinations





ingwelala


private game reserve








royal alfred marina


residential estate








casa martan


short-term rental - portugal








karula hotel


family hotel - white river






 
 



digital marketing and lead generation
additional and post-launch services:


google advertising
our goal is to attract genuine, focused enquiries, not multiple click-thru's. dedicated landing pages encourage searchers to engage with you rather than wandering around aimlessly.


mailshots
you provide the list, we create and send eye-catching emails, keeping your company top-of-mind with your customers. we work within popi restrictions, and guarantee a very high spam avoidance rate.


social media
eye-q can assist with the set up of your social media accounts, including properly-sized banners, avatars and/or ad squares for marketing campaigns on facebook, instagram, twitter & linkedin.


other services
we can also assist you with other digital services such as corporate identities (logo designs, email signatures & stationery suites) and promotional materials (brochures, powerpoints & flipbooks, etc).








our clients say...



"eye-q has been an outstanding service provider for ingwelala since 1998 with several iterations of our website that have captured the ethos and values of our community.
john llewellyn - ingwelala



"simply the best web designers that we have had the pleasure of working with. not only did they create simple and to the point sites for us, but also guided us through the minefield of social media marketing. we can only but recommend their services."
alex schon - ceo texwise and texwise architectural structures



"eye-q has worked with us on pretty tricky projects in our companies, showing a very professional approach to our requirements. all campaigns and/or websites have been well received in the industry and have certainly increased our clientele. we can highly recommend the enthusiastic team of eye-q."
guenter schmitz - trm supplies and others



"eye-q takes a personal interest in my business, offering useful insight and advice. my website still looks fresh and up to date after a number of years. my clients love it and refer to it often."
cherie de villiers - cherie de villiers art gallery



"we thank the eye-q team for building & maintaining our incredible website, for thinking up creative & innovative ways to keep our social media platforms active & relevant, and for being instrumental in making our annual conference a hugely successful event year after year!"
rené bekker - saripa coo



"eye-q, a hidden champion in the industry, helped me mirror my brand on a website. they have the ability to adapt to any industry, and asked me the right questions to transfer my ideas into powerful wording on my website. their technical design is flawless and works seamlessly on all screen sizes. whenever i need updates or maintenance on my website, eye-q is always quick to respond."
guido warnecke - gw aerologistics llc.



"thank you for your hands-on approach in designing and building of our amazing website and google ads. laser-erase gets up to 95% of its new clients through these platforms. so we can help them and keep growing our business. appreciate all your hard work"
lindi@laser-erase

    





















call dile: +27 83 659 0661 or  sue: +27 72 185 1175 or email us.

© 2025 eye-q visual communications. all rights reserved.







     this website does not collect or store any personal information, but it does use cookies for functionality and analytics.     ok decline         


