





home - seiko instruments usa, inc.











































 










home company profile privacy policy contact us
visit the websites below for information about all of our quality products
creating big technology
in small packages
electronic components
solutions for consumer, industrial, mobile and medical devices.


quartz
crystal

micro
battery

sr
battery

spron


dianet

thermal printersseiko instruments thermal printer division, a global leader in thermal printing technology, offers a complete array of high performance kiosk printers, reliable mobile printers, compact thermal printer mechanisms, and more.smart label printerssmart label printers are known around the world for their ease of use and convenience. printing labels individually or in small groups always been better with these high quality thermal printers.seiko clocksfrom the time seiko opened the first clock factory in 1892, our dedication to quality and customer satisfaction has grown into an enduring legacy.inkjet print headssii printek division provides industrial inkjet drop-on-demand printheads, based on its historical know how in manufacturing micro-mechanisms and electric components.about usseiko instruments usa, inc.
seiko instruments group, japan
seiko holdings group
privacy policy
contactscopyright © 2024 seiko instruments u.s.a. inc. all rights reserved.



we use cookies to analyze both user behavior and marketing measures in pseudonymous form (conversion tracking, analysis). by continuing, you agree to the use of cookies and accept the measures detailed above. for more information, please refer to our privacy policy.in case of sale of your personal information, you may opt out by using the link do not sell my personal information.cookie settings      ok      privacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled 



									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary
 



									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept


















