













isafe enterprises |




























log in 

dc4 login
isafe direct myok























 





















0







0






menu








        
    isafe corporate overview      





        
    about us      







        
    isafe direct      





        
    curriculum library      



        
    aup      



        
    dc4 digital programming      



        
    permission slip      



        
    vpc      



        
    mydocs      



        
    role guide      



        
    myok      



        
    request a quote      







        
    isafe ventures/humanitarian      





        
    sex trafficking      







        
    resellers      








close×
call us (760)-603-7911





 
 










isafe corporate home







isafe enterprises 
isafe is an industry leader who understands the interrelatedness of data, belonging to minors,  and the navigation to ensure privacy and security in this new disruptive covid  environment.  we provide cloud-based services for identity management, cyber security and e-safety instructional programming for  educational and commercial organizations.


learn more










protecting your online privacy - and that of your family - is critical
our mission is to foster a universal safe digital landscape for families, communities, schools and users by building a robust online identity ecosystem.  isafe's "ecosystem of trust" is centered around compliance and parental engagement when dealing with data of minors.
















isafe direct enterprise technology platform
isafe’s technology is a cloud based solution that provides vertical markets, such as education and commercial organizations,  with a platform of robust tools to maintain an "online identity ecosystem" centered around compliance.  isafe is the only provider that provides the education vertical market an electronic document delivery platform that includes an integrated parent engagement tool.











dc4 digital programming

a library of cross-curricular instructional materials and resources








acceptable use policies

customized  aup creation, deployment and reporting








permission slip

integrates with school directories - api's for the commercial market -  to obtain verifiable parental consent 








verifiable parental consent

communicate with parents regarding commercial sites and apps










mydocs

agnostic tool to disseminate documents & messaging to parental, student and online communities.








role guide

hr digital document management solution to communicate with your staff & personnel 








myok

for parents, educators and students to digitally sign documents








learn more

learn more about the benefits of using the isafe direct enterprise technology platform.










social impact - we are committed to the fight against sex trafficking of children.
learn more about our humanitarian social impact initiative.


learn more









let's get in touch
learn more about our services and programs.
 
contact us


contact us





 



 












isafe direct software
auppermission slipvpcmydocsrole guidedc4 digital programmingmyok


get in touchcontact uscontact usrequest a quotesubscribe to newsletter


learn moreprivacy policyterms of service


choose language
 



select languageenglishchinese (simplified)frenchgermankoreanportuguesespanish 
 





 






    © 2025-2026 isafe enterprises   









 
 











 





























































