sharon church
 

   


      

about us
what to expectwhat we believestaffeldersdeaconssharon 101weekly schedule
ministries
adultssc totssc kidsmiddle schoolhigh schoolsenior adultsall ingroups & classessharon men
outreach
sca preschoolcrossovermissionsone way ministry
resources
sermonsblogresources
connect
registration formsemail newsletter
giving
for such a time as this
give

 login













sharon church 




homeabout uswhat to expectwhat we believestaffeldersdeaconssharon 101weekly scheduleministriesadultssc totssc kidsmiddle schoolhigh schoolsenior adultsall ingroups & classessharon menoutreachsca preschoolcrossovermissionsone way ministryresourcessermonsblogresourcesconnectregistration formsemail newslettergivingfor such a time as this


login
give
  























to god be the glory join us this sundayto god be the gloryyou have  characters left. 




 link
select slide order...slide position: 1

cancel
save


previous



next
gathering times8:30a | chapel
10:00a | auditorium
11:30a | small groupslocation
571 n. ola road
mcdonough, ga gacontact usp: 770.957.5072
e: info@sharonchurch.comto god be the glorywe are simply a group of people doing the best we can with what we have been given to glorify god in all we do.we would love to connect with you!connect
 baptismwe believe baptism is an outward display of our inward trust in jesus. it is an act of obedience that identifies us as followers of king jesus.if you are interested in being baptized, let us know here: https://forms.gle/stf2evz3h917xjbs6
 adult discipleshipdiscipleship is the process of becoming more like jesus. it involves all of our heart, all of our soul, all of our mind, and all of our strength. we believe discipleship best happens in community, so we have designed each of our discipleship environments to function with a group element.we have small groups, training classes, recovery groups, & d-groups.  learn more
 welcome to sharon church.we would love to worship with you! no matter where you are on life’s journey, you are welcome here!we believe that god loves all of creation, and through jesus christ we are brought into fellowship with god. we are a family, proclaiming the love and grace of god as found in god's word. all are welcome at sharon church - those who believe as well as those who are seeking, because we believe we have all things in common at the foot of the cross of jesus.at each service we gather for meaningful worship through song, through studying god’s word, and through our mutual love for one another. we reach out with the heart of ministry to care for our neighbors in the name of christ in our local community and around the world. the truth of the gospel is present no matter where we are, so we seek to celebrate that truth as much as possible. as we work and worship together we find that our faith grows as we enjoy what god has for us in old and new relationships.you will discover many exciting opportunities at sharon church, but more than anything we pray that you discover a home where you can rest, breathe, and relax in god’s embrace. we want you to feel at home and comfortable here. we are pleased to welcome you as part of a growing and diverse christian community.download our new sharon church app.please join us for an upcoming worship service!watch recent worship services on our youtube channel here.

come see us

click for driving directions

connect

sharon church770.957.5072571 n. ola road mcdonough, ga 30252						menuabout usministriesoutreachresourcesconnectgivingupcoming eventsunexpected by kristen koontzrealizing the gift of restsharon 101the weight of the crossbeholding jesus in 2021outreachadministration login:the "admin" link below is how you will access administration area which allows you to manage your website. your login credentials were sent to you via email at the time of purchase.
login now
dismiss
© 2025 all rights reserved  ·  sharon church  ·  privacy policy · admin




powered by





register for this event
first name

last name

email address

comments

cancel
register



 thanks for registering!your registration has been received.



×


 email a friend


url: https://www.sharonchurch.com/




send




thanks for sharing!your email has been sent.
×loginpassword update requiredfor your security, it's time to update your password. please choose a new password to help keep your account safe. this won't take long, and you'll be back in action in no time!
refresh my passwordinvalid login info

login

forgot password?or

login with facebooklogin
with twitter
don't have an account? request
one!
enter your email below and a new password will be sent to you. after you login with this new
password you can change it in the settings area.
email



* an account for this email address does not exist.
cancel
reset
passwordyour new password has been sent!
we have just sent an email containing a new password to login. you can always change this password
by logging in and visiting the settings page.
ok
two-factor authenticationenter the verification code provided by email.

cancel
login
use recovery code
authentication failedthe verification code you entered is invalid.
cancel
resend code
recovery codeenter the recovery code to verify your identity.

cancel
login
×request an account
first name

last name



email

a person with this email already exists
password



create accountor

login with facebook account login with twitter account

×create an account
your request for an account has been received. once this information is moderated you will receive an
email with your account details.
okwelcome to your new website!
continuemaximum navigation items reachedyou have reached the limit of 6 main level navigation items. you can always rename or delete your
existing main nav items to better organize your content. consider adding pages to the sub navigation
menus as well.
okare you sure you want to delete this item?



no
yesnotification text
dismissnotification textcontent
dismisssavingwe are processing your request. please do not click anything until this process is completed. thank you.
plan your visit





!what's your first and last name?


continuealmost there,  [first name]!what's your email and cell number?


continue
backlast step,  [first name]!which event would you like to attend?




continue
backthank you,  [first name]!

we've saved a seat for you!we're really excited you're planning to visit us. here are some details about your visit:


 

 


learn more about your visit
back


 processing...
request information


cancel
send

your message has been sent!

plan your visitgive a virtual hug to your guestschurchspring’s plan your visit pop-up form helps visitors feel comfortable and confident about what to expect before they even attend a service. in addition, you can save guests’ contact information, capture service and event rsvps, and follow up with important information.
so easy to use and resources provided helped to make a very much improved website.


david levanduskypastor · living waters assembly of god

upgrade now!
available on grow and flourish plans

sermons featurespread god's word: anytime, anywhere.the sermons feature allows you to extend the powerful message of the gospel beyond your local community. churchspring makes it incredibly easy to upload, organize, and promote your church's sermons for listeners near and far.
churchspring offers a solution that can help us be more involved with outreach through media.


charles westbrookpastor · pelion baptist church

upgrade now!
available on grow and flourish plans

live steamingexpand the reach of your churchexperience a church website builder that integrates live streaming right on your website with a no-stress. setting up your church’s live streaming platform takes minutes! your members will never miss an online sermon again with automatic website banner notifications.
churchspring is the best thing that happened to my church! we are online and going to stay online.


david dailpastor · faith center bible ministries

upgrade now!
available on grow and flourish plans

church directoryalways up to date + accessible anywherea centralized contact management system that allows admins to manage members and visitors online or on the app. church leaders can access prayer requests, notes, giving history, and more while your church fellowship receives secured access to contact information. and it’s all kept within your church website builder for easy integration!
in a time where we are "virtually" reaching out to our congregation and community this is a great tool being used to spread the gospel of christ.


tim olsonpastor · berkeley avenue baptist church

upgrade now!
available on the flourish plan

groupsgoodbye isolation, hello church groups software by churchspringsay hello to your complete, centralized community groups management solution. encourage deep community with the ultimate church groups software. create public or private groups to increase communication with your members and sync group gatherings with your church calendar to save time.
thank you for enabling me to take our ministry to a new place with your tool. i am a big fan.


mike heathpastor · kathleen baptist church

upgrade now!
available on the flourish plan

social schedulersave time with the only church social schedulercreate a schedule for your church’s social media promotions right within your website! schedule sermons, events, or blog posts in a breeze. we’ll automatically post them to your social media channels, so you can focus on your ministry.
i love how when i post to social media an event or blog how it brings in the picture and the look of the post on social media. this has been a great move for us!


mark manzerpastor · waterford community church

upgrade now!
available on flourish plans

event registrationunlock effortless event planningstreamline your church events with our efficient online event registration. the effortless signup process and accessible event details make hosting successful gatherings a breeze, enhancing your ability to bring your members together without stress.
churchspring is user friendly. i enjoy the calendar–easy to post and very easy to locate.


cheryl haddenadministrative admin

upgrade now!
available on grow and flourish plans  
    
 
        
 
    