






new orleans -


































new orleans



skip to content

homecontact me
site map












← older posts





		september 27, 2017 · 3:52 pm	
get the most out of your video games with all these great suggestions 
learning to all types of training places through classrooms, video games are. they let’s rehabilitate our own bodies, learn new abilities or only have a fantastic time. to be able to turn your time check out the tips and tricks from the article.
avoid chemical cleaners when cleaning your game discs off. you might be tempted to utilize some kind of window or glass cleaner if a match disk isn’t playing. the disk could be easily damaged by this . locate a soft cloth and rub on the disk clean with it.
they’re interested in, before heading out to receive a game to get a child, ask them. there are lots of factors. you’ve got to be certain that you don’t buy.
you know that gambling could be a hobby, if you’re a gamer. if you would like to obtain the best and most up-to-date game, it will cost you at least $ 50 or $ 60. do your research, before you sink that kind of cash in a sport and check reviews on this game that is brand new out. make sure it’s one which is going to supply hours of enjoyment to you before you get it.
do not waste time. find out as you playwith. the game will probably be more interesting if you figure out things as you go along. you have the choice of picking up the guide and flipping through it if you become frustrated. try it yourself first.
give a opportunity to the music. do not be reluctant to mute the tv or computer and perform with some songs of your personal computer if, however, you’re annoyed with it after a hour or so. you are inclined to receive a headache and will have a gaming experience like thatwith.
you might wish to think about keeping your children out of playing with video games. consoles have safety and content preferences which are bypassed on a pc, in addition to privacy controls. they might have a experience using a games console.
stretching is vital. the same as with any activity gaming carpel tunnel syndrome, may result in sore palms and, in extreme instances. to optimize your gambling endurance, stretch your hands. begin with a few basic stretches until you sit down to match, and make sure you take your hands to stretch out throughout your match.
hold a video game celebration. kids will enjoy a party also enjoy playing games. select your child’s favorite gaming system and also have. set up so his buddies and that your kid can play with game.
trade in your old games. you can exchange your games and you may get money or credit, although you might not know that. check with a couple shops that are distinct so that you can secure the very best bargain in your games. wizard of oz free coins will enlighten you on every aspect about wizard of oz slots.
whether place the enemy in the dead of the night, learn how to manage individuals and products or you’re attempting to receive your levels upgames may take you! utilize the tips you have read to take your gaming!


leave a comment
filed under stuff






		september 26, 2017 · 3:52 pm	
how to sew christmas place mats 
by dede wilson 
making place mats is an affordable way.  sewing holiday place mats means they can be customized by that you or use colours such as silver or green and red and blue.
you can use various kinds of cloth to add variety, although the instructions here show you how you can create place mats from the identical kind of cloth.  by way of instance, color cubes can be made by you or create place mats which you can flip.
you require to create four place mats
*  just check up on best laser christmas lights if you need more details on hang christmas decorations without ruining walls.
11/2 yards of cloth that is 45inchwide
* 
11/2 yards of 22inchwide nonwoven, doublesided, fusible interfacing (with paper backing)
* 
matching thread (to get a nosew alternative, use fabric glue.)
* 
scissors
* 
straight pins
* 
sewing machine (not necessary when using the nosew alternative)
* 
tape measure
* 
iron/ironing board
you can follow these directions after you collect all the materials you need:
* 
cut eight rectangles in the cloth.
* 
cut four 12 1/2 x 18 1/2inch rectangles in the interfacing.
* 
center and put each piece of fusible interfacing on the side of four of the cloth rectangles.  stick the port into the fabric.
* 
align the edges of a fabric piece that is fused to a cloth piece that is plain and pin them together.
* 
with a 3/8inch seam allowance, sew or use fabric glue to bind the edges, leaving roughly 6 inches open for turning.
* 
clip on corners close to the seam and remove the paper backing.
* 
twist the place mat right side out and carefully push at out the corners, using an unsharpened pencil or your finger.
* 
making certain that the bit of the place mat is based over the piece, start fusing and pressing the two pieces.  fold the edges under in the opening and presson.
* 
to close either whipstitch the opening or paste it shut, using fabric glue.
finish your placemat off .


leave a comment
filed under stuff






		march 6, 2017 · 5:04 pm	
tips to give you a successful fishing trip 

 understanding how to fish in the beginning may be quite difficult, but it really does not have be that confusing at all. learn as much as possible about this timeless sport, including the nuances of different techniques, lures, rods and bait. if you read this article, it will teach you how to fish, so you can be fed for a lifetime.
if you’re fishing at the bottom using a shad, be sure to cut your bait’s tail prior to placing it into your hook. this will keep the bait from spinning around your line on the way down to the bottom, and can therefore help you to prevent tangles. to sweeten the deal, the scent of the severed tail is particularly appealing to fish.
every beginner fisherman should first learn what fishing is about before going out on the water. do plenty of research before starting. there are many books, blogs and online articles which can help you gain knowledge. once you learn the basics of fishing, you can start reeling in some big catches!
when you plan to fish using a boat, remember to dry the boat’s surface as much as you can. the last thing you want is to slip and fall and possibly land on a sharp object. prior to heading out on the water, use a towel or a mop to dry the floor.
learn what the fishing laws of the location are that you will be fishing in. in some areas, fishing may be prohibited in certain bodies of water, or the use of certain kinds of bait may be forbidden. regulations are typically found through the fishing and wildlife departments of your state, and are often available online.
if you aim to become a pro fisherman, then it is essential that you have a sharp hook. test the hook by lightly scraping the tip across your fingernail. if it leaves a little scratch, it’s sharp enough. if it doesn’t, you should replace or sharpen it to catch more fish.
it is important to learn how to set a hood while fishing. doing this is necessary when fishing, especially with lures. if you lose your fish because you did not set the hook properly, that is a lot of wasted effort that leads to disappointment.
although the primary focus in fishing is catching fish, you must maintain an awareness of and a respect for the creatures and their environment. keep in mind that the natural habitat of fish and other types of wildlife is crucial to their survival. do your part to avoid destroying nature.
when you are deep sea fishing, watch for signs of fish nearby. you will want to take note of driftwood or debris of any kind floating on the water. many times fish will be in the area of debris. one of the signs that large fish may be nearby is seagulls feasting on smaller fish.
the well-stocked tackle box always includes a sharpened knife. this item is very important and can become quite a problem if you forget about it. get a good fishing knife. it must be sharp, rust resistant and of the highest quality.
spinnerbaits are easy to use for people one step beyond using earthworms. this is even more helpful when fishing in shallow or shady water. while bass are most attracted to spinnerbait, they can also be used to catch crappie.
any fisherman needs to know how to set a hook. setting the hook fast is important, especially when using lures to fish. you don’t want to put in all the effort and get a bite, only to loose the fish because you didn’t set the hook well.
certain fish will only respond to specific types of bait. it never hurts to pack a dozen or so leeches to shake things up. leeches can be kept alive by keeping them in a plastic or styrofoam container that is well ventilated and has water in the bottom of the container.
buying high-quality fishing rods can improve your fishing career. rods of lower quality may snap under pressure, and they are not tested as strenuously as those of higher quality. if you buy a rod that lasts forever, it will save you money in the long run, because you will not have to keep replacing rods that break.
fish finders
when you are using a net to fish, be sure that the fish will be hitting the net head on. doing this minimizes the movement of the fish. this will cause it to have a lower chance of escaping from your net. it is advised to only use a net when absolutely necessary.
make use of a fish finder in order to help you discover the best fishing spot whenever you are fishing on a boat. fish finders send out sonar that pinpoints schools of fish. some fishermen may prefer not to use fish finders. many feel that relying on technology to find fish compromises the integrity of the sport.
for fishing trips on a boat, try using a fish finder so that you can easily locate a good place to drop your line. using a fish finder is great for locating fish traveling is small schools. of course, not every fishermen chooses to rely on a fish finder to locate fish. to them the fish finder is an advantage that should not be used in the sport of fishing.
always check what the weather will be like before you leave for a fishing trip. fishing usually isn’t the safest or most enjoyable in stormy or windy weather. look for an overcast sky when you plan to go fishing. fishing can be done in any weather conditions, but there is a good chance you will be successful with overcast skies.
the best time to take a breather while out fishing is at noontime. fish are less likely to bite at this time because of the sun’s angle. linger over your lunch and start fishing again once the sun is a bit lower.
fishing provides fun recreational time for many people. fishing also gives the chance to bond with family, spend time in nature and just relax and rewind. educating yourself about the various aspects of fishing can lead you to fishing like a pro. keep these tips in mind when you plan your next fishing adventure!
plan your fishing trip so that the time is right and the temperature will work in your favor. bass typically feed at dawn or dusk because their preferred food source is more active. just make sure the water is over 50 degrees when you’re fishing.


comments off on tips to give you a successful fishing trip
filed under having fun
tagged as fish finders





		february 26, 2017 · 4:53 pm	
fishing tips that will change your life! 

 one very easy hobby to choose from the multitude of activities available is fishing. fishing is an enjoyable hobby for people of every age. to properly get into fishing as a hobby, you should invest some time to learn about the right equipment and fishing techniques to help you succeed. this article will give you some ideas to get you rolling.
if you’d like to create a memory of your big catch, take a photo so you don’t need to take the fish with you. this will help you to keep the fish alive, while still preserving your fishing memories.
perhaps the most beneficial fishing advice you can get is to have patience. the may be times when you may go several hours or days without catching a single fish. if you allow yourself to become frustrated, you will lose out on all the relaxing benefits of the hobby.
if you are a beginner and wish to progress from earthworms, look into purchasing a spinnerbait. these types of lures will help you when you fish in the shade, or in murky, shallow water near a dock. usually bass is caught with spinner bait, but crappie also is caught on it sometimes.
the most important fishing tip anyone can learn is to always have a sharp hook on their line. a well sharpened fishing hook makes sure that anything you catch will remain hooked on as you reel it in. be prepared for your next fishing trip by checking your fishing hooks for sharpness, or replacing them if they are dull or rusted.
as you stock your tackle box and boat for a fishing trip, you must include all necessary tools and gear. when it comes to lures, using a live bait depends on the fish you are trying to catch. you must learn what type of lure works best for each fishing situation.
remember that when going out to fish to know the weight capacity your boat could hold. tipping the boat in the middle of the lake and losing everything you have would be a disaster, potentially even fatal. for the best safety, keep the weight of your boat well below its maximum capacity.
pay close attention to the odors on your hands. if your hands have an unnatural scent, it can rub off on your lure. if the scent is transferred to your bait, it is unlikely that you will catch many fish.
fly fishing
keep track of the wind when fishing. if it’s windy, fish will follow the flow of the current and congregate on one portion of the lake. your casting should be into the wind. if you find that the wind is absolutely too strong, fish are probably going to remain at the bottom so that you will not be able to reach them.
give fly fishing a go! fly fishing is quite different from other techniques. if you are interested in this type of fishing you will need a completely different set of equipment including: lures, rods, and even the types of clothing that you wear!
experts and pros agree that a positive attitude can change your fortune. fishing is frustrating at times, so you need to stay positive, or your bad attitude will ruin things. do not get too upset if you have not had a fish bite for a while.
if you’re fishing using artificial bait, change the bait’s color once in awhile. you definitely want to do this if the fish aren’t biting after you’ve been out for a long time. when you add in new bait fish can at times find it a bit intriguing and become lured by the new colors at the top of the water.
smallmouth bass and walleye may be more persnickety about the type of live bait you may choose. it can help to bring 20 or 30 leeches in case they don’t go for your other bait. leeches can be kept alive in a plastic container with some warm water.
make sure your hook is firmly attached to your line using a clinch knot, so you don’t lose any fish.. take hold of the end of your hook, and slide the line tip through it. then make several turns over the line, preferably five, and pass the end into the eye and coil. tighten the knot by slipping the line through the loop and tugging gently on its end.
moon phases affect fishing. for example, if you’re interested in fishing at night, fish will be more active during a full moon. you will also be more visible to the fish, so be prepared.
whenever fishing in the ocean, always be on the lookout for signs that fish are nearby. you will want to take note of driftwood or debris of any kind floating on the water. usually you will see some big game fish over in that location. in addition to looking for debris in the water, keep an eye out for seagulls. many times there is an abundance of fish where seagulls are feeding.
if you lose your patience while fishing, take a break and move around about once each hour. not only will you be able to enjoy various scenery, but this will keep your mind active. perhaps, you might happen to discover a great fishing spot.
be careful not to start a fire when fishing by the creek or riverside. there are many who smoke while they fish, so it is important to make sure that no accidental fires are started with smoking products. the area on the bank may be damp, but close by there could be a lot of dry, flammable brush.
keeping your line in the water is essential to a successful day of fishing. you’ll be surprised at how much time is wasted by doing such tasks as untangling knots and changing lures. the only way to catch a fish is by actually fishing.
wet your line prior to tying a knot. not only will this reduce the amount of friction you experience as you tie the knot, it will also make the knot as a whole much stronger. when you pick out a knot, try clinch knots or double fisherman’s knots.
when fishing do not litter. not only is it disrespectful, but it will deter fish from staying in the area. this will keep all fishermen from catching any fish.
make sure that you check the weather of the area you plan on fishing at. you will not be as prepared, if you aren’t aware of what the weather is like. if the weather gets fierce, you might not be prepared properly if you do not check first. be cautious, and go over the weather forecast prior to going fishing.
barbless single hooks are the best type of hooks to use when enjoying a day of catch-and-release fishing. this will enable the fish not to get hurt when you return them back into the water.
quality rods
if you are using night crawlers or worms as bait, make sure that it is threaded on the hook as best as you can. when your hook is baited correctly with live bait, the fish will be drawn to eat it. it is also wise to use small hooks.
always purchase quality rods for your fishing adventures. low quality rods break under pressure. the higher quality rods are tested better and therefore are less likely to break. you actually save money buying a quality rod as it lasts much longer than an inferior rod.
if you need to make use of a net to catch a fish, try to net the fish’s head first. this reduces the amount of stress to the fish and prevents it from suffering too much damage from the net. cradle the net using both hands, as this reduces the chance that a fighting fish will make it back into the water.
if you are fishing in an unfamiliar area, remember that you may be required to purchase a license to do so. in the us, each state requires that you purchase a fishing license, either day long, or year long.
plastic worms are an excellent choice if you don’t know what you’ll be up against on your trip. plastic worms can be seen easily from water. they cost little, are readily available, and can bring in lots of different kinds of fish. you don’t need to spend excessive amounts of money to purchase live bait when cheaper alternatives are available.
as you’ve just read, fishing is a simple activity to get into. by utilizing the tips from this article, you will soon fish like an expert. take the opportunity to spend some time with a friend or family member by going on a fishing trip. the time you spend together will create lifetime memories!
fishing accessories, such as boots and attire, are important items to consider when fishing. fishing can be hard on you physically. protect yourself by dressing in layers, keeping your feet dry and using insect repellent. taking all of these measures to cut down on wear and tear on your body can greatly increase your enjoyment of the sport.


comments off on fishing tips that will change your life!
filed under having fun
tagged as fishing trip, fly fishing, quality rods





		february 21, 2017 · 1:35 pm	
coffee tips: learn all you need to know 

 where do you buy your coffee at? maybe you’ve never bought coffee, but you’re interested in doing so. when you are trying to decide on a coffee type, keep reading. continue reading this article to discover everything you need to know about coffee.
coffee prices and quality are positively correlated. if you drink a lot of coffee, make sure to put your money in the tools, instruments and grinds. choosing less expensive products can often lead to you getting a lesser beverage.
if you’re diabetic, you can use stevia in lieu of sugar. stevia is a sugar substitute made from plants. it can sweeten your coffee without the unnecessary sugar. you can find this product in your local health food store.
if you often find yourself needed only one cup of coffee at a time, consider investing in a keruig coffee maker. these devices let you make just one cup and offer a wide selection of coffee flavors. you can choose from a variety of makers with many different features.
when consumed properly, coffee can be a healthy part of a mixed diet. coffee isn’t bad, it’s all the extras people add in. therefore, try drinking almond milk lattes. only sweeten them using stevia or honey, which are healthier than cream and sugar.
if you want to add sweetness without adding calories, then consider trying sugar alternatives like stevia. stevia is made from plants and its natural sweetness is great for diabetic coffee lovers, or those who are watching their waistline. you can find it at health food stores and supermarkets.
french press
a container that does not allow any air in is the best kind to store coffee in. oxygen exposure causes coffee to taste awful. don’t use plastic bags with valves. they are not airtight. the valves are only intended to let the air out while the beans are cooling.
consider using a french press for brewing rich, flavorful coffee. drip coffee makers use paper filters that can retain coffee’s natural oils, robbing the final product of flavor. conversely a french press actually squeezes out extra oil for more flavor. you get a deeper flavor because the oils stay in the brew.
do not ever reheat coffee, it ruins the taste completely. it won’t actually hurt you, but you will not enjoy your coffee as much. however, chemical compounds in the coffee decompose after sitting for an extended period, or when exposed to microwaves. this will make it taste peculiar or bitter.
only use airtight containers to store coffee in your refrigerator. if air is allowed to enter the container, then the surrounding odors will permeate the coffee, changing its taste. another problem that may arise if coffee is inappropriately stored is moisture intrusion.
be cautious of the water that you use when brewing your coffee. poor quality water will make your coffee taste lousy. it is also wise to utilize water with a high mineral content. water that lacks minerals will give coffee a bitter taste.
to make the best coffee, you need the best water. you may want to use bottled water for this purpose. if you would rather not use bottled water, consider purchasing a water purifier. it won’t be as clean as bottled water, but it will be better than using water straight from the faucet.
it can be confusing to choose from the many varieties of coffee available. there are those who like dark roasted beans, while some prefer milder flavors. there are also flavored coffees, including raspberry and hazelnut. most people prefer to add flavor with a creamer rather than by using flavored coffee.
remember that the origin of the beans determines the coffee’s taste. change up your choices in blends and brands rather than drinking the same exact coffee over and over. price shouldn’t be the major factor in your choice, because you might get increased energy from different types and won’t drink as much as you do of the weaker kind you’re used to.
in order to make good coffee, you must use good water. consider putting in bottled h2o; while you may cringe a little at the thought of spending money for water, it will make a big difference in the way your coffee tastes. if you would rather not use bottled water, consider purchasing a water purifier. it’s not going to be exactly the same as using bottled water, but it will be much better than tap water.
you will always get a better cup of coffee if you use beans that are roasted fresh. if you use whole beans, check the roasting date before you buy. for the freshest coffee, purchase from a coffee shop or specialty store rather than a grocery store.
there are some options available for still enjoying the taste of sugar in coffee drinks if you need to cut down on the sugar added. agave nectar is a healthy, all-natural sweetener that is also safe for diabetics. stevia and splenda also work well to sweeten coffee.
conical or flat grinding burrs is the better option when purchasing a coffee grinder. either of these mechanisms reduce the heat generated during grinding. this lets your coffee remain delicious. grinders that have blades are not very consistent. this is way too hot and it might burn your coffee.
invest in a basic coffee grinder. if you wait until you are ready to brew before you grind your beans, the oils will remain intact and your coffee will taste better. you can vary the coarseness of how your coffee is ground to suit your needs. if you do not have the room or inclination for an appliance in addition to your coffee maker, buy a coffee maker that features a grinder already built-in.
learn how to easily froth milk to add to coffee. just heat up the milk inside a measuring cup or mug which is microwave-safe until it is steaming. once the milk is steaming, use a whisk and whip the handle quickly between your palms. keep going until you achieve a good foam. to achieve maximum froth, use either half and half or whole milk.
never put your coffee above your oven or another heat source. heat can stifle the quality of your coffee beans. this means you should avoid the countertops or the cupboards that are too close to where the stove is located.
six ounces
never just throw coffee grounds into a coffee maker without measuring first. match the number of cups you’d like to the right measurement of grounds. measuring cups are typically eight ounces and a coffee cup is six ounces. you should use around 2 tbs of coffee in this 6 oz of water. your brew will be watered down if you use a measuring cup.
make sure you use the proper mix of water and coffee grounds to make the right number of cups of coffee. measuring cups hold eight ounces, as opposed to the six ounces that a standard cup holds. use two tablespoons of coffee grounds for every six ounces of filtered water for best results. if you use an eight ounce measuring cup for every two tablespoons of coffee, it will taste weak.
don’t make iced coffee by pouring hot coffee over ice cubes. this will water down the coffee. instead, use leftover coffee to make coffee ice cubes. once they’re frozen, take out the ice trays and let them melt.
if you aren’t satisfied with the flavors of any of the single brew coffees, consider a blended brew, where different flavors are mixed. a good coffee shop can help you find a blend that is suited to your taste. ask if you can have a sample before buying it.
do you add any artificial sweeteners to your coffee? these ingredients can alter the tasty flavor of your morning coffee. use raw sugar sparingly to get a more satisfying flavor, or just drink the brew plain. if sweetener is a must, think about using just a small amount.
when making coffee use fresh cold water. avoid using hot water in this type of machine. the machine itself will heat the water. if you brew your coffee in hot water, you are likely to burn the coffee grounds. that will make a bad tasting cup of coffee and might also be unsafe.
drip brew coffee with cold water only. you should never use hot water inside these machines. the machine itself will heat the water during the brewing process. if you brew coffee with hot water, your coffee grounds will get burnt. this will cause your coffee to be bitter and could also be a safety hazard.
from canned coffee grounds to imported gourmet beans, there are so many different types to choose from. you can purchase off the internet or in a brick and mortar store. any type of coffee that you like is available to you. keep these tips in mind to brew your desired coffee.
jazz up your coffee with unique sweeteners and flavors from your pantry. instead of using regular white sugar, try brown sugar or raw sugar. don’t be afraid to explore flavorings like nutmeg, cinnamon or cocoa. liquid flavorings are another delicious option. flavored soy, rice and almond milks can also be used in lieu of milk, cream or non-dairy creamers.


comments off on coffee tips: learn all you need to know
filed under having fun
tagged as coffee grounds, coffee shop, french press, measuring cup, six ounces





		february 16, 2017 · 11:07 am	
everything you ought to know about jewelry 

 no matter your reason for buying jewelry, you should understand how to responsibly buy and sell it. this article offers advice on all aspects of jewelry ownership.
try using a polishing cloth on all of the jewelry in a collection. a polishing cloth is a very gentle way to get a good shine on all your pieces. use the two-sided cloth to polish your jewelry as if you were cleaning glass. use a two-sided cleaning cloth, one for polishing and one for shining.
be careful when storing all your jewelry together. it is best to use holders, compartments, boxes, and hooks so that everything is kept separate. tossing all of your jewelry into the same box is a bad plan. fragile jewelry could easily be damaged by doing this, not to mention the nuisance of having to untangle necklace chains that could get caught together.
you never want to use bleach, ammonia, or any other cleaning solvents that are not designed specifically for cleaning jewelry. doing so can damage the shine and luster of the stones on your favorite pieces.
sterling silver
store your jewelry collection carefully. it is best to use holders, compartments, boxes, and hooks so that everything is kept separate. do not ever just throw them in a pile. heavy pieces should not be placed in the same compartment with fragile pieces.
if you are looking to purchase sterling silver jewelry make sure that you have a magnet with you and a good eye. imitations will be attracted to your magnet. this is an easy way to recognize quality. in addition, sterling silver pieces are always stamped with silver hallmarks indicating such factors as the degree of purity, the manufacturer’s symbol, and the date of manufacture. some of the most common hallmarks are “925, “ster,” “sterling,” and “sterling silver.” silver jewelry that lacks a hallmark may be a fake or composed of other metals.
if you are shopping unmarked sterling silver jewelry, then by all means bring a magnet. metals that aren’t precious will connect to the magnet, signaling that it is fake. sterling silver will always be hallmarked with a stamp such as .925, ster. or sterling. be wary of jewelery without any kind of hallmark, as often it is fake.
identify the kind of stone in every piece you consider. a stone may be natural, synthetic or imitation. natural and synthetic gems are real stones, but imitation is just plastic colored to look like the real thing. the only difference between natural and imitation gemstones is where they are made. natural occur naturally, while synthetic stones are grown in labs.
if you are buying jewelry for someone who values her individuality, find a one-of-a-kind piece or commission a piece designed specifically for her. pieces that match their personality will highlight your thoughtfulness and creativity, especially since you care for them enough to purchase jewelry for them.
good jewelry will last a lifetime. go to a dealer you can trust to make sure you get a quality item at a fair price. high-quality jewelry is durable and displays excellent craftsmanship. a good jeweler can provide you with some background on the piece, such as who crafted it, where it was manufactured, and where any stones in it came from. when you chose a high-quality piece, you know your jewelry will last forever.
shop the sales to get great jewelry on a budget. if the deal is good, you may be able to save some serious money! you will find advertisements for the sales in a variety of media mediums including on the net, in newspapers, and also in the stores themselves. if you purchase something on clearance, you might save 50% or more off the original purchase price.
if you wear the piece for 24 hours, then you can be sure that it has been put together correctly and hangs nicely. you will be able to tell if it will hold up to wear and tear.
before you buy any item of jewelry, have a think about what your long term plans are for it. having a lot of never worn jewelry is not necessary. think about your most-worn wardrobe pieces when choosing jewelry.
when buying new jewelry, carefully consider the stones. choose a stone that reflects both your personality, skin tone and lifestyle. neutral colors are very versatile, as they match well with any outfit. there is no point in buying something that is not functional.
selling jewelry online requires you to capture stunning images of the piece. this is important to do because when someone purchases something online, they don’t have it in front of them to feel and touch. make sure you take a photo of the jewelery in a place that will focus on it and not the background.
think about getting a set of jewelry rather than a single piece. it is usually quite easy to find a jewelry set at a reasonable price, especially during the holidays. you can split up the set and give the loved one a piece of jewelry as each holiday comes around. this ensures that you will have a lovely gift that is sure to match and be cherished.
this applies to dry and steam-filled saunas. the high heat and humidity in these areas can significantly damage your jewelry.
it is vitally important that each of your bracelets and necklaces have a strong clasp attached to them. if your jewelry items have unreliable clasps, your gemstones are in constant jeopardy. for particularly expensive or sentimental pieces of jewelry, it is recommended you have a safety clasp installed. if there is a piece that you simply cannot afford to lose, try an additional clasp for added safety.
the prices for diamonds vary greatly so shop around before making a purchase. every diamond varies and has individual flaws. some flaws may be less important to you once you actually see it in person. different jewelers may price differently in regard to these flaws. to find a good diamond within your budget, really do your homework and shop around.
you should never wear your jewelry while swimming. the chlorine in pool water is very harsh and may cause your fine jewelry to appear dull. over time, salt water is just as harmful to your jewelry. take your jewelry off first to keep it from becoming damaged or tarnished.
a clasp that will hold up is a very important part of any necklace or bracelet. clasps keep your pendants safe. you can get a safety clasp to keep costly necklaces and bracelets from falling off and becoming lost. with the most expensive items of jewelry, some people will use two or three clasps for extra security.
keep your necklaces free of tangles by getting robe hooks to hang them. try hanging the hooks on the wall in your bedroom or on the back of the door, then put all your necklaces on them in the fashion that works for you. this organizational tip can help you from getting a tangled mess of necklaces in your jewelry box.
never rely on brand names to determine the true value of a piece of jewelry. nobody will realize where this piece came from, and the seller may sell the piece at a higher price because of this brand. many brands offer excellent quality.
jewelry that has been cared for properly retains its sentimental and economic value. take special care of those valuable pieces of jewelry, and it will pay off in terms of investment and sentimental value. there is a lot more information out there, so keep educating yourself so that you will know how to get the most out of your jewelry.
when shopping for expensive jewelry, choose one that is sure to last for years. high-priced jewelry is usually high in quality, but don’t forget to consider styles. a piece that is made in a popular style may not look quite so fashionable later. look into buying something that will not go out of style.


comments off on everything you ought to know about jewelry
filed under having fun
tagged as silver jewelry, sterling silver





		february 9, 2017 · 4:50 pm	
everything you should know about your hobby 

 there are people who consider hobbies to be just another form of drudgery. it’s not only that way. there are lots of hobbies that aren’t hard and don’t cost much. continue reading to discover more about them.
music is a great hobby for many. the next step is trying to decide what instrument appeals to you. after that, all you need to do is train with someone else, or train with videos and books. take your time and progress slowly, taking in everything, and you will be good in no time at all.
if you are stressed after work, a fun hobby can help relax you. it does not have to become a job, it should be something that offers relaxation and fun.
if work stress has you down, hobbies can make all the difference. it does not have to become a job, it should be something that offers relaxation and fun.
if you need to use scissors for your hobby, take very good care of them. keep lint and adhesive from gumming up the blades by carefully wiping them off after each session. soap and water are good enough to wash them. you should then dry them. nail polish will help you remove adhesive if you need to.
hiking is a great hobby that gets you out in nature. new paths to explore and the wonders of mother nature will keep your hobby interesting. take a friend, make a picnic lunch, and then hike to a private place to eat.
talk to others that share your interests. not everyone out there will have the same interests as you. when friends and family are tired of hearing about your hobby – meet new people who share your interest. there are many ways to connect with others that share your passion in online groups.
keep your hobby in perspective. it’s good to enjoy a hobby, but you have to be sure you’re tending to your life as well. if you find that your hobby is interfering with your responsibilities, it might be time to cut down.
don’t allow your hobby to distract you from the more important things in life. it’s good to enjoy a hobby, but you have to be sure you’re tending to your life as well. whenever you discover your hobby is causing you to neglect the responsibilities you have, whether it is to your family, friends, pets, or work, then you should reduce the time you spend participating in this hobby. if that is not possible, you may should quit this hobby and find another one.
depending on where you live, an excellent hobby may be cave hunting. you must prepare yourself for this activity and be familiar with what you have to do. having a guide can help you stay safe while exploring the caves in your area.
what can you create which is unique and profitable? do you have skills that other people don’t have? you could make a hobby of doing something unusual that other people are unaware of. this is the proper way to begin.
you may find browsing through garage sales an interesting hobby to have. there are many excellent items available at these sales. plenty of household items along with art can be excellent finds of some value. really, it can be just about anything, and that’s what makes it cool.
if you travel a lot, consider starting a collection of some item from your travels to bring back with you after the trips are done. you might choose to collect items like spoons, pottery, postcards or even wine. not only will you have a great collection, but you will have memories of your trips.
gaming online is a popular hobby that a lot people choose to be involved with. the current games are so realistic, it is not hard to get lost in the alternate reality. gaming online is a great way to spend time during the day.
think about taking up collecting as a new and rewarding hobby. the internet has unlimited information about what things are worth, so you can collect the things that will result in the highest return. look into ebay and other such sites, and sell your items to the highest bidder!
how about getting outside and riding your bike? no matter what time of year it is, hobby riders discover new trails. if you dress properly, you can ride bikes all year. with so many health benefits, this is truly an exceptional hobby to enjoy.
it is possible to bring your mom in on a new hobby! the two of you could attend a cooking class. neither one of you need to be a great cook to gain benefits from learning about cooking. build your relationship while you build your skills in the kitchen. go online to find cooking classes in your area.
collecting seashells can be an enjoyable hobby, and it will allow you to form memories of the vacations you have. this collection will not only make a cool display for your home, but allow you a teaching opportunity with your children about ocean animals.
bring someone along with you as you enjoy your hobby. even if you’re just working with them a few times a month, this makes you take some time to do your hobby. doing this will also strengthen the bonds you have with those you share your time and interests with.
do not start a hobby that is too expensive. golf is fun, for example, but it requires a lot of money to play consistently. deep sea fishing and car collecting are two other expensive hobbies. hobbies such as these can be quite costly. budget wisely, and use that to select what hobbies to take up.
try taking up fitness as a hobby. this hobby can actually include many different activities. you can take up a sport or just join a gym. think about using the pool regularly. fitness affects you every day of your life.
if you have too many books, take them to a second-hand store. this will help you to empty out the bookshelf and receive some money to use toward new books, too. this hobby is great for relaxing, and something that anyone can enjoy doing.
becoming a sports fan, whether it be basketball, football, baseball or even tennis, can become a fun hobby. if you want to get a lot out of this then you’ll have to learn some of the basics of the game and the team playing it. make sure that you actually like watching the sport you pick. this is a terrific pastime during the season, and it is also possible to make great friends this way.
why do you need to pick out a hobby? psychological research has shown that hobby participation boosts feelings of both pleasure and self-esteem. getting involved in things you enjoy doing are going to make you feel great about living your life. hobbies can also help reduce the amount of stress you are under.
one great hobby is woodworking. it’s an excellent pastime. you can also use what you make as gifts or in your house. make your own furniture to save money, or sell it as a means of secondary income.
be sure to check out all safety guidelines when partaking in your hobby. make sure you carefully read directions of anything you are going to use. have the hobby area organized and always clean after each session. look for an experienced hobbyist who can teach you. your hobby will provide many years of pleasure if you do it with safety in mind.
you now probably know what hobbies are able to add to your everyday life. we hope the information presented here will help you find a new hobby or enjoy your existing hobby even more. hobbies don’t have to take all of your money or your time.
think of what you find interesting that you should do as a hobby. make a list of things that you enjoy to help you decide on the hobby that is right for you. for instance, if you’re a movie buff, then you may want to start making movies or start a club that watches films.


comments off on everything you should know about your hobby
filed under having fun
tagged as fun hobby





		february 4, 2017 · 3:00 pm	
tips and strategies on how to get the right jewelry 

 jewelery helps you show your feelings to the people who count on you. even a modest gift of jewelry will always be remembered and loved. the following article will give you some insight about jewelry, whether you are thinking of buying some as a gift or purchasing a special piece for yourself.
take care when you are storing your jewelry in the same place. it’s better to keep pieces separate by using boxes, holders, hooks and other containers. resist the urge to jumble all your pieces together in one box or basket. this can damage fragile jewelry, and make it difficult to find the necklace you want because it’s tangled with other pieces.
avoid using harmful substances like bleach, ammonia, acetone, turpentine and the like to clean them. this can dull your stones and eat away their enamel.
bring a magnet when shopping for sterling silver jewelery. you can detect fake sterling silver with the magnet, since non-precious metals are drawn to magnets. if your silver is sterling, you will also notice a mark on the piece. this mark might state .925, sterling, or ster. if there is no hallmark, the piece is probably not authentic and may, indeed, be counterfeit.
quality jewelry
when shopping for diamonds, it’s best to comparison shop. take a close look at a truly top notch diamond, and then hold everything else you consider to that standard. however, be mindful that there are fraudulent ways to make the diamond look better than it is.
jewelry should last for years to come. when you are ready to chose your next selection of jewelry, make sure you find a reputable dealer that will make sure that you find a high-quality piece. high-quality jewelry can be told by its superior craftsmanship and good manufacture. the jeweler must be able to provide a history of the piece. this will tell you who made the piece, and where the components came from. this way, you can ensure you are paying a fair price. you’ll create an heirloom tomorrow if you choose high-quality jewelry today.
be sure to at least inquire about the insurance that is available when you buy jewelry from a reputable jeweler. then, you will have peace of mind knowing it can be fixed or replaced if anything happens. some jewelers will offer insurance on jewelry that might have been stolen or lost.
pay attention if they usually wear studs or hoop earrings, white gold or yellow, and any other typical jewelry that they wear. noticing these things lets you choose jewelry more suited to their tastes.
find out what the ideal methods are for maintaining each piece of jewelry you own. various settings, types of metals, and gemstones need different types of care to protect them and make sure they get cleaned properly. a jewelry cleaner that is safe for one type of gemstone may damage another kind. ask a jeweler when you do not know how to take care of your jewelry. 
always check with your jeweler about insurance policy options before buying anything. many stores offer a policy where you can bring broken or damaged jewelry back to the original jeweler for repair at little to no cost. many jewelers also have insurance for lost or stolen pieces.
keep your jewelry unsoiled by only putting it on after all of your makeup has been applied. the dust, oils and particles from makeup rub off on jewelry; putting on jewels first means they will get dingy and dull with a film of makeup over them. it is especially important to follow this tip for necklaces and earrings.
keep your jewelry free of tarnish to make it look its best. keep your jewelry away from water. a lot of metals will rust, tarnish or dull when they come in contact with water. clear nail polish, applied in a thin coat, can give jewelry some added protection.
if you are trying to sell jewelry on the internet, make sure that you present it in an attractive way. this is very important since customers cannot handle the jewelry in an online transaction. make sure the background behind the jewelry in the photograph is bland and boring, so as not to distract the viewer’s attention away from the piece itself.
costume jewelry
take the time to shop at several different stores, both online and offline, when considering a diamond jewelry purchase. every diamond is unique, and there will always be tiny flaws. some flaws may not seem that critical to you when you see the diamond in person. depending on the number and types of flaws in a diamond, jewelers may be somewhat flexible in pricing the piece. look around and you’re sure to find the perfect diamond for you, at a price you can live with.
it’s great that you love costume jewelry, but make sure you evaluate the condition of any piece you plan to buy. costume jewelry make good investments and they can be costly, but an item that shows major signs of usage will be a poor investment of your time and money. pieces that are in great shape will fetch you better prices down the road, should you choose to sell them.
if you’re giving a special person in your life a present, you should consider buying a jewelry set. many jewelers offer deals on jewelry sets. split the set for a loved one for every upcoming holiday. this ensures that you will have a lovely gift that is sure to match and be cherished.
try out the jewelery by wearing it for a period of time, like a day, so you can see whether it’s uncomfortable or doesn’t hang as well as you hoped. this will also let you know how the piece holds up in every day environments.
don’t swim while wearing your jewelry. the life and luster of your jewelry can be damaged by the strong chemical chlorine. likewise, salt water can also damage your jewelry. by taking your jewelry off of your body before swimming, you will be protecting it from the harsh chlorine and salt.
this includes steam and dry saunas. significant damage can occur to the piece because of the high moisture and high temperatures.
use decorative robe hooks to prevent your necklaces from becoming tangled and knotted. try hanging the hooks on the wall in your bedroom or on the back of the door, then put all your necklaces on them in the fashion that works for you. doing this will keep your jewelry from getting all balled up in the bottom of your jewelry box.
to conveniently hang your necklaces, try using robe hooks. install the hooks in a row on a wall or closet door, and use them to organize your necklaces by style, color, length or any other system that works for you. if done right, this will have a nice appearance and prevent the jewelry box tangles necklaces are prone to.
if you do decide to purchase an expensive item of jewelry, try to choose a piece that won’t become outdated and can be worn for years ahead. this goes not only for the quality of the piece but also the style of it. although something may be in style now, it may seem tacky after a few years. choose a piece that has classic lines and timeless style.
when you set out to buy jewelry, buy a piece because you love it, not because of who makes it. nobody will realize where this piece came from, and the seller may sell the piece at a higher price because of this brand. you can find excellent quality from many different brands.
you can earn a little cash from your solid gold necklaces and bracelet without selling them. a few inches clipped off the end of the chain can be valuable, but still leaves you with a usable piece. by clipping a little off of several chains you can make several hundred dollars.
the increasing cost of purchasing gold can be a hindrance to owning that piece you really desire. it is possible to save extra money when you compromise on karats, if gold necklaces or rings are what your heart truly desires. 18 karat gold is a popular option, being 75% pure the quality, as well as the price makes it an attractive choice for those in the market to purchase gold.
it can be hard to properly display the jewelry that you have made to sell at holiday sales, craft sales and flea markets. consider the look of your displays when shopping for materials to use in your jewelry creations. nearly any type of display, box or case may make a good jewelry stand, if you put in a bit of work.
if you’re going to wear gaudy jewelry, don’t wear a gaudy outfit to match. instead of this, you should wear a classic black dress or some other solid clothing item that can clearly highlight your particular jewelry piece.
a beautiful, but quite often overlooked gemstone, is alexandrite. this stone actually changes color, depending on the natural light. alexandrite is most often used in earrings, pendants and rings.
if you are a jewelery artist that is looking for a way to display your art at the craft fair, this is where you need to look! you may be able to purchase something where you buy your other materials. all kinds of racks, baskets, cigar-boxes and even oddball things like wig stands can be transformed into jewelry display cases with just a little creativity!
to keep the setting in good shape, clean it with a cloth that is just a little damp. to dry the piece, use a dry soft cloth. because of this less secure setting, never use chemicals or steam to clean your costume jewelry.
as this article mentioned, jewelry makes the ideal gift for many occasions. even a small jewelry item can have great meaning to the recipient. you must also learn how to care for the jewelry that you own yourself. use the tips written here to help you in all aspects of your jewelry use.
if you want to sell some jewelery, take it to a gemologist or a reputable appraiser. you will get the most accurate quote this way, and it will help you figure out the price you want once you put it up for sale.


comments off on tips and strategies on how to get the right jewelry
filed under having fun
tagged as costume jewelry, quality jewelry





		january 30, 2017 · 2:01 pm	
helpful hints to increase your success at fishing 

 most fishermen love using any spare time they have to do a little fishing. it’s a fun way to relax but everyone can use some advice. make the next fishing adventure even more satisfying by applying the following advice.
you should wear sunscreen every time you go fishing, even when the day is not very warm outside. water can have a stronger effect with the reflection on the water, producing a painful sunburn for you, if you are not protected.
be careful when you wade through water. when wading, walk carefully and slowly. being too noisy will scare fish away, and sound can travel farther under water. due to this, try hard to move as slow as possible and not move anything at the bottom of the river.
always know how much weight your boat can safely hold before heading out on the water. this can be a deadly mistake if you are in deep water and the boat capsizes. keep your load to a weight which is far from the capacity of the boat to ensure you stay safe on the water.
if you plan to fish from a boat, remember to keep safety first. the floor of the boat should be kept dry at all times. the last thing that you will want to do when fishing is trip or fall, as you may have sharp objects around you. dry the surface with a towel or mop prior to going into the water.
knowing what you’re doing is the only way for a beginner to succeed. make sure you do your research before your first caste. there are many books, blogs and online articles which can help you gain knowledge. with this knowledge in hand, you’ll be able to catch lots of fish.
if your favorite lure suddenly seems to be losing fish, you should take a look at your hooks. it is common for fishermen to forget that older hooks may have become dull or twisted, making catches much harder to achieve. therefore, switching the hooks is a simple method of ensuring that your lures are set as quickly and cleanly as possible.
when you’re attaching a hook or a lure to your line, it’s best to use an improved clinch knot. take hold of the end of your hook, and slide the line tip through it. then make several turns over the line, preferably five, and pass the end into the eye and coil. tighten the knot by slipping the line through the loop and tugging gently on its end.
always fish responsibly. do what you can to preserve the surrounding environment when you fish. avoid causing any litter if you have any consumable items. look into any regulations regarding the amount of fish you are allowed to catch, and follow them. any fish that is too small to eat should be let go.
it is important to learn how to set a hood while fishing. although it is absolutely critical when you go lure fishing, setting your hooks well is important for every kind of fishing. you will be severely disappointed if you finally get a bite, and it turns to disaster because of a hook that was not properly set.
take precaution when you fish on or near the bank because you don’t want to light anything on fire. many people smoke and fish at the same time; make sure your cigarette or the lighter doesn’t catch anything on fire. although the bank may not actually be wet, surrounding areas could be set on fire easily.
you must know what kind of fish you want to go for and the bait you need to catch them. catfish like to eat raw chicken livers while bream eat crickets or other insects. if you’re not using the correct type of bait, you’re not going to catch very much.
it is vital that you know the kind of fish that you are trying to catch. it is also important to know the type of bait that they are attracted to. for example, catfish like chicken liver and bream fish like bugs. if you don’t use the right bait for the kind of fish you’re attempting to catch, odds are you won’t be successful.
knowing the weather before you leave for your trip can dictate how many fish you catch. don’t ever head out for a day of fishing without checking the weather first. you ought to look at the weather a week ahead of time, as well as on the day leading up to the trip. if you are in for bad weather, you may want to reschedule.
if you choose to utilize a net to bring your fish into the boat, it is best to capture the fish head first. a fish that goes into your net head first will thrash less, decreasing the odds of it escaping. usually, you should only net a fish if you absolutely have to.
keeping your cool is important when you have a major catch on your line and it is doing its best to escape. don’t reel in the fish while it’s swimming away. hang back and let your rod’s drag take care of the work for you. once you have the hook securely attached to the fish, start dragging. to maximize your success rate, simply angle the rod 45 degrees towards the water, and have it pointed at the fish.
fishing license
your lure needs to land as quietly as possible on the surface, so learn different types of casts that work in different situations. if you make a lot of noise, the fish will be scared away, which completely ruins the purpose of casting the rod altogether. you can do this by casting your rod with your wrist.
make sure that you figure out what fishing license you should have before you head out to go fishing. this is important to obtain, as different states and counties have different regulations when it comes to fishing. fishing licenses vary from state-to-state in the us. you have a choice of a one day fishing license or one that lasts a full year.
when fishing for bass, the critical thing is the lure. go for the lure that fits the circumstances and the location. a different lure should be used, based on when and where you are fishing. each lure is designed to bait a specific bass and is to be used in a specific location. as you begin to use different lures, you will find out which works the best for you.
never forget to check the weather forecast prior to going on a fishing adventure. certain weather conditions are better than others for fishing. overcast weather is the best time for fishing. this isn’t to say that you won’t catch anything on a sunny day, however, overcast conditions tend to be better.
go by your fishing expedition despite not catching a lot of fish. when it comes to fishing you have to remember to remain patient. stay for at least 30 minutes in any given area before giving up totally on it. many factors can affect the quality of fishing in a particular area–water movement, time of day, sunlight, etc.
fishers should consider lunar phases when deciding when, and where, to fish. usually, the best times to fish are during a full moon. you will also be more visible to the fish, so be prepared.
when bass fishing, in particular, it is important to learn the water. develop a feeling for the parts of the stream or pond that the bass frequent most often. become familiar with the hour at which you are most likely to find them there. timing, in fact, is one of the most important skills you can learn when fishing for bass.
if you know how to tie a few basic knots, it will help a lot while fishing. the correct knotting knowledge will keep your hook on the line when you land a fish. proper knots will also allow you to make equipment alterations easily. after a little practice, you should be a natural at tying and untying secure, neat knots.
make sure you take the time to educate yourself on cleaning a fish the right way. all you need is a small, sharp knife and a table to cut on. cut an incision on the belly, from the head to the tail. cut its head as you pull out its organs in the opposite direction. the result should be an open, clean fish.
don’t purchase costly equipment while learning to fish. buying an expensive rod will only cost you a ton of money, and beginners are apt to break their rod and the cost of replacement will be ridiculously high. buy a medium priced one and upgrade as your love for the sport develops.
you should check out local bait shops, and local fishermen, when you come to a new area for the fishing. be friendly, and nice and buy from the local shops, even if you have enough supplies and don’t really need anything. if you seem interested in the area, locals will be happy to talk to you. you may find yourself the recipient of some valuable advice, or possibly even an invitation to join them for a few hours.
as you fish, make sure that you stay well hydrated. to ensure that you stay hydrated, drink plenty of water throughout the day. dehydration can cause sudden dizziness which could result in you falling into the water. staying hydrated will help protect you from drowning.
prepare yourself with knowledge regarding your choice catch before heading out the door. if you want to catch a fish, you need to be able to predict its behavior. while a fish is not the most intelligent creature, they are also not totally dumb. do your research prior to a fishing trip in order to achieve better chances!
cleaning a fish is really simple. necessary tools include a cutting surface and a small knife. slice the fish’s belly from head to tail. then cut the head. after that pull the head and the organs at the same time but in opposite directions. you’ll have an open and clean fish as a result.
just because a fish is bigger does not mean it’s better to keep it. when fishing, the larger fish are not necessarily going to be the ones that make a great meal, so you should return them back to the water. this is because they may have collected more contaminants, which would make them pretty unhealthy for you to eat.
fishing can help you relax and enjoy your time as well as the outdoors. regardless of how long you have been involved with fishing, tips and tricks are always useful to receive. put what you have learned here to good use, the next time you go fishing.
when taking children fishing, make sure you purchase fishing equipment that is designed for children. a fishing rod should not be any taller than the child is.


comments off on helpful hints to increase your success at fishing
filed under having fun
tagged as catch anything, fishing adventure, fishing license





		january 25, 2017 · 8:14 am	
enjoy a hot, delicious pot of coffee 

 there are few things more pleasurable than an excellent cup of coffee. brewing coffee is more than just a skill, it is an art form. the good news is you can become a coffee expert, too. use the tips laid out here to brew better coffee or to get better at it.
investing some money into your coffee and coffee accessories can really make a huge difference in the overall taste of your coffee. you really do get what’s paid for when purchasing coffee, so splurge a little. skimping on the quality of your coffee will always lead to a disappointing beverage.
diabetics and dieters find that adding natural stevia to their coffee is a great replacement for sugar. stevia is a plant-based product that adds sweetness without introducing additional glucose. you can find it at most grocery stores.
after purchasing coffee beans, wait until you’re ready to brew a pot of coffee before you grind them. coffee might lose its flavor when you store the ground up coffee. don’t grind your coffee too far ahead of time or you’ll soon be enjoying very weak coffee.
as long as you properly drink coffee, it’s actually healthy. it is not the coffee that is bad for you, but all of the cream and sugar that most people add to their coffee. for a healthier alternative, try some almond milk in your latte, with stevia or honey as sweeteners.
do you enjoy serving coffee to your guests? adding designs to your lattes is a great way to step up your after-dinner coffee service. you just need a little time to start achieving floral and heart designs that will delight guests. it is best to practice with melted chocolate mixed with milk, after a while you will be making neat designs like a pro.
are you happy with the coffee made with your drip coffee maker? if not, try allowing the machine to get warm by just putting water inside. once you heat up the water, start over with your coffee grounds. this is also a good way to clean your machine.
do not reheat coffee that has been brewed already. doing so does not release harmful chemicals, as the old wives’ tale states. coffee that is old or has been reheated may end up losing it’s original composition, resulting in decreased flavor. your coffee may come bitter, acidic, or weak.
take note of the water you’re using to brew your coffee. poor quality water will make your coffee taste lousy. look for a water that features a mineral count. if it does not have minerals, the coffee might taste bitter.
try to avoid coffee grounds that have been grown around pesticides. coffee takes its flavor mostly from whatever area where it was grown. organic coffee will usually have a much better flavor than non-organic coffee.
when buying coffee grounds, inspect the packaging to ensure that they are pesticide-free. the elements your coffee beans were exposed to while growing will play a big part in the final flavor of your brew. organically grown coffee is going to naturally taste the best when you brew it.
test out your coffee maker before actually brewing any coffee. what that means is using water and running it as if you were really making coffee. by cycling water through your machine, you will clean out any dust or dirt that got into the machine during manufacturing and transport.
freezing things can usually preserve them for a long time, but coffee should only be frozen for no more than three months. storing coffee in the freezer for any longer will decrease the quality of the coffee.
always use an airtight container when storing coffee in a refrigerator. if the container is not sufficiently airtight, the odors from the fridge will be absorbed into the coffee. if your storage container is not airtight, your coffee can also get contaminated by moisture.
many people want to reduce their sugar intake. never fear, it’s easy to do that with coffee. agave nectar still contains sugar, but will not negatively effect diabetic blood sugar control. some low calorie sweeteners like stevia or splenda stay stable when added to hot liquids and can be safely be used in coffee as well.
if your coffee machine is a bit outdated, this trick will more than make up for it. before you start to brew coffee, simply brew a whole pot of water. when the pot of water is hot, put in your grounds and pour the water into the machine. by doing this, you get the most flavor from your coffee grounds.
utilize the purest water in order to obtain the best brew from your coffee beans. keep in mind that every substance that goes into the brew will come out in the final taste. therefore, bottled, distilled, or filtered water that comes from the tap can give you incredible cups of coffee.
it is not necessary to keep coffee in your freezer. coffee can absorb the smells and flavors of other foods nearby. the ideal container to hold coffee is one that is sealed and clear. it should be stored at room temperature. also, you can opt to put your coffee in a freezer bag if you really want to freeze it.
before you buy a coffee maker, make sure that is uses grinding burrs that are either conical or flat. these types of grinders minimize the amount of heat generated. less heat means your coffee tastes better. grinders with blades are inconsistent. these tend to get too hot, running the risk of burnt beans.
if you want to keep the best coffee in bulk, keep the beans fresh. fresh beans tend to pick up other flavors and their own flavor is lost if exposed to heat or light. keep your coffee beans in an opaque, air-tight container.
if you need to reduce the amount of caffeine you consume, you do not have to quit cold turkey. you can make “semi-coffee” through a brew that is ground with equal parts decaf and standard beans. if your coffee is already ground, use half parts of each.
to get great coffee while also assisting third-world countries, think about buying fair trade products. this is expensive but has a much higher quality for you to serve to your family. in addition, you will have the peace of mind that comes with knowing that you are helping a small farm in a developing country compete with the big corporations.
if you like to drink coffee in various flavors, buy creamers or syrups to add after the coffee is brewed. this ensures that you get the cleanest and purest brew from your coffee machine. it will also be easier to offer a variety of flavors to guests. add the flavors before milk, so they will dissolve completely.
you can cut down on how much caffeine you consume without going cold turkey. you can ween yourself off of it by mixing regular beans with decaf beans. when using pre-ground coffee, simply use an equal amount of each kind in the coffee maker.
iced coffee
when making iced coffee at home, do not use the traditional method of simply making the coffee and pouring it over ice cubes. just adding ice to coffee produces a watery coffee drink. rather, brew your coffee and pour it into ice cube trays and freeze. after they’re frozen, you can remove them and let them melt.
if you want iced coffee, don’t just pour coffee over ice cubes. your coffee will become diluted and watered down. rather, brew your coffee and pour it into ice cube trays and freeze. once they are frozen, they are ideal for iced coffee, adding flavor as they melt.
are you trying to cut down on your sugar intake but still like some sweetness in your coffee. warm a little milk and add this to your coffee. warm milk will give you the sweetness that you desire without the high level of sugar. it is healthier to use warm milk instead of sugar and cream.
coffee can aid you in that fat burning process if you don’t add any junk to it such as sugar. by putting sugar in coffee it cancels out the fat burning properties. drink some black coffee before eating your breakfast. by doing this, you should have the ability to manage your weight.
use cold water only if you use a drip coffee machine. never use warm or hot water in drip style coffee pots. as the coffee brews, the water is heated. if you start with hot water, you will probably burn the coffee. this will cause your coffee to be bitter and could also be a safety hazard.
liven up any cup of coffee by using flavorings and sweeteners. instead of using regular white sugar, try brown sugar or raw sugar. vanilla, nutmeg, cocoa, and cinnamon all mix well with coffee as well. it is always possible to use almond, soy and rice milks in coffee instead of traditional milk and creamer.
ask family and friends for suggestions. maybe someone you know has tried a blend you are interested in. ask them what’s good and what they drink. ask to try new flavors when visiting friends and they offer you a cup of coffee.
take the coffee pot out of the coffee maker once it is done brewing. a coffee pot left on its maker will continue to cook, ruining the flavor. if you don’t plan to drink all of the coffee at once, then store it in a container with insulation.
invest in a coffee maker that multitasks. you will appreciate this machines other functions. find one with a timer so your coffee is ready in the morning. you will accomplish multiple tasks in this way. and you are sure to find your coffee much more enjoyable when you do not have to brew it right after you stumble out of bed.
do you like milk within your coffee? you can use milk in several ways. for a different texture, try warming or frothing the milk up before you put it in your coffee. the quantity of milk you add to your coffee can be varied for different flavors.
if you have trouble sleeping at night, cut off your coffee drinking before 3pm. coffee contains caffeine, which can keep you awake too long. try using 3 p.m. as the last time you have any coffee, and explore what helps you sleep the best.
freeze leftover coffee to maximize your overall investment. these coffee cubes can be added to iced coffee drinks to give a flavor boost as the ice dissolves. they also are a great way to add a coffee flavor to mixed drinks.
how long you brew your coffee will impact the final flavor. full-bodied coffee should brew somewhere between four and five minutes. coffee that is not brewed long enough can be weak, and if brewed too long, it can taste bitter.
given the proper knowledge, anyone can manage to create a great tasting cup of coffee. the information shared here will make the best of your knowledge and better your coffee-making experience. in time you’ll perfect your brew to get the perfect coffee.
do not grind your coffee beans until you want to make coffee. coffee begins to lose flavor once ground. be sure the grinder you use has a blade. you will not only get a higher yield, but the grounds will be less powdery, and powdery grounds can make unsavory or bitter coffee.


comments off on enjoy a hot, delicious pot of coffee
filed under having fun
tagged as coffee beans, coffee maker, drink coffee, fat burning, iced coffee



← older posts








search for:



  recent posts 

get the most out of your video games with all these great suggestions


how to sew christmas place mats


tips to give you a successful fishing trip


fishing tips that will change your life!


coffee tips: learn all you need to know


recent commentsarchives 
september 2017
march 2017
february 2017
january 2017
december 2016
november 2016
october 2016
september 2016
august 2016
july 2016
june 2016
may 2016
april 2016
march 2016
february 2016
january 2016
december 2015
november 2015
october 2015
september 2015
august 2015
july 2015
june 2015
may 2015
april 2015
march 2015
february 2015
january 2015
december 2014
november 2014

categories 
having fun

stuff

your health

your home

your money


meta 
log in
entries rss
comments rss
wordpress.org 
 





new orleans · 				

proudly powered by wordpress
					·
					theme: pilcrow by automattic.				












