

























	radon mitigation & radon testing in des moines, ia. iowa radon experts











covid-19: radon testing and mitigations are considered essential services because people spending more time in their homes exposes them to greater amounts of radon. professional house doctors and our employees are taking this risk very seriously and continue to make the  health and safety of our customers our top priority.  we are requiring all employees to refrain from handshakes, to respect social distancing and to wear face coverings at all possible times. in addition to following cdc guidelines, our precautionary measures to reduce the spread of the virus help us to serve you safely. thank you for your understanding.

pay invoice now








(515) 278-1884
     


 #1 radon company in iowa
 oldest & most experienced
 best radon guarantee & longest warranty
 free information & estimates
 us epa consultants






menu



 home
radon mitigation & removal
radon testing
radon systems
radon questions

what is radon?
is radon a gas?
how do i test for radon?
how do i know if radon is in my home?
what is a radon mitigation/removal system?
why are radon levels so high in iowa?
what levels of radon are safe?
how do i become exposed to radon?
can i test for radon myself?
how do i read my radon test results?
how do i protect my family from radon?
can radon be removed from my house?
what does radon removal cost?
more questions »


about us
links
contact us
radon blog











new blog post!did you know that iowa is the worst state in the country for radon? read our latest blog as we discuss how radon impacts iowans.iowa's radon experts!trust us to handle all of your radon needs. we are the oldest and most experienced radon company in iowa!radon is radiation!there are no safe levels of radiation, so the higher your radon level, the greater your risk. test - fix - save a life!









radon gas testing, mitigation, and removal



                
                professional house doctors, inc.® has been family owned and operated since 1982. we are america's leading certified specialists in residential, multi-family, and commercial radon services. we are the oldest and most experienced radon company in the united states. although we are located in the des moines metro, we service all of iowa. if you have any questions about your service area, please give us a call.
  100% success rate
  100% customer satisfaction
  certified professional radon testing specialists
  certified professional radon mitigation contractors
  professional certified radon inspectors
  consultants to the united states environmental protection agency (epa)
  certified radon instructors and expert trial witnesses




no one knows radon better than professional house doctors, inc.®







what are the health effects of radon?
learn more »


what are the radon levels in iowa?
learn more »


how does radon enter your home?
learn more »


why are we the best radon mitigation company?
learn more »











need radon testing or radon mitigation?











order your do-it-yourself radon gas test kit!





radon is a gas that causes lung cancer.





questions? click here to contact j.b."the radon man" today!









edit page







no one knows radon better than professional house doctors, inc.®
questions? please do not hesitate to contact us. radon is our life, we love to talk about radon and to help in any way we can.






"we just had j.b. and crew install radon mitigation in our home, because we were so happy with their work in our previous home. so professional and thorough and easy to work with. gives us peace of mind. thanks again!" - louise d.
view more client testimonials»






























































thank you to the thousands of families and clients that have trusted us over the last 30 plus years to bring them the very best radon testing and mitigation services available.
thank you for making us #1 and allowing us to earn a living doing what we love!






professional house doctors, inc.®
3020 48th street
                            des moines, ia 50310
(515) 278-1884





home
radon testing
radon mitigation & removal
common radon questions
radon systems
about us
links
contact us





                            professional house doctors, inc.® and saving lives... one house at a time®  are registered trademarks. all rights reserved. copyright © 2025.
                            responsive web development by iowa web development. web hosting by hostiowa.net. 
                            	iowa radon services. site map. site map.








processing ...








 









