








fire department | plymouth wisconsin



























skip to main content












 

  
 
ice shack is open
 
 
 




navigation














 




home
contact us
 


 




communityabout our region
resident info
doing business
municipal cemeteries
notification subscriptions
generations
voter information
yard waste
our strategic plan

departmentsassessor
boards and commissions
building inspection - zoning
city hall
common council
fire department
human resources
library
parks
plymouth utilities
police department
public works

resourcesagendas & minutes
bids & rfps
calendar
doing business
employment
forms directory
key documents directory
monthly newsletter
municipal codes
news
voter information
employee email access
submit non-emergency issue

how do i...contact the city
make a payment
notification subscriptions
utility customer self service (report outage, start/stop service, and more)

 



 






search form

search website 





 











 

fire department 







mission
the mission of the plymouth fire department is to protect the lives and property of its citizens and visitors, without prejudice or favoritism, from natural or man-made hazards and medical emergencies through prevention, education, and intervention.
vision statement:
plymouth fire department officers and members will display professionalism and serve with dedication. we will speak to others with respect while not being undermining. we will welcome other's opinions and ideas. we will make well informed decisions to do our job with clear direction. we will be united together in meeting our vision. 
about
plymouth fire department (pfd) is a single entity that provides fire, rescue, emergency medical services (ems), and all other emergency services to both the city and town of plymouth, wisconsin.  the chief is the sole full-time employee. all other department members are 'paid per call', with minimal compensation for time spent during emergencies and training. this means that when pfd is dispatched to an incident, all available members respond to the station from their homes, places of work, or wherever they may be. 
orange cross ambulance service is the primary emergency medical services (ems) provider for the city and town of plymouth. however, the fire department also maintains an ambulance service licensed at the advanced emt level, which is placed on stand-by when all orange cross units are busy. our ambulance is also used at incidents to provide care for emergency responders as well as at contracted events. over half of our members are licensed ems members.
burn permit
updated 2024: burn permits are no longer required for the city of plymouth. a yearly burn permit is required for any resident wishing to burn within the town of plymouth, including recreational campfires and one-time brush burning. the form and fee can be filled out at the town hall.

supporting documents medical privacy policy (126 kb) web linksroad america donation firefighter trainingplymouth firefighter training recruiting 

 







 







 fire  

 





from the chief's deskfire department resourcesfire department by-lawsfire department formsreportspersonnelvolunteer firefighter application 



contact information





 chief: ryan pafford
rpafford@plymouthfd.com
assistant chief, ems and safety: jason mccoy  
jmccoy@plymouthfd.com
assistant chief, training and operations : mike birschbach     
mbirschbach@plymouthfd.com
plymouth fire department
111 main st. p.o. box 294
plymouth, wi 53073
officer number
phone: 920-893-1331
general email: chief@plymouthfd.com
 
 
  
 view full contact details  

 


 





 
















home
staff login
accessibility







128 smith street | plymouth, wi 53073 | (920) 893‑1271






a municode design 


 


 



