




lin's antiques







 


             

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 

 lin’s antiques and
collectibles

linda & roger suddeth

beaver dam, ky   42320

 
 
 e-mail us:    


                                          alternate e-mail address








kimball victorian reproductions sofa and two chairs.

holiday shoppe: 
eisenberg ice,
christmas all other,
ornaments, 
lights.


eisenberg ice.

mccoy: cookie jars, 
dinnerware: (brown drip).

frankoma.

for the ladies: 
gloves stockings & etc., 
jewelry: (10k or 14k gold, 
sterling silver, 
vintage signed, vintage unsigned), vintage handkerchiefs: (floral, 
lots/groups, 
monogram, 
state/souvenir, 
weddings/white), 
vintage hats.



be sure to visit the 
inventory reduction category 
-- we've added new items and reduced prices further on existing items!

 

policy 
regarding evaluations and appraisals.



 

welcome to lin’s 
antiques and collectibles!

we are an 
exclusively online shop with an emphasis on mccoy pottery, eisenberg ice 
jewelry, and vintage handkerchiefs. this is our twenty second year as an online 
business and it has been a very wonderful experience! we have "met" many 
terrific new friends.

we are avid 
collectors and dealers of mccoy pottery as evidenced by our large mccoy 
inventory. due to customer requests, we have expanded our inventory to include 
other potteries such as shawnee and frankoma.

our jewelry 
inventory includes a large selection of eisenberg ice, marked/signed jewelry, 
unmarked jewelry, and some very nice gold and silver jewelry!

we have a very 
large inventory of vintage linens and vintage hankies – including one of the 
largest inventories of vintage state souvenir hankies on the internet. 


our hankies have 
been featured in “country living” magazine, boston public (television show), and 
we have been a major supplier of vintage hankies and vintage linens to my 
vintage baby. we also provided a custom order of vintage hankies for a wedding 
featured in an issue of “martha stewart weddings” magazine!  

while we have the 
majority of our inventory listed here at our website, our entire inventory is 
listed at our shop on 



cyberattic.


please come in 
and look around.  we hope you enjoy your visit!




© 1998 - 2024, lin's antiques and collectibles, all rights reserved.


