


bowdoin library
































skip to main content
















                            my accounts/renew
                        

compass
digital delivery and interlibrary loan









search the library website

search library site



search



 to search for articles, books, and other library material, please use compass.


















                                research
                            



research


help

research tips and tricks


evaluating sources
primary and secondary sources
scholarly vs. popular articles
steps in the research process


citing sources
citation style guides, when and how to cite, and citation management tools.
research by subject
find research resources by subject or course curated by bowdoin librarians.
research librarians by subject
get help with your research from a specialist
copyright
members of the college community are expected to follow the tenets of both u.s. copyright and policies governing copyright at bowdoin.



tools and resources



compass
search colby, bates, and bowdoin books; articles; audio and video; government documents — excludes newspapers by default
databases
specialized tools for finding articles, books, data, and more
government documents
federal and maine
george j. mitchell department of special collections & archives
rare books, manuscripts, college archives, and other primary materials documenting the history of bowdoin, maine, and beyond








                                services
                            


services



suggest a purchase
order forms
book a room or equipment
reserve a group study, media/screening room, media equipment
course adoptions
request course adoption books
reserves
place course material on reserve
reserve a study carrel
for honors and independent study students
data services
resources and staff support for data services in teaching and research
bowdoin digital delivery and interlibrary loan
request loan or digital delivery of non-bowdoin materials
research and instruction services
learn about our research and instruction program




library takeout
request materials from our collections and pick them up at the hawthorne-longfellow circulation desk
academic technology and consulting
 consultation and project support for faculty integration of technology in teaching, learning and research
accessibility services
support for accessibility of physical and electronic collections, services, spaces, and programs.


services for
students
faculty
guests







                                collections
                            


collections



george j. mitchell department of special collections & archives
rare books, manuscripts, college archives, and other primary materials documenting the history of bowdoin, maine, and beyond
government documents
the bowdoin library is an official depository for federal and state documents
digital collections & projects
a growing selection of digitized materials, including early college photographs and publications 
media commons
media collections, technology services and facilities to support viewing, creating and manipulating media
bowdoin digital collections
digitally published content created by the college's faculty, students, and administration. this growing resource includes faculty work, student honors projects, museum of art catalogs, bowdoin stories, and more.



branches
beckwith music library
hatch science library
pierce art library


floor directory
floor-by-floor descriptions of hawthorne-longfellow library and hatch library


collection development guidelines







                                about
                            



about the library


basics

staff directory
by department and name
hours
full hours for hawthorne-longfellow library and branches
location of hawthorne-longfellow library and branches
campus map with addresses and phone numbers
floor directory
floor-by-floor descriptions of hawthorne-longfellow library and hatch library
news and events
current and archived library news and events
exhibits
current and past library exhibits



policies and guidelines
loan periods
fines, lost items, billing
collection development guidelines
copyright guidance
food and beverages in the library
visitor information


inside the library
mission statement
organization chart
strategic priorities (pdf)
library timeline and current spaces
2020 vision: charting a path forward for the bowdoin college library (pdf) the report of the future of libraries at bowdoin working group (december 2019)
diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility (deia) work






ask us!















today's hours

a bowdoin id is required for entry to h-l, hatch, pierce, and beckwith libraries after 5:00 p.m.

view all hours


contact us

bowdoin college library
                            3000 college station
                            brunswick, me 04011-8421
                            207-725-3280
ask@bowdoin.libanswers.com


staff directory
research librarians by subject

visitor information


facebook


instagram








 hours and contact



bowdoin college library



have a question? need research assistance?















compass


course reserves

















search colby, bates, and bowdoin collections
select search scope

almost everything
cbb libraries - (e)books, films, recordings, and more
articles and more
special collections & archives
course reserves



advanced search
 
 
 
worldcat 


submit

















research by subject

find research resources by subject or course — curated by bowdoin librarians.



databases

find articles, streaming music and video, primary sources, images, and more.

                        



journals & newspapers

search for a journal, magazine, or newspaper title.


quick links



research help


book a room or equipment

library takeout

digital delivery and ill


citing sources


mainecat

digital access to current news









news & events







coming soon...
bowdoin digital collections is an institutional repository and digital archives platform administered by the library. 
it provides a place to collect, manage, and provide access to the digitally published scholarship of bowdoin faculty and students 
as well as materials held by special collections & archives.

















feb
13
thu


new book launch with tess chakkalakal


a matter of complexion, the life and fictions of charles w. chesnutt


     4:30 p.m. - nixon lounge, hawthorne-longfellow library.
     
     reception to follow.
    





	all news & events







new titles











top




research
services
about the library
collections




hours
library locations
staff directory





bowdoin college library
3000 college station
                        brunswick, me 04011-8421
                        207-725-3280
ask@bowdoin.libanswers.com



				campus map | 
				
				campus accessibility map



library facebook


library instagram



report a problem
bowdoin college homepage










