stratus data systems, inc.stratus data systemsabout ustestimonialscontact usabout ustestimonialsmaking real estate real stratus data systems crafts innovative and powerful solutions for real estate boards, brokerages and agents. our vision is to empower agents by facilitating client-centric interactions and elevating their role as the market expert.let us helpabout usstratus data systems, inc. has been designing and developing innovative technology to empower agents and their clients since 1999. for real estate boards and brokerages we provide secure mls services, data distribution, media management, secure authentication, mobile applications, marketing websites, advertising solutions and more! for real estate professionals and their clients we provide unparalleled collaboration tools enabling a modern, mobile first, client-centric communication interface; all while elevating your expertise with market insights, authoritative data and additional reports.innovativewe continually seek new and exciting ways to elevate the real estate buying and selling experience. our products are ever evolving and we believe that there is always room for improvement. customizablewe know it's more important than ever for brands to stand out from the crowd. our applications are designed to support custom board, office, team and agent branding out of the box.simpleintuitive, user-centric, design is our primary concern. we seek to simplify the day-to-day task of selling real estate properties and to help agents provide highly-personalized assistance to their clients.testimonials... a fantastic app and my clients love it. looking forward to seeing it evolve over time ...christine s. - real estate agentour sales associates are generating more leads. ... stratus mls is spectacular.kevin l. - real estate agentvery easy & informative. ... try it i strongly recommend.timothy j. - real estate agentgreat tool to communicate with my agent. easy to usejennifer h. - home buyerthank you its been really useful to me and my clients there very happy using it.ahmed m. - real estate agent100% real time listings unlike the 3rd party apps and great map features!ross m. - real estate agentcontact usemail address*your namephone numberemail addressquestion or comment*sendstratus data systemspo box 15457scottsdale, az 85267(800) 822-2588info@stratusdata.comtwitterfacebookâ© 2023 stratus data systems, inc.â·privacy