




bajadev




































toggle navigation


about us

products
pressit


services
desarrollo de aplicacionesmóviles y web

spanish
619 243 0841

 login










digital transformation
to compete in the era of digital transformation, the industry must be able to manage and analyze vast volumes of information at each stage of the manufacturing process, through the incorporation of industry 4.0 technologies.
learn more!...








application developmentmobile and web

                            we provide qualified services for web, android and ios application development using the most current in native and multiplatform technologies. we distinguish ourselves by incorporating agile models of software development
                            with a total quality approach in all our projects.

learn more!...








e-commerce solutions
our service and project management are offered by a team specialized in ecommerce, providing personalized solutions applied by us.
go direct!









the fastest technological solution for the attention of high risk situations.learn more...






previousnext












mobile



cloud



development






"experience in systems engineering environments,software development and systems integration"




mobile and web application development

            bajadev has extensive experience in systems development as well as software engineering. all our developments are characterized by incorporating total quality processes under an agile development model, ensuring the creation of optimal solutions
            with the participation of our clients in all their iterations.

all our projects are distinguished by:












100% functionalsolutions with theability to adapt to the workload.












all our designs are adapted according to the device in use (smartphone, tablet or desktop devices).











all processes are designed in a minimalist way so that their performance is fast and efficient.












all our systems implement access control and permissions as well as protection against malicious attacks from external users.









our process
with more than 15 years of experience, our process is designed to help our clients visualize, build and publish their solutions in an agile and fast way, exceeding their goals and expectations.



engineeringrequirements






design






constructionand development






release






technologies
we incorporate the most current and innovative technology and tools for web and mobile development (ios and android), we offer qualified services in the following technologies:







































our clients






about us
products
services
privacy policy

bajadev © 2021










