








home - springfield works - economic mobility










































skip to content
























 



our missionabout usour work overview cliff effect pilot community empowerment springfield parent connections two-generation / whole family approachnewsresources tools & resources data skillsmart childcare tips










 













working together to create pathways to opportunity







springfield works is














springfield works brings together service agencies, employers, policymakers, and residents for economic growth and opportunity in our western massachusetts community.






together, we are building a resilient, inclusive, and equitable economy in the greater springfield region.

















springfield works is a catalyst for meaningful change in our regional economy. we are a small team, organizing big coalitions.






we work with residents, employers, educators, and social service providers to bridge the gaps that are leaving workers and families behind. through targeted coordination we create the conditions for economic mobility and success. we have built a network of anchor institutions and partner organizations, all committed to addressing the decline in workforce participation and economic mobility and building a resilient and inclusive economy for everyone in the region.





















direct impactspringfield works provides the missing link of dedicated coordination among primary stakeholders, service providers, employers, and residents. this enhances community initiatives while directly improving the lives of program participants and providers.
 













capacity buildingwe leverage and build resources for a shared vision of economic prosperity, identifying and addressing resident and employer workforce needs. we are building networks, tools, and resources that empower the community and remove barriers to prosperity.
 













systems changeour work is shifting mindsets in how we build a strong economy. through policy advocacy and innovative programming addressing root causes, we are changing systems to better support the inclusive growth of our local economy and to address historical patterns of inequitable access to opportunity.
 

















recent updates













cliff effects / grants / healthcare / program updates

springfield works cliff pilot awarded $700,000 from the massachusetts community health and healthy aging funds




					september 19, 2024				










cliff effects / equitable economy / workforce

bridge to prosperity cliff pilot featured in the boston globe!




					august 2, 2024				










events / local economy / workforce

springfield works at the 2nd annual springfield school-to-career fair




					april 17, 2024				










cliff effects / events / program updates

springfield works and partners host cliff effect legislative briefing at the massachusetts statehouse




					april 4, 2024				










equitable economy / local economy / workforce

springfield works featured in 22 news infocus regional employment outlook segment!




					march 4, 2024				





















our origin story






originally funded by the federal reserve bank of boston’s working cities challenge grant in 2016, the western mass economic development council and community leaders established springfield works to build a coalition of cross-sector partners to create pathways to economic opportunities for low-income families. 
since 2017, springfield works has become a model of new ways to leverage resources for a shared vision of workforce development in our community. through its partnership with more than 40 diverse organizations, springfield works facilitates initiatives and creates innovative strategies to address inequities that have resulted from historical patterns of disinvestment and bias related to neighborhood, race and ethnicity, gender, and socio-economic status. 

















springfield works is a workforce innovator, what we create is designed to be shared and scalable.

















what are our partners saying?
















partner agencies
what has springfield works made possible that wasn't possible before?





"our relationship with sw has strengthened our connection to workforce development training programs and partners.""seeing some of the personal stories of peoples’ lives being changed because of the more all-inclusive approach of springfield works in addressing barriers in peoples’ lives. i don’t think that kind of life change was possible before with just one-off job training programs." 










springfield technical community college






“one of stcc’s goals is to become the premier technical community college in all of new england. i believe springfield works aligns closely with stcc’s technical mission through a mutual desire to support students as they transform their lives and develop not just job readiness skills, but grow into successful careers. the division of wfd will play an integral role in these outcomes.” 










workforce readiness participant






"not only has this experience shown me my self-worth and self-confidence, but also strategies in active relationship and active parenting. i was blessed with the pleasure of having great instructors." 










springfield city hall






"at the end of the day our goals in economic development for the city ultimatelyboil down to creating jobs for our residents along with growing our small businesses.one cannot work without the other." 










workforce readiness participant






"this program has given me the confidence that i haven't had in years, a support system that i will never take for granted and a sense of joy for the future." 










baystate health






“baystate and springfield works mission are aligned. providing compassionate community based care...aligns to creating pathways for economic prosperity.” 










workforce readiness participant






"i learned that i am not alone and there are many women in my situation. my best memories will be the connections i built with the ladies in my class." 










partner agencies
what has springfield works made possible that wasn't possible before?





"springfield is now on a national stage...springfield exposure brings additional funds to the area."we've "shown a spotlight" and are a "backbone"..."nexus/collaborative approach for collecting data and evaluating the workforce development system and success.""a platform for creativity and opportunities for springfield with a shared vision for the community to succeed." 







previous
next

















read about our mission






this is why we do what we do - the data that led us to this work, the values that guide us, and our vision for a stronger region.







our mission










read about us!






the team at springfield works, our partner organizations, funders, and contact information.







about us










read about our work






understand the wide variety of initiatives we've led - both past and present.
 







our work










tools and resources






whether you're a resident, a service provider, an employer, an educator, a policymaker, or a funding organization, we have resources to share!







resources










 


























© 2025 springfield works. all rights reserved.
designed and developed by dif design. 
1441 main street, springfield, ma 01103







contact us












facebook









linkedin










 


translate »scroll to top

















