how to start a blog in 2025 - easy guide to create a blog for beginners                  




homeblog tutorialabout mecontact me

skip to content
homeblog tutorialabout mecontact mehow to start a blog in 2025create a blog in 20 minutesupdated february 3rd, 2025are you looking for an easy guide on how to start a blog?the step-by-step guide on this page will show you how to create a blog in 20 minutes with just the most basic computer skills.ready to start? click here to skip to step #1 of the free guide and start building your blog now!after completing this guide you will have a beautiful blog that is ready to share with the world.this guide is made especially for beginners.  i will walk you through each and every step, using plenty of pictures and videos to make it all perfectly clear.if you get stuck or have questions at any point, simply send me a message and i will do my best to help you out.my name is scott chow, and i am going to show you how to start blogging today. i have been building blogs and websites since 2002. in that time i have launched several of my own blogs, and helped hundreds of others do the same.i know that starting a blog can seem overwhelming and intimidating. this free guide is all about blogging for beginners, and will teach you how to become a blogger with just the most basic computer skills. so whether you’re 8 or 88, you can create your own blog in 20 minutes.i am not ashamed to admit that when i was first learning how to build a blog i made a ton of mistakes. you can benefit from more than a decade of my experience so that you don’t repeat these same mistakes when you make your own blog. i created this free guide so that a complete beginner can learn how to blog quickly and easily.so, just how do you start a blog?learn how to create a blog in about 20 minutes following these steps:how to start a blog in 6 stepspick a blog name. choose a descriptive name for your blog.get your blog online. register your blog and get hosting.customize your blog. choose a free blog design template and tweak it.write & publish your first post. share your thoughts with the world. the fun part!promote your blog. get more people to read your blog with the proper marketing.make money blogging. choose from several options to monetize your blog.should you start a blog?one of the misconceptions about starting a blog is that you need to be a great writer to be successful. nothing could be further from the truth. people read blog sites to get a personal perspective on things, so most bloggers write in a very informal and conversational style.and because of the format, many successful bloggers will write about a variety of topics on the same blog.in addition, you don’t need to be an expert on any of the topics you write about to have a successful blog. for example, visitors to a cooking blog don’t want to read a textbook from a food scientist, they want to hear the experiences of someone who has actually cooked some real meals, mistakes and all.to be successful as a blogger there is really just one requirement: a passion for your topic.at its heart, blogging is about sharing your knowledge with the world. writing about things that you are passionate about makes the process of starting a successful blog so much easier. as long as you are writing about things that you are genuinely interested in, your passion will shine through and keep your visitors interested.so why would you go to the trouble of blogging? there are a few reasons:share your story. a blog allows you to have a voice and be heard. you can share your story with the entire world if you so choose. one of the most common ways blogs are used are as a diary where the blogger writes about their daily experiences so that friends, family, and others can all be a part of their lives.make money from home. blogging can be quite lucrative if done correctly. the top bloggers in the world obviously earn quite a bit, but even a part-time blogger can expect to make a nice profit if things are done correctly. the best part about it is that blogging is a form of passive income, since you can spend just a few hours a week writing a piece of content and then continue to profit from it long after the the writing is finished. i go into much more detail on how to blog for money later in this guide.recognition for yourself or your business. no, you probably won’t have paparazzi following you around because of your latest post. but a successful blog makes your idea into a reality, and can gain you a ton of recognition in your respective field. many bloggers are known as experts just because of their blogs, and some have even gotten book and movie deals based on their blogs.find a community. blogging at its heart is interactive. you write a post and people comment on it. this is a good way to connect with people who are interested in the same things as you are. blogging allows you to teach these people based on your experience, and it gives you the opportunity to learn from your readers as well.ready to begin? click here to go to step #1 of the guidewhat is a blog anyway?in short, a blog is a type of website that focuses mainly on written content, also known as blog posts. in popular culture we most often hear about news blogs or celebrity blog sites, but as you’ll see in this guide, you can start a successful blog on just about any topic imaginable.bloggers often write from a personal perspective that allows them to connect directly with their readers. in addition, most blogs also have a “comments” section where visitors can correspond with the blogger. interacting with your visitors in the comments section helps to further the connection between the blogger and the reader.this direct connection to the reader is one of the main benefits of starting a blog. this connection allows you to interact and share ideas with other like-minded people. it also allows you to build trust with your readers. having the trust and loyalty of your readers also opens up the door to making money from your blog, which is something i discuss later in this guide.the good news is that the internet is exploding with growth right now. more people than ever are online. this explosion in growth means more potential readers for your blog. in short, if you are thinking about starting a blog then there is no better time than right now.let’s start your blog!step 1: pick a blog namethe first step is the choose a domain name for your blog. a domain name is the web address for your blog, such as mynewblog.comif you already have a domain name in mind for your blog, then you can use the domain checker tool below to make sure that no one else has already registered that name.if you are not sure what to name your blog, or what topic to blog about, skip to the next section for helpful tips on how to choose a blog name.see if your blog name is available: if your preferred domain name is available, then you can jump ahead to step #2 to register your domain nameif you find that the name you wanted is already taken there are a few things you can do:try a different domain extension. if the .com version is already registered you may still be able to get the .net or .org version of the name.add small words. words like “a”, “my”, “best”, or “the”. for example, this site is called theblogstarter.com instead of blogstarter.com.add dashes between words. for example, scott-chow.comnote: you cannot use any spaces or punctuation, other than dashes, in a domain name. capitalization is ignored.how to choose a blog topic & nameif you don’t have an idea for a name already, the first step is choosing your blog topic.if you’re not sure what to blog about, there are a few ways to find a good blog topic:life experiences. everyone has lessons they have learned through life experience. sharing this knowledge can be incredibly helpful to others in similar situations. for example, i recently helped a woman start her blog about being a fireman’s wife. she has a lot of experience and knowledge to share with others about this topic, and it has helped her connect with others in similar situations. think about the things you have experienced in life. this could be related to your family (example: a blog about being a stay at home mom), work (a blog about experiences dealing with clients), or other life experiences (a blog about dealing with a troubling time such as a disease or divorce, or about a happy time such as preparing for a wedding or a birth of a child).a personal blog. a personal blog is a blog all about you. this will include a variety of topics, from things you do on a daily basis, to random thoughts and musings. this is a great way to share your thoughts with the world without having to stick to just one topic.hobbies & passions. hobbies or other interests you are passionate about are a great place to start. cooking, travel, fashion, sports, and cars are all classic examples. but even blogs about more obscure hobbies can be successful, since the your audience is literally anyone in the world with the internet.once you have a topic it’s time to choose your blog name, also known as your domain name.a good blog name should be descriptive so that potential visitors can instantly tell what your blog is about just from the name.if you are blogging about one specific topic then you will definitely want to include that in some way when you pick a domain name. try not to get hung-up on just one word though. for example, a cooking blog doesn’t necessarily have to have the word “cooking” in it. the words “food”, “recipes”, and “meals” would also let people know that your blog is about cooking.if you are planning to create a personal blog where you discuss a variety of topics then i recommend using your name, or some variation of it, since your blog is all about you. for example, i own the blog scottchow.com. you can also add your middle name or middle initial if you find your name is already taken. or you could use a variation like “scott chow blog” or “blogging with scott”.can’t decide on a good name for your blog? contact me and i will help you personally (for free)!once you have some name ideas you will need to choose a domain extension.a .com domain extension is the most preferred, but .net, .org, .co, or other extension work just as well. it is also important to note that for the purposes of a blog domain you cannot have any spaces between words. so “blogging with scott” becomes bloggingwithscott.comstep 2: get your blog onlinenow that you’ve got a name picked out it’s time to get your blog online.this might sound hard or technical, so let’s go step-by-step to make the process easy.to get your blog up and running you need three things:domain registrationto claim your domain name and use it for your blog you first need to register it.blog hostinga blog host is a company that stores all of the files for your blog and delivers them to the visitor when they type in your blog name. you must have blog hosting in order to have a blog.blogging softwareyou also need to have the software to build your blog. in this guide i will show you how to build a blog using the wordpress blogging software, because it is the most popular, customizable, and easiest to use.the good news is that these all come packaged together from the blog host i recommend, and the one i show you how to use in this guide: bluehost.i personally use bluehost and i recommend them for all new bloggers because:they will register your custom domain name for free, making sure no one else can take it.they offer an automatic free installation of the wordpress blogging software (which i show you how to use in this guide).they offer reliable web hosting that has been recommended by wordpress since 2005 and they currently host over 2 million blogs and websites.they have helpful 24/7 customer service via phone or web chat.they have a 30 day money back guarantee if you are unsatisfied for any reason.you can use any bluehost link on this site to get the special winter sale price of $1.99 per month.disclosure: bluehost compensates the blog starter when you purchase through this link, which means my services are free of charge to you!
in fact, if you have any trouble at all setting up a blog with this tutorial, just contact me and i will do it for you (free!).let’s start your blog!1. click here to get the special winter sale price of $1.99 per month on bluehost before it expires and then click “get started now”.2. select your plan. i recommend that beginning bloggers get the basic plan. click “select” to choose your plan.all of the bluehost plans have everything you need to get your blog up and running, including a free custom domain name, easy wordpress installation, web hosting, and custom email addresses (yourname@yourdomain.com).3. type in your domain name in the box and then click “search for domain” to start the registration process.when you register a domain name your contact information gets put into a database of domain name owners. if you would rather keep your information private, be sure to check the box at the top right that says “add private registration”.if you already own a domain name and want to use it for your blog, check the box at the top left4. now you will also choose your hosting package options.the discounted price is automatically applied when you click any bluehost link on this page.i recommend deleting the “professional email” free trial.  you will still be able to create custom email addresses (yourname@yourblog.com) without this feature.5. fill out your billing details and create your account password on the registration page.6. login to the wordpress administrator dashboardonce you complete the checkout you will be automatically logged-in to your bluehost account.  you will then need to login to wordpress. click “edit site” to be taken to the wordpress administrator dashboard.on the following screen click “i’m following a tutorial, take me to the wp admin dashboard” to be logged-in.having trouble installing your blog? get help here. step 3: customize your bloghow do i start a blog? you can watch me build and customize a beautiful blog from scratch here:  the video above should answer a lot of questions you might have about how to set up a blog and get it customized. here is a step-by-step break-down of some of things i show in the video.logging inif you are not already logged-in from the previous step, go to bluehost.com and click “login” on the top right to bring up the login screen.  you can then login using your domain name and the password you set in the previous step.  if you have misplaced your password you can reset it by clicking the “forgot password” link.once you log-in you will be taken to your bluehost portal.  from the portal you can click the blue “wordpress” button to be logged-in automatically to your wordpress blog.changing your blog designonce you login you will be in the wordpress dashboard. this is where you can make any changes you want to your blog.everyone has a different idea of how they want their blog to look. one of the great things about wordpress is that you can change your entire layout and design with just a few clicks.in wordpress, blog layouts are known as “themes”. what is a blog theme? themes control the entire design of your wordpress blog. to change your theme you are going to click on the “appearance” tab on the left menu.you will see several free wordpress themes are already installed on your blog: twenty twenty-four, twenty twenty-five, etc. these are well-designed, clean-looking themes that can work for just about any type of blog. in fact, many of the world’s top bloggers use one of these themes.unless you have a very specific design in mind for your blog, i suggest you use one of these themes to start with. for our example, let’s use the “twenty twenty-five” wordpress theme. in order to activate the theme on your blog, hover over the theme and click the “activate” button. that’s it! you have changed the entire design of your blog with just one click!if you don’t like any of the themes that are already installed you can easily choose from thousands of other free wordpress themes. to install a new wordpress theme, click on the “appearance” tab on the left menu and then click “add new theme”.this is the wordpress theme search screen.  there are thousands of themes to choose from.  you can change your entire design at anytime simply by activating a new wordpress theme.  to find a theme you like, i suggest you click on the “popular” tab and start browsing. when you find one that you like you can hover over it and then click the blue “install” button.once the theme is installed click “activate” to activate the theme on your blog. to see your new theme in action, go to your blog and take a look!changing your theme is the simplest way to customize your wordpress blog, but there are lots of other customizations you can do. check out my full post on customizing your wordpress blog for an in-depth step-by-step guide. you can also watch the video above to see me completely customize a wordpress blog from scratch.step 4: how to write a new blog post & publish itnow that your blog is up and running it’s time to actually do some blogging!  let’s create your first piece of content.go to the left menu and click on “posts”.you will see there is already a post there. this is a default post on every new wordpress blog, and we don’t need it. to delete it click “trash” just under the post.to begin writing a new post, click the “add new post” link.you are now on the post editor screen. enter the title of your post in the top box and then begin writing your post in the lower box.if you would like to add a picture to your post, click on the + icon and click “image”. then click “upload” to select a picture from your computer.once you have finished your post just click the “publish” button on the top right side of the screen to publish the new post.content that should be on your blogthere are two main types of content your blog should provide: static and dynamic content.static content: your blog should contain a few necessary pages explicitly designed to provide the visitor with the tools they need. the content on these pages is static, meaning – the content doesn’t change, or at least not very often. these are mainly top-level pages that can be accessed via a menu on your blog.these static content pages should be in place well before you launch your blog to the world.important static pages to include:about me (us) – this page should include a biographical summary of the author(s) as well as a mission statement. think about the answers to these questions: how did your passion for the subject matter develop? what do you want to convey to the world? what is your ultimate goal?contact me (us) – a contact page provides the visitor a place to reach the author which, in turn, provides the visitor with the reassurance that you are a real and reachable author. you can add your physical address, phone number, and custom email address. or you can utilize a simple contact form to keep your personal identifying information private. you should put links to all of your social media profiles here as well.aside from your blog, which is generally introduced on the home/main page, these two all-important pages should be visible on your top (header) menu and easy to access.  you can take a look at the top of this page to see how i have these pages included in the header menu.  see this detailed guide to customizing your blog menus if you need help.other static pages that are equally as important but less commonly thought of are:disclaimer page: if you intend to monetize your blog, you must describe the ways you intend to generate income. this is an absolute must-have page that should not be overlooked, as per ftc guidelines. for example, if you are discussing and endorsing a product, and stand to profit by linking to the product, this relationship must be disclosed.privacy policy: if you collect data from your visitors in any way, you are required to add a privacy policy page that tells visitors exactly how you are collecting data, how you are using it, and if you are sharing that data. if you implement google adsense or a google analytics account on your blog, a privacy policy must be used. this page is required by the ccpa (california consumer privacy act) and the gdpr (general data protection regulation), and is included by default on your wordpress blog.terms of service: if your blog is also running a store or selling services, it is a good idea to have a terms of service page to lessen your potential liability.these required static pages are typically linked to in the footer menu of a blog. they should, at the very least, be visible and accessible from the home page.  again, look at the bottom of this page to see how this looks in practice.there are other static pages you can choose to include depending on what suits your blog and business. common static page examples are an advertising page to solicit paid advertisements, a donations page, a resource page to direct visitors to your favorite links within your field, and a page for submitting ideas and content.dynamic content: your dynamic content is your blog and the most important content you have to offer. this is where you, as the creator, will infuse the blog with your brand of informative content that supplies your audience with knowledgeable tips, facts, opinions, and stories. this is how you engage your visitors and keep them coming back for more.your blog content should be regularly submitted at specific intervals. waiting months to create content will never build a following. posting content weekly and driving traffic to these posts will help build your brand.how to write great blog contenteach post should be lengthy, informative, and engaging. it’s not always easy to come up with new blog post ideas on a regular basis and you are free to mix up the tone and even the subject matter to keep things lively and interesting. it’s your space, after all. but there are a few elements that each and every piece of content should endeavor to include.define the content: create an alluring post title that stimulates curiosity and encourages clicks. use the first paragraph of your post to clearly define the topic of your article and provide a possible hook to keep the reader reading.the longer the better – but break it up: the more information and detail you include, the better. but visitors will begin to skim if the content contains lengthy paragraphs a mile long, and will pop out faster than they came in. visitors enjoy tidbits. keep your paragraphs short with spaces in between, use lists and standout quotes, use images, and always include headings and sub-headings so that visitors can find what they’re looking for.engage the reader: at the end of each post, a common tactic used to engage visitors is posing a meaningful question to your audience and asking them to reply in the comments. this simple measure can increase engagement tenfold.original content: your content should always be original. never plagiarize – you will eventually be called out on it and could even face consequences. your content should come from your heart, your brain, your knowledge base, and your experience. you can get topic ideas from others in your field, but make sure the content comes from you.original photos: while it is easy to include stock images from free image sites, it is even better to include your own photos and graphic work. another idea is to take free images and manipulate them with a free photo editor.edit your work: your blog content should be sufficiently edited. nothing says unprofessional like several typographical and grammatical errors. if you need a few refresher courses in grammar, consider using a writing application.publishing your blogeven after you have written a post your blog may still be showing a placeholder page.when you are ready to make your blog public for the first time, just click “home” at the top left of the menu in your wordpress dashboard, and then click “launch with confidence”. click the blue “launch your site” button to remove the placeholder page and launch your blog.congratulations! you now know how to start your own blog and publish content!step 5: promote your blogcreating a well-designed blog and writing great content is just the start. in order to get visitors to your blog you will need spend some time promoting it, especially when you first start.the strategies below will help get your blog in front of more readers. you don’t need to use every strategy – try out a few and see what works well for you.alert your inner circlethe very first people who should become aware of your blog are your inner circle. this includes family, friends, and colleagues within your field. encourage them to become followers, ask them to mention your new blog, and – most importantly – thank them.use social mediawhile you don’t want to overdo it, you still want to create accounts with the “biggies” like facebook, twitter, youtube, pinterest, and instagram.  you should post a link to your newest content on your accounts, but you can also post relevant news and links to other sources that your readers may find interesting.  don’t forget to use hashtags and engage with your followers!one of my favorite ways to get visitors to my blog is to post links on my social accounts, like facebook and twitter. this is great, because not only do your friends see the link, but if your friends share the link with their friends it automatically multiplies your visitors. if you have created high-quality content on your blog then social media is a way for your blog to go viral.comment on other blogsfind other blogs in your community and engage with them. using the comment section, introduce yourself and leave engaging and constructive comments. many will allow you to leave a link to your blog. after creating relationships with prominent bloggers in your community, you will find yourself within their ranks quickly.engage with your visitorswhen your readers leave comments on your posts, always engage with them. reply to their comments and questions, give them “likes” and affirmations. when it is obvious that the author cares about his/her community and readership, visitors are naturally encouraged to return.collaborate with other bloggersbecome enmeshed in your blogging community by collaborating with respected members of your field. collaborating includes guest posting, promoting each other’s blogs and products, and regularly interacting through comments and social media.post regularlypost content regularly. create an editorial calendar and stick to it. a good blogger posts at least once per week to start. if you have long lapses between posts, your followers will drop off and your growth will be severely hampered. it’s not easy to post on a schedule, but it’s something you absolutely must stick to.create an email listin addition to getting new visitors to your blog, you will also want to make sure your current visitors are coming back. this is where email marketing plays a big role. by collecting the email addresses of your visitors (with their permission of course), you can then notify them when you post new content on your blog. this keeps people coming back to your blog, which not only gives you more readers over time, it also allows you to build a closer relationship with your visitors.email marketing is too big a topic to cover well here, so i created a separate guide to email marketing for those who are interested (hint: every blogger who wants more readers needs to read this guide).optimize your blog for search enginesyou want your blog to appear in search results as soon as possible.google: sign up for a google webmaster account and open the search console. to add your blog, click “add property” and follow the steps to add your blog.bing: sign up for a bing webmaster account and add your blog.submitting your blog is the first step in process known as search engine optimization (seo).keep in mind that with a brand new blog your traffic will be minimal to start with. however, this will change over time as long as you continue to add informative and relevant content on a regular basis.to optimize this process, each page of your blog should include these fundamental elements: header tags: section headings and subheadings should be wrapped in header tags.  to do this, click on the left item of the block you are writing in and change it to “heading”.  you can then choose from h1, h2, h3, etc. categorization: your content should be clearly categorized into specific and relevant categories.  in the post editor screen, click on “document” on the right menu, and then go down to “categories” and “add new category”. permalinks: each blog post “slug” is the end portion of the url. you want to make sure each post has a defined slug and doesn’t end with an article number. you can easily change this in your wordpress dashboard by going to “settings” -> “permalinks”. select the “post name” option and click “save changes”there are many more factors relating to consider, such as installing something like the yoast wordpress plugin, but these are the big ones that will help improve your search rankings sooner rather than later.for more tips on promoting your blog make sure to check out my in-depth guide to blog promotion.step 6: make money from your blogonce you have put in the effort of creating great blog content and promoting your blog, making money from your blog is actually the easy part.blogs have the potential to be extremely lucrative, but don’t assume that you’re going to start making money in the first week, or even in the first month. it could take six months to a year to start seeing a steady stream of income. blogging takes work and dedication, but once you develop a large enough audience, there are several methods you can employ to monetize your blog.sell advertising spaceonce you have a popular blog, advertisers will be hounding you for the opportunity to advertise. the best way to take advantage of this situation is to use google adsense. google finds the advertisers for you and all you have to do is place the google adsense code on your blog to start running ads. google adsense takes all of the hard work out of the process and just cuts you a check.i go into the full details of how to set up google adsense for your wordpress blog here.sell affiliate productsan affiliate program is a commission-based way to advertise. when one of your readers clicks on a link on your blog, they get sent to an advertiser’s site and you earn a commission if they purchase. affiliate links are a nice way to earn income through the use of product reviews. however, you must remember to disclose that you are an affiliate for the product.sell products and servicesselling your own products and services directly on your blog is a great way to increase your income. as your blog grows and you begin to see a wide audience, your products and services will begin to sell themselves.use the sidebar of your blog to increase the visibility of what you sell using visual images and a link to your storefront page.sell digital downloadsebooks, video tutorials, and e-courses are the most commonly consumed digital materials sold by bloggers. with little to no overhead and no shipping costs, you can keep the price low and inviting.if you are extremely knowledgeable in your field, an ebook can practically write itself. give it a try, you might surprise yourself!sell membershipsanother way to monetize is by creating membership options on your blog. this allows you to offer members more exclusive content only available with a paid membership. for example, you could offer unlimited downloads of digital goods, free consultations, a private network or forum where community members can mix and mingle, and private content available to members only.there are many ways a blog can capitalize on popularity and traffic. choosing the way you monetize from your blog depends on your goals and the purpose of your blog. those who are selling services, physical goods, and digital goods, for example, may not want to participate in affiliate programs where traffic could be lost to another site.for more information see my full guide to making money blogging hereneed more help?i hope this guide has answered any questions you had on how to start your blog, but if any of the steps were unclear to you, you can find a more detailed version of each step by using the menu at the top right of this page (or at the bottom of this page if you’re on a smartphone).more specific tutorials can be found on my blog page. here are some of the most popular tutorials from my blog:bluehost coupon codeshow to add custom logos or imageshow to see how many people are visiting your bloghow to move from wordpress.com to wordpress.orghow to make a website with wordpresshow to automatically share your new content on facebook and twitterhow to choose the best website builderhow to link to other sites from your bloghow to change text size and colorhow to make your blog privatecontact me if you have any issues at all and i will personally respond to your email.the step-by-step guide on this site should give you everything you need to get started, but if you run into some issues, or just want some personalized advice, please do not hesitate to contact me at any time. blogging is my passion, and i would love to talk with you about it!blogging faqstill have some unanswered questions about blogging?  below are the most common questions i get about starting a new blog.  if you can’t find an answer to your question here, feel free to send me an email via my contact page, or leave a comment below.click on a question to read the answer:what makes a successful blog?you. it is your passion, your creativity, your knowledge and expertise, and what you bring to the community that makes a blog successful. as long as you provide content that is interesting, informative, and engaging to the readers you’re looking to connect with, your success is only limited by the number of posts you’re able to produce.keep writing, keep interacting, keep engaging, and your blog quickly become one of the success stories. as long as you’re passionate about the subject matter, the sky is the limit.what do you need to start a blog as a writer?time, passion, and a clear goal.blogging is nearly a full-time operation. a successful blogger commits to posting lengthy and detailed content at least weekly. promoting the blog must also be done regularly across social accounts and through peer interactions.equally important is the passion behind your blog. to come up with great content on a regular basis your blog should revolve around a topic that you are obsessed with. you don’t have to be the leading authority on the subject matter. you only need to possess passion, excitement, dedication, and deeply rooted opinions.you also need a clear goal in mind. what is the main objective of your blog? is it to inform the public? to eventually retain paid subscribers? with a clear final objective you can grow a blog that satisfies these goals in the long term.what should my blog be about?answer these questions: what are you passionate about? what do you think about daily? what topic do you annoy all of your friends, family, and co-workers with on a regular basis? what do you find yourself dreaming about? what do you find yourself constantly researching? what do you read about?if there is a common denominator in your answers to these questions – that is what your blog should be about.your blog should be about what interests you – what you’re passionate about. and once you begin to build your blog, no matter what the subject material, you will find a community of people who are interested in what you have to say.how do i find a profitable niche for my blog?if you know the general topic for your blog, a simple way of making your niche more profitable is by narrowing the niche to eliminate competition.for example, let’s say you’re passionate about food and you want to start by creating a recipe blog. you’ll be competing with a million recipe blogs. so let’s narrow that topic down to something that is more manageable yet still important to a lot of people. making the topic of your blog more specific will help to eliminate a lot of competition and elevate your blog results in search engines for more specific queries.how do i name my blog?this can ultimately be a fun exercise.as an example, let’s say your blog will be about custom pet gift baskets. in this instance, let’s list all the main words this blog will be about.now let’s list some variant synonyms of these words. use a thesaurus if need be! now list nouns and adjectives that apply to you as the creator.now start putting words together, introduce new words, and keep playing around until you come up with a name you like!if you are still struggling you can always try using a blog name generator for additional ideas.what do you do if your domain name is taken?if the domain name you want is taken and the full web address is your trademarked business name, you can assert your trademark rights and privileges and eventually get this domain handed over to you. it is a lengthy process that will involve lawyers and hefty fees, but as long as the name is trademarked by you, you would likely win the domain name.if your name isn’t trademarked, don’t attempt to buy the .info or .biz variation of the domain. instead, try a slight variation of the domain name such as adding a dash between words, or inserting the word “the” or other nominal words.in some cases, the domain is owned but isn’t being used. trying searching for it in the browser. if the url is pointed to a different domain, it isn’t being used, only redirected. you may be able to buy the domain for the right price from the current owner. if the domain is parked, you may also attempt to purchase the domain.where is the best place to create a blog?in the tutorial on this page i show you how to create your blog using bluehost and wordpress.org.  this is known as a self-hosted wordpress blog, and it is what i personally use for this blog and it’s what i recommend to all my readers.  when you sign-up with bluehost you get a free domain name, they will automatically install wordpress (wordpress.org) on your bluehost account. you can begin blogging as soon as your account is set up. you can easily customize your self-hosted wordpress blog just by following the steps in the tutorial on this page.how much does it cost to start a blog?you can make a blog for absolutely nothing. it doesn’t cost one red cent.but let’s be realistic. if you want your blog to be taken seriously, you can’t just get a subdomain from one of the free blogging sites like blogspot. you’ll want to pick a custom domain name and register it instead. domain names cost around $15 per year, on average. so now you’re a whopping $15 in the hole.but the best way to start your blog is through one of the many web hosting companies. the best web hosting choice is a wordpress hosting account through bluehost which is $1.99 per month and includes free domain name registration, so your total cost for 1 year is just $33.these are your main costs associated with starting a successful blog. of course, you may incur other costs with additional services such as email marketing. as with any business, the biggest expenditure is often advertising, but this would be a cost incurred later on down the road if you choose to go that route.do bloggers make money?bloggers have the ability to make a full-time income from blogging alone. some bloggers make hundreds of thousands of dollars. while it isn’t easy to become a highly paid blogger, it is quite possible. as with any business, it takes a lot of hard work and plenty of time.many bloggers give up on their project after just a few months. they become discouraged when the money doesn’t come in right away, and it almost never does without an instant and immediate following that comes from being a high profile persona. therefore, time and patience are needed to reach “influencer” status. those who make money online are the ones who stick with it.there are several ways a blogger can earn money:advertisements: as your blog gains traction and brings in a healthy amount of daily visitors, advertisers may pay good money for a well-placed ad on your blog.contextual ads: with google adsense a small piece of code can be placed on your blog that dynamically shows ads related to your content. when one of your readers clicks on an ad the advertiser pays google, and google sends you a percentage.affiliate programs: affiliate ads are a very popular way to monetize a blog. these ads lead visitors to a product or service on another website. if a sale resulting from a click on your blog is made, you get a commission, and some commissions can be very high. affiliate programs can be found on individual stores, or on large-scale platforms such as amazon.sponsored posts: advertisers can pay a smaller fee to sponsor individual posts rather than advertising on the entire blog. this is a great method for making money on fledgling blogs.how do bloggers get paid?bloggers are most commonly paid by advertisers. how the blogger is paid varies depending on what type of ads are used.cpc: cpc or “cost per click” ads generate revenue simply through clicks. cpc ads are generally highly targeted and rotational. ads appear on specific blog posts and are related to the content of that post. the number of clicks you generate, which trends upward as your traffic increases, will ultimately determine the amount you are paid.flat fee: if a blog’s traffic is high, advertisers may pay a monthly flat fee for ad space on the blog’s website. that ad space could appear all over the website, within a section, or just a few pages. the money comes directly from the advertiser.commission: ads from an affiliate network use affiliate links. these links track visitors that come from your blog to the advertiser’s site. if a purchase is made by a visitor who originated from your blog, you receive a commission.should i start my blog on wordpress?if you’re new to blogging and you don’t have much experience with html or coding, then yes – self-hosting a wordpress blog is the best choice for you! when it comes time to choose a blogging platform, the pros turn to wordpress.  and even though wordpress is used by millions of smaller blogs, it also powers many of the biggest sites on the internet.  in fact, wordpress is the most popular cms (content management system) in the world with over 75 million blogs and websites currently using it. and there are many reasons why:easy to use: wordpress is remarkably easy to use. theme customizers help to easily design your blog, change colors, and add images. once your design is complete, all you need to do is write your content. the internal blog editor records your posts and displays them for you.blog anywhere: as long as you have internet access, you can edit your wordpress blog and write new posts. wordpress provides you with an administrative backend where you may log in and work on your blog from anywhere in the world using a pc, mac, tablet, or smartphone.you don’t need to know how to code: wordpress gives you easy tools to set up a blog that looks stunning without knowing a single line of html code or hiring a web developer. this makes wordpress a great option for those who don’t want to deal with technical issues.built-in seo: google favors blogs built with wordpress. the out-of-the-box seo (search engine optimization) which comes packed with wordpress delivers impressive results over time in search engines. this translates to more readers for your blog.free themes: the wordpress cms is connected to a repository where thousands of free themes (blog layouts) are available to browse and upload. directly from the backend of your blog you can browse a multitude of themes with varying styles and functionality. these free wordpress themes can be installed with one click, and then easily customized by a total beginner.is wordpress free?yes! a self-hosted wordpress blog is a open-source, which is completely free. and there are two different wordpress options, both free, but completely different, which you should be aware of.  choosing between them is one of the most crucial decisions you will make.wordpress.org: this option is completely, 100% free.  wordpress.org is the blog platform i show you how to use in the tutorial on this page.  while it is completely free to download, it doesn’t run on its own. you will need a web host (see the step-by-step guide) and you’ll also need to buy a new domain name. because you need your own web hosting plan, this option is known as a self-hosted wordpress blog. so while wordpress is technically free, there are fees involved with getting your new self-hosted wordpress blog up and running (less than $3 per month).wordpress.com: wordpress.com is a different platform that lets the user create a free blog on a subdomain of wordpress.com. while it does technically let you blog for free, if you would like to enable some basic options, or have your own domain, you will have to upgrade your account to a paid plan.  for this and other reasons, i don’t recommend wordpress.com.how often should i blog?if your goal is to eventually make money from your blog, you’ll want to start blogging as often as possible – at least once per week. blogging can be casual if your goal is solely for personal pleasure. but if you’re seeking a large audience and wish to become a leader in your field, blogging weekly is a must.while frequency is important, it should not come at the expense of quality.  not every piece of content needs be 2,000 words, but all of your posts should be informative and of value to your audience. this is no easy feat. however, if you’re able to stick with blogging on a regular schedule, it will become easier! as with anything else, the more you do it – the more skilled at it you become.blogging weekly also helps improve your traffic from search engines, which you can track in your google analytics account. when you first begin blogging your latest posts will take time to show up on search engines. as you continue to post regularly you will naturally have more blog posts showing up in the search results, which means more traffic to your blog.why do blogs fail?almost any blog has the potential to become a success, yet most blogs fail. and there are many reasons why. here are the most common reasons why a blog fails:giving up too fast – the most common reason why a blog fails is simply that the content creator gives up before his or her blog even has a chance to become recognized. before you begin a blog, you should realize that most blogs take months and even years to gain traction. it’s quite an investment. if you fail to gain visitors or make money within a month don’t stop!  continue to focus on creating quality content and getting your name out there via social media and networking.intermittent blogging – when there are long “silent periods” between posts it is difficult to build a solid following. people looking for information on your topic usually want a steady stream of new information to keep them interested. when a blog fails to deliver fresh and updated content people get bored and look elsewhere.poor content – some bloggers think they can beat the system with auto-generated content or with duplicate content that is reworded. readers know fluff when they read it. they know when an article has absolutely no value or when it is simply clickbait. a blog with poor content will never be successful.too many ads – blogs with dozens of ads obscuring most of the content will deter visitors from returning. people don’t come to your blog to be visually harassed by ill-placed, blinking advertisements. they come for information. while ads a good option to monetize, don’t overdo it.
 lisa stickles says:
january 1, 2025 at 9:45 amthis may sound simple and stupid but how do you actually receive your money from your blog? in todays world of scams, scammers and more scams does the blogger get mailed checks, do you have your account information listed somewhere and if so how safe is that?
your site if very helpful and informative i just don’t understand the money part of blogging yet. happy new year !reply
 scott chow says:
january 5, 2025 at 11:09 pmhi lisa,great question!  typically you can choose to receive payments via wire, paypal, or check.  it all depends on how you monetize your blog.for example, if your blog is making money from google adsense ads, then the payment would be deposited directly to your bank, or you could choose to receive a check.if you are making money from affiliate products then you would have similar payout options.if you are selling your own products or services on your blog, then you would just transfer the money to your bank account from your credit card processor (could be paypal, stripe, etc.).hope that makes it more clear!reply
 mackenzie says:
august 26, 2024 at 5:19 pmhello scott,
thank you so much for this informational and easy to follow blog. i have a quick question about domain names. if you have already set up a domain name, and you wanted or needed to change it, is it possible to do so? if it is, how do you change it? thanks againreply
 scott chow says:
august 28, 2024 at 11:41 amhi mackenzie,yes, you can definitely change your domain name if you would like.  here is a tutorial on how to do that:
how to change your wordpress blog domainreply
 bobby says:
july 16, 2024 at 12:33 pmscott, i’m beginning a blog, and i intend to monetize it at some point.  i read that it is important to make sure all of the legal disclaimers, privacy policy, etc. are in order.  there are templates out there—would you advise buying them or building them yourself?reply
 scott chow says:
july 18, 2024 at 7:28 pmhi bobby,a generic privacy policy page comes pre-installed with your blog, so you can use that as a starting point.  for most people a basic free template is totally fine (this is not legal advice of course).reply
 gerda says:
may 16, 2024 at 10:35 amhi scott,  thank you for a very useful guide with practical step by step instructions.  this is exactly what i needed to get me started on the blog that i’ve been putting off for quite a while.reply
 kezia rice says:
december 1, 2023 at 7:29 amthis was super helpful in getting my blog set up.  i was able to get the basics done in a less than an hour, and then took my time over the weekend to tweak the design based on your instructions.i am pleased with how professional it looks, and now i am starting to work on my content plan.  thank you for making this guide!reply
 isabelle says:
october 5, 2022 at 2:34 pmvery helpful! i’ve been wanting to create a billingual blog (french and english) but didn’t know where to start. thanks for the detailed information 🙂reply
 olivia hansley says:
april 21, 2022 at 7:10 amthank you scott for writing an excellent blog…i’ve been researching to see if blogging is something i want to get into…i am at a beginner level. i am looking for some guidance on where to start and your blog appeared. very informative post. thanks once again.reply
 jackie says:
october 5, 2021 at 2:26 pmhi scott.
thanks for the valuable information. i’m concerned about the usage of images/licenses.
can we use creative commons images in our blogs if we are unable to take the photos ourselves? there’s a filter on google when image searching for “commercial” and then “creative commons” images and wondering which is the safest bet of images to use on a blog. don’t want to get in trouble!reply
 scott chow says:
october 19, 2021 at 3:08 pmhi jackie,yes, i would suggest only using images with a creative commons license to avoid any copyright issues.  you can easily search for images at search.creativecommons.orgreply
 monica says:
march 2, 2021 at 9:13 pmyour tutorials have been really helpful so far in getting my blog up and running. wordpress is tricky without someone to walk you through it.  thanks so much!reply
 lorraine says:
march 2, 2021 at 4:13 amhi scott. i’ve been thinking about setting up a blog for a while now but didn’t really understand how to go about it. your guide is really informative and has given me the confidence to give it a go. thanks a lot 😊reply
 peter p says:
december 13, 2020 at 11:37 amhi scott,
thanks for the great info on starting a blog. i am about to set up a blog that will be mostly political commentary. i also have numerous papers and presentations i have written over the years that i would like to post and make accessible to visitors, apart from my periodic blogging. do you have advice as to how i can upload them on separate pages?reply
 scott chow says:
december 26, 2020 at 11:00 amhi peter,if you have them in pdf format, then i would suggest embedding them into your posts.  here is how to do that: https://www.theblogstarter.com/how-to-embed-pdf-files-in-wordpress-posts/reply
 erick okengo says:
november 27, 2020 at 2:14 pmi just found you on the right time. this is all i needed to start a blog. the very best informative tutorial i have found. thank you scott.reply
 robyn says:
november 22, 2020 at 10:58 pmthank you for such helpful content. i’m just starting my blog and your insight is greatly appreciated.reply
 susan mullen says:
november 17, 2020 at 10:13 pmnumber one for me in a new blog host is if it has autosave. i currently have a wordpress.com blog which has autosave. but i don’t like the ownership of wordpress.com, so i want to start a new home. do you know of any blog hosts other than wordpress.com that offer autosave? thanks, susanreply
 scott chow says:
november 28, 2020 at 11:14 amhi susan,the process i show in the tutorial on this page will help you start a blog that is self-hosted with bluehost.  it has an autosave feature enabled by default.reply
 sarah says:
november 17, 2020 at 3:11 ami have finally started a food blog and i’m excited to learn more from here.reply
 ashley wilson says:
november 14, 2020 at 12:25 pmthanks so much for this info. i am really wanting to start a blog, but i’m concerned about the legal stuff. how do i make sure i am doing everything legal?reply
 scott chow says:
november 28, 2020 at 11:23 amhi ashley,you will want to make sure you include a privacy policy page on your blog.  wordpress provides a privacy policy generator by default, so it is very easy to add when starting your blog. beyond that, just make sure you are being transparent with your visitors if you are collecting any information about them.you may have specific legal issues depending on the topic you are writing about, but for most people just adding a privacy policy page is enough.reply
 sam says:
november 13, 2020 at 8:55 amthis is wonderful! thank you so much for your helpful advice! i am going to try to do my first blog!reply
 neelam says:
november 12, 2020 at 6:12 amhey scott. i always wanted to start a blog but never had a clear idea how to do it. after reading this content, i feel so confident that i would want to start writing now. thanks a lot.reply
 scott chow says:
november 28, 2020 at 11:25 amglad you found it helpful. feel free to contact me if you have any trouble.reply
 alana says:
november 7, 2020 at 1:17 amso far bluehost is good. my friends told me to use them as well. i used another web host before, but now i see that bluehost is much better than the web hosting i had before.reply
 ginny says:
november 6, 2020 at 10:47 amhi scott,i just barely created my blog and i would like to make it organize by categories. how do i add that to my blog page? ex: place (one category), family (one category), home (one category) etc.?thank you so much for your insightful post.reply
 scott chow says:
november 28, 2020 at 11:32 amhi ginny,when you are in the post editor screen of the wordpress dashboard you will see an option on the right-hand side to choose a category for the post you are writing.  you can also create a new category for your post in that same place.let me know if you have any trouble finding it.reply
 mike says:
october 30, 2020 at 5:59 pmi had a suggestion (from my vascular surgeon, believe it or not) to start a blog. i imagine a bio theme (70 years). how would i protect the privacy of those i mention?reply
 scott chow says:
november 28, 2020 at 11:36 amhi mike,the simplest way would be to change their names and remove any other personally identifiable information.  you may also want to consider the tips here: https://www.theblogstarter.com/how-to-blog-anonymously/reply
 shauna says:
october 24, 2020 at 6:49 amthank you… i’ve been having a yearning to write. i am not a writer but when i do especially on my social platforms, people frequently comment that they wished i did it more. i’ve recently decided that i want to start blogging and have been doing tons of research. this is by far the best “how to” i’ve come across. excited to follow theses steps and give it a try. i appreciate your willingness to be available to those of us ready to give it a go!reply
 scott chow says:
november 28, 2020 at 11:43 amawesome shauna!  let me know if there is anything i can do to help.reply
 rick says:
october 16, 2020 at 10:31 amthis is an excellent and very comprehensive tutorial, scott. one of the best step-by-step how-to’s i’ve seen on the topic. i’ll be recommending it on my newsletter.reply
 scott chow says:
november 11, 2020 at 12:50 pmthanks rick!reply
 loxy says:
october 16, 2020 at 3:03 amthank you very much
am starting my blog and what i read was helpful thank youreply
 yves says:
october 16, 2020 at 2:43 ami would like to first of all say thank you for all the wonderful and great information you sent to all of us and this is very useful to me and i will and have been looking at this for a long time now but because of your information i really feel like i’m ready. unfortunately i have a few very simple questions that you possibly can answer in a second but i need to ask them because of my lack of knowledge.
i live in japan and my blog is meant for japanese and europeans and americans and for everyone really  and i will probably be doing some translation at the same time so my question is this. is there a different way to registering a blog in japan or blogging the rest of the world will my domain name be registered to me even in japan or other parts of the world.
if you have any answers for me please let me know. yours truly, yves gagnonreply
 scott chow says:
november 28, 2020 at 11:50 amhi yves,domain registration applies worldwide.  for example, the domain name for this site (theblogstarter.com) is registered to me and can’t be used by anyone else.  no matter where you are in the world, when you go to theblogstarter.com this is the site that comes up.  i hope that answers your question.reply
 finn says:
october 15, 2020 at 5:06 amthank you so much for your blog. i found your explanations particularly clear, concise, and helpful.reply
 douglas long says:
october 13, 2020 at 10:00 ami am setting up a blog right now and chose the plan with the lowest up-front cost.should i be concerned that the expiration for my basic web hosting is 12 months? is there any way to alleviate the issue?reply
 scott chow says:
november 28, 2020 at 11:54 amhi douglas,you will have the option to renew before it expires.  you can also extend your package for a longer duration at any time from your bluehost account.reply
 paula says:
october 12, 2020 at 2:06 pmhi
can you have multiple people belong to one blog
and post at any time or is it restricted to a single blogger only, thank youreply
 scott chow says:
november 28, 2020 at 11:57 amhi paula,you can create multiple users for your blog.  just log-in to the wordpress dashboard of your account and then go “users” on the left sidebar menu.  from here you can add new users.  you can also give each user different permissions if you so choose. for example, you could be the only administrator of the blog, while still giving other users the permission to write new content.reply
 heidi says:
october 11, 2020 at 6:09 pmhi scott, can you use the wordpress from your laptop, tablet and phone to write on-the-go?reply
 scott chow says:
november 28, 2020 at 12:00 pmyes, you can easily blog from any internet-connected device.  for your phone, i would suggest using the wordpress.org app: https://wordpress.org/mobile/reply
 shannon says:
october 9, 2020 at 12:50 pmdo i need a privacy policy on my blog if i am just a personal blogger? if so how do i go about doing that?reply
 scott chow says:
november 28, 2020 at 12:34 pmhi shannon,it’s not strictly necessary if you are not collecting any data about your visitors, but it’s so simple to do that i recommend it for all new blogs.  from the wordpress dashboard, go to “tools” on the left sidebar menu and then click on “prviacy”.  this will take you to the privacy page generator and help you add it to your blog.reply
 vince says:
october 9, 2020 at 2:57 amvery easy indeed. thanks scott. as a web designer, i often get asked how to start a blog. i’m definitely bookmarking this for sharing. 🙂reply
 william tindale says:
october 8, 2020 at 5:03 pmi would like to thank you for the information on your site. you have included a wealth if helpful information.
this is my first search for how to start a blog, i have learned a lot from your presentation. i have learned a lot, i’m not sure that a blog is my interest or i need something different.
i am 75 years young, and have never met, or talked with anyone who have experienced a lifetime such as i.
i would like to get my story out there for entertainment, and comments from others who may be able to relate.
thank you for your very informative information. i assure you that i will come back to your site if i decide a blog
would fit my purpose.
thank you very much for the great education you have served me.reply
 scott chow says:
november 28, 2020 at 12:07 pmhi william,a blog sounds the perfect medium for what you want to do.  you can easily write your story and have others comment on it.let me know if you have any trouble getting started.  i would be happy to assist.reply
 jeff peterson says:
october 5, 2020 at 7:26 pmthank you for this very informative blog. when setting up the comments section of my blog, is it necessary to ask for a piece of personal info such as the email of the address of the person making the comment? if i let people comment anonymously, this may encourage more people to comment.reply
 scott chow says:
november 28, 2020 at 12:35 pmhi jeff,you can set it up either way.  you are correct that you will get more comments if you don’t ask for an email address, but you will also get more spam comments as well.reply
 abraham victor says:
october 2, 2020 at 3:55 amfantastic, and very help. thank you for such a great help and guidance. you made something impossible possible. thank you from the bottom of my heart.
thanks for sharingreply
 ophelia says:
september 30, 2020 at 4:00 pmcan i start a blog with my phone?reply
 scott chow says:
november 28, 2020 at 12:11 pmyes, the steps for how to start a blog are the same for phone, tablet, or computer.reply
 rocky says:
september 30, 2020 at 3:24 pmhi scott,very informative post. i am grad student thinking strongly about starting a blog and wanted to know if you could speak to a respectful posting frequency and how many posts are enough before launching?can you point me to some form of blog management information? i am trying to determine if this is something i can commit to.thank you in advancereply
 scott chow says:
november 28, 2020 at 2:02 pmhi rocky,when first starting out i suggest posting once or twice a week.  after you have built up a solid readership then you can decrease the posting frequency.  some really popular blogs only post every couple of months.when you first start a blog i recommend launching it as soon as you finish your first post.  this gets you started on growing your readership from day one.reply
 joan kent says:
september 28, 2020 at 2:22 pmgreat synopsis scott!reply
 joan kent says:
september 28, 2020 at 2:08 pmgreat synopsis of a really big subject scott! good info for those looking to start blogging.reply
 gale says:
september 22, 2020 at 11:33 amwhat an excellent blog… i’ve been researching to see if starting a blog is something i want to get into.. i’m retired and do crafts for friends and family.  but ,don’t want to be limited to just blogging about that area.  i’m also an author (inspiration-christian) and wanted to know if you can have sections when establishing a blog?reply
 scott chow says:
november 28, 2020 at 1:50 pmhi gale,yes, the easiest way to do this is to categorize each post.  your post will then automatically go to the correct category page on your blog.reply
 cheryl says:
september 22, 2020 at 5:34 amhi scott,  this is some great help! but i have a question….
if i start a blog is it considered a “side gig”? or do i have to register a “business”?
how would i report my income?reply
 scott chow says:
november 28, 2020 at 1:51 pmhi cheryl,you can do it either way.  most people just start with it as a side hustle, and then as it grows you can consider setting up a business. it would be best to talk to a tax accountant once you get to that point though.reply
 jeff m says:
september 18, 2020 at 8:54 pmhey scott. i really appreciate the info, however, both you and bluehost advertise the cost as “monthly.” when i went to sign up, it gave me a total cost which was the total cost for the contract. before i give my payment information, i’d like to clarify if i’m paying monthly for the service, or if i have to pay a lump sum. thanks.reply
 scott chow says:
november 28, 2020 at 1:53 pmhi jeff,yes, you will pay up front for the full length of your plan.  so if you do a 12 month plan then you pay for 12 months up front.  you can cancel at anytime and get a pro-rated refund for the unused months on your plan.reply
 ms. williams says:
september 17, 2020 at 10:25 pmthank you for all of this information. i’m motivated to start blogging. i am confident that things will go smoothly with all the info that you provided.reply
 victor anthony says:
september 13, 2020 at 6:04 pmthank you scott. i am so grateful for this enlightening information you have given to me here. i now know how to set up my own blog. but i have a question. which method of payment does bluehost support when you are paying for the hosting service? and can you choose to pay monthly, or must it be paid yearly? thanks once again. please i am expecting your reply.reply
 scott chow says:
september 13, 2020 at 6:27 pmhi victor,a one year package is the shortest option. bluehost accepts credit cards or paypal.
feel free to contact me if you have any trouble getting started!reply
 bruce dubbink says:
july 14, 2020 at 7:45 amhi, scott!
wow!  i think this just might be what i was looking for.  i don’t do social media.  no tweeting, no facebook, none of that….  but, i know many people that do.  i think they can help get my blog out into the public.
a couple of questions – will the basic set up allow for comments?  can i prevent users from leaving comments and delete horrid comments?
i am excited and want to be sure i can control some things before i get rolling….
thanks!!!reply
 scott chow says:
august 7, 2020 at 10:43 amhi bruce,yes, comments are turned-on by default.  you have full control over the comments on your blog. for example, you can have comments automatically approved, or you can choose to manually approve only those that you want.  of course, you can also turn-off comments completely if you prefer.to change your comments setting simply go to your blog dashboard and go to “settings -> discussion”reply
 sesilia says:
june 4, 2020 at 7:42 pmhi scott, thank you.  this is very informative.   can you please help me with  narrowing down a name and topics please?reply
 scott chow says:
june 6, 2020 at 11:45 amsure, just send me a message through my contact page with more details on the topics you are interested in.reply
 debra duplak says:
may 27, 2020 at 2:52 pmvery informative and easy to follow! i read to the end and then watched video.reply
 nick smith says:
march 29, 2020 at 9:32 amscott thanks, the tutorial was most helpful. it took me a while but i got there in the end. good stuff. i used the format you show as it seemed good for me.reply
 valerie says:
february 12, 2020 at 5:37 pmhi! thank you so much for this! your guide is so thorough that i am working on getting my blog up and running! quick question: how do you create an email with your domain name? i googled it, but i don’t see the same options in my side panel. on the wordpress article i read, it says to go to store > dashboard > manage emails, but i don’t see that. thank you for your help!reply
 scott chow says:
february 15, 2020 at 8:19 amhi valerie,here is a step-by-step guide to creating a custom email address for your blog.reply
 fay says:
january 24, 2020 at 4:35 amhi. thanks for the tutorial.can you do this whole process for a blog with your smartphone?reply
 scott chow says:
january 24, 2020 at 6:40 amhi fay,yes, you can do the whole process with your smartphone.reply
 april l tarantino says:
january 23, 2020 at 1:10 amhi scott. thank you so much for this info. i am very eager to make my own blog but really haven’t a clue where to start or what to blog about. do you have any recommendations on how to figure out my niche? tia!reply
 scott chow says:
january 23, 2020 at 10:58 amhi april,the best niche for you is something you have an active interest in.  think of the things you enjoy spending your time doing and/or learning about.  travel, fashion, fitness, and food are all popular topics.  once you figure out what sounds most interesting to you, your job as a blogger is to provide your unique perspective and experience with that topic.  for more detailed info check out this post on finding your niche.reply
 patricia brock says:
january 22, 2020 at 7:29 pmyour tutorial was so helpful and you are so easy to follow and you have a very good speaking voice.thank you so much for taking the time to have this website, you tube and making yourself available for questions.reply
 christiana says:
january 22, 2020 at 3:35 pmhi scott
thank you very much for taking the time to do this. i want to do a blog about fitness and health diet recipes but am not an expert or anything it’s just something i do on daily basis and i feel like i want to start blogging about it even though i know there are tons of fitness blogs out there but i know this is me being me and the routines i go through and i want to know what you think about it. thanksreply
 scott chow says:
january 22, 2020 at 6:41 pmhi christiana,a blog sounds perfect for your situation.  people enjoy learning about things from someone who is actually doing it, not some armchair expert.yes, there are a lot of fitness blogs already, but that is only because there are also a ton of people who want to read great fitness and health content!best of luck, and let me know if you need any help along the way.reply
 susan hollister says:
january 21, 2020 at 3:34 pmnewbie question: so what’s the difference between a blog and a website?? some blogs seem to be “embedded” in a website. should one create a website first? then how do you connect the two? thanks ahead.reply
 scott chow says:
january 22, 2020 at 3:54 pmhi susan,a blog is a type of website.  you are correct, you can have a traditional website and then have a separate section of the site for a blog.  if you are looking for a more traditional website you can follow my guide to starting a website here.
if you follow the tutorial on this page you will have a blog.  no need to create a separate website first.reply
 rasheeda hasan says:
january 19, 2020 at 9:45 amfantastic, and very help. thank you for such a great help and guidance. you made something impossible possible. thank you from the bottom of my heart.reply
 jackie goodfellow says:
january 19, 2020 at 2:05 amthank you so much for your blog. i have had so much fun setting mine up and it might never have happened without your blog. i particularly found the video very clear, concise and helpful.reply
 amber vess says:
january 18, 2020 at 9:19 pmhey. i want a blog but have so many things it’s like to cover…i need help with a name… could you help me?reply
 scott chow says:
january 19, 2020 at 9:48 amhi amber,sure, just send me a message through my contact page with some more details on what your blog will be about.reply
 sarah says:
january 18, 2020 at 7:42 pmhi. i’m thinking i may have signed up for the wrong type of blog. i’ve just created a wordpress.com personal blog site (ancestry). i’m just starting the site but am getting notifications that to use any plug-ins i need to upgrade to a business account (yikes not inexpensive!). should i have signed up for wordpress.org??reply
 scott chow says:
january 18, 2020 at 7:44 pmhi sarah,yes, wordpress.org is what you want.  just follow the steps in the tutorial on this page to create a wordpress.org blog using bluehost.replyleave a reply cancel replyyour email address will not be published. required fields are marked *comment *name * email * website  
δfeatured on:


  scott chowhelping start blogs since 2002.steps for building your blog    
step 1: get startedstep 1
     
step 2: set up your blogstep 2
     
step 3: how to use your blogstep 3
     
step 4: blog customizationstep 4
     
step 5: start writing your blogstep 5
     
step 6: promote your blogstep 6
     
how to make money bloggingstep 7
    free blog helpcontact me for free 
 step 1: get started>>
 copyright © 2025. the blog starter. all rights reserved.homeabout meblogresourcestermsdisclosureprivacyfaqcontact methe blog starter never shares personal information with 3rd parties, nor do we store information about our visitors except to analyze and optimize the reading experience through the use of cookies. you can change your browser settings to opt-out of cookies at anytime.




 limited time saleeverything you need to start your blog for just $1.99/monthclaim your discount

×			
                      



