

















welcome to sid chavers company | sid chavers co.





















































      skip to main content
    













sid chavers co.








main navigation


home


store


about


our work


contact
















hotslot™ mail slot rear window
while large enough to provide the visibility you need to the rear, the hotslot™ gives you a more "private" feel inside the car while giving you a classic "chopped" custom appearance from the outside.
we now have many sizes of convertible top rear windows in stock. cnc billet, chrome-plated inner & outer. sar acrylic lens.
read more






coolslot™ opening rear window
looking for that mail slot rear window, but need some air flow? check out our universal fit window called the cool slot™. our solution is the perfect answer for when the sun is too hot. 
we now have many sizes of convertible top rear windows in stock. cnc billet, chrome-plated inner & outer. sar acrylic lens.
read more






gangster coolslot™ opening rear window
looking for that "perfect" low rider gangster window? check out our universal fit window called the cool slot™ gangster window. our solution is the perfect answer for when the sun is too hot. 
we now have many sizes of convertible top rear windows in stock. cnc billet, chrome-plated inner & outer. sar acrylic lens
read more














our featured top products


boptop - removable roadster top


hotslot - mail slot rear window


coolslot - opening rear window




















welcome to sid chavers company









 sid chavers company caters to the hot rod and custom auto marketplace with high-quality aftermarket accessories, instructional videos, and supplies. sid chavers and his team are dedicated to their craft. they make old cars feel like new, with various fabrics, wood, metal, carpet, sound systems, gps, and exotic blends of fine stitched leather. sid’s shop is a place where you're guaranteed a quality product and many happy road miles in your comfortable interior. latest news updates


 


1933 ford with 345 hp boss 302 built by brizio street rods - streetrodder



read more


1933 ford with 345 hp boss 302 built by brizio street rods - streetrodder
          beyond covering the convertible top sid chavers company upholstered the interior and trunk. beginning with a base of dynamat sound and heat damping mat laid in the trunk and interior floor, padding was added to provide additional soundproofing and create a level surface to lay tan german square weave carpeting. the door and trunk panels as well as the seat were scratch built and then upholstered in caramel leather. 
    













boptop™ customer cars


sid chavers upholstery



in the press


our stitch of excellence award











sid chavers company. online store

online store











gallery of boptops on customer cars.



















contact us
sid chavers company.
san marcos, ca 92078(location not open to public)
1.408.980.9081
sid@sidchaverscompany.com









social media
 

facebook
instagram


            find us on social media
        











instagram feed




 


more instagram posts
























copyright© 1976-2024 sid chavers co. all rights reserved










































