
digital photo printing software - print your digital photos.






















 











home



what's new


downloads


purchase


support/faq


contact
















home page  

what's new  

downloads  

purchase  

support/faq  

contact us  

more links  

photo watermark  



audio recorder  


sql decryptor  


resource 




reciprocal partners:

text to
            speech,text to mp3 with natural voices

findd best software








award:
























   









description: 





 




get photocool + batch photo watermark 
					for only $35.95($59.90)

 





















  key features     
 print multiple different photos on one page 
 save paper by printing a full page 
 add text and captions to photos. 
 edit and enhance photos.

rotate, crop, remove red-eye

 easy to get photos from scaner or digital camera.. 

 you can add frame to photos with customize frame. 

 you can create wonderful layout ready to go in just a few minutes. 
               batch print  a folder of photos. 
contact sheets printing
passport photo printing 
4x6-5x7-8x10 photo printing


 photocool 
			2.12 released! 
the best digital photo printing software! 




 print your digital photos in seconds! you can print multiple photos in one page.you can make photo albums, passport,mini id cards,cd covers , contact sheets and 4x6 or 5x7 photos with photocool and make your photos into cool memories. all you need is four steps and a good photo paper; you will in no time have great prints to smile at.

        photocool gives you many options to retrieve photos from digital camera, scanners or disk. all the operations can be performed by drag-and-drop or images can be arranged by thumbnails, by size or manual mode. 








once you have uploaded your photos you can use the editing tools by photocool image editor. 
the programs image editor can edit individual images with tools like rotate, flip, color and light levels, crop, blur, sharpen, alpha ,red eye remove and perform color corrections. if you cannot wait to share the photos with your friends send them directly through email. photocool is software which is extremely easy to use. it will complete all your tasks in just four steps. 
      you can add frame to photos with customize frame. 
      you can create wonderful layout ready to go in just a few minutes. use photocool and make your photos come alive. 




		       
            you can also add text watermark to your photos with our batch
            photo watermark(20% off) software.


  
  this is 
            a great product.very nice design and extremely easy to use.the 
            best digital photo printing software i have used.
       ----thomas 
        yang 



your software for printing photos is super.  it's the exact program i've been looking for and i just love it.  thank you so much.  i will e-mail my friends and tell them what a super program this is.  thanks again. 
               ----dick willet 




 free trial  


this is photo printing software that you just need 
              for your digital 
              photos! 
get photocool for only 
              $29.95    
              now!






free 
                    download
			









purchase online  
              








full 30 days money 
                  back guarantee!


risk free to order 

you are absolutely satisfied or your 
			money back 

no questions asked 






 how to use! 



print photos as easy as 
              1-2-3-4! four steps and you're done! here's all the 
              "technical" stuff you need to know.   
                       
                   




step #1 is so 
                    easy...     
                    



browse your hard drive to select the folder that contains your favorite photos by clicking browse images button in toolbar. that's all... you're ready to go!










then, there's step #2... 
                    



set page layout by clicking change page layout button in toolbar!select arrange mode you want to use(manual,thumbnail or bysize). 








there's step #3... 
                    



add images to layout.select those photos you want print ,and drag and drop these photos to workarea,or you can doblle-click on the selected image on left pane.if you want to touch up your photos ,you can open image editor to edit your photos by double-click the image object.








and finally, step #4... 
                    



you're done.click print button in toolbar,select normal or optimize in print effect frame of print dialog to print your photos.before printing,you can change pagesetup by clicking pagesetup button in toolbar.of course,it is recommended that setup the pages before step #2.



                 


 support


if you have questions or 
              problems about downloading or using,please  contact 
              us .
              if you have any 
              problems about purchsing, please let me know atsales@ussun.com, or 
              call plimus,us fax number : 
              1-858-777-5553  
              .








 





copyright ?2002-2011 ussun. all rights 
reserved. 
protected by the copyright 
laws of the united states and by international 
treaties.



