


  

green-e | powering a renewable future





































news
events
verification reports
glossary
faq
get updates












search form

search


















aboutabout green-e®
contact us
jobs
references
standard setting
who

programsgreen-e® climate
green-e® energy
green-e® marketplace
green-e® renewable fuels

participant portalgreen-e® climate participant portal
green-e® energy participant portal
green-e® marketplace participant portal
green-e® renewable fuels participant portal

crs listed




find certified products & companies

















2024 green-e® verification report (2023 data)
green-e® certified more than 125 million megawatt-hours of retail transactions in 2023, representing an overall increase of nearly 10% compared to 2022 sales. »


 










powering a renewable future
green-e® energy is a global standard for renewable energy certification »


 










certify your business with green-e® marketplace 
we can help you take your sustainable business and products farther »


 










green-e® climate certified offsets
reduce your impact from flying, driving, heating and more with certified carbon offsets »


 










green-e® renewable fuels
learn about our new green-e® standard and certification program for renewable fuels and associated environmental attributes »


 




















welcome to green-e® certification


center for resource solutions' green-e® certification program is the trusted global leader in clean energy certification. we make it easy for businesses and individuals to purchase verified clean energy with confidence, and for consumers to choose sustainable products and services. we advocate for the advancement of clean energy policy, markets, and technology, and believe in their economic and environmental benefits. by working together, we can power a renewable future.
 




latest news




  

 


green-e® energy certification program approach to oregon's clean energy targets bill
august 8, 2024
on january 5, 2024, the oregon public utility commission adopted order no. 24-002 on issues related to the implementation of hb 2021, the oregon clean energy targets bill.
full article »
  

  

 


crs partners with stx group to offer first green-e® certified renewable energy product in singapore
april 22, 2024
singapore, 23 april, 2024 – stx group, a leading global environmental commodities trading and climate solutions firm, is expanding 
full article »
  

  

 


2023 green-e verification report (2022 data) released
march 5, 2024
crs, through its green-e® energy certification program, certified more than 114 million megawatt-hours (mwh) in 2022 through 158 companies, the highest number of certified retail mwh to date.
full article »
  

  

 


market advisory: oregon house bill 2021 and green-e® standard change
february 21, 2024
center for resource solutions, which runs the green-e® energy certification program, is sending this notice to regional stakeholders and all green-e® program participants to notify them of changes to the green-e® renewa
full article »
  

  

 


2023 green-e® residual mix emissions rates released
december 12, 2023
center for resource solutions (crs) released updated green-e® residual mix emissions rates, which are default greenhouse gas (ghg) emissions rates for untracked and unclaimed electricity by region in the u.s. with green-e® certified renewable energy purchases factored out.
full article »
  

 
1 of 11




load more »
 











quick links

find certified clean energy and offsets
crs listed facilities
residual mix tables
latest news












 
















privacy policy




trademark notice




en español                jobs




x linkedin








green-e® is a program of center for resource solutions. all content © 2025 crs



















