


campaign to end the death penalty (cedp) austin






























tuesday, november 13, 2007



	 
	 join the peoples protest against judge sharon killer keller
	 
    


    why: judge sharon keller has violated the judicial code of conduct and damaged the integrity of the texas judiciary. she should resign or be removed from office. on sept 25, keller said "we close at 5" and refused to accept an appeal 20 minutes after 5pm from a man set to be executed at 6 pm that day. she did not consult with the duty judge or any other judges on the court before refusing to accept the appeal. michael richard was executed on sept 25, but he would not have been executed that night if keller had not acted unethically and violated his constitutional rights. richard was the last person executed in the u.s.before the start of the current de facto moratorium pending the u.s. supreme court's decision in the baze v. rees case on the constitutionality of lethal injection as a method of execution. date: friday, nov 16 at 4:45 schedule:  4:45 pm start to gather and get in line to deliver letters urging keller to resign and the copy of the judicial complaint to the clerk of the court.5:00 the court closes, but we want to have people standing in line with letters to deliver, so that they are inconvenienced and forced to stay open an extra 20 minutes to serve everyone in line.5:20 rally with speakers outside on the court plaza. place: texas court of criminal appeals, 201 west 14th street (this is the official address. we will meet on the plaza around the corner facing congress ave.) austin, tx   action: we will be delivering a copy of a judicial complaint against sharon keller signed so far by more than 1300 members of the public. you can still sign the complaint by clicking here or visiting the website www.sharonkiller.com we ask that people bring their own personally written letters urging keller to resign and you can deliver yours to the clerk of the court. 



posted by thankgodforpbr at 5:30 pm / 






tuesday, november 06, 2007



	 
	 we saved kenneth!
	 
    


movement to save kenneth foster wins historic victory                                        august 30, 2007movement to save kenneth foster wins historic victoryfamily members and supporters of kenneth foster, jr. are jubilant in the reaction to texas governor rick perry's today's announcement today that he would commute the death sentence of kenneth foster, who was convicted under the controversial "law of parties" for a 1996 murder in which he had no actual involvement. the board of pardons and paroles had recommended clemency by a vote of 6-1. foster's execution had been scheduled for tonight.in a statement announcing the commutation, perry said, "i am concerned about texas law that allowed capital murder defendants to be tried simultaneously and it is an issue i think the legislature should examine."reaction among foster's family and friends included both joy and disbelief. "we felt a bit of disbelief because perry's decision was so unprecedented." said dana cloud of the save kenneth foster campaign. "but everyone is so happy that kenneth will be able to touch his wife and daughter and that we have a chance of seeing him free. anything is possible when you are alive."claire dube, a close high-school friend of kenneth's and an active member of the save kenneth foster campaign, broke into tears when she heard the news. "we don't even know what to say. it's incredible."keith hampton, foster's attorney, also expressed relief and happiness at winning his client's life. hampton thanked the activists of the grassroots movement that started in austin and spread around the world for putting the necessary pressure on the board and the governor to win. "extra-legal means work," he said."governor perry once said that there was no hue and cry against the death penalty in texas," commented lily hughes of the campaign to end the death penalty. "well, here was your hue and cry."foster's family and other supporters will continue to work to free him from prison. "it seems like ten years on death row under 23-hour lockdown could amount to time served for any crime that kenneth ever committed," cloud said.perry's decision is historic. not only has the board of pardons and paroles rarely recommended clemency (by one count, 3 times since 1982), but rick perry has overseen more executions than any governor of the state of texas, including george bush."this case demonstrated to the world just how arbitrary and capricious capital punishment is," cloud said. "it gives people pause when someone who killed no one could come this close to being executed.""public sentiment has been turning against capital punishment," hughes said. "we've seen a lot of states stop executing people. winning kenneth's life might be a real turning point in the history of the death penalty in texas."labels: activism, death penalty, kenneth foster



posted by thankgodforpbr at 1:11 pm / 






tuesday, may 29, 2007



	 
	 statewide meeting for kenneth foster
	 
    


 stop the execution of kenneth foster, jr. ! the time is now to save an innocent man!statewide meeting:wednesday may 30, at 6:30pmcarver library1161 angelina street(off rosewood and angelina – take 11th street east from i-35 about 7 blocksat the light, bear left onto rosewood, then take a left on angelina)kenneth foster, jr. was sentenced to death in may 1997 for driving acar from which mauriceo brown got out and shot michael lahood, jr.kenneth's case is currently at a critical juncture, as the state oftexas has recently given him an execution date of august 30, 2007.kenneth could be killed simply because of the gross misuse of the lawof parties.  as the austin chronicle has put it, he was in "the wrongplace at the wrong time."kenneth is a founding member of d.r.i.v.e., a group of death rowprisoners who organize using methods of nonviolent resistance, tofight for humane conditions on  death row in texas.  go tofreekenneth.com, www.myspace.com/kf999232,  or drivemovement.org.join a campaign to save the life of kenneth foster, jr. and help shinea light on the injustice of the texas death penalty system!  join usfor an organizing meeting of groups and individuals who want to worktogether on this campaign.for more information call 494-0667 or email cedpaustin@gmail.com orcheck out myspace.com/cedpaustin.



posted by thankgodforpbr at 8:58 am / 






sunday, april 22, 2007



	 
	 happy hour tomorrow!
	 
    


cedp happy hour tomorrow!  the campaign to end the death penalty is hosting a happy hour for rodney reed tomorrow, monday, april 23, at 7:00pm at double dave's, on duval near the intersection of duval and san jacinto on the north side of the ut campus. rodney reed is an innocent man on texas' death row.  he was wrongly convicted in bastrop county of the 1996 murder of stacey stites.  the pattern of police and prosecutorial misconduct,existing physical evidence not heard at trial, and the overall racist tone of rodney's trial cast strong doubt on rodney's guilt.  cedp is working together right now with rodney's family, texas death penalty abolition groups, and other community organizations to call for a new trial for rodney reed at which all the evidence of his innocence can be presented.  you can learn more and sign a petition calling for a new trial at www.freerodneyreed.org. roderick reed, one of rodney's brothers, and bryce benjet, one of rodney's attorneys, will be there to discuss the case, rodney's innocence, and how the public can help win justice for rodney reed.  please join us for this important, informative, and fun event! beer, pizza, and other refreshments will be available.for more information, email stfcollins@yahoogroups.com or call 512-784-8550.



posted by thankgodforpbr at 3:49 pm / 






wednesday, april 18, 2007



	 
	 dallas morning news calls for abolition of the death penalty
	 
    


death no more: it's time to end capital punishment http://www.dallasnews.com/sharedcontent/dws/dn/opinion/editorials/stories/dn-toy_01edi.art.state.edition1.43b925d.htmlsunday, april 15, 2007ernest ray willis set a fire that killed two women in pecos county. sosaidtexas prosecutors who obtained a conviction in 1987 and sent mr. willistodeath row. but it wasn't true.seventeen years later, a federal judge overturned the conviction,finding thatprosecutors had drugged mr. willis with powerful anti-psychoticmedicationduring his trial and then used his glazed appearance to characterizehim as"cold-hearted." they also suppressed evidence and introduced neitherphysicalproof nor eyewitnesses in the trial – and his court-appointed lawyersmounteda lousy defense. besides, another death-row inmate confessed to thekillings.the state dropped all charges. ernest ray willis emerged from prison apauper.but he was lucky: he had his life. not so carlos de luna, who wasexecuted in1989 for the stabbing death of a single mother who worked at a gasstation.for years, another man with a history of violent crimes bragged that hehadcommitted the crime. the case against mr. de luna, in many eyes, doesnotstand up to closer examination.there are signs he was innocent. we don't know for sure, but we do knowthatif the state made a mistake, nothing can rectify it.and that uncomfortable truth has led this editorial board to re-examineitscentury-old stance on the death penalty. this board has lost confidencethatthe state of texas can guarantee that every inmate it executes is trulyguiltyof murder. we do not believe that any legal system devised byinherentlyflawed human beings can determine with moral certainty the guilt ofeverydefendant convicted of murder.that is why we believe the state of texas should abandon the deathpenalty –because we cannot reconcile the fact that it is both imperfect andirreversible.flaws in the capital criminal justice system have bothered troubled usforsome timeyears. we have editorialized in favor of clearer instructionstojuries, better counsel for defendants, the overhaul of forensic labsandrestrictions on the execution of certain classes of defendant. we haveurgedlawmakers to at least put in place a moratorium, as other states have,toclosely examine the system.and yet, despite tightening judicial restrictions and growing concern,theexonerations keep coming, and the doubts keep piling up without anyreactionfrom austin.from our vantage point in dallas county, the possibility of tragic,fatalerror in the death chamber appears undeniable. we have seen a parade of13 menwalk out of the prison system after years – even decades – ofimprisonment forcrimes they didn't commit. though not death penalty cases, theseexamples –including an exoneration just last week – reveal how shakyinvestigativetechniques and reliance on eyewitnesses can derail the lives of theinnocent.the tulia and the fake-drug scandals have also eroded public confidencein thejustice system. these travesties illustrate how greed and bigotry canpoisonthe process.it's hard to believe that such pervasive human failings have neverresulted inthe death of an innocent man.in 2001, supreme court justice sandra day o'connor said, "if statisticsareany indication, the system may well be allowing some innocentdefendants to beexecuted."some death penalty supporters acknowledge that innocents may have beenand mayyet be executed, but they argue that serving the greater good is worthriskingthat unfortunate outcome. supreme court justice antonin scalia arguesthat thebyzantine appeals process effectively sifts innocent convicts from thegreatmass of guilty, and killing the small number who fall through is a riskhe'swilling to live with. according to polls, most texans are, too. butthiseditorial board is not.justice scalia calls these innocents "an insignificant minimum." butthatminimum is not insignificant to the unjustly convicted death-rowinmate. it isnot insignificant to his or her family. the jurist's verbiageconcealsthismarks a transgression against the western moral tradition, whichestablishesboth the value of the individual and the wrongness of making aninnocentsuffer for the supposed good of the whole. shedding innocent blood hasbeen ascandal since cain slew abel – a crime for which, the bible says, godsparedthe murderer, who remained under harsh judgment.this newspaper's death penalty position is based not on sympathy forvilemurderers – who, many most agree, deserve to die for their crimes –but ratherin the conviction that not even the just dispatch of 10, 100, or 1,000ofthese wretches can remove the stain of innocent blood from our commonmoralfabric.this is especially true given that our society can be adequatelyguarded fromkillers using bloodless means. in 2005, the legislature gave juries theoptionof sentencing killers to life without parole.the state holds in its hands the power of life and death. it is anawesomepower, one that citizens of a democracy must approach in fear andtrembling,and in full knowledge that the state's justice system, like everythinghumanity touches, is fated to fall short of perfection. if we aredoomed toerr in matters of life and death, it is far better to err on the sideofmercycaution. it is far better to err on the side of life. the statecannotimpose death – an irrevocable sentence – with absolute certainty inall cases.therefore the state should not impose it at all. labels: dallas morning news, death penalty



posted by thankgodforpbr at 10:15 am / 






monday, april 16, 2007



	 
	 kerry max cook speaking at ut law tomorrow!
	 
    


 the texas journal of civil liberties and civil rights cordially invites you to attend: reexamining incarceration: a discussion on civil rights and the prison system april 17, 2007  12:00 – catered lunch (free!)francis auditorium, 2nd floor, ut law  kerry max cook, author of chasing justice   exonerated after spending two decades on texas ’  death row for a crime he did not commit (please rsvp for lunch to tjclcr@law.utexas. edu)    1:30 – panel  : “juvenile justice:  how do we fix this mess?", eidmann courtroom featuring speakers scott medlock , texas civil rights project, will harrell, aclu of texas, and isela gutierrez, texas coalition advocating for juvenile justice  3:00 – panel: “fighting from the outside: civil society challenges to the conditions of  incarceration” , eidmann courtroom  nicole porter, american civil liberties union of texas, michele deitch, professor, lbj school of public policy, university of texas, j. rogue, aids coalition to unleash power,  andria shively, inside books projectall events at ut school of law, www.utexas.edu/law, 727 e. dean keeton, austin tx 78705



posted by thankgodforpbr at 9:17 am / 






saturday, january 20, 2007



	 
	 capital punishment: at a crossroads? washington post editorial
	 
    


http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2007/01/13/ar2007011301271.htmlsunday, january 14, 2007 | d01dead endcapital punishment: at a crossroads, or is this the exit?by neely tuckerwashington post staff writegary gilmore, patron saint of the modern american execution, hear ourplea.give us potassium chloride, give us death, but give us two good gramsofsodium thiopental first.give us the long drop, the 2,000-volt surge, the cor-bon 185-grainjacketedhollow-point .45, but let the country give up this quest for a painlessexecution.is it even possible? it has been the holy grail of executioners formore thana century, and we are still plodding along the capital punishment road,vasthorizons ahead.lethal injections, once thought of as perfection revealed, are now onhold inmaryland, california, florida, missouri, south dakota. doctors saythat, ifimproperly administered, they might cause the condemned to die in pain.sincethis pain violates constitutional protections against cruel and unusualpunishment, and since lethal injections are now the method of choiceforalmost all executions, opponents think they may have found the way todo awaywith capital punishment in america."i don't think we've changed morally, but we may be in that process" ofabolishing the penalty, says richard dieter, executive director of thedeathpenalty information center."a pivotal moment in history," editorialized the lancet, a medicaljournalthat has played a key role in the latest attempts to outlaw lethalinjection.is this it? are we approaching the end?thirty years ago this week, gary, is the anniversary of your execution,theone you worked so hard to bring about, the one that reintroduced thenation tothe moral complexities of capital punishment after a decade's respite.did youfeel pain in that squalid utah state prison room, strapped into anofficechair in front of a grimy mattress, five rifles pointed toward thewhitecircle over your heart?the press reported your last public words:"let's do it."less known were your actual final words to a priest:dominus vobiscum.the lord be with you.and then, the blood dripping onto your shoes.* * *hanging. people used to like hanging.it worked pretty well. (see: hussein, saddam -- the hanging, not thechaos andhooting.) it asphyxiated, it snapped spinal cords. a big hit forcenturies theworld over. it clearly was less sadistic than disembowelment, thecrucifix,the pyre, the garrote.it didn't require much -- knotted rope, height -- and was rich insymbolism.hangman. gallows. noose.but hanging was so easy that lynch mobs used it, which led to nastyimageproblems, and it wasn't all that painless or quick, unless you knew howtocalculate prisoner weight, length of fall, pressure required to breaktheneck. people tended to squirm up there on the rope, which made peoplesquirmdown there on the ground.so, about 140 years ago, americans turned to their new god of sciencefor evenbetter ways to kill the condemned. anesthesia was in its infancy, andthiswould have a profound change on human existence and its termination --painwas no longer inevitable. it could be avoided and, in terms ofexecutions,people came to feel it should be.now, according to the associated press, at least 19 of the country's 38death-penalty states offer sedatives and anti-anxiety drugs tocondemnedinmates before execution, almost as if they're putting the family'sgoldenretriever to sleep."a great deal of effort goes into preparing the condemned felonmentally forwhat he's about to face," says edwin voorhies, warden at the southernohiocorrectional facility. "our goal is to get them to walk peacefully intothatchamber."this anesthetic concept introduced the fundamental american paradox ofexecution that continues to this day: it is constitutional to executecondemned criminals. it is not constitutional to hurt them while you doit."the proper punishment was viewed as death, not death plus lots ofpain," saysstuart banner, a professor at the ucla school of law and author of "thedeathpenalty: an american history." "the driving force behind the changes inexecutions ever since has been minimizing the pain for the condemned,both fortheir sake and that of the spectators."ah, yes. less discomfort for spectators. absolution for the living. wepromisethe condemned a painless death, something that none of the rest of usaregiven, and we employ the most modern means of science to accomplishthis. thecare taken is evidence that this is not revenge, or a continuation ofwhatscholar francis zimring calls "the vigilante tradition.""the sensitivity is not for people opposed to the death penalty,because theyare opposed to it on any grounds," says zimring, a law professor at theuniversity of california, berkeley, and author of "the contradictionsofamerican capital punishment." "it's for people who are ambivalentsupporters."and americans (including the president) do support the death penalty.they do so at 67 percent, though their betters -- newspaper editorialwriters,the french -- tell them they shouldn't. the united states is one offourcountries that account for about 95 percent of the world's executions(theothers being china, saudi arabia and iran). americans support it threedecadesafter all of western europe stopped, calling it outdated, unfair andbarbaric.amnesty international, human rights watch -- oh, you know.opponents generally portray it as being on its way out, though that ishardlyclear.two months ago, voters in wisconsin asked to reinstate the deathpenalty --153 years after abolishing it. the non-binding referendum, which saidthepenalty would be used only for vicious crimes where dna evidence provedguilt,passed at nearly 56 percent."it passed in 71 of 72 counties, and in some counties the vote was at68percent," said state sen. alan lasee (r), who pushed the bill.this despite the patchwork nature of capital punishment, the fact thatthereis really little rhyme nor much reason as to who gets executed, andwhy. (aman is executed in north carolina for killing his stepdaughter, but thebtkkiller in kansas and the green river killer in washington get life inprison.)it is so seldom used (56 times last year) that it has long sincestopped beinga working part of the criminal justice system. in the past 20 years,prosecutors and supporters have begun saying it is needed because it"bringsclosure" to victims' families, but they can't possibly mean that,because thatwould imply that 99 percent of the families of victims never getclosure. thesystem is filled with what supreme court justice harry a. blackmun oncecalled"arbitrariness, discrimination, caprice and mistake."with so much imperfection about crime and punishment, it seemed theleastthing the nation could do was to find the perfect means of execution.therewould be one perfect note in the whole process, and it would be, withmorbidcertainty, the last one.by killing painlessly, we would accommodate the constitution andassuage ourconscience -- the condemned would have a gentler death than they dealtout.(or, at least, than they were convicted of having dealt out.)this search started long ago. for a while, back in the 1800s, there wassomething called the "upright jerker." it was inverted hanging -- youstillhad the noose, but you didn't drop -- a contraption snapped you up inthe air!it was supposed to be a quicker death.but it was still so low-tech.by 1886, a new york commission sat down and considered 34 differentmeans ofdoing the deed. there were three desirable criteria, which have beenthehallmarks of executions in america ever since: (a) speed, (b) absenceof painand (c) lack of blood.their answer then, much as it would be 100 years later, would be toturn tothe science of the day. electricity was the latest thing. it had neverbeenused to intentionally kill anyone before, and it wasn't even known howitcaused death (ventricular fibrillation, it would turn out).but new science? technology?brilliant!edison was involved in the design. the big decision was whether to usedirector alternating current.william kemmler was the first killer strapped in, electrodes attachedto thebase of his spine, to a metal cap strapped onto his head. pressaccounts sayhe told the prison authorities to take their time and do it right.boy, did they!capillaries in his face burst. blood oozed onto his face. burnt flesh.singedhair. the 25 spectators were nauseated. he was dead, all right, but itwasn'tquite what people pictured.but you can't stop americans from improving on things. the kinks wereworkedout. the chair remains in use today, though rarely, and not without theoccasional mishap.there were other developments, too, some rehashed, some new.firing squad?dramatic, instant. excellent! (but bloody.)gas?1924's brainchild! used in 1960 for caryl chessman, best-selling prisonauthorand worldwide sensation for death-penalty opponents! one could not helpthinking about that pause between the gas pellets dropping and thefirst whiffof lethal fumes. and wondering about just how long human beings canhold theirbreath.lethal injection?what could be better?oh. wait.* * *stanley "tookie" williams did not die well.the "execution team" at san quentin didn't set the intravenous line inhis armproperly in 2005 when the crips co-founder lay strapped to the gurney.thismeant he may have been conscious to feel the deadly potassium chloridepourinto his veins."it would be a cruel way to die: awake, paralyzed, unable to move, tobreathe,while potassium burned through your veins," said the lancet.nobody really knows if williams died in pain, but the process didn'tlookgood. when a federal judge questioned the executioners about theerrors, oneteam member said the crew wasn't exactly broken up about it:"[expletive] does happen," the witness said.it turned out the executioners had no training in mixing the lethaldrugs.also, one member had been disciplined for smuggling illegal drugs intoprison.also, the team leader had received a diagnosis of post-traumatic stressdisorder. also, a bunch of sodium thiopental -- an addictive controlledsubstance -- was taken from the prison pharmacy by execution teammembers and,um, not used or returned. (at least somebody out at san quentin wasfeeling nopain.)four hundred years of execution in this country (the first one was atjamestown, 1607, firing squad), and this is where we are.then, in 2006, angel nieves diaz in florida took twice as long to dieas the15-minute procedure usually takes, because the technicians had put theneedleall the way through his vein, delivering the mix into the tissue of hisarm,not the bloodstream. he had chemical burns on his arm at autopsy. some24minutes into the procedure, technicians reported he was blinking,licking hislips. it led to a halt of all executions in florida.this, coupled with the judge's hold on executions in california, becamenational headlines. now all lethal injections across the country areprettymuch on hold while the courts sort it all out.shocking! lethal injection errors! people act like this is new.did everyone forget john wayne gacy?chicago's killer clown, strangler of 33 teenage boys and young men, wasduefor lethal injection in 1994. gacy ate a last meal of fried chicken,said hewas innocent, said, "kiss my ass," and lay down on the table for hislethalinjection.the intravenous tubes clogged. the drugs wouldn't go through.prison officials had to close the blinds to the execution chamber,reset theiv, then open the blinds. then they killed him.nobody really cried, because nobody really liked john wayne gacy,anyway,though he could paint a nice clown picture.* * *people forget, gary, they do.they forget what you knew, as soon as you shot those men out in utah:killinga man is easy.the living with it after. that's what's hard.that's what maybe this country has learned: we are a society that killscertain prisoners. we kill more in some years, less in others. it comesandgoes. but there is no perfect, painless, fair way to do it. it turnsout thereis no absolution for the living. it turns out the dead haunt us. it isathought as disturbing as the bodies of richard hickock and perry smith,thekillers in truman capote's "in cold blood," dying the old-fashionedway,swinging at the end of a rope in the middle of the kansas night.the images do not lie easy on us, not in our sleep, not in yours, andit seemsthey never will.perhaps that is as it should be.



posted by thankgodforpbr at 9:20 am / 










 weekly meetings
wednesdays, 7:00 pm on ut campus, noa 1.126 @ 26th and wichita, austin tx 
upcoming events

execution alerts!
none! national de facto moratorium!

ongoing projects
d.r.i.v.e.
rodney reed


   cedp austin is a ut-based group dedicated to abolishing the death penalty and winning justice for those on death row.  we encourage all students and community members to join us in rallying, marching, and organizing to achieve these goals.  be sure to contact us if you wish to become involved. 

  cedp austin is a chapter of the campaign to end the death penalty.
contact

e-mail: cedpaustin[at]gmail.com
phone: (512) 482-0642

links

abolish the death penalty blog
aclu death penalty
amnesty international usa
campaign to end the death penalty
national coalition to abolish the death penalty
scheduled executions in texas
texas moratorium network
texas students against the death penalty

   aclu execution watch
previous posts

join the peoples protest against judge sharon kill...
we saved kenneth!
statewide meeting for kenneth foster
happy hour tomorrow!
dallas morning news calls for abolition of the dea...
kerry max cook speaking at ut law tomorrow!
capital punishment: at a crossroads? washington po...
start off the new semester-- fight the death penalty!
in memory of michael johnson
march to stop executions

archives

october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
january 2007
april 2007
may 2007
november 2007



 








 











cedp austin 2005 - top of main page - contact - site design by ajherz



