








home - turtle time, inc.











































 






skip to content


























 
home
sea turtles

species
anatomy


nest data
ways to help
blog
about
contact
 





 

 × home
sea turtles

species
anatomy


nest data
ways to help
blog
about
contact
 





























it's time to save
the turtles






learn how you can help






















turtle nesting season













 






may 1 - october 31 











turtle nesting season is may 1st through october 31st. please shield your lights so that they are not visible from anywhere on the beach. replace exterior lighting bulbs with amber led bulbs which give you 10,000 hours of turtle-friendly light! you can find certified amber led dealers at www.myfwc.com. close drapes or blinds after dark and avoid using flashlights or fishing lanterns on the beach.
please remember, your lights can mean life or death to endangered sea turtles!









sea turtle friendly lighting:
fort myers beach sea turtle conservation ordinance
protecting endangered and threatened sea turtles from light pollution.  the original draft for a model sea turtle lighting ordinance  was initiated by the university college of law: sea turtle friendly lighting – a model ordinance for local governments.
read the background information here.
florida marine research institute technical reports
sea turtle video above by david diez


















2024 nest data













total nests this season
258











total nests hatched this season
129











total false crawls this season
480
















view area specific nest data



















turtle talk blog













 





















the enchanting world of sea turtles 


sea turtle news, 				videos 
we invite you to dive into the enchanting world of sea turtles, the ancient mariners of our oceans. these remarkable creatures have roamed the seas for millions of years, captivating the hearts ...



read more


 













sea turtle hatchlings need dark beaches 


sea turtle threats, 				videos 
sea turtle hatchlings need dark beaches in order to find their way into the gulf. lights act like magnets for sea turtles! please turn off or shield any lights visible from the ...



read more


 













of beautiful things to come this turtle season 


videos 
here's a wonderful video showing an early morning nest hatching on big hickory island last summer.



read more


 




















view more posts











view more videos































loggerhead sea turtle facts








loggerheads are air-breathing reptiles, scientific name caretta caretta.
the common name refers to the turtle’s large head.
loggerheads are the most common sea turtles in florida.
their food consists of mollusks, crabs and animals that encrust reefs and rocks.
they have been on earth for millions of years with little serious threat to the species – until recently.
weighing 250 – 400 pounds, adults can grow to more than three feet in length.
hatchlings are two inches long.
nesting occurs from may through august. hatching may extend through october.
the nest cavity is 18 – 22 inches in depth.
incubation period of the eggs in their sandy nest is 55 – 65 days.








learn more about sea turtles










 





























get in touch













(239) 481-5566 














p.o. box 2621, fort myers beach, fl 33932 








contact us










about us






turtle time, inc. is a not-for-profit organization dedicated to the recovery and conservation of marine turtles.
established in 1989, the group is the florida state-permitted monitoring organization for sea turtle activity from fort myers beach to the lee-collier county line.




















© 2025 turtle time, inc. •  all rights reserved. •  support by gifted owl









some images used on this site provided by the talented artists of unsplash








































