     local toyota dealership phoenix metro az | mesa, gilbert | earnhardt toyota                                                                        earnhardt toyota        sales 480-807-9700    service 480-218-2524         6136 e. auto loop avemesa, az 85206                                             service        map        contact                                earnhardt toyota                  call 480-807-9700   directions                 home   new   search inventory   toyotacare   toyota safety sense   trade appraisal   schedule test drive   toyota safety sense   rent a toyota   fuel efficient toyota models   kbb instant cash offer!     pre-owned   search inventory   toyota certified pre-owned vehicles   toyota certified program overview   new arrivals   nearly new   vehicles under 15k    over 30 mpg   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   carfax 1 owner   buy your car back   kbb instant cash offer!     buy from home   models   model research   model comparisons   new toyota bz4x review   new toyota camry hybrid review   new toyota corolla cross review   new toyota corolla sedan hatchback review   new toyota crown hybrid   new toyota crown signia review   new toyota gr corolla review   new toyota gr supra review   new toyota gr86 review   new toyota grand highlander review   new toyota highlander review   new toyota land cruiser review   new toyota mirai review   new toyota 4runner review   new toyota rav4 and rav4 prime review   new toyota sequoia review   new toyota sienna review   new toyota tacoma review   new toyota tundra review   new toyota venza review   new toyota prius review   toyota hybrid comparisons (2024)     specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   manufacturer specials   military rebate    college rebate     finance   complete/submit credit app   finance department   toyota auto insurance   kbb instant cash offer!     service    toyota service   toyotacare   schedule service   auto body shop   genuine toyota oem parts & services   safety recalls   toyota care plus   rent a toyota   express maintenance     parts   order parts   tire store   find toyota genuine parts     about   about   earnhardt history   earnhardt local   meet our staff   why buy from us   contact us   employment   hours & directions   toyota dealership awards   valley toyota dealers   leave us a review   toyota store pictures   connect with toyota app   apache junction city page   superstition springs city page   privacy policy   privacy requests     rent a toyota                   home   new   search inventory   toyotacare   toyota safety sense   trade appraisal   schedule test drive   toyota safety sense   rent a toyota   fuel efficient toyota models   kbb instant cash offer!     pre-owned   search inventory   toyota certified pre-owned vehicles   toyota certified program overview   new arrivals   nearly new   vehicles under 15k    over 30 mpg   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   carfax 1 owner   buy your car back   kbb instant cash offer!     buy from home   models   model research   model comparisons   new toyota bz4x review   new toyota camry hybrid review   new toyota corolla cross review   new toyota corolla sedan hatchback review   new toyota crown hybrid   new toyota crown signia review   new toyota gr corolla review   new toyota gr supra review   new toyota gr86 review   new toyota grand highlander review   new toyota highlander review   new toyota land cruiser review   new toyota mirai review   new toyota 4runner review   new toyota rav4 and rav4 prime review   new toyota sequoia review   new toyota sienna review   new toyota tacoma review   new toyota tundra review   new toyota venza review   new toyota prius review   toyota hybrid comparisons (2024)     specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   manufacturer specials   military rebate    college rebate     finance   complete/submit credit app   finance department   toyota auto insurance   kbb instant cash offer!     service    toyota service   toyotacare   schedule service   auto body shop   genuine toyota oem parts & services   safety recalls   toyota care plus   rent a toyota   express maintenance     parts   order parts   tire store   find toyota genuine parts     about   about   earnhardt history   earnhardt local   meet our staff   why buy from us   contact us   employment   hours & directions   toyota dealership awards   valley toyota dealers   leave us a review   toyota store pictures   connect with toyota app   apache junction city page   superstition springs city page   privacy policy   privacy requests     rent a toyota             










     vehicles available   filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      all new used certified    any year  any make  any model search     new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used      search       
















view new inventory











browse pre-owned











buy online











schedule service





               disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                                                                                                                                      search new inventory     search used inventory            explore our models  see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.      popular   cars & minivan   trucks   crossovers & suvs   electrified           rav4 27/35 est mpg      camry 32/41 est mpg      corolla 32/41 est mpg      tacoma 18/22 est mpg      land cruiser 22/25 est mpg          corolla 32/41 est mpg      corolla hatchback 32/41 est mpg      camry 32/41 est mpg      mirai 76/71 est mpg      gr86 20/26 est mpg      gr supra 25/32 est mpg      sienna 36/36 est mpg      crown 42/41 est mpg      gr corolla 21/28 est mpg          tacoma 18/22 est mpg      tundra 18/24 est mpg          land cruiser 22/25 est mpg      highlander 22/29 est mpg      grand highlander 21/28 est mpg      venza 40/37 est mpg      rav4 27/35 est mpg      corolla cross 31/33 est mpg      4runner 16/19 est mpg      sequoia 21/24 est mpg          prius plug-in hybrid 54/133 est mpge      prius 57/56 est mpg         corolla hybrid 53/46 est mpg      corolla cross hybrid 53/46 est mpg      crown 42/41 est mpg      highlander hybrid 36/35 est mpg      grand highlander hybrid 37/34 est mpg      rav4 hybrid 41/38 est mpg      rav4 plug-in hybrid 38/94 est mpge      sequoia 21/24 est mpg      sienna 36/36 est mpg      tundra i-force max 20/24 est mpge      venza 40/37 est mpg      mirai 76/71 est mpg      bz4x 252 mi est range     explore all new models          


the reliability you expect
12 month/12,000-mile limited comprehensive warranty


shop certified


     

2024 rav4

underneath the 2024 rav4's rugged good looks are capabilities that reveal the potential of where you can go, on- or off-road. one unmistakable spirit, multiple distinct versions. rav4 brings a new level of refinement that's sure to impress wherever you go.
view rav4 inventory


      






toyotacare

your exceptional experience starts with toyotacare, a no cost maintenance plan with 24-hour roadside assistance.
learn more








express maintenance

your time is valuable. so when your toyota needs factory-scheduled maintenance or repairs, don't let it slow you down.
learn more






       
     


earnhardt toyota dealership phoenix metro
as your local toyota dealer serving the phoenix metro area, our earnhardt toyota store is here to make new car shopping easy, effective and fun. wherever you live in the metro area, our mesa az store is easy to find.
our local toyota dealer staff is trained to focus on the customer’s needs above everything else. you will find lots of answers, but no pressure when you visit our store. how fast you move on a new ride is totally up to you.




for starters, you can browse our large inventory and reach out to us via online chat if you have questions. you can call our staff to ask about price quotes, financing, the latest new car specials, or new model year release dates.
speaking of car specials, if you do see a toyota sale or car special, you may want to act fast to get the exact toyota trim level you want while the deal is still valid.
we definitely encourage you to visit our store to see our selection up close. this is the best kind of research, although we have gathered comprehensive reviews on our model research page.
at earnhardt toyota dealership phoenix az, we take great pride in keeping the shopping process simple and straightforward. here you will find an exceptional selection of new vehicles straight from toyota - with no bull prices.
if you don’t have time to shop, don’t let that stop you from shopping locally. you can shop online with our convenient no bull express.






visit us 
visit earnhardt toyota at 6136 e. auto loop ave, mesa, az 85206, for an unforgettable experience where exceptional service and a warm welcome await you.
directions



     





toyota hybrids and evs
toyota hybrids represent a trend that has been gaining momentum even as electric vehicles finally make it to the marketplace. no other brand has so many hybrids in so many sizes. this variety is multiplied by many trim levels for each hybrid toyota.
in a recent article, forbes business insider praised the brand for staying the course on hybrids. toyota is the brand most considered by electric vehicle shoppers, beating out tesla and other brands, according to a recent gbk survey.




toyota leadership has succeeded in bringing these green machines to the marketplace while other brands have fallen behind. toyota hybrids are helping families, commuters and other budget-conscious consumers get true relief from gas prices.
forbes business insider explains what’s happening with hybrids:


nationwide hybrid sales rose by 65 percent last year.  meanwhile, ev sales grew at only a 46 percent rate.


nationwide hybrid sales accounted for 1.2 million new vehicles in 2023.


other brands who quit selling hybrids have now gone back to the marketplace. this includes gm, ford, honda and many more.


how many different hybrids does toyota actually produce? there are three hybrid 2-row toyota suvs. currently that’s the corolla cross hybrid, rav4 hybrid and venza.  the 2025 crown signnia is expected to emerge as a bigger alternative, replacing the venza.
speaking of big, the toyota highlander hybrid earns 35 mpg combined and has seats for 7 or 8. if that doesn’t suit you, you can also choose from the all-hybrid toyota sienna or the grand highlander hybrid xle. these two earn 36 mpg combined and seat 7 or 8 in even bigger cabins than the roomy highlander hybrid.
of course, the toyota prius is still very popular.  this is especially true with its new sporty appearances and its 194-horsepower performance. there’s also the toyota corolla hybrid, the toyota camry hybrid, and the exciting toyota crown sedan.
as if that weren’t enough choices, the variety continues with the prius prime se which can go for a remarkable 44 miles on its electric battery alone.   meanwhile it earns more than 50 mpg in combined driving.  the rav4 prime goes for about 42 miles on its electric battery and can earn as much as 40 mpg in city driving.  for a comprehensive overview on any toyota model, check out this model research page.
then there are the hybrid boost engines that save at the pump while providing incredible power for the toyota tundra iforce max, the toyota tacoma iforce max, and the grand highlander hybrid max.  whether you want high horsepower and torque for speedier performance or for hard work, these hybrids know how to satisfy your needs!  search truck inventory for hybrid toyota trucks.
last but not least, the 2024 toyota bz4x xle is a 100 percent electric vehicle now in the lineup. the top driving range is 252 miles, and fuel economy is rated at 119 mpg-equivalent.  
take a test drive and learn more at our phoenix metro toyota dealership.  your earnhardt toyota staff can answer your questions and demonstrate the many technologies on toyota hybrids today.














toyota certified pre owned
we invite you to explore our large variety of used and toyota certified pre-owned models. our no bull prices make used car shopping more straightforward.




if you want a really good value for your automotive dollar, you want a toyota certified preowned car, truck or suv. these vehicles have passed an intense inspection before being selected. they must meet strict age and mileage criteria, and they must have a clean carfax report.
our service department is called upon to approve every used car that we sell. so you can have peace of mind when shopping for used cars at earnhardt toyota dealership phoenix az.
furthermore, our used car inventory is handpicked for its variety and quality. we make an effort to have a range of price points to suit different types of buyers. our onsite financing can accommodate your needs, even if you are dealing with bad credit.








financing
our local toyota dealership staff has seen firsthand that phoenix metro drivers don’t have time to waste. consumers need to find competitive financing offers on the spot, and that is just what we provide.get pre approved.




whether you’re looking to lease or buy, our team of experts is here to help you find great financing options. naturally this includes toyota financing for loans and leases. if that doesn’t suit you, we’ve got you covered with our no bull financing and its competitive offers. 
for a low interest car loan or toyota lease, you can rely on the knowledge and integrity of your earnhardt toyota finance team. by working with a network of financial institutions, we make our customers' dreams of owning a toyota come true. get a car loan that you can afford by completing our online preapproval form.
your current ride may provide a down payment for your new toyota. even if you don’t want to buy from us, you can sell to us. value your trade for a solid cash offer.














toyota service and maintenance
when it comes to keeping your toyota on the road, there’s no better ally than the highly skilled technicians at earnhardt toyota. they utilize oem parts, contemporary technology, and well-stocked service bays to achieve long-lasting results. schedule service..




due to the strict guidelines laid down by the toyota brand, our service department is held to the highest standards. our master technicians and other highly skilled mechanics are trained by toyota to ensure excellence in everything from brake repair to engine overhauls.
so if you are looking for effective repairs and precision maintenance, your toyota will get the care it needs to be at its best. in fact, our technicians can apply their expertise to any make or model. 
bring your car repair needs to our toyota service center. we guarantee you’ll be happy with the results. after all, customer satisfaction is at the center of everything we do at earnhardt toyota. schedule service.








sales hours      monday 8:00am - 9:00pm    tuesday 8:00am - 9:00pm    wednesday 8:00am - 9:00pm    thursday 8:00am - 9:00pm    friday 8:00am - 9:00pm    saturday 8:00am - 8:00pm    sunday 10:00am - 6:00pm    

                      copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | safety recalls & service campaigns | hours | earnhardt toyota | 6136 e. auto loop ave, mesa, az 85206 | sales: 480-807-9700            



















  
              