











department of endodontics | school of dentistry














      skip to main content
    





 quicklinks



search







part of ut health san antonio


ut health san antonio




accreditation


coda third-party comments
coda complaints policy




dental news & events


news
events




logins


dental student absence reporting
livemail
canvas




schedule/ calendar/ catalog


class schedule
catalog
academic calendars




health/wellness


student health center
needlestick guidelines
needlestick incident report
insurance
counseling services




technology


service desk
password reset
techzone (computer store)




other


voice your opinion
ada accommodations
faculty directory
student directory
placement service
department list








menu













give






patient care






search/quicklinks









home


about


programs


admissions


student success


continuing education


alumni


research
















department of endodontics
endodontics focuses on the issues that can arise in the dental pulp within teeth. the clinical practice work, teaching, and research conducted by our faculty members encompasses the basic clinical sciences, which include biology of the normal pulp and the diagnosis, prevention, and treatment of pulp diseases.

admissions











home


about


programs


admissions


student success


continuing education


alumni


research






















we educate our students about diagnosis and treatment of pain and infections of the pulp and periradicular tissues. our faculty teach pulp capping, pulpotomy, and root canal therapies. we are leaders in researching and developing new treatments of root canal systems. our cutting-edge research focuses upon saving teeth and their interior pulp, even after traumatic injuries.


research




our research into stem-cell therapies within the dental pulp has lead to the rescue of teeth that would otherwise have to be removed. we are developing therapies that minimize oral pain by limiting the pain receptors' ability to communicate.
see our experts, subject areas, and publications




faculty




our faculty are known worldwide for their research expertise. they collaborate with others within ut health san antonio and around the world to learn more about tooth structure, dental pulp, and the possibilities of saving teeth once thought beyond repair.
faculty & staff








overview


meet the chair


endowments


awards


faculty


costar




divisions


graduate endodontics


endodontic program residents






programs


endodontics certificate




research


pain


regenerative endodontics




clinics


faculty endodontics


graduate residents endodontics




professional organizations


american association of dental, oral and craniofacial research


american association of endodontics


american board of endodontics


international association for the study of pain


international association of dental research


national institute for dental & craniofacial research


society for neuroscience




contact us













 




our mission is to treat patients at the highest-level of care. using evidence-based practice philosophies, state-of-the-art technology, we take pride in treating dental infections and patients in pain. 
dr. nikita ruparel















  news






groundbreaking in vivo imaging uncovers pain pathways, paving way for new tmj treatments  
school of dentistry dean elected chair of joint commission on national dental examinations
ut health san antonio school of dentistry researcher and her company earn small business technology transfer grant









view all news





events
























ut health san antonio
school of dentistry







210-567-7000







                                                                                    7703 floyd curl drive
                                                                                                                  san antonio, tx , 
                                                                                      tx
                                                                                      78229
                                                                                                            map and directions







patient care
contact us
patient rights and responsibilities
careers
language assistance
give a donation
compliance hotline
notice of privacy practices
non-discrimination notice
policies









we make lives better ®the university of texas health science center at san antonio, also called ut health san antonio, is a leading academic health center with a mission to make lives better through excellence in advanced academics, life-saving research and comprehensive clinical care including health, dental and cancer services.









web privacy | links from websites affiliated with ut health's website (uthscsa.edu) to other websites do not constitute or imply university endorsement of those sites, their content, or products and services associated with those sites. the content on this website is intended to be used for informational purposes only. health information on this site is not meant to be used to diagnose or treat conditions. consult a health care provider if you are in need of treatment.














