






appliances buy phone | appliances buy phone: discount appliances in ny, nj, ct & pa


























888-828-3302
 

 
 
 










home
contact
about
blog
weekly specials
 


select page


  
 



 



 














15+ years selling online
you are the most important visitor to our website!



let us try to save you money on all of your major appliance purchases. 
appliances buy phone are wholesalers of all major manufacturers brands of refrigerators, dishwashers, ranges, wall ovens, microwaves,hoods, washers and dryers, and air conditioners
**we specialize in all summit appliance products***
call us with any appliance manufacturer’s make and model number and we will work with you to save you money
888-828-3302






 


why buy from appliances buy phone?
we earn your trust and loyalty. we provide good, old-fashioned customer service by treating each of our customers like we would a member of our own family. when you call us, you get to speak with a friendly and knowledgeable representative who goes out of his way to help you decide on the appliance(s) that fit your needs and budget. we have been doing business online for over 15+ years and have over 40 years of experience within the appliance industry. we pride ourselves on our great follow-up and timely communications on all customer inquiries. we continue to offer the same great service, post-sale. our loyal customer base continues to grow as do our referrals from satisfied customers. this indicates our desire to meet and exceed quality standards set within our industry. we love what we do and understand that loyal customers and referrals come from satisfied clients.
we offer a huge inventory with a selection of the industry’s finest products available (including energy-star rated appliances) and at great, competitive prices. all products are brand new and come with a manufacturer’s warranty. most orders are shipped within 1 to 3 days, depending on location of delivery. sales tax is charged in nj. . we accept visa, american express,discover, mastercard, paypal, certified bank checks, or cash as payment for goods ordered




 






 


 
 




free local appliance delivery by county

 

new jerseynew yorkpennsylvaniaconnecticutbaltimore, mdwashinton d.c.




atlantic, bergen, burlington, camden, cape may, cumberland, essex, gloucester, hudson, hunterdon, mercer, middlesex, monmouth, morris, ocean, passaic, salem, somerset, sussex, union, warren

 

bronx, brooklyn, dutchess, manhattan, nassau, orange, putnam, queens, rockland, staten island, suffolk, sullivan, ulster, westchester

 

bucks, chester, delaware, lehigh, monroe, montgomery, northhampton, philadelphia, pike

 

fairfield, hartford, litchfield, middlesex, new haven, new london, tolland, windham

 

baltimore, md

 

washinton d.c.

 
 
 

shipping & return polices

 

 shipping policyreturn policyremovals





shipping includes delivery, unpacking and setting appliance(s) in place. delivery does not include installation. customer must inspect each item for any physical damages before signing any shipping documents. if item(s) has any dents, scratches or imperfections, customer is to refuse delivery and should call 888-828-3302 during normal business hours which are between 9 am and 11 pm daily, on the day of delivery, in order to reschedule delivery of a replacement item. re-delivery of appliances will ship within the time frame given for original delivery, according to location of delivery and type of major household appliance to be delivered. (regular or professional series).
delivery of your appliancesdelivery is normally completed within 1 to 3 days of receiving an order. if the item is not in stock, it could take between 7 to 10 working days for delivery. we normally call between 7pm to 9pm the night before scheduled delivery with a 3 hour window.
*****note: first two flight of stairs is free. any flight after the second will incur a charge of $10 extra per appliance per flight.****
our delivery associates make every effort to ensure a satisfactory delivery experience for our valued customers. please note that the shipping address you provide will be the address where the appliance(s) will be delivered. in order to effectuate an efficient delivery, we are providing you with the following important information:we will assign a three-hour time block during which your product will be delivered. we will call you between 7:00 pm – 9:00 pm the night before your delivery, or contact you by email, to inform you of the window of time you can expect your item(s) to be delivered.our delivery drivers can call you 30-60 minutes in advance of your delivery, if that would be helpful to you. just let us know at the time you place your order and we will make every effort to accommodate your needs. please also make sure to provide all the necessary contact information on your sales order.verify that all your personal information is correct including phone numbers, contacts and the address where the product(s) will be shipped to. it is important for us to have this information so that we can contact you with information concerning the delivery.please have the room prepared and ready to receive your new merchandise. for the safety of our delivery associates, please be sure to have your walkways and driveways clear and clean. unfortunately, the main reason appliances are returned is due to incorrectly measuring the space intended for the appliance.
 reviewing the following instructions will help you measure your space correctly:
measure the area where the appliance will be placed to be sure the product you’ve selected fits within these dimensions, taking note of cabinetry above and/or next to where the appliance will sit, as well as hinge and door placement, if applicable.make sure that you have an appropriate electrical outlet within 3-1/2 feet of the space you’ve chosen for your appliance. make sure the outlet is properly grounded (accepts a three prong plug), since most appliances require one.take a look at your basement, stairwells, doors, etc. along the way to your appliances final location, to make sure your product will fit through the space.please plan to meet our delivery associates at the delivery address during the three-hour time block so that you will be able to inspect your merchandise with our delivery associates. inspection upon delivery is required. if you are not home when our delivery drivers arrive, they will leave a note or call your phone number indicating the time they attempted to deliver your product.
*****please note: before accepting any trucking delivery, make certain to examine the unit for any signs of damage. remove the product from its packaging for a complete inspection. refuse the item or items if there are any dents, scratches or imperfections. appliances buy phone will replace the refused item within 24-48 hours, if the item is in stock, at our cost. if damage issues arise after signing for the merchandise, appliances buy phone will not be liable. therefore a thorough inspection of all packages is required and is very important before signing for and accepting your delivery.***********
note: unfortunately, we do not ship to alaska, hawaii, puerto rico or outside of the united states.
most orders within ct, de, md, nj, ny and pa are shipped within 1-3 business days, depending on availability. if the item is not in stock, it could take between 7 to 10 working days for delivery. we will advise customers of delivery time either by telephone or by email. we normally call between 7 pm and 9 pm the night before scheduled delivery with a 3 hour window. in all other areas, please allow approximately 2-3 weeks to receive your order for major household appliances and 3-4 weeks for major professional series appliances.
appliances buy phone reserves the right to cancel order(s) at any time.

 

all items are opened, must be inspected, and signed for.
if any item is found to need repair within the first 7 days, please call appliances buy phone at 888-828-3302. we will set up service for the item immediately. 
please note: before accepting any trucking delivery, make certain to examine the unit for any signs of damage. remove the product from its packaging for a complete inspection. refuse the item or items if there are any dents, scratches or imperfections. appliances buy phone will replace the refused item within 24-48 hours, if the item is in stock, at our cost. . appliances buy phone reserves the right to cancel order(s) at any time.
 if damage issues arise after signing for the merchandise, appliances buy phone will not be liable. therefore a thorough inspection of all packages is required and is very important before signing for and accepting your delivery. 

 

if you want your old appliances removed from the premises, they must be disconnected prior to the delivery. pay the delivery driver $20 for each appliance you wish to have removed. these appliances will be loaded onto the delivery truck and hauled away.
 

 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 



call us 7 days a week: 1 (888) 828-3302
                | hours of operation: mon-sun 9am - 11pm est |
107e amberly drive
manalapan nj 07726
  

 
 
 







