



the kent hotel | south beach | miami beach | official website


















































loading...









updating to continue with your booking 












rooms


amenities


promotions














                                    
                                        contact
                                    
                                



                                    
                                        my bookings
                                    
                                






                     english
                   




                          english
                        


                          español
                        

















01


the hotel






02


rooms






03


amenities






04


promotions






05


miami








gallery


contact and location


my bookings












                      english
                    




                              español
                            
















your art deco hotel in miami
                                    



                                        
                                            discover
                                        
                                    















                                        step into the magic of miami beach
                                    



                                        
                                            discover
                                        
                                    



















1. select dates
2. select occupancy







check-in



check-out







occupancy

                    
                        2 adults/0 children


                    
                        %total_adults %adults_label / %total_kids %kids_label












accommodation 1


adults








                                            children
                                            
                                        










accommodation 2


adults








                                            children
                                            
                                        











accommodation 3


adults








                                            children
                                            
                                        


















book here








                  
                    book here
                  
                












01 welcome to the hotel discover art deco charm and modern luxury
        







                 
                 secure booking, instant confirmation
               


                 
                 no middlemen, no extra fees
               


                 
                 exclusive deals you won’t find on other websites
               



          welcome to the new kent hotel, a charming art deco gem located in the heart of miami beach's vibrant south beach neighborhood. built in 1939, our 60-room boutique hotel has been lovingly restored to blend historic charm with modern conveniences. we invite you to experience the magic of miami beach from our doorstep, where you can enjoy the sun, sand, and sea just steps away. with world-class dining, shopping, and entertainment just a short walk or drive from our hotel, there’s something for everyone in this tropical paradise. come discover the perfect blend of old-world elegance and modern luxury at the kent hotel.


read more
read less









02 rooms enjoy the luxurious comfort of our rooms


                relax and unwind in our hotel kent, where every detail has been carefully crafted to ensure an unforgettable stay. our spacious and exquisitely designed rooms boast a range of amenities that will exceed your expectations. 
            


                see all
                








                        premier king balcony room
                      





                        superior king accessible room
                      





                        premier king room
                      





                        superior king room
                      





                        deluxe king room
                      





                        deluxe double queen
                      













03 promotions booking on the official website has its perks













                                  late checkout
                                

                                 when you book your stay on the kent hotel website, you will automatically receive a late check-out before 13:00. subject to availability.
                                 
                               





                                  priority for early check-in
                                

                                 you will receive priority for all early check-in opportunities, subject to availability.
                                 
                               





                                  rakija lounge @ the kent hotel
                                

                                 as a guest of the kent hotel, you will enjoy preferential service at the rakija lounge. the restaurant is open for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
                                 
                               





                                  save up to -20%
                                

                                 take advantage of exclusive discounts on the hotel website, with savings of 20% or more on your stay.
                                 
                               












04 destination explore miami , the magic city
            

                at kent hotel, we are here to help you make the most of your miami experience with our unbeatable location and personalized service. so come, immerse yourself in the magic of miami and let us show you why this city has captured the hearts of so many people.
            



                    
                        discover
                    
                








                                            
                                                read more
                                            
                                        






                                    little havana district
                                






                                            
                                                read more
                                            
                                        






                                    florida keys & key west
                                






                                            
                                                read more
                                            
                                        






                                    miami beach
                                






                                            
                                                read more
                                            
                                        






                                    oleta river state park
                                












05 location a few steps from the south beach



            we invite you to experience the magic of miami beach right from our doorstep, where you can enjoy the sun, sand and sea just steps away. reservations: 305.604.5068 1131 collins avenue, miami beach, fl 33139



                
                    discover
                
            





06 connect with us the kent stories








                                    kentsouthbeach
                                


                                        facebook
                                    

                                        instagram
                                    


















































top










contact
phone: 305.604.5068 1131 collins avenue, miami beach, fl 33139 sales@thekenthotel.com













partners








become an insider












i have read and accept the privacy policy



i authorise the processing of my personal data for marketing purposes (promotions, offers and other communications).







legal notice |
                
                    booking conditions |
                
                    cookies policy |
                
                    privacy policy |
                
                booking engine |
                site map |
                
                    
                        rss





                
                    the kent hotel © copyright 2024 all rights reserved
                
            




        thank you for subscribing to our newsletter
    

    

