







	public policy analysis & management | appam
















































skip to main content









  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

    

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

    

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

   


contact us
x facebook linkedin bluesky youtube



join appam login donate



search

site search














menu




the site navigation utilizes arrow, enter, escape, and space bar key commands. left and right arrows move across top level links and expand / close menus in sub levels. up and down arrows will open main level menus and toggle through sub tier links. enter and space open menus and escape closes them as well. tab will move on to the next part of the site rather than go through menu items.



about appam


mission and history


faq's


governance


officers and staff


policy council


committee of institutional representatives


student leaders


committees


strategic plan


code of conduct




awards


all awards


willliam spriggs memorial award


equity & inclusion fellowship


phd dissertation award


david n. kershaw award


raymond vernon memorial award


peter h. rossi award


steven d. gold award


policy field distinguished contribution award


world citizen prizes in environmental performance




bylaws


code of conduct






membership


membership information


professional membership


retired membership


institutional membership


student membership


diversity initiatives


my appam




news & publications


appam news


appam webinars


journal of policy analysis and management (jpam)


jpam


jpam digital edition and classics


jpam refereeing awards


jpam closer look podcast


jpam editorial board


jpam authors




listservs


media kit




conferences & events


calendar & events


fall research conference


general information


submissions


policy areas




future conferences


past fall research conferences


2024 fall research conference


2023 fall research conference


2022 fall research conference


2021 fall research conference


2020 fall research conference


2019 fall research conference


2018 fall research conference


2017 fall research conference




institutional member forums


host a forum


effective cross-sector collaboration (unc)


impact evaluations of social programs (westat)


career pathway programs (abt associates)


bringing rigor and intentionality (westat)


data and social science (mathematica)


partnerships in the opioid crisis (sanford school)


bridging research and policy (sanford school)


behavioral science & social policy (mdrc)




public policy camps


past events


regional student conference


2021 policy practicum for emerging scholars


jpam special event


special event: mathematica 2024


2023 professional development virtual series






career & education resources


volunteer with appam


professional development webinar series


mentoring


appam communities


appam communities


artificial intelligence


bipoc in public policy 


data science


early career professionals


first-gen researchers


lgbtq+ researchers


undergraduate education


women in economics




education for public service careers


general info


professional master's degrees for public service


professional phd degrees for public service




career advice


job listings - career connections

























										read more
									







introducing the 2025 policy council 


										read more
									










										read more
									










										read more
									














appam mission
appam is dedicated to improving public policy and management by fostering excellence in research, analysis and education.











conferences & events
view all events








14
mar





(all day event)march 14, 2025
								



									public policy camp: university of washington
								

                            
							appam's public policy camps were created to introduce public policy to undergraduate students who might not otherwise be familiar with the field.  
                                    							
							
						






11
apr





(all day event)april 11, 2025
								



									public policy camp: university of missouri
								

                            
							appam will host a public policy camp in conjunction with the university of missouri on april 11, 2025. more details to come.
                                    							
							
						








about appam
appam formally was created at a may 1979 conference at duke university by representatives of 15 policy schools and research institutes. within a few years, appam evolved into a unique association of both individual and institutional members with an elected leadership and policy council (the association's board of directors). the first appam fall research conference occurred in 1979 in chicago.
read more








latest news
view all news






12/13/2024 9:27:00 am

making the switch from confex to all academic

beginning in 2025, appam will be switching from confex to a new submissions and scheduling platform: all academic.
read more










introducing appam's 2025 policy council members

congratulations to the winners!
read more






jpam is now online-only. here's how to access it.

starting in 2025, the journal of policy analysis and management will only be available online. here's a quick guide on how to access all the great research...
read more






view the photos from #2024appam

look back on the best moments from #2024appam with our photo gallery.
read more






#2024appam spotlight: cornell jeb e. brooks school of public policy

the #2024appam fall research conference will feature some fantastic sponsors from across the policy research spectrum. today we're shining a spotlight...
read more












what members say
 







the annual appam conference is a gathering of accomplished scholars, practitioners, and students with a goal of disseminating and cross-pollinating cutting-edge research in relevant public policy topics. if you are interested in learning about and presenting your research on public policy topics, it is a must-go conference. count me in!
abe song, phd student, george mason university



 






appam was the first professional conference i attended when i was working for the california legislature with my mpp. i gave my first academic paper at appam, and interviewed at appam for my first (and forever) academic job at usc. appam has been the central academic association throughout my career. i value its interdisciplinary nature, diverse membership, and focus on impactful policy and management research.
juliet musso, associate professor and vice dean for graduate programs, university of southern california






;  












1100 vermont avenue, nw, suite 650
washington, dc 20005
phone: 202.496.0130




about appam
membership
news
conference & events


publications
awards
careers & education
members only


site map
privacy policy
terms of use
events





follow us
x facebook linkedin bluesky youtube







© 2025 association for public policy analysis & management. all rights reserved.
web site design and web site development by americaneagle.com







close










