















department of insurance, sc - official website | official website









 















skip to main content























 












search







 
 
 


    consumers      licensing & ce      insurers      captives      about us      how do i...?  


 

 

 

 

 





 

























  
 
 












 














contact us








file a complaint










 
 














locate insurance 








print license










 
 














safe home








fraud division










 
 
 



 














applications for the sc safe home grant program are opening january 6thstarting on january 6, 2025, the portal will re-open to accept new applications.  learn more here     
 






  
 
 






























orders now public directing acl and sar to cease writing business in south carolina 


today the south carolina department of insurance (scdoi) issued an order making public two previously confidential orders and supervisor instructions pertaining to atlantic coast life insurance company (acl) and southern atlantic re, inc (sar).			additional info...






requirements for surety insurers, bondsmen and runners regarding minimum fee and payment agreement 


scdoi mailed an order today emphasizing current requirements for surety insurers and bondsmen, professional bondsmen and runners and other persons authorized to transact bail bonding business in the state of south carolina.			additional info...






seven plead guilty to insurance fraud 


the south carolina department of insurance (sc doi) has announced that seven individuals pled guilty in marlboro county to insurance fraud charges this week.			additional info...






florence man sentenced after targeting elderly drivers 


cornelius jones, 44, was sentenced this week after pleading guilty to presenting false claims for insurance payment in a prolonged scheme targeting elderly drivers.			additional info...






sc doi announces insurance claims village details for spartanburg county – october 9th 


as recovery efforts continue after hurricane/ts helene, the south carolina department of insurance (sc doi) is offering consumers assistance and remote claims services along with insurance carriers on wednesday, october 9th in spartanburg county, sc.			additional info...






sc doi announces insurance claims village details for aiken, sc – october 7th – 8th 


as recovery efforts continue after hurricane/ts helene, the south carolina department of insurance (sc doi) is offering consumers assistance and remote claims services along with insurance carriers monday & tuesday, october 7th and 8th in aiken, sc.			additional info...






sc doi offers tips to avoid getting scammed after tropical storm helene 


after a disaster, fraudsters and scam artists often arrive quickly. sometimes, they even come from out of town to take advantage of people. sc doi director, michael wise, offers the following tips to avoid getting scammed:			additional info...






details for the insurance claims village being held october 3rd & 4th in greenville to assist sc con 


representatives from fema, state farm, usaa, allstate, south carolina farm bureau, auto-owners, geico, travelers, progressive, american integrity, & heritage insurance companies will be there to help consumers with claims & insurance-related questions.			additional info...






sc doi announces insurance claims village in greenville, sc to assist consumers 


as recovery efforts continue after hurricane helene, the sc doi is offering consumers assistance and remote claims services along with insurance carriers this week at the home depot located at 84 woodruff industrial lane in greenville, sc.			additional info...






bulletin number 2024-11 licensure of emergency adjusters due to tropical storm helene 


notice of unusual circumstance /catastrophe insurance declaration.			additional info...






sc doi offers tips for filing claims after tropical storm debby 


as tropical storm debby moves slowly out of south carolina, department of insurance director, michael wise, wants consumers to be aware of resources available to them in the event they need to file an insurance claim.			additional info...






licensure of emergency adjusters due to hurricane debby 


notice of unusual circumstance/catastrophe insurance declaration for south carolina for the purposes of licensing temporary adjusters and motor vehicle physical damage appraisers due to tropical storm debby			additional info...






florence county man pleads guilty to insurance fraud - ordered to pay restitution 


the south carolina department of insurance (scdoi) has announced that marcus blair of florence county has pled guilty to seven indictments after being arrested and charged with over fifty violations of law earlier this year.			additional info...






insurance fraud ringleader pleads guilty in sumter county – sentenced to prison 


tyburious m. heyward, an insurance fraud ringleader who specializes in staged automobile accidents, has pled guilty in sumter, south carolina. heyward, and his co-conspirators, sought to defraud insurance companies of more than half a million dollars.			additional info...











/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 










 














want to receive the latest bulletins, orders, and news from the scdoi?sign up










 
 














facebook








twitter








instagram








facebook










 
 
 











 















 






  
 



  
 







contact us







south carolina
department of insurance
1201 main street
suite 1000
columbia, sc 29201
phone:  803-737-6160
email: info@doi.sc.gov
click to submit a message
 






  
 



  
 







popular links







adjuster resources



producer resources



license renewal



division contacts



bulletins & orders



online services



help desk for online services









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







helpful links







faqs



job openings



file a complaint



market assistance



outlook



report agency fraud









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







site links







home



privacy



site map



disclaimer



accessibility



report cyber security event









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close

















 








arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









