















champlin, mn | official website









 















skip to main content




















holiday closure


	in observance of presidents' day, city hall will be closed on monday, february 17, 2025.
	read on...








create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in













    government      residents      services      how do i...  


 

 

 

 





 










    





 
 












search







 
 
 





 












 














recreation & rentals








mississippi crossings










 
 














permits & licenses








utility billing










 
 














road projects








report a concern










 
 
 






























news & eventsfollow the latest headlines and happenings
 






  
 














join a commission! 


your city needs you! we have several open seats on our advisory commissions, and we're looking for passionate community members to join! volunteering on a commission is an amazing way to make a positive impact and contribute to the future of champlin.						learn more...







family dance - glow party! 


need a spring break outing? join us on march 15th, from 6pm to 8pm, for a night of glow-in-the-dark fun at the mississippi crossings event center! the dance party will feature neon lights, lively beats, glow sticks, and more.						learn more...







spring market - vendors apply! 


the spring craft market is on may 3, 2025, from 10am to 3pm, and we’re looking for talented vendors to showcase their unique, handmade goods! whether you're a jewelry maker, candle artisan, or cottage producer, share your crafts with the community!			additional info...







expedition yeti! 


expedition yeti is underway! during the month of february, explore the park of the week to find yeti and use the letters he's holding to solve a riddle. download the answer sheet to start this free activity. happy hunting!						learn more...







famers market - vendors wanted! 


we’re seeking local growers, artisans, and crafters for the champlin farmers market! join us june 17th to september 30th, every tuesday from 2pm - 6pm, at the ice forum. that’s right—we’re moving back to the ice forum for 2025!			apply online...







char blu riverside breaks ground 


exciting developments are underway as city officials—including the mayor, council, and staff—joined the dequattro's to break ground on char blu riverside, a restaurant set to become the newest attraction at mississippi crossings.						view the press release...







dock lottery! 


avoid the hassle of towing and launching your boat by purchasing a watercraft slip at mississippi crossings. four slips are open for the 2025 boating season. we will have a lottery drawing on april 7th at 1pm to select winners. it's free to enter.			learn more...







2025 mc summer series! 


the 2025 mc summer series begins june 5th. join us at mississippi crossings, 307 east river parkway, for free live music and food trucks on thursdays at 6pm. all ages are welcome to attend by boat, car or bike to enjoy an evening on the river in champlin.			additional info...







tour mississippi crossings! 


host an event at mississippi crossings! tour the event center on february 19th between 5pm and 7pm. venue rooms can be reserved by the hour, or the entire facility can be reserved all day. residents get 10% off.						view tour dates...







hennepin county open book meetings! 


taxpayers may attend any of the april 2025 meetings, regardless of the city their property is in. additionally, after receiving their valuation notice, they can contact an assessor by phone to ask questions or express concerns.						learn more...







annual egg hunt! 


hop on over to andrews park on april 18th to join the easter bunny for the annual egg hunt. it's sure to be an egg-cellent morning. bring a basket, dress warm, and allow plenty of time for parking. tots hunt at 11am followed by ages 5+ at 11:45am.			additional info...







earth day cleanup! 


you're invited to make a difference on april 22nd at 5pm. this two-hour event is hosted by the environmental resources commission at andrews park. volunteers work their way around town collecting litter. all ages are welcome! register online.			learn more...







champlin chronicle! 


browse the winter chronicle to find important information about upcoming events, programs, projects, development, and more.						explore a digital copy...







city guide! 


champlin is our place to live! explore the 2024 resident guide. inside you'll find information on city services, events, bites around town, mississippi crossings and more!			view the guide...







stay connected! 


subscribe to notify me to receive updates and information about community news and happenings.						read on...







website personalization now available! 


with the launch of the new myaccount feature, visitors to our website can now customize their viewing experience!						read on...







keep in touch! 


stay in touch with us by following us on twitter, becoming our friend on facebook, or subscribing to one of our rss feeds.						read on...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 


  
 


  
 
 














agendas & meetings



public notices & bid opportunities



employment



police



fire



community development map



notify me



champlin chronicle



resident guide









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 





 upcoming meetings and community events




 upcoming meetings and community events








calendar






february 2025




sun


mon


tue


wed


thu


fri


sat




26
27
28
29
30
31
 1

 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8

 9
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
 1












wed, feb. 19  

mc event center tours



thu, feb. 20  

expedition yeti



mon, feb. 24  

city council meeting



thu, feb. 27  

expedition yeti






view all events




/calendar.aspx







 
 
 









 















 






  
 



  
 








contact us







city of champlin11955 champlin drivechamplin, mn 55316phone: 763-421-8100
 






  
 





 
 







quick links







agendas & meetings



police



fire



employment



public notices & bid opportunities









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







helpful links







contact us



site map



accessibility



copyright notices



2025 top salaries









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 







government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close
















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









