



































    home - oak hills cc - san antonio
  













               


 
    about



  membership



  golf


   the course architect



  about the course



  history



  usga women's 4-ball


   tuesday coverage



  wednesday coverage







  dining



  tennis



  amenities



  contact us






   

member login








    
 





      


   experience tillinghast's
texas masterpiece




   founded in 1922
 discover the majestic

oak hills country club:

a premier golfing destination

﻿in san antonio

 discover the majestic oak hills country club: a premier golfing destination in san antonio

nestled in san antonio's southwest texas medical center, oak hills country club boasts 170 acres of oak trees and rolling hills. designed by a.w. tillinghast, the course features tree-lined fairways, bunker-protected greens, and contoured putting surfaces. with a perfect blend of challenge and fun, oak hills has hosted 34 pga and usga tour events and is one of the most respected private member-owned clubs in the country.

 




    "in the planning of courses there is the joy of creation..."

 - a. w. tillinghast




   
    golf

experience the charm of oak hills country club, surrounded by 170 acres of oak trees and hills in san antonio's southwest texas medical center. our private golf course offers challenging holes and stunning views for members and guests. escape the city and enjoy a round of golf or unwind in our luxe clubhouse. discover san antonio's hidden gem at oak hills country club.
  

learn more →


 



   

  tennis

improve your game and enjoy tennis at oak hills country club tennis center. our state-of-the-art facility offers 4 hard courts, 2 clay courts, and uspta certified pros for all levels.
  

learn more →




    dining

experience exceptional dining at oak hills country club with chef upton dennie leading the way. enjoy casual comfort at the oak grille or choose pub 1922 for a more adult atmosphere. the wine cellar is perfect for business luncheons, wine dinners, or small family gatherings. fresh, phenomenal food and professional service await you at your club.
  

learn more →


 



   

  history

tilly aimed to offer 18 golfing inspirations through his philosophy, "the course beautiful," which aimed to provide a challenging yet visually stunning game for all players. according to tillinghast, a hole's worth is not measured by length, but by its interest and variety.
  

learn more →







   
   










       

5403 fredericksburg road san antonio, tx 78229     

 

 







   powered by  long drive agency ⛳️ powered by  long drive agency ⛳️





















































































































  
  share by:











