






massage escape | massage escape






















































toggle navigation




massage escape



home
reviews
pricelist
gallery
 language:  

  english
  deutsch
  español


call +34 603 621611
 













when, if not now?
do you need a good massage now? you are on a vacation after all!

        book now call +34 603 621611 




      scrool down
    







massage escape
dear friends of massage escape, enjoy various massage techniques and combinations suitable for each person. choose one of these divine escapes, heal and align your body and chakras. when if not now?








we’ll let others speak about us.
#190 - error validating application. invalid application id. here are some possible solutions to fix the error. 





 

relax
relax massage is pleasant hand massage which will help your organism relax by unifying of energy flow. the goal of this type of massage is to take care of your body and to improve general health. it is used for removing of stress and fatigue and for muscle relaxing.




 

reiki
reiki is a japanese technique for stress reduction and relaxation that also promotes healing. it is administered by “laying on hands” and is based on the idea that an unseen “life force energy” flows through us and is what causes us to be alive. if one’s “life force energy” is low, then we are more likely to get sick or feel stress, and if it is high, we are more capable of being happy and healthy.




 

chiropractic
the chinese used such therapy more than 3000 years ago. hippocrates also used such techniques as did the ancient egyptians and other cultures. in this system, hands are used to manipulate, massage or otherwise influence the spine and related tissues. treatment is usually for neck or low back pain and related disorders.




 

yumeiho massage
yumeiho® is a therapeutic method based on manual actions performed on the entire human body for maintaining or improving health. it includes about 100 maneuvers performed on the entire patient’s body. the practitioner does use their whole body during the massage. the recipient is clothed, on a floor mat, and put through a series of positions – much like a thai massage session.



 
 



		book now call +34 603 621611 




contact
bayuca
alfereces provisionales 31
35100 playa del ingles
contact
+34 603 621611
working hours: 10 am – 10 pm
contact us for appointment.

supported payment methods



















