








- morgan fairchild official website





















































        morgan fairchild official website      

      official website for actress morgan fairchild        


 
      menu       


morgan fairchild biography
film credits

imdb


latest news
political background
webstore

color autographed photos
bw autographed photos
collectibles


contact
 












thanks for visiting my official website – morgan fairchild official website – my official home on the net. thank you for all your support over the years.  i really appreciate knowing that you are out there!
i hope you’ll enjoy visiting, as there’s plenty to read through – my bio, film and tv credits. and be sure to visit the news page for the very latest news.  
additionally, i am happy to have this opportunity through my website to share with you some of my charitable work that i am proud to have been a part of. you can read more about those projects in my biography. i am also pleased to offer you through the morgan fairchild website, exclusive merchandise offers that you can find on the webstore.
and don’t forget – you can follow me on facebook, instagram and twitter. and you can also find me on cameo, sending shout outs to friends and family!
again, thanks for visiting.  i hope you’ll come back often.

morgan fairchild
the new theatre presentsmorgan fairchildstarring indon’t dress for dinner
by marc camoletteadapted by robin hawdondirected by dennis d. hennessyfeb 2nd 2022 – apr 10th 2022
bernard is planning a romantic weekend with his chic mistress in his charming country farmhouse on martha’s vineyard, while his wife, jacqueline, is away. he has arranged for a cordon bleu cook to prepare gourmet delights, and has invited his best friend, robert, along too to provide the alibi. it’s foolproof; what could possibly go wrong? well…. suppose robert turns up not realizing quite why he has been invited. suppose robert and jacqueline are secret lovers, and consequently determined that jacqueline will not leave for the weekend. suppose the cook has to pretend to be the mistress and the mistress is unable to cook. suppose everyone’s alibi gets confused with everyone else’s. an evening of hilarious confusion ensues as bernard and robert improvise at breakneck speed.
this comedy was a smash hit in paris, where it played for over two years, and in london, where it ran for six years. it has since played in theatres all over the usa and the english-speaking world and was revived in chicago and on broadway in 2012. this production was nominated for two tony awards.
the new theatare is located at 9229 foster street, overland park, ks 66212. for info call (913) 649-7469.
click here for tickets.



 our almost completely true story 

when a tall, aging, “shiksa” icon meets a short jewish leprechaun in a bird store – what are the chances? finding true love in hollywood has always been challenge. when you’re no longer a young starlet it’s even more difficult, regardless of how many movie star friends you have, or how many episodes of gunsmoke you did. and if you’re a short funnyman with a face for radio, well, you can practically forget it. still – true love can happen. a statuesque hollywood icon and a jewish leprechaun might just fall forever-after in love, if the stars align just right (and she laughs at his jokes).read more …


webstore

morgan’s official webstore offers you autographed photos, and much more! here you can find autographed copies of her rare, hard to find, beauty book super looks, autographed copies of the very popular 1983 premier issue of one woman magazine, autographed movie poster from the classic the seduction, and limited availability of her perfume fabulous by morgan fairchild.check it out …






follow morgan
 





morgan fairchild official website
all material on this website is for exclusive use on this website only.
please do not copy text or photos without expressed consent from morganfairchild.com






morganfairchild.com
c/o all-media public relations
p.o. box 2155
toluca lake, ca 91610







				© 2025 morgan fairchild official website all rights reserved. skt girlie theme







