








home page | medical imaging
























skip to main content





 








 

 
 
















 





home
news
directory
internal sharepoint
 









 




schedule appointment





 
college of medicine


 
 







aboutclinical divisionsaccess, community and belongingrecognize & rewardgrand roundscontact usjoin our teameducationresidency programsfellowshipsmedical studentsfacultyresearchmagnetic resonance imagingultrasound imagingoptical imagingcenter for gamma-ray imagingcontrast agents & molecular imagingcomputed tomographyimage processingresearch supportpatient careabdominal imagingbreast imagingcardiothoracic imaginginterventional radiologymusculoskeletal imagingneuroradiologynuclear medicine and theranosticspediatric imaging 

 















 







 

interventional radiology slider
interventional radiologists are board-certified, fellowship trained physicians specializing in minimally invasive, targeted treatments

 

 







 

state-of-the-art mri
state-of-the-art mri imaging used to diagnose a wide variety of diseases and conditions

 

 







 

pediatric imaging experts
our 24/7 pediatric coverage supports the level-one trauma care provided at diamond children’s center


 

 







 

research russell witte, phd
we are committed to advance medical research and education

 

 







 

premier service in medical imaging
we provide subspecialty expertise and top quality imaging and therapeutic procedures in a patient-centered environment

 

 







 

excellence in patient care
medical imaging delivers exceptional care for patients in southern arizona

 


 

 
 





home page










 



department chair & professor




 






 
 the department of medical imaging (dmi) is a vital part of the college of medicine-tucson. we are deeply committed to excellence in patient care, higher education, and cutting-edge research. our team proudly celebrates the university of arizona's greatest asset of diversity and champions an inclusive environment.
geoffrey rubin, md, mba, facr, faha, fsabi, fnasci
	chair and professor, medical imaging
clinical service chief of medical imaging, banner university medical group
 
 read more  

 

 
 









residents



research



join our team



 




department news




 

first news in 2025
in this double issue: new team members in the areas of research, ir and the administrative team, a kgun-9 news release for breast imaging, many well-deserved recognitions, holiday and other event photos, a construction update, and more!

  

 

warm holiday wishes
sending heartfelt wishes for a joyous holiday season. looking forward to an inspired and impactful new year together!

  

 

team holiday donation drive
particpate in the season of giving! between now and december 6th - help us support the holiday gift donation drive for aviva. this non-profit supports southern arizona children in foster care.

  


more news 
 



fast facts


 
 
 


 
 









department of medical imaging
	1501 n. campbell |  p.o. box 245067 | tucson, arizona 85724
	(520)-626-1069 | admin login


 





college of medicine - tucson 




the university of arizona is an eeo/aa - m/w/d/v employer.
web development by uahs biocom


 





university privacy statement
	© 2025 the arizona board of regents on behalf of the university of arizona.


 
 
  


