





tern.com — unleash the power


































tern.com
unleash the power


≡ menu
support
testimonials
about tern
home





home










dear valued customer,
after 30+ years in business we regret to inform you that tern, inc will be
closing for business at the end of the year, 2024. the last day to place orders
will be september 30, 2024. if you have any questions, please feel free to
contact us at sales@tern.com.
regards,
tern, inc.

high performance embedded controllers
tern has always had a simple business model: we design compact, inexpensive, reliable single-board computers that integrate the embedded industry’s most useful i/o and networking peripherals, along with easy-to-use software tools, so that you won’t need to design them.
tern’s single board computers employ modern cpus (32-bit architecture with 16-bit external data bus) built on the time-proven x86 architecture, integrated with the embedded industry’s most popular peripheral components, and utilize widely adopted modern software development tools. best of all, the features we tout are powerful enough to meet your real-world application needs, not just fill up a marketing letter with vague names.
tern’s c/c++ programmable controllers are the complete solutions for your embedded application. with tern controllers, established manufacturers can upgrade their existing products with the newest technologies, startup companies can quickly implement new designs, and just about anyone can easily implement a prototype for evaluation.
tern controllers are widely used in embedded systems that require superior performance, pc-compatibility, compactness, low power consumption, and high reliability at a low cost. tern’s industry-leading integrated hardware and software solutions combine comprehensive hardware features with tremendous ease of development.
it doesn’t matter if you need only a few units for prototyping, research, or a few thousand units for your newest product… it doesn’t matter if you’re a software guru who’s never touched a soldering iron, or a electrical guru who’s never touched a keyboard… there are thousands of customers just like you who’ve already made their application work with tern’s solutions.











what’s new
products

186 processor boards
386 processor boards
586 processor boards
expansion boards
software kits


case studies
downloads
forum
faq
ordering info


 



live chat by liveperson 


 



copyright @ tern, inc. | 1950 5th st. davis, ca 95616, usa.  phone: 530 758 0180, fax: 530-758-0181 | contact us.













