


david hedison.net




















to our dear 
		friends and family,

serena and i both hope this email finds you all 
		safe and well during these extraordinary times.

		as some of you know, we had hoped to have a memorial for dad this month. 
		we started planning earlier this year, found a venue that was perfect 
		and were on the verge of sending invitations to you. then the world shut 
		down.

		in recent weeks, we discussed having a memorial via zoom, an attempt to 
		join together to celebrate dad. the more we talked about it however, the 
		more we realized how unsatisfying it would be. it felt important to be 
		able to see each of you, to hug you and to remember him together. but it 
		doesn't look like things will be changing anytime soon and we just don't 
		anticipate having the opportunity we would have hoped for to commemorate 
		dad's life let alone hug each other in large groups.

		the truth of the matter is, dad hated the idea of a service or memorial 
		of any kind. over a year ago, serena and i broached the idea with him.
		"jesus christ honey," he said. "who wants to go to a memorial? 
		tell everyone to have a martini, do something wild, watch a good film 
		and call it a day!" he would have roared with laughter that our 
		attempt at memorializing him was unceremoniously foiled.

		we think about him constantly with such love and pride. his kind 
		thoughtful way with everyone who crossed his path, his deep and abiding 
		love for the theatre, for art and for true great expression, his 
		impressive memory up until his final days and above all, his great sense 
		of humor...these are a few of the things we will always miss most. he 
		was an extraordinary man, and we were lucky to have him as our father 
		for so many years.

		on dad's birthday in 2005, serena recorded an interview with him at 
		storycorps in new york. she was recently sent the file and thought it 
		might be a nice thing for you all to listen to -- maybe even on his 
		birthday-- as a memorial of sorts. it's 35 minutes long and i loved 
		every minute of hearing his voice. we thought perhaps you will too. i've 
		posted the link below.


https://archive.storycorps.org/
thank you all for being in 
		dad's lives, whether as friends, family, or colleagues. on his birthday 
		tomorrow let's all raise a glass to david and thank him for every 
		glorious minute we got to spend with him. if you choose to drink a 
		martini, make sure it's stirred not shaken, with an extra olive for 
		bridget.

		please feel free to pass this email along to anyone who knew and loved 
		david. we don't have everyone's email address and want to make sure we 
		don't leave anyone out. we're sending you our love from afar and wishes 
		for your health, fortitude and humor during this unprecedented time.

xx alexandra 
		and serena
		may 20, 2020







david  hedison
may 20, 1927 - july 18, 2019 
enter the website

 



 

