






learn on – engineering education



























skip to content










home
online schools
 












aerospace engineering
aim for the sky!







structural engineering
foundation is everything!







mechanical engineering
make it work!






 









engineering schools 


we provide the most in-depth guide to engineering schools nationwide. our school guides provide:

admissions information
cost data
engineering program availability
student demographic data

find the perfect school to help you kick start your engineering career!






educating engineers 

engineering education starts early with stem programs. stem covers science, technology, engineering and mathematics. the united states has seen the amount of student interest in these fields diminish recently. therefore new programs have been set up to encourage younger students to discover these fulfilling careers.

engineers typically have bachelor or masters degrees. in addition, engineers typically take advanced education in order to specialize in their field of expertise. 
by the end of the first year an engineering student should be looking to decide what specialization they would like to study. specializations could include the following: civil (including structural), mechanical, electrical (often including computers) chemical, biological, industrial, aerospace, materials (including metallurgical), agricultural, and many other specializations. after choosing a specialization an engineering student will begin to take class that will build on the education that they have received and focus their future education toward their specialization or field of study. towards the end of their undergraduate education, engineering students often undertake a design or other special project specific to their field.









search for:



resources 
online schools
engineering schools
engineering toolbox
aerospace engineering
ted engineering









			copyright © learnon.org 1999-2017. all rights reserved.
		








