







horizon building





































































































              home
            

        about
      

            work
          























































homeaboutwork


















scroll






 







 

general contractinghorizon building is a full service general contractor providing services from the pre-planning phase to completion.  our span of work ranges from residential to commercial building.  the residential work we take on varies from minor home upgrades to whole house remodels as well as new construction.  having completed commercial work on medical buildings, schools, senior living facilities and apartment complexes gives us a diverse perspective. general engineering contractingour skills extend beyond general construction allowing us to take on more complex projects requiring specialized engineering knowledge and skill.  this includes projects such as irrigation, drainage, sidewalks, roads and paving.  

 






collection of work
































































































































how we workyou want a builder you can trust.  someone who understands your vision.  an approach that ensures the right results, the right way, the first time. at horizon building we recognize that every home and commercial setting requires a specialized focus that is inherently personalized.  as such we saw the opportunity to create a firm more intent on involving the client which adds a more tailor-made approach to the project at hand.we are dedicated to providing our customers with exceptional service, working with you every step of the way in achieving your building aspirations.horizon building not only brings an innovative outlook but years of experience in both residential and commercial settings provides us with the foundation needed for the unique projects we face.being a general building and engineering contractor allows our firm to combine our knowledge of commercial and residential applications.unique, we know, but our mission is simple – to offer superb customer service and helpful solutions, one client at a time.we understand that the construction process can be a scary one.  rest assured that our firm is intent on involving the client in the project at hand and we are there to offer our expertise and guidance every step of the way.

     









    

work experiencewe have worked on commercial and residential building, dealing with home owners and city planners.  we design and build from the ground up, everything from foundations to finishing touches.  we’re uniquely placed to offer diverse experience from all types of projects.   

 

contacthorizonbuilding@hotmail.com510.415.7641










              email address
              
                *





              message
              
                *







thank you!




 






client showcase




    view work
  











landing



statement



selection of work



gallery 1



detail 1



gallery 2



about



client login








 

powered by squarespace





horizon building
14 molina court,
san ramon, ca, 94583,
united states
15104157641
horizonbuilding@hotmail.com


hours
mon 8am-5pm
tue 8am-5pm
wed 8am-5pm
thu 8am-5pm
fri 8am-5pm












