antunes: high quality cooking equipment & water treatment solutions             

         

 skip to main content skip to header right navigation skip to site footer1.800.253.2991searchsearch sitesubmit searchantunesbecause your success is our success.menucooking productstoastersfood steamerscountertop grillscondiments dispenserskitchen timing productshot food merchandising & display caseswater bath cookingrestaurant automation equipmentwater productscommercial water productsresidential water productsaboutabout antunesawardscustomerssocial responsibilitycontact ustechnical servicecustomer serviceequipment registrationauthorized service agenciesrepresentativesour distributorscareersresourcesblogresidential faqsvideosantunes service
slide 1offering premium quality innovative cooking equipmentwater treatment solutionsview our products0years family owned and operated0+global restaurant chains served0+countries usingour products award-winning custom kitchen innovationsat antunes we are committed to partnering with our customers to make the highest quality, custom kitchen innovations to meet their biggest challenges. from our family of water treatment solutions to our premium customer-centric products and services, we are dedicated to driving your success while positively impacting a world in motion.purchase a high-quality commercial toasterdesigned to withstand the demands of a high-volume environment, our commercial toasters are robust and durable.view productspurchase a high-quality commercial toasterinvest in a commercial food steamerthere are few pieces of qsr kitchen equipment that are as versatile as the commercial food steamer, allowing you to prepare vibrant, fresh-tasting food quickly and efficiently.view productsinvest in a commercial food steamercommercial contact grillsour countertop grills allow you to prepare a variety of foods quickly while saving valuable counter space. the speed and consistency of our grills make it easy to prepare scrambled eggs, omelets, hot dogs, plant-based foods and more.view productscommercial contact grillscommercial water productspremium water quality starts with the right industrial water filter system you can rely on.view productscommercial water productscommercial condiments dispensersour touchless sauce dispensers use automation technology. by simply placing a cup on the base, users can automatically get the sauce of their choice dispensed in a precise amount.view productscommercial condiments dispenserskitchen timing productstimers play a crucial role in enhancing efficiency, productivity and food safety. in a busy commercial kitchen, multitasking is essential, and our timers help your team monitor multiple dishes simultaneously by setting timers for different items.view productskitchen timing productshot food merchandising & display casesour display cases allow you to show off your fresh, ready-made menu items. give your customers full visibility of your ready-to-serve food.view productshot food merchandising & display caseswater bath cookingwater bath cooking allows for precise temperature control, ensuring consistent and accurate cooking results. the gentle and slow cooking process guarantees the food doesn’t lose its natural flavors.view productswater bath cooking70 years of antunesantunes sure has changed – from a small team in a single building to a global team across 3 different continents, our team might look a little different today but our goal of making our customers successful hasn’t changed.2025 marks the 70th anniversary of antunes so we’re celebrating all year.we are proud manufacturers of solutions-based equipment relied on by the global foodservice industry for the last 70 years.learn about antunesantunes supports splashour water filtration brings clean water to kids around the worldsplash delivers safe water, sanitation and hygiene, through their program w.a.s.h to more than 1,000,000 kids and counting.we support splash through various events and donations.learn morethere’s still time to make an even bigger impact!24antunes.givesmart.comaward-winning foodservice innovationthe foodservice industry is facing a need for greater efficiency, a reduction in waste, increased labor savings, and product speed and consistency. it is critical to identify choke points and opportunities for improvement within kitchen operations.in 2019 antunes completed the strategic acquisition of the firm automated manufacturing solutions as part of our investment in engineering innovation, food service simplification, and cutting-edge automation.learn how we can help
antunes green solutionsave money and help protect our planetat antunes, we’re committed to environmental sustainability. the antunes green solution showcases our most sustainable, value adding products.in the antunes green solution spotlight: tts-8 solar timerthe tts-8 solar timer is a solar powered design. this reliable cooking and holding timer allows you to run your commercial kitchen operation as usual – while using reducing your energy usage.learn morelatest news & articlesantunes green solution spotlight: tts-8 solar timerwelcome to the antunes green solution spotlightcommitted to environmental sustainability, …keep readingantunes green solution spotlight: tts-8 solar timerantunes green solution spotlight: vzn-541ve ultrafiltration systemwelcome to the antunes green solution spotlightcommitted to environmental sustainability, …keep readingantunes green solution spotlight: vzn-541ve ultrafiltration systemantunes green solution spotlight: the gold standard toaster gst-2hwelcome to the antunes green solution spotlightcommitted to environmental sustainability, …keep readingantunes green solution spotlight: the gold standard toaster gst-2hcorporate headquarters180 kehoe blvd.carol stream, il 60188 usalocal: +1 630.784.1000toll-free: +1 800.253.2991 fax: +1.630 784.1650productspurchase a high-quality commercial toasterinvest in a commercial food steamercommercial contact grillscommercial water productscommercial condiments dispensershot food merchandising & display caseswater bath cookingkitchen timing productskitchen automationinformationcontact usauthorized service agenciescareersnewsantunes servicetermsresidential water equipment privacy policyresidential water equipment terms of serviceshipping policyrefund policycopyright  © 1955–2025 a.j. antunes & co. all rights reserved. | privacy policy | design by flying orange | sitemap     we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all cookies.cookie settingsacceptmanage consent


close
privacy overviewthis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.


necessary                            

 necessary 

always enabled                                necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data.

functional                            

functionalfunctional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.

performance                            

performanceperformance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.

analytics                            

analyticsanalytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.

advertisement                            

advertisementadvertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.

others                            

othersother uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
save & accept                       

