









women marines association | uniting all marine corps women


























































































			skip to main content		






women marines association




		menu



donate
contact us
who we are

wma strong
what to send where
governing directives
chapters
our supporters


what we do

events & activities
event submission
awards
biennial convention
news
blog


how we serve

serving others
volunteering
scholarships


celebrating history

wma history
in memoriam


get involved

join wma
sponsor a membership
auxiliary
donate
shop the px







a bondthat bridges generations
it is an honor to become a marine, and it requires an exceptional woman marine to take on and lead this challenge. that experience unites us for life and inspires us to work hard to leave our mark on the world. wma works tirelessly to support military personnel, veterans, and our communities through a nationwide, chapter-based organization of women marines.
meet the women marinesabout our organization

charitable organization
the wma is a 501(c)(3) non-profit charitable organization comprised of women who have served or are serving honorably in the united states marine corps regular or reserve components.


proud traditions
since 1918, marine corps women have answered their country’s call to serve. we have served proudly with distinction and honor, each generation evolving and always retaining our proud traditions.


shaping the world
an integral part of our organization’s goal is to share the stories of these women and their accomplishments in shaping the world. learn more about how women marines have served with honor for over 100 years.


about wmajoin us in making a difference
our service continues. be a part of our ongoing mission to support active marine corps women, those returning to civilian life, and military veterans. join us and be a part of improving your community and those who served.
join wma
serving others
our mission is to make the world a better place. learn more about how wma improves the lives of active and retired women marines and how our chapters enrich the communities in which they live. our service to others never rests.
wma programs and services

wma chapters
across the country, women marines chapters engage active and retired marines in their communities. these local chapters offer support and guidance. get involved in our efforts to honor and support those who serve.
find your chapterkeep our missionin motion
for those who haven’t served, you can honor family or friends by donating. your support helps wma improve life for our fellow marines and veterans through programs like our wma emergency funds grant, which provides emergency support for any veteran facing hardship.
donate

upcoming events
our service brought us together, and our ongoing chapter and national events keep our bonds strong. find wma events near you.
see events
in our communityinstagram @wmastrong[my-instagram-feed  user_id=”17841408485453852″ skin_id=”5948″ feeds_per_page=”8″ caption_words=”25″ cache_unit=”1″ cache_duration=”days” load_more=”1″  links_new_tab=”1″  show_stories=”0″ ]
women marines association
follow us:

stay connected
subscribe to wma communications.




"*" indicates required fields

first name*last name*email address*

which branch were/are you a part of?select onemarine corpsnavyarmyair forcecoast guardnamethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 













 




recent posts
my twenty years before the mast
hana romer
golda fabian
barbara preli 1923-2023
marine della a. davis
 



privacy policy
accessibility statement
 

	© copyright 2025. all rights reserved.


 


































