




country coach - the finest coach ever built




























































 







skip to main content




oregon motorcoach center
country coach
van conversions
pre-owned inventory

(800) 942-6860email









repair & maintenance
interior & exterior
explore 

the country coach story
meet the team
history
testimonials
news & events


contact 

service request
parts request







 














 


 


 


 


 










a class act
for over 50 years, country coach has held the legacy of being one of the top manufacturers of luxury motorcoaches. today, with a campus located in eugene, oregon, country coach at oregon motorcoach remains loyal to that legacy and its customers as the only certified service center in the world for country coach diesel pushers. from repairs and maintenance to interior and exterior upgrades, country coach continues to bring the highest standard of craftsmanship and quality to its motorcoaches.





repair & maintenance
three hundred years combined experience …and counting!
our team of elite technicians are unmatched in their craftsmanship and knowledge of motorcoaches. our team is as loyal to our brand as our customers, and continue to improve the country coach brand and legacy with each day. visit us in eugene, oregon to have your rv serviced at the only country coach certified service center in the world.


av, audio, & satelite awnings electrical power systems heating & cooling repair plumbing suspension & chassis repair slide rooms repair 


the country coach story
for over 50 years, country coach has been a moniker of luxury and style in the rv industry. with bob lee’s heritage to back us, country coach continues to be loyal to its customers and to the brand.


our story 





rv service requestrv parts request


news & upcoming events


from the driver's seat


view post
welcome to the new country coach website!november 11, 2021we’re so excited to rejoin the journey with you and continue the legacy that bob lee built for country coach. matt and elaina carr are honored to announce the reformation of country coach. from renovations, and upgrades too hard to find parts and repairs and maintenance, we are your official source. our branch of country coach is the only certified…read more


partners




















allureaffinityprevostinspireintriguemagna

















29417 airport road
eugene or, 97402





office: 541-762-1505
fax: 541-762-1509
toll-free: 800-942-6860





monday-friday
7:30 am - 4:00 pm


facebookinstagram 



copyright 2025 © country coach | website developed by partnered solutions it | designed by ruby porter marketing & design












































