




colorado river rats









colorado river ratstm


       this 
website features ski boats and fun in the sun on the colorado river ! a new 
colorado river rat ski boat project is underway "danger zone" a former njba 
quarter mile drag boat ski jet class record holder - don hettish 1987                  







(from left to right: danielle kirk, chester kirk, clint) 
welcome to the home page for colorado river rats. take a look at past
adventures in our web.
the colorado river rats are a group of drag and ski boat enthusiasts who
gather and hold family friendly parties each year to enjoy some fun in the sun on the colorado
river. everyone is working on their boats getting ready for summer fun in the
sun on the colorado river.

past adventures
custom made contractor tool boxes for drag boat racers, drag racers and
garage wrenchers. dangerzone project boat in progress. current
schedule for more colorado river rats fun in the sun on the colorado river
gathering.
laughlin, nevada - june 2001




waiting at dock 







in motion







on the beach





close-up photos





engines






dangerzone project boat in progress
502 cu inches of genvi big block chevrolet bow tie





dangerzone project boat will be ready
            sometime in the future for
            some june fun in the sun at the colorado river.






laughlin, nevada - there are currently no annual colorado river rats
meetings scheduled for fun in the sun with friends and their ski boats. 
in progress - a project boat will
be added to this site soon. danger zone one, a 1987 njba quarter mile drag ski
boat class record holder designed and driven by don hettish of la
verne, california - 502 cu in gen vi big block bow tie in a wildercraft tunnel
ram hull with jet drive. the 850 hp engine has been retired, but the 500 hp 502
cu in will provide enough attitude for some serious colorado river rat water fun
in the sun.
 
related websites of interest




drag racing
        photography
"quarter mile blast from the past"
drag racing photos from the 60's
        and 70's!
photos available for purchase
        visit:  www.dragracingphotography.com 






 
back to top
 


copyright 2001-2021 colorado river rats™last updated:
july 11, 2021.
website & photography by
michelle kirk


