     mahwah ford dealer in mahwah nj | allendale ramsey suffern ford dealership new jersey                            
                                     mahwah ford sales & service, inc.        sales 551-400-4530    service 551-400-4551  parts 551-400-4447  service 551-400-4551   55 franklin turnpikemahwah, nj 07430                           service        map        contact                       mahwah ford sales & service, inc.            call 551-400-4530   directions                  home   search new   new vehicles   shop truck   shop suvs   electric vehicle lifestyle   powertrain options   shop ev   new specials   model showroom   2024 ford f-150   2024 ford mustang   custom factory order   customize your deal   2024 ford ranger   2024 ford maverick   f-150 lightning   mustang mach e   electric vehicles     search pre-owned   certified pre-owned    pre-owned specials   pre-owned vehicles   under $20k     financing   financing   finance department   apply for credit   commercial credit application    credit estimator   vehicle trade-in faq   vehicle trade-in checklist   used vehicle financing    vehicle protection    value your trade   finance center mahwah nj     service & parts   service & parts   service department   schedule service   service coupons   ford service   tire rotation   brake repair   oil change    battery replacement   car wash/quick quote      specials   tires   fordpass   new specials   pre-owned specials   service specials   ev charging   ford pickup & delivery     about us   about us   contact us   welcome to mahwah ford sales & service, inc.   hours & directions   meet our team   ford service areas    used car dealer near me   certified pre-owned ford dealer near me      research   ford model reviews    ford car comparisons                      home   search new   new vehicles   shop truck   shop suvs   electric vehicle lifestyle   powertrain options   shop ev   new specials   model showroom   2024 ford f-150   2024 ford mustang   custom factory order   customize your deal   2024 ford ranger   2024 ford maverick   f-150 lightning   mustang mach e   electric vehicles     search pre-owned   certified pre-owned    pre-owned specials   pre-owned vehicles   under $20k     financing   financing   finance department   apply for credit   commercial credit application    credit estimator   vehicle trade-in faq   vehicle trade-in checklist   used vehicle financing    vehicle protection    value your trade   finance center mahwah nj     service & parts   service & parts   service department   schedule service   service coupons   ford service   tire rotation   brake repair   oil change    battery replacement   car wash/quick quote      specials   tires   fordpass   new specials   pre-owned specials   service specials   ev charging   ford pickup & delivery     about us   about us   contact us   welcome to mahwah ford sales & service, inc.   hours & directions   meet our team   ford service areas    used car dealer near me   certified pre-owned ford dealer near me      research   ford model reviews    ford car comparisons                










inventory search
            vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search              minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         








schedule service







special offers







get financing







hours & directions









      search new inventory     search used inventory            a vehicle for every lifestyle  see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.      mustang      mach-e      escape      edge      explorer      expedition      bronco      bronco sport      maverick      ranger      f-150      f-150 lightning      super duty      e-transit      transit      transit connect     explore all new inventory   
                                                                                    disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                                     



a dealership you can trust

we are confident that customers will save time and money. above all else, our staff strives to deliver a superior dealership experience.











mahwah ford sales & service, inc.

welcome to mahwah ford sales & service, inc. mahwah ford sales & service, inc. carries a huge selection of new and pre-owned vehicles in mahwah, nj. if you’re looking to lease or finance your next ford, mahwah ford sales & service, inc. has competitive lease specials and financing options on new ford vehicles. mahwah ford sales & service, inc. also has an extensive collection of quality pre-owned and certified vehicles at affordable prices to suit your needs.

more about us















mahwah ford sales & service, inc. service, maintenance & parts


the service experts at mahwah ford sales & service, inc. are here for the long haul. with convenient scheduling, in-stock parts availability and service discounts, you can count on us for all of your service needs.

 featured offer | for new buyers, 1st oil change free, half off after that, for the time they own the vehicle.

schedule service



      






ford escape
your getaway car, now even more affordable.

with eye-catching design and real-life functionality, the unmistakable exterior of the 2025 escape® is more than just a pretty face.



find yours







       


sales hours     monday 9:00am - 7:00pm    tuesday 9:00am - 7:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 7:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 7:00pm    friday 9:00am - 7:00pm     saturday 9:00am - 5:00pm    sunday closed    

     


come visit our ford dealership

are you getting excited about your next ford? if you’re a driver near
mahwah, waldwick, ramsey, and ridgewood, nj, visit
mahwah ford. our team will help you find the vehicle for you,
whether it’s our powerful f-150 or a car for the whole family like the
ford explorer. come down to find your next ford today!



mahwah ford sales & service, inc. - your premier vehicle
dealership


thank you for choosing mahwah ford sales & service, inc. we
take great pride in serving ramsey and ridgewood drivers. our
selection of new and used vehicles, along with an extensive variety of
parts, accessories, and tires, will certainly blow your mind. our
financing experts will also help ridgewood and ringwood ford customers
with the best way to purchase their dream vehicle with the utmost ease.
make the most of our
hours and directions
page and get to our store. come to our ford dealership near ridgewood
and get the best care for your vehicle.



new and used vehicle inventory for ridgewood, ramsey, and
waldwick, nj ford customers


if you are looking for vehicles at a reasonable price, feel free to stop
by mahwah ford sales & service, inc., also serving
ramsey. we have a wide selection of
new
and
pre-owned
vehicles. our used automobiles undergo many point checks before going on
sale. customers from ramsey and ridgewood are welcome to visit our
ford showroom. you will be glad to learn that each of our cars comes
with a warranty and an auto-check certified history. ramsey and
ridgewood ford customers can check out our vehicles online or come down
to our dealership and look at them in person. our team will assist you
in choosing the right vehicle based on your needs. we want to serve
waldwick, ramsey, and ridgewood, nj ford customers and become
their complete dealer of choice. we have a team of professionals to help
you understand everything about us. ringwood customers can now check out
our ford dealership in mahwah near ridgewood for additional
information.



serving ramsey, ridgewood, and waldwick, nj ford customers -
financing options at our mahwah dealership


when you have decided on a new or pre-owned vehicle and are looking for
financing services, we can help provide you with the best options as per
your needs. to further assist you, we offer tools on our website,
including a payment estimator. ramsey and ridgewood ford drivers
can just fill out the
secure application form
online to kick-start the process. whether you are looking to buy or
lease a new or used vehicle or just exploring financing for the first
time, our experts are here to help you out. our ford dealership serves
customers from ridgewood, ramsey, and waldwick, nj and make
sure they return home as a happily. visit us today.



auto service and parts at our mahwah ford dealership near
ridgewood & ramsey


our professionally trained technicians are specially qualified to
service vehicles. whether you’re near ridgewood or ramsey, call or
schedule your next auto appointment
online or contact mahwah ford sales & service, inc. with just
a few clicks. our part and service departments strive to provide the
assistance you need. we even use genuine components made for your make
and model. once ridgewood and ringwood ford shoppers come to us, they
can rest assured their vehicle will be in good hands. from service to
genuine parts, our dealership has you covered. we are proud to serve
ridgewood and ramsey customers. we want you to have a hassle-free
shopping experience, and we strive hard to achieve that. the experts at
our ford dealership will answer all the questions of ridgewood shoppers.




                although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. prices include all costs to be paid by a consumer, except for licensing costs, registration fees, and taxes. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy | additional disclosures mahwah ford sales & service, inc. | 55 franklin turnpike, mahwah, nj 07430 | sales: 551-400-4530 |                





















              