




home : grace covenant presbyterian church






















































facebook


















instagram






































































about us


overview


our beliefs


core values


new member class


40th anniversary


40th overview


church history


sanctuary art


etched glass panels


stained glass windows






our staff


contact us


giving


nursery


careers


annual reports


building map




worship


worship bulletin


february 16, 2025


february 2, 2025


february 9, 2025


2025 worship services


january 2025


january 19, 2025


january 5, 2025


january 26, 2025


january 12, 2025








prayer requests


weddings & memorials




gcpc music


overview


vocal choirs


praise team


handbell choirs


wind ensemble/instrumental


performance videos


videos of performances


vocal performance videos






adult education


overview


bible studies


daily devotionals




children/youth


overview


children


overview


children's music groups


special events


pioneer pre-school




youth


overview


youth group


confirmation


special events






ministries


overview


matthew 25 congregation


missions


mission team/kairos


mission calendar




connection groups


overview


crafting/hobbies


games and recreation


gardening/outdoor activities


presbyterian women


reading/discussion


prayer


social/dining


young adults & families




how can i help?




calendar


calendar


gcpc blog


mission calendar


newsletters


photo upload















 skip to main content 




















facebook









instagram


















giving portal


































































about gcpc




worship




music




adult education




children/youth




ministries




calendar




online giving




























              february 16 worship
            

9:30am | streaming on our website, facebook and youtube






            view service online here, and download bulletin and more!
          





 













              2025 mission calendar
            

monthly communion and special offerings






            download pdf here
          





 













              40th anniversary celebration!
            

in june 2025 gcpc celebrates 40 years of ministry!






            learn more!
          





 













              vacation bible school - road trip
            

june 2-6, 9am-noon | children ages 4 yrs – 5th grade






            register now or sign up to volunteer!
          





 





go to previous slide


go to next slide













grace covenant presbyterian church celebrates god’s grace for everyone.
we gather to worship. we equip ourselves to share faith. we send ourselves to serve.sunday morning worship at 9:30am.sunday school at 10:45amworship service information can be found here. worship streams on our website, facebook page and youtube channel.watch our worship service here each sunday.(image below serves as a placeholder for the livestream for weekly service.)
current job opportunitiesinterim director of music ministriesclick here for job description


















music programs
music is one of the very best ways we pray. gcpc celebrates god’s gift of music with 16 ensembles encompassing all ages. learn more about our wonderful music programs.









we are a matthew 25 congregation
matthew 25:31–46 calls all of us to actively engage in the world around us, so our faith comes alive and we wake up to new possibilities. convicted by this passage, both the 222nd and 223rd general assemblies (2016 and 2018) exhorted the pc(usa) to act boldly and compassionately to serve people who are hungry, oppressed, imprisoned or poor.  click here to learn more









church calendar
in addition to activities on sunday morning, gcpc is alive with ministries, team/group meetings, small groups and fellowship by numerous organizations and groups from our community.
 see what's going on.









children's ministries
we fulfill our promises in hundreds of ways to provide a safe, nurturing place for all children to explore the wonder of god’s creation and to build the foundation for a faith to sustain them over a lifetime. learn more.









missions & social justice
it is through serving others, making peace and bringing justice that we draw closest to jesus.
 read more.









prayers
we cannot walk in this world alone and it is our joy and privilege to pray for one another.  submit a prayer request.









youth programs
grace covenant helps youth build a lifelong connection with god through fun, meaningful faith development, worship, service, and community. learn more.









sanctuary art
the set of 12 carved glass entry doors into our sanctuary bring together the force of blown sand with the incandescence of light.  read the story behind these beautiful works of art.









2025 mission calendar
download a pdf of our 2025 mission calendar.   click here. easy to follow format to learn more about how gcpc gives back to our community.
















our missiongrace covenant presbyterian church celebrates god’s unbounded grace and all-inclusive love.  god gathers us in a welcoming community, with our curiosity and questions, to worship creatively, learn from god’s word, share our gifts, and deepen our faith. with grateful hearts and a spirit of adventure, we go to serve christ in the world, sharing kindness with everyone, and working for justice rooted in god’s love.at grace covenant presbyterian church we are committed to sharing god's all-inclusive love and standing with those who are victims of injustice. we invite you to join us in the work that needs to be done to join the call to remember the victims of racial violence and affirm our commitment to work together to dismantle structural racism. we are a matthew 25 congregation.  learn more here.









news & notes





february 1, 2025




                    transition update
                    



byrev. karen wright








february 1, 2025




                    from empty bowls to overflowing blessings
                    



byrev. karen wright








january 26, 2025




                    new livestream resources!
                    



bymarketing/communications team







































































































                  11100 college blvd
                

                  overland park, kansas 66210
                



phone
(913) 345-1256




contact



office hours 8am-4pm
sunday morning worship:  9:30am
sunday school: 10:45am



 


















        this form needs javascript to display, which your browser doesn't support. sign up here instead
      

















privacy policy


privacy policy



what information do we collect?
when you visit our website you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis and website use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our website.
personal information you choose to provide
we may request that you voluntarily supply us with personal information, including your email address, postal address, home or work telephone number and other personal information for such purposes as correspondence, placing an order, requesting an estimate, or participating in online surveys.
if you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. we provide the same protections for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of information received by mail and telephone.
website use information
similar to other websites, our site may utilize a standard technology called "cookies" (see explanation below, "what are cookies?") and web server logs to collect information about how our website is used. information gathered through cookies and server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our website, and the sites visited just before and just after ours. this information is collected on an aggregate basis. none of this information is associated with you as an individual.
how do we use the information that you provide to us?
broadly speaking, we use personal information for purposes of administering our business activities, providing service and support and making available other products and services to our customers and prospective customers. occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our website, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable. the lists used to send you product and service offers are developed and managed under our traditional standards designed to safeguard the security and privacy of all personal information provided by our users. you may at any time to notify us of your desire not to receive these offers.
what are cookies?
cookies are a feature of web browser software that allows web servers to recognize the computer used to access a website. cookies are small pieces of data that are stored by a user's web browser on the user's hard drive. cookies can remember what information a user accesses on one web page to simplify subsequent interactions with that website by the same user or to use the information to streamline the user's transactions on related web pages. this makes it easier for a user to move from web page to web page and to complete commercial transactions over the internet. cookies should make your online experience easier and more personalized.
how do we use information collected from cookies?
we use website browser software tools such as cookies and web server logs to gather information about our website users' browsing activities, in order to constantly improve our website and better serve our users. this information assists us to design and arrange our web pages in the most user-friendly manner and to continually improve our website to better meet the needs of our users and prospective users.
cookies help us collect important business and technical statistics. the information in the cookies lets us trace the paths followed by users to our website as they move from one page to another. web server logs allow us to count how many people visit our website and evaluate our website's visitor capacity. we do not use these technologies to capture your individual email address or any personally identifying information about you.
notice of new services and changes
occasionally, we may use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our website, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable. as a user of our website, you will be given the opportunity to notify us of your desire not to receive these offers by clicking on a response box when you receive such an offer or by sending us an email request.
how do we secure information transmissions?
when you send confidential personal information to us on our website, a secure server software which we have licensed encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. the information is scrambled en route and decoded once it reaches our website.
other email that you may send to us may not be secure unless we advise you that security measures will be in place prior to your transmitting the information. for that reason, we ask that you do not send confidential information such as social security, credit card, or account numbers to us through an unsecured email.
how do we protect your information?
information security -- we utilize encryption/security software to safeguard the confidentiality of personal information we collect from unauthorized access or disclosure and accidental loss, alteration or destruction.
evaluation of information protection practices -- periodically, our operations and business practices are reviewed for compliance with organization policies and procedures governing the security, confidentiality and quality of our information.
employee access, training and expectations -- our organization values, ethical standards, policies and practices are committed to the protection of user information. in general, our business practices limit employee access to confidential information, and limit the use and disclosure of such information to authorized persons, processes and transactions.
how can you access and correct your information?
you may request access to all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain in our database by emailing us using the contact form provided to you within the site structure of our website.
do we disclose information to outside parties?
we may provide aggregate information about our customers, sales, website traffic patterns and related website information to our affiliates or reputable third parties, but this information will not include personally identifying data, except as otherwise provided in this privacy policy.
what about legally compelled disclosure of information?
we may disclose information when legally compelled to do so, in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
permission to use of materials
the right to download and store or output the materials in our website is granted for the user's personal use only, and materials may not be reproduced in any edited form. any other reproduction, transmission, performance, display or editing of these materials by any means mechanical or electronic without our express written permission is strictly prohibited. users wishing to obtain permission to reprint or reproduce any materials appearing on this site may contact us directly.







terms & conditions


terms & conditions


donation refund policy

we are grateful for your donation and support of our organization. if you have made an error in making your donation or change your mind about contributing to our organization please contact us.  refunds are returned using the original method of payment. if you made your donation by credit card, your refund will be credited to that same credit card.

automated recurring donation cancellation

ongoing support is important to enabling projects to continue their work, so we encourage donors to continue to contribute to projects over time. but if you must cancel your recurring donation, please notify us.
            








© 2025 grace covenant presbyterian church
   



powered by firespring



















