





expressionsintl – soft skills training










































































 


 








		skip to content








 





main menu
 


homemenu toggle

our guarantee why us
articlestipsmenu toggle

body language tips emotional intelligence tips parenting tips teaching tips
workshopsfaqcontact us 
quick peekquick peek 
 

 
 







 









soft skills training 



custom made workshops for your organization 













tip of the day
































today's tip 


































 
parenting tips























 
body language tips























 
emotional intelligence tips
































our learning guarantee 


































if you are a manager or hr professional, be assured that staff who attend training with us will have the tools and support they need to embed their learning back into the workplace.if you feel that learning objectives have not been met at the end of one of our public scheduled courses, you are entitled to attend a free repeat of the course. (please note, to request a free repeat, expressionsintl must be notified by mail within 48 hours of completing your course.) 












what are the benefits?relevanceconveniencecost-effective 







why expressionsintl?custom design workshopsflexible materialadapted solutions 






more info











how is it done?all we need are a few details from you and then we put our team to work. 
we can provide examples of other sessions and will always liaise with you closely to allow you to amend the material prior to your session. 











benefits of in-house training include:relevance: the training can be customized using organization specific content as it’s only your staff attending.
convenience: you decide where and when and because we come to you time out of the office or off-site is reduced.
 cost-effective: running an in-house session can be more economical in comparison with public scheduled courses.
 customized solutions: the solutions we provide will be based on the objectives your organisation is wanting to achieve. 











































why choose us? 


















custom designed workshops

by custom designing your session you are guaranteed to have the training you require, in your own controlled environment.







flexible material

we have a range of material available to choose from and we also write our own content to specifically suit your needs.​







experienced professionals

at the conclusion of our professional development courses, each student completes a personal “take action” plan. as part of this plan, students reflect on what they have learned and identify changes they plan to implement when they return to the workplace.line managers may also be provided with copies of these by their staff to facilitate the transfer of the learning back into the workplace.







adapted solutions

we offer you solutions adapted to the participant’s needs and to your organization.a rich experience that allows us to give you the best advice and great benefits.most of all, concrete and tangible results and high returns on your investment.







in-house training

relevance: the training can be customized using organisation specific content as it’s only your staff attending.convenience: you decide where and when and because we come to you time out of the office or off-site is reduced.cost-effective: running an in-house session can be more economical in comparison with public scheduled courses.customized solutions: the solutions we provide will be based on the objectives your organisation is wanting to achieve.

























who we've worked with 




















 

 

 













 


 











site menu 






home




articles




workshops




tips











useful tips 






non verbal tips




eq tips




parenting tips




teaching tips











contact 







 
info@expressionsintl.com





 
+9613581460




 
beirut, lebanon - muscat, oman










social 






instagram
 



facebook
 



linkedin
 



twitter
 














 







© copyright 2013 expressionsintl. all right reserved. 










 


scroll to top



































