










career development center | appalachian state university













































 


skip to main content







career development center









search





search...


search






                        this site
                      




                        appstate.edu
                      









career development center




majors & careers

career assessments
graduate and professional school

recommendations
entrance essay
graduate school interviews
graduate student resources


service and gap year programs

peace corps


professional development

appgrows
career readiness competencies
global career accelerator


career studio


jobs & internships

resumes and cover letters
search strategies
networking

how to use linkedin


interviewing

phone/virtual interviews
lunch/dinner interviews
what to wear
thank you notes


internships

secu public fellows internship program
disney college program


remote work
handshake
identity resources

students of color
lgbtqia+ students
students with disabilities
student veterans
international students
student athletes




student employment

federal work study
new hire resources
time and pay
supervisor resources

e-verification




events
employers

sponsorship and engagement
post a job or internship
host an internship
interviews
recruiting policies


about

our team
faculty and staff resources

liability insurance plan


career and student outcomes


contact
 


select page


  
 
 
 











explore. build. pursue.
the career development center supports all students in their journey to career success. whether it’s solidifying your goals and interests, building a foundation of career readiness skills, preparing for a job or internship interview, or making connections that will launch your career. we are here for you.











a sincere thank you to our champions, partners and sponsors!
































































































































explore career paths. discover amazing jobs and internships. make connections with great organizations. manage your professional profile. all in handshake.
use your app state credentials to log in and get started.

log into handshake







what is career readiness?
career readiness is a foundation from which to demonstrate requisite core competencies that broadly prepare the college educated for success in the workplace and lifelong career management.

learn about career readiness





upcoming events




outdoor jobs fair

february 12, 2025
11:00am - 2:00pm
plemmons student union - grandfather mountain ballroom




construction, design & sustainable technology fair

february 25, 2025
12:00pm - 3:00pm
holmes convocation center




internship and job fair

february 26, 2025
12:00pm - 3:00pm
holmes convocation center




health sciences professional and graduate school fair

march 27, 2025
6:00pm - 8:00pm
reich college of education




explore all events










preparing for your first job: u.s. news & world report

nov 5, 2024are you getting ready to launch your career after graduation? 🎓 jennifer shaffer, director of the career development center, recently contributed her insights to a u.s. news & world report article on essential steps to prepare for your first job. jennifer shared...













get career assistance
visit our drop-in career studio or schedule an appointment with your career coach to explore possible majors, develop application materials, and get answers to your career-related questions.

visit the career studio

schedule an appointment











featured resources




big interview
big interview is a free tool provided by the career development center that helps students effectively prepare for interviews and building their confidence by practicing common interview questions.






national job & internship sites
the career development center is subscribed to several national job and internship listing sites for students to use when searching for opportunities. there are listings from all over the us in a wide variety of industries.













ask a mountaineer
you ask. mountaineers answer. ask a mountaineer is a new resource hosted by the office of alumni affairs to engage and support alumni and our current students. it’s a tool to get answers, insights and advice about navigating your professional career.

ask a question



 









contact

career development centerrm. 222, plemmons student union263 locust streetboone, nc 28608828-262-2180careercenter@appstate.edu
 


facebook




x




instagram




linkedin




youtube


 

quick links

home
disclaimer
eo policy
accessibility
privacy policy











website manager: guillra             (shafferjl)            
© 2025 appalachian state university. all rights reserved.



























