

home




 








sign in
sign-up




 




 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close












home
schedule
photos
  more
  live
instruments
contacts
links
  bass
  drums
  guitar
  keyboards
  sax
  trombone
  trumpet
  vocal
  other
videos
store













visitors since may 2000

updated november 21, 2015







welcome to the dave fowler's website featuring the music of:

the wild, cool & swingin' orchestra
fantasy
the charlie b group
rough mix band
horns in the house





old webster jazz & blues festival favorite band 2009
the wild, cool, & swingin' orchestra









wc&s was voted the favorite band at the old webster jazz 
									& blues festival 9/18/04 and headlined in 2009 when the mayor of webster, mo presented jim manley with the wild, cool 
									& swinging' day proclamation.








riverfront times best lounge act 2009
the charlie b group









charlie boehme's smooth, raspy vocals paired with the trumpeting acrobatics of 
									local musician jim manley make for a lively, jazzy wednesday evening at jimmy's on the park on demun avenue in clayton 
									(see www.jimmyscafe.com). lounge sentiment is there, and the quiet 
									camaraderie of the band — which also includes dave fowler on guitar, mark friedrich on bass and keyboards, jim owens on 
									trombone and keyboards, and joe weber on drums — is more obvious during their renditions of popular miles davis, chick 
									corea and steely dan tunes. basking in the warmth of their experienced musicianship in the understated elegance of jimmy's 
									is an elevated lounge experience.







ojai, ca (august 24, 2006) - walter "maynard" ferguson, one of the 
									most influential musicians and band leaders in the history of jazz, passed away august 23rd at 8:00 pm pacific 
									time at community memorial hospital in ventura, california. he was 78 years old.
									for more information about maynard ferguson visit www.maynardferguson.com.
									










the the wild, cool & swingin' orchestra 
									february 12, 2003, at the chase park plaza hotel in the eau cafe had the pleasure and distinct honor of sharing 
									the stage with trumpet legend and friend of the band maynard ferguson!




thank you for visiting. the music highlighted on this site is a
						labor of love for all of us. you will find information, schedules, and music links here for the
						rough mix band, horns in the house, 
						the wild, cool & swingin' orchestra, fantasy, and 
						the charlie b group. all of these groups are based in st. louis, missouri, usa.

rough mix band
this group was formed to work on composition and performance skills. started in the early 1980s in los angeles, ca, the core members consisted of dave fowler (guitar),
						the late bruce malament (keyboards), the late chuck silverman (drums), and gary bourg (bass). from there the band was expanded to include many friends and their music. the material from the late
						the rough mix band has been saved by the miracle of modern technology and is now available as a cd titled the almost 
						lost tapes. there are compositions by dave fowler, chuck silverman & bruce malament, and gary bourg. this timeless collection of original music still sounds fresh even after 30+ years!

horns in the house
this group was formed in the mid 1990s. jim's concept for this project was a jazz fusion band with horns 
						doing original compositions. the band cut two cds, in 1996 opened for the legendary 
						maynard ferguson and then transformed into the wild, cool & 
						swingin' orchestra when the swing craze started. the group features jim manley (trumpet), larry johnson (sax), syd rodway (sax), brett stamps (trombone), 
						scott "papa doc" collier (percussion), don drewett (drums), mark friedrich (bass and keyboards), dave fowler (guitar), and rick zelle (keyboards). the band had a lot of 
						fun making the cds, which are full of original high energy jazz fusion compositions.

the wild, cool & swingin' orchestra
this group, also a jim manley concept, is a 9-piece orchestra featuring 4 horns that recreates the las vegas scene 
						of the sixties. with retro sophistication and cutting edge style music from sinatra, dino, sammy, bobby darin, louie prima, nat cole, herb alpert and tom jones 
						wc&s packs a wallop! the group features jim manley (trumpet), larry johnson (sax), marc garcia (trumpet), jim owens (trombone), 
						scott "papa doc" collier (percussion), mark friedrich (bass and keyboards), dave fowler (guitar), joe weber (drums), and charlie boehme on vocals. the orchestra recorded 
						their second cd at music masters which was released november 15, 2000 with the cd release 
						party held at backstreet jazz & blues in westport plaza, st. louis where the group has played steadily for over a year.

the charlie b group
this is an electric jazz & rock group featuring many of the musicians in the wild, cool & swingin' orchestra
. this new group has been performing in local clubs for a couple of years. the music covers composers and groups such as miles davis, tom scott, chick corea, 
						steely dan, norah jones, carly simon, blood, sweat and tears, and many others. the group was formed to have another fun musical outlet. this group plays smooth jazz, and 
						some pop from the 1970s to the present. the group performs primarily at local st. louis clubs once or twice a month. the group features charlie boehme (vocals/harmonica), 
						jim manley (trumpet/flugelhorn), mark friedrich (bass and keyboards), dave fowler (guitar), joe weber (drums), jim owens (trombone/keys), and guests such as 
						leslie craig, formerly white, (vocals).

fantasy
this group is the pop band that features most of the musicians in the other groups listed above. 
						the band performs regularly on the local club scene and for special occasions (i.e., weddings, corporate functions and sporting events). fantasy 
						has been a fixture in st. louis and the surrounding area for nearly 20 years. call fantasy when your next event, special occasion, or 
						corporate function requires live pop music.




advertisment


fleximusic
fleximusic is a growing software company, originated in 1999. fleximusic produces 
						music and audio-related software for windows. the company's goal is to provide high-quality products at an affordable 
						price. for more information on the fleximusic audio editor or to securely purchase the company's products online using paypal visit the 
						fleximusic website at http://www.fleximusic.com.

advertisment


a full service event production company specializing in concert audio, lighting and stage system 
						rentals for live concerts, public speaking, seminars, presentations, and corporate events.
sounds alive audio-videonew baden, illinois618.588.3474 phone618.588.3474 faxemail: bryan@soundsaliveaudio.com
						website: sounds alive audio-video








dave fowlerjust the funk




released november 2015
buy the cd now!

dave fowlergroovin' to you




released 2014
buy the cd now!

dave fowler - rough mixthe almost lost tapes





released 1982
buy the cd now!

jim manleyhorns in the house




released 1996
buy the cd now!

jim manleyfunk factory




released 2014
buy the cd now!

jim manleyalter ego




buy the cd now!

jim manleychristmas unwrapped





buy the cd now!

jim owensbad to the bone




buy the cd now!


larry johnsoncircles




buy the cd now!




all content copyright © 2000-2014 sherman music publishing, all rights reserved.











