

local weather forecast, news and conditions | weather underground



























































 skip to main content _  sensor network
 maps & radar
 severe weather
 news & blogs
 mobile apps
 more
searchclosegps_fixedgps_fixedfind nearest station manage favorite citieslog inaccount_box log in settings settings sensor networkmaps & radarsevere weathernews & blogsmobile appshistorical weatherstarcurrent weather for popular cities  san francisco, ca 52 °fpartly cloudy manhattan, ny warning36 °fcloudy schiller park, il (60176) warning7 °fclear boston, ma warning29 °fpartly cloudy/wind houston, tx 44 °fclear st james's, england, united kingdom 33 °fsunnysearchclosegps_fixedgps_fixedfind nearest station manage favorite citiessettings --feels like -- ---- / --------------------12am6amnoon6pm12amfeb 17+0000feb 18full forecastjett kills 8 in kentucky, 1 in georgia; tennessee levee failsa deadly winter storm unleashed everything from severe weather to flooding to snow and ice across parts of the u.s. saturday and sunday.jett kills 8 in kentucky, 1 in georgia; tennessee levee failswinter storm kingston could become major nor'eastera new winter storm is on the horizon, and it could bring heavy snow and ice to the central u.s. before potentially taking aim at the northeast. here's what you need to know.winter storm kingston could become major nor'easterbitter cold will accompany next winter storman intense blast of cold air is making its way into the central united states this week with temperatures up to 50 degrees below average and over 100 daily low records at risk of being broken.bitter cold will accompany next winter stormkentucky flooding followed by snowfallsome people in kentucky woke up to snow on sunday morning after widespread flooding hit the state due to winter storm jett. watch this stunning video to see the odd combination of freshly fallen snow on flooded streets in one white mills neighborhood near the nolin river.kentucky flooding followed by snowfallspectacular 'glory hole' is flowing againit has been a rainy start to the month in napa county, california, and that means reservoirs like lake berryessa are rising. enter the morning glory spillway. this is an enchanting scene when the spillway is activated, because it creates a perfect visual where you can’t even tell the water is flowing into the hole. watch this video to learn more about the process.spectacular 'glory hole' is flowing againour appsabout uscontactcareerspws networkwundermapfeedback & supportterms of useprivacy policyaccessibility statementadchoicesdata vendorswe recognize our responsibility to use data and technology for good. we may use or share your data with our data vendors. take control of your data.data rights© copyright twc product and technology llc 2014, 2025

please enable javascript to continue using this application.

