








poetryexpress - poetryexpress | poetry community









































toggle navigation







15 poems1: talk to animals (and stars)2: shift perspectives3: take a snapshot4: use these words5: write a one-sentence poem6: write a no-sentence poem7: tap your inner language8: tell a story9: collect fabulous realities10: write a "how to" poem11: begin, "when i . . .12: get deductive13: start with an epigraph14: follow a metaphor15: meditatemakesharerevisepublishpromoting and publishingtipsa sense of formfigures of speechstanza breaksline breaksharmonic texturesrhythm & meterinspirationglossaryabout




by chuck guilford
 








a line will take us hours maybe;yet if it does not seem     a moment's thought,our stitching and unstitching     has been naught.—  william butler yeats 

 




   






main menu

homecreate a blogget involvedfaqsprivacy policyterms of use


your poetry blog

poetry thrives online. there is no better place to publish your poems if you want them to be widely read.
register and log in to create a personal blog where you can publish and discuss poems with other poetryexpress members. 


popular pages




				stanza breaks			





				rhythm and meter			





				poem #1: talk to animals (and stars)			





				15 poems you can write now			





				poem #5: write a one-sentence poem			





recent blogs




				human			





				i wish i had a little elf			





				i wish i had a little elf			





				korkscrewa			





				the golden sun			






visit our facebook page where you can share posts with poetryexpress members and facebook friends.
 













			share it on social media		

this poem will be short, of course, maybe a quick observation, a moment preserved, as in this no-sentence poem by ezra pound:
in a station of the metro
the apparition of these faces in the crowd;petals on a wet, black bough.
or maybe an apostrophe like h. d.'s "the pool":
the pool
are you alive?i touch you.you quiver like a sea-fish.i cover you with my net.what are you—banded one?


 
			read more: 			share it on social media		







			winter is here		

with holidays and frozen toes, with endings and beginnings.
the days are short. the nights are long. the air is cold. good time to light a candle.
here are are some poems for your winter enjoyment, offered by the academy of american poets.
"stopping by woods on a snowy evening" by robert frost
"those winter sundays" by robert hayden
"fishing in winter" by ralph burns
"splitting firewood on a winter afternoon" by ben shane
"winter: my secret" by christina rossetti
"cut off the ears of winter" by peter covino
"a winter blue jay" by sara teasdale
"the snow man" by wallace stevens
"winter poem" by robert bly (video)
"winter field" by joanna klink (audio)
"lines for winter" by mark strand (audio)
be sure to check the "related poems" links on each page. scroll down and read about the poet.
 










   for this life 
check out this new book-length online poetry collection by poetryexpress creator chuck guilford.



videos









meet online

1. install the zoom app on your phone or computer.2. create a new meeting and set a meeting time. this could be simply a get-acquainted session, or it could focus on a specific activity or assignment: one of the 15 poems, for instance. 3. invite others to install zoom on their phones or computers and join the meeting.


sign in






username











password							






remember me 



log in





					create an account 



					forgot your username?



					forgot your password?





 

random blogs



				a lifetime in a day			





				11.02.12			





				cursed			





				autumn lyric 2012			





				blossom			





























 partners with paradigm online writing assistant



					back to top				


				© 2025 poetryexpress			




