









welcome to bemd.com - dr. elliott's web site

















 
 
 
           welcome to dr.  elliott’s website      
 

as of december 31, 2023 dr. elliott has closed his ophthalmology
practice
    there is
no change for individuals visiting dr. elliott for faa medical certification
services and he continues to welcome both new and retuning airman. he does all
classes of exams, ekgs when needed for first class pilots, and is hims
certified.  dr. elliott also does eye
certification exams for police officer candidates.
 
if you have an emergency:


when flying squawk 7700

  when on the ground call 911
 
 
 
office procedures due to the covid 


ø   inquiring
about any covid symptoms when entering the offices


ø   reduced our
schedule to limit the amount of people in the office at one time.
 
ø   reconfigured
waiting rooms for proper space between patients. adjacent chairs are for
individuals living together
 
ø   different
windows to check in and out to promote social distancing
 
ø   increased our
frequency of medical grade cleansing of our office furniture and equipment.
 
ø   offering
telephone or telemedicine consultations when appropriate.
 
ø   masks are
optional, and if you wish staff to wear one make a request.   
 
ø 
  for more information visit the latest cdc
guidelines


                                                                
    
office information
 
   
    please spend a few minutes visiting our web site.  this
page provides basic information summarizing bemd.com and describes the services
that dr. elliott has for both pilots and physicians. your faa medical exam explains the process for
obtaining an faa medical certificate, and there is information on basicmed
which is the faa option to the conventional third-class
medical.   
 
       our milford office is at 521 s. dupont
blvd and in milford, dupont blvd is us 113. if you are heading north on us 113
we are located on the east side of the highway in the second building after the
delaware 36 intersection.  if you are traveling south on us 113 make a u
turn at the second traffic light after crossing the railroad tracks.  this
is the us 113 delaware 36 intersection, and we are located in the 2nd building
on the right.    google maps is quite precise with respect to our
location. 
 
contacting us
 
   our land line
phone number is (302) 422-3034 and the cell number is (302) 331-9346.  if
you receive a recording, via a return text message please leave your name, what
you require, and a good time for us to call you back.
  
  our unencrypted e-mail
is faa@bemd.com and for confidential
information use the encrypted e mail address which is https://sendsafe.to/faa@bemd.com 
our fax number is (844) 965-9723  
 
our snail mail address is:


brett elliott md pa
p o box 193
milford de 19963-0193
 
***********************
 
 
user agreement and assorted legal details
 
    pleases visit our user agreement page  that gives the details
about this site's disclaimers, privacy policies, copyright considerations, and
conflict of interest information 



 



