







who we are - mckinley cu
































































 skip to main contentmckinley cu

menuworshipworship with mckinleywhere to find usworship servicesonline worship helpchoir and musicpast worship and musicengagemckinley lifeeventscalendarlearn and servefellowshipyouth and familiescampus ministryarts & musicartists’ alleycurrent exhibitartist-in-residenceelements photo contestprevious exhibitschoir and musicshare your talentsaboutleadershipstaffemployment opportunitiescommitteesfoundation boardchurch sessionour historyevents and rentalscommunity partnersgrants & scholarshipslocationnewscontactvolunteerdonate

main contentprogressive. inclusive. innovative.

	becoming an abundant community of hope

we are mckinley!
the mckinley foundation and mckinley memorial presbyterian church are separate organizations joined by a shared desire to be a center of abundant hope for the students at the university of illinois, champaign/urbana and the champaign county community at large. established together in 1906 these sibling organizations share a fervor for social justice and a love of the arts. we welcome all persons, including lgbtqia+, to join our efforts to be the change we wish to see in the world.


 mckinley memorial presbyterian church is a progressive christian community. we believe the scriptures send us out into the community to care for all of god’s children, regardless of age, race, sexual orientation, gender identity, and socio-economic status. we believe science reflects our god given ability to reason and act in the best interest of all humanity. we believe artistic expression is also a spiritual expression and we value the arts in our worship and daily lives.mckinley foundation has a dual focus of lifting up social justice needs on campus and throughout champaign county as well as providing safe space for students from all backgrounds to grow into awareness of and leadership in social justice endeavors. we provide opportunities for students to volunteer in meeting the needs of our communities as well as participate in social justice through the arts. mckinley foundation owns presby hall, a  certified housing residence for uiuc students.


 

 view social media code of conduct









 

  



 february 16, 2025 



sunday worship
february 16, 2025  10:30 am - 11:30 am
mckinley memorial presbyterian church, 805 s 5th st, champaign, il 61820, usa

 see more details


preschool/elementary sunday school
february 16, 2025  10:30 am - 11:30 am
mckinley church basement

 see more details


student lunch
february 16, 2025  11:30 am - 1:30 pm
mckinley church basement

 see more details



february 17, 2025 



mckinley staff meeting
february 17, 2025  11:30 am - 12:30 pm

(closed)

 see more details




view full calendar


site by neon moth 

















