








aauw of nys










































equity for women and girls



menu
skip to content
home
about aauw

aauw mission, vision, and action
board and committee contacts
history
working documents and nys board forms
publications


nys events

nys annual meeting


membership

find a nys branch
college/university partners
member center

forms




get involved

aauw-nys issues
contacting your officials
national resources
donate

aauw funds explained




branch support

programming support
leader on loan program
marketing suggestions
diversity
membership hub, finance, and dues
nys branch grants
forms
national branch resources


contact us
 






welcome to aauw of new york state


we have a new website!!!!!!!
please visit us at:home | aauw new york state
nominating time!
please read the notification by nominating chair karen martin calling for candidates for the 2025-27 terms positions of membership vp, treasurer, and secretary. the nominating form and officer application, as well as the bylaws, board procedures and board policies, may be found on the governance page
 

spotlights! 
ithaca branch
the ithaca branch held a memorial ceremony to recognize dr. antonia glasse, one of the cornell eleven lead plaintiffs and long-time branch member on october 19, 2024.  during the ceremony, the branch also recognized the high school essay contest winner, ana kiely for her essay on the nys era proposed amendment.   nys assemblymember anna kelles awarded ana kiely with a nys proclamation for her accomplishments.
ana’s essay is available here.

aauw north shore long island (ny)
ms camillo speaking to the north shore branch
on august 12, sandy camillo, aauw ny president -elect was invited to give a presentation on proposition 1 (era ny) at the manhasset library by the north shore branch. members of the long island lwv were in attendance and requested that she do a similar presentation for their organization.
 
 
 
equal rights for everyone
on may 23rd the annual writing contest sponsored by aauw north shore and the central nassau county rotary club was held for ages 11-13. 1st and 2nd place winners receive awards for their essays on the era ny at the west hempstead library. aauw north shore branch president janet lobel adler and sandy camillo aauw ny state vp public policy present awards to 8th grade students yonah lalehzari and dilraj singh. the essays explain what the word equality means, why the era ny amendment is important, how the amendment affects people and how the lives of people living in places without equal rights are different. the era ny affects all people, and the two winners clearly express this sentiment in their essays. the amendment is presently up for appeal and hopefully will be reinstated on the ballot. the essays are attached here.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  










search for:



linksnys events
aauw
current nys newsletter
find a nys branch
nys branch grants
donate
site map
 









