

















plant labels | floristry | twine & ties | festive & dried goods



















































































 















opening hours mon-fri 9.30am to 5pm 01953 797227


order tracking
contact us
 £0.00wishlist 
  
























 









			search		

 
















 





 

 














 







 




account



basket









 









			search		

 
















 





 

 














 







 








all categories

 labelsbacklabels homeplant labels & markersblack labelscoloured plant labelsslate labelswooden labelsmetal labelscard labelstyvek & pvccard holderslabelling machines & tapes










 marker pensbackmarker pens homepaint markersstaedtler markerspentouch markersartline markersliquid chalk marker





 twine, ties & cordbacktwine, ties & cord hometwines & jutecordswiresties & clips




 garden suppliesbackgarden supplies homegardening gloveslawn & plant careplanters & raised bedspropagatorsplant labelsblack plant labels & markerswooden garden markersgarden toolsplant & tree tiesgarden twinespots & growing mediabird feed & feeders












 pos display productsbackpos display products hometagging equipmentlabel & card holdersprice labels & tagsmanilla labels & tagsblackboard labels & easelspins & safety pinswrapping materialsdecorative cords & ties








 floristrybackfloristry homefloral foamribbons & bowsdeco meshfloristry wires & tapeswreaths & framessundries & toolspins - safety, kilt & floristfloralytes & led lights








 dried & naturalbackdried & natural homeconespods & seedsdried fruits & spicesframes & containersdried materials





 festive suppliesbackfestive supplies homechristmas berries & pickschristmas ribbonswreaths & containerschristmas wrappingchristmas wreaths & garlands





 offers!backoffers! homechristmas craftfloristry salegarden supplies salepos display offersgift packs




 








free uk standard delivery on orders over £40 during february – use code free40 in the coupon section (uk mainland only)










plant labels
one of the largest selections of plant labels in the uk
view full range


 



floristry sundries
a wide range of floristry sundries including oasis foams and decorative ribbons
view full range


 



point of sale
tagging, labelling and display supplies
view full range


 



garden sundries
tools, ties, labels and much more
view full range


 



dried goods
wide range of decorative dried pods, seeds and fruits
view full range


 



festive supplies
bumper selection of christmas picks and wreaths to create that ideal wreath or table decoration
view full range


 












 
labels
see all labels products





 
marker pens
see all marker pens products





 
twine, ties & cord
see all twine, ties & cord products





 
garden supplies
see all garden supplies products





 
pos display products
see all pos display products products





 
floristry
see all floristry products





 
dried & natural
see all dried & natural products





 
festive supplies
see all festive supplies products





 
offers!
see all offers! products














 

buy here
plant label sale
10% off all plant labels during january

from as little as
£2.34 inc vat







 

package deal
flexi tie – offer on 2.5mm & 3.5mm
£7.75 each when buying 3 or more

from
£7.75







 

save 15%
brother garden labelling kit
brother labeller & a range of black labels

£69.99







 

on sale now - from £2.96 + vat (£3.55)
natural wreath bases
festive wreath ring sale.  many wreaths reduced whilst stocks last.

on sale now from
£3.55 inc vat







 

save 7%
paint markers – white, gold or silver
bulk discounts when buying 12 or more

from
£3.95













subscribe to our newsletter







subscribe to our newsletter










your kind words



hi, received today, thanks for super service. yours sincerely

                                    stephen, northumberland  
                                


i ordered labels at the beginning of last week and mentioned that i was anxious to get them as soon as possible as i was opening my garden to the public on the sunday. i received my order the next morning! just wanted to say many thanks for the rapid service, it's much appreciated.

                                    annie, nr york  
                                


the parcel arrived early this afternoon.  thank you- impressive service indeed!

                                    morag, ballachulish  
                                


many thanks, arrived in time for my class and contents gorgeous, best wishes

                                    jane, hampshire  
                                


i have dealt with jason and “the essentials company”: not only were the products good quality, but also, following a courier problem, the company proactively resolved this immediately. they are extremely professional and good people, i highly recommend them.

                                    florence, gardener and gardener designer, scotland  
                                













telephone us
if you prefer to place your order by telephone or have a question, please give us a ring on 01953 797227 monday to friday 9.30am – 5.00pm




mail us
you can download copies of our price lists and brochures by clicking here. if you would like us to post them to you please ring us on 01953 797227




export orders
we are happy to export to most countries worldwide. please click here for details.
















shopping

my account
cart
checkout
brochures
gallery
print order form
 


help

terms & conditions
returns policy
delivery information
weee information
privacy policy
about us
news
contact us
 








subscribe to our newsletter







 
  



© the essentials company 2025. all rights reserved.
unit 3, buckenham business units, industrial estate, bunn's bank rd, attleborough nr17 1qb.
the essentials company are specialist suppliers of plant labelling, tagging, tying, marking, and floristry sundries for the business, home and garden.





we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept all”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however, you may visit "cookie settings" to provide a controlled consent.cookie settingsaccept allmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept










 
shopping basketthere are no products in the cart!continue shopping - enter address in checkout to see shipping costs - min £3.950 









[] 
























