





collini – the renaissance center – a plastic surgery practice



































 



skip to content




toggle navigationhomeabout usmeet your teamour mediatestimonialscommunity cares for kidsproceduresbodyface & neckbreastsreconstructive procedureslasers and non-surgical procedureshair restorationfaqcontact(570) 674-6525| 


search for:










 





homewpadmin2024-08-21t13:39:28+00:00 
welcome to the renaissance center for plastic surgeryyou deserve to look and feel your best.schedule consultationour procedureswe put our patients first.we are a plastic surgery practice based in shavertown, pennsylvania. established by dr. francis j. collini, the renaissance center for plastic surgery has an exemplary record of aftercare, safety, and outstanding results. our focus as a team is on providing impeccable care in a supportive environment designed around our patients’ needs.
our proceduresbody
read more
face & neck
read more
breasts
read more
reconstructive procedures
read more
lasers and non-surgical procedures
read more
 












hair restoration
read more
schedule consultationdr. francis j. collinithe renaissance center for plastic surgery is founded by dr. francis j. collini, an accomplished board-certified plastic surgeon who received training at johns hopkins medical center and the mayo clinic.
dr. collini also trained in beverly hills with world renowned plastic surgeon, richard ellenbogen to specialize in all aspects of cosmetic surgery. along with dually specializing in cosmetic and reconstructive surgery, dr. collini has become internationally recognized for his innovative technique in wound healing. hence, he has extensive experience and expertise in all disciplines of plastic surgery.
learn more
contact us
(570) 674-6525 info@collini.com


our location
1845 memorial highway shavertown,
pa 18708
business hours:
monday: 7 am to 5 pm
tuesday: 7 am to 5 pm
wednesday: 7 am to 5 pm
thursday: 7 am to 7 pm
friday: 7 am to 5 pm

about usprocedurestestimonialscontact usfaqschedule consultation
our family brands



 
 
2025 © the renaissance center


 
 
page load link




 


go to top




