









qsr brands – asean’s leading food-technology company




















































































 















 








closeabout us

overview / our story
awards

our business

restaurants
halal integrated poultry and manufacturing
ancillary

our people & culture

our core values
board of directors
corporate governance

our cr story

community
employees
marketplace
environment
sustainability reports

news & events
careers
menu 






































 
























building the future one meal at a time 



we are dedicated to building a sustainable and successful

business in the region whilst serving delicious meals to all. 











building the future, one meal at a time. 



we are dedicated to building a sustainable and successful

business in the region whilst serving delicious meals to all. 




















nourishing generation after generation 



							growing up through the generations for the past 49 years, we will always be here to celebrate moments of joy and happiness with all.						















nourishing generation after generation 



							growing up through the generations for the past 49 years, we will always be here to celebrate moments of joy and happiness with all.						










0 / 4 















with more than 700 kfc restaurants and over 500 pizza hut restaurants across malaysia, singapore, brunei, and cambodia serving famed family favourites 



a malaysian owned fully integrated halal company that provides gainful employment to over 20,000 people! 











qsr brands is a local company, proudly owned and run by malaysians.  we operate 741 kfc restaurants in malaysia, singapore, brunei, and cambodia, as well as more than 531 pizza hut concept restaurants and delivery services in malaysia and singapore. 



in addition to restaurant operations, we are also actively involved in other parts of the food value chain, specifically for chicken. this includes breeding, contract farming, hatcheries, meat production and processing as well as ancillary businesses such as bread processing, confectioneries and sauce manufacturing. of great import to us is that all of these businesses operate here in malaysia. 



these businesses provide employment opportunities for over twenty thousand (20,000) employees across malaysia, singapore, brunei, and cambodia. in malaysia, of the 16,000 employees, 80% are muslims. we are also very proud to say that we have been a pioneer in the employment of individuals with disabilities in our industry. 



a key pillar of our philosophy is ensuring that we are completely "halal". in all areas of our business. qsr brands adheres to strict food regulations and continues to receive the highest level of certification recognised by the department of islamic development malaysia (jakim). we also comply with ms1500:2009 and related standards. central and periodic monitoring is also frequently conducted by the shariah and halal compliance department and the shariah advisory council members. this has made qsr brands a leader in the halal space.  







 



as a business entity that upholds islamic core values, qsr brands is a firm believer in the concept of 'sadaqah', which is the muslim belief in voluntary acts of charity and righteous behaviour for a healthy and balanced society. in this regard, we are committed to paying annual business zakat and to date, we have contributed more than rm 62 million in business zakat. this zakat is then channelled to eligible muslims across malaysia by state zakat centres. 



besides zakat, our organisation is also actively involved in conducting corporate social responsibility activities through the kfc add hope fund. this fund is strongly committed to alleviating hunger and has been actively supporting the cause. in just the last 3 years, the add hope fund has given rm 1.7 million worth of food to needy people across malaysia.  we also have pizza hut’s hut to heart fund which focuses on supporting cancer care. we also contribute to yayasan johor corp, yayasan sultanah rogayah and an endowment to the syed naquib al-attas chair of islamic thought, universiti teknologi malaysia. 















 







about us 



our vision 



to be asean’s leading food-technology company. 



our purpose 



to create craveable moments everyday. 











about us 



our businesses 











kfcsince the opening of kfc's first outlet in malaysia in 1973, we have expanded to over 700 outlets in malaysia, singapore, brunei and cambodia. as the nation’s favourite fried chicken brand, we are constantly working to better serve our customers with great moments, excellent services and finger lickin' good food.
read more 







pizza hutbeginning our operations in 1982, pizza hut is now the largest pizza operator in malaysia and singapore with over 500 pizza hut restaurants. serving delicious meals including the infamous pan pizza, the company plans to expand the brand whilst making the meals more affordable!read more 







ayamasthe first in malaysia to introduce the sale of fresh halal chicken and other chicken based products. ayamas offers flavourful ready-to-eat meals, ready-to-cook products and other kitchen-shelf foodstuffs from signature sauces to confectionery and beverages.read more 







lifemalaysia’s leading sauce manufacturer, region food industries sdn bhd is widely known for the delicious ‘life’ condiments. the sauces are supplied to all kfc and pizza hut in malaysia and singapore and are available at other fast food operators, supermarkets, hypermarkets and provision stores in malaysia.read more 















our story 



corporate responsibility 



qsr brands thrives on a mutually dynamic relationship with our communities. to improve the wellbeing of those around us, we are committed to our corporate responsibility (cr) that supports our community, employees, marketplace, and environment. 



view our efforts  















add hoperead more 







add hope 
distribution programme​read more 







kfc feeding programmeread more 











hut to heartread more 







sayangimu programmeread more 







kfc community care storesread more 















news & events 



latest news 



we're always innovating and finding ways to change the world. find out what's new at qsr brands here! 












qsr brands
january 26, 2025
qsr brands reaffirms its partnership with utm raja zarith sofiah centre for advance studies in islam (rzs-casis)kuala lumpur, 26 january 2025 – qsr brands (m) holdings bhd (“qsr brands” or “the company”) proudly solidified its continued…read more 
qsr brands
january 6, 2025
celebrate chinese new year at kfc malaysia with golden crispy mantou and chewy cheese ballspetaling jaya, 06 january 2025 – kfc malaysia is excited to announce the introduction of two innovative products in time…read more 
qsr brands
december 17, 2024
bringing hope to malaysian flood evacuees with food aid worth rm100,000petaling jaya, 13 december 2024 – add hope malaysia the philanthropic initiative by kfc malaysia recently pledged its commitment to…read more  
















grow with us 



join us and be part 
 of our story 



there's only one reason why you should join qsr brands: our people. we believe that our people are our greatest asset. we prioritise positive career development and offer optimal working environment with adequate facilities to ensure that our people flourish to fulfil their potential. 







view careers  













follow us on 









 







 







 







 









contact us 



qsr brands (m) holdings bhd. (201101011105) 



menara qsr,

vsquare @ pj city centre,

jalan utara,   46200 petaling jaya,

selangor darul ehsan,

malaysia 






 
 +6 03 7933 8888



 
email.us@qsrbrands.com.my






 







connect with us 



send a message 





 




























δ


 






































































































