












sam sneads | oak grill & tavern

































407.622.8800



facebook


  





facebook



  
 
 












home
about us

the legend
media
licensing


main menu

lunch menu
dinner menu
wine menu


banquets & catering
contact us
 


select page


  
 



 



 














the legendlive and breathe the game of golf!
learn more

















oak grilled meatswe use locally-cured oak to grill
your taste buds will tingle when you try our special
chairman’s reserve angus beef, seafood, ribs, & chicken.




















lunch menuif you are craving a delicious lunch ranging from chairman’s reserve angus beef burgers, flat breads, sandwiches, signature soups and salads, then sam snead’s tavern is the place.
see our menu
















dinner menudinner at sam snead’s is an experience that stimulates all of your senses. the environment alone will keep you coming back for more, but our decadent dinners will make it that much more special.
see our menu
















wine menuwine is not just another libation to quench your thirst. wine is a delicious extension to a great meal. with our tasteful list of wines you can take your pallet on a ride to make you happy.
see our wine menu



















banquets & catering
cater your next event in style
make your next business meeting or social event a memorable one with fantastic food and beverages.

call for menu






























welcome to sam snead’s tavern
if you live and breathe the game of golf, you’re bound to hunger for more than a few birdies. at sam snead’s tavern, you can feast on your passion for the game, as well as great food. life’s too short to eat boring food. come in and roam from room to room, savoring the rich wood decor and all the memorabilia collected by sam as he made his way into golf history. then choose from a wide selection of foods grilled only with locally-cured oak, that creates the most unique flavor around. start with sam’s appetizers, then make your selection from the chairman’s reserve angus beef, the freshest seafood, ribs or chicken. complement all this with a fine wine or your favorite cocktail. and for the lighter appetite, there’s a wide salad and sandwich selection to be enjoyed at sam snead’s tavern. be sure to finish your meal with one of sam’s homemade desserts.




 









newsletter sign up!
sign up today for our newsletter, and receive sam snead specials, reviews and event information.









 








© 2017 sam snead's taverns all rights reserved. | powered by mycity social
 










			×			


























