

















university of chicago news

















































          inside the lab
                      




light lab: understanding the gut microbiome to treat disease


          step inside asst. prof. sam light’s lab to learn how scientists are mapping the incredible network of microbes living inside your gut—and how they can affect health or disease.
        







submit your images from uchicago research to 2025 science as art contest 










allen sanderson, who sparked ‘a love for economics’ in undergraduates, 1943-2025













argonne national laboratory opens ‘aurora’ supercomputer to researchers










‘a raisin in the sun’ comes home to the south side at uchicago’s court theatre










what effect will trump’s tariffs have on the u.s. economy?










                    around uchicago
            










uchicago launches new major in climate and sustainable growth 


          pioneering curriculum provides a multidisciplinary approach to examining climate change through uchicago classes, travel abroad
        







uchicago event examines impact and future of chicago principles on 10th anniversary


          as higher education faces deep challenges regarding free expression and academic freedom, uchicago leaders and faculty discuss how the chicago principles offer a compelling way forward
        









          in memoriam
                  

john reinitz, pioneering uchicago systems biologist and ‘fiercely independent thinker,’ 1958-2025










ruby bridges urges people to ‘choose good’ in the fight against injustice


          at uchicago’s mlk event, civil rights icon recalls integrating new orleans schools and pleads to protect today’s youth
        









how to celebrate black history month 2025 at uchicago












        
                    podcasts
            
        



big brains homepage







big brains podcast
exploring the groundbreaking research and discoveries transforming our world
follow us:















apple music





spotify






youtube











          episode 152
                  

the little-known secrets to a good life, with shigehiro oishi


          psychologist argues to look beyond happiness and meaning to find fulfillment
        











          episode 151
                  

how bioelectronics could heal our bodies and minds, with bozhi tian


          scientists design living devices to fight infections, power the heart and regulate the brain
        









          episode 150
                  

could a fungal pandemic be “the last of us?” with arturo casadevall


          scientists warn against a potential health threat due to climate change, resistance to drugs
        









          episode 149
                  

what’s the truth about alcohol’s benefits and risks? with tim stockwell 


          research on red wine and moderate drinking were skewed, scholar claims
        









          episode 148
                  

what happens when we die? with sam parnia


          research on consciousness sheds new light on the line between life and death
        






become a big brains insider
listen to our latest episodes, explore exciting new ideas in academic research—and even enjoy little bites of brain food—in our biweekly newsletter.

            subscribe
          





                    more from the university of chicago podcast network
            





capitalisn't
          





is capitalism the engine of destruction or the engine of prosperity?

listen









not another politics podcast
          





understand the political science behind the headlines

listen









entitled
          





why rights matter—and what’s the matter with rights

listen











                    special series
            











          inside the lab
                      




education lab: using tutoring to reverse pandemic-era learning loss


          learn how uchicago experts are working with school districts nationwide to tackle learning loss and scale solutions to set students up for success.
        







          uchicago class visits
                  

uchicago students engage their senses outside the classroom


          undergraduates create art by listening, touching, tasting and smelling our impact on the environment
        









          meet a uchicagoan
                  

unraveling the ancient past, one tablet at a time


          uchicago student danielle levy finds passion for the akkadian language through core curriculum
        









          dispatches from abroad
                  

uchicago’s study abroad contest winners share the stories behind their art


          students discuss creative process behind photo, video and writing entries
        










                    uchicago explainer series
            
view all explainers










cosmic rays, explained


          trillions upon trillions of cosmic rays hit the earth every day. what are they?
        




recent




carbon-14 dating, explained


          first developed in the late 1940s at uchicago, carbon dating can determine the age of organic materials as old as 60,000 years.
        










improv, explained


          modern improv comedy began at the university of chicago in the 1950s.
        







                    most viewed
            




how the earth and moon formed, explained








ecological succession, explained








perfect pitch, explained







 









university of chicago
office of communications
5801 s. ellis ave., suite 120, chicago, il 60637
(773) 702-8360
news@uchicago.edu



university of chicago homepage
office of communications staff directory
brand & identity guidelines
accessibility









































                    © 2025 university of chicago - all rights reserved
            








