




home collections furniture | aurora, denver, parker, centennial, littleton, castle rock, co



























skip to main content
































search









location

come say hello!


home collections furniture
23901 east orchard road suite eaurora, co 80016
303-364-3178



get directions




sign in



cart


0






search





search
















location


view cart 0


sign in









welcome to home collections—where family meets furniture.we’re not just your local furniture store—we’re a family with deep roots in this community, and we’re excited to share our passion for quality furniture with you. explore our showroom, featuring a personalized selection of furniture, mattresses, and accessories. we’re committed to making your shopping experience easy with premium delivery and flexible payment options. visit us today! we can't wait to help you create a home you love.visit us todayshop by roomliving roomdining roombedroomhome officemattressesaccentstransform your space with stylediscover modern, meticulously crafted furniture in aurora, denver, parker, centennial, littleton, castle rock, co designed to elevate every room in your home. explore our collection for pieces that blend timeless elegance with contemporary flair, and find your perfect fit today.shop by styleget inspirednot sure what your style is? take our style quiz to find your unique style! take the quiz.contemporarycasualrelaxed vintagemid centuryrustictransitionalfresh stylesvisit home collections furniture to see the freshest styles and trends available in the market today. we have it all whether you are looking for a traditional style with decorative lines and dark finishes, something that is casual and comfortable, the distressed wood and unique metal seen in rustic furniture or a popular mid-century modern look. update your living room with a modern accent rug or give your whole bedroom a new vibe with a vintage bedroom set; no matter what room you are looking for or the size of the project you're taking on, home collections furniture is here to help. if you can’t decide which style best fits your taste, check our our design quiz which is configured to lead you to a style that matches your preferences as well as shows you items you might be interested in. ask one of our designers for additional help choosing a style or design best for your home. servicing the nearby aurora, denver, parker, centennial, littleton, castle rock, co areas. hand crafted and custom dining room furniture, we'll build it for youdesign the dining space of your dreams with custom-made furniture tailored to your style and needs. choose every detail, from wood type to finish, for a one-of-a-kind piece that’s built to last. at home collections, we make it easy for you to build the piece and room of your dreams. stop by our showroom today in aurora, co. servicing the nearby aurora, denver, parker, centennial, littleton, castle rock, co areas.shop custom diningtop brandshome collections has brought to you a curation of the best brands offered in the furniture industry. these brands bring both quality and durability so you can feel comfortable knowing your next purchase will bring you years of comfort and style. servicing the aurora, denver, parker, centennial, littleton, castle rock, co areas. view all brands!aurora's best mattress solution — instant comfort smart bedsat home collections we've curated a collection of smart beds from instant comfort with adjustable firmness for you and your partner to get your best nights sleep.shop instant comfortmore from home collectionsat home collections, we're committed to providing our customers with excellent level service with every day pricing and availability. we're a family run business that is ready to help you complete the home of your dreams.sellour best price promiseat home collections, we're committed to providing you with the best possible price. we will beat any colorado brick and mortar store by 110% of the difference. yes really. learn more.local_shippingdelivery serviceswith home collections, delivery is more than just the destination. learn more about how we're making delivery simpler while still providing amazing service. favoritein god we trustas a locally owned and family-run furniture store, we believe in the importance of tradition, care, and community. just like prayer brings peace and connection, we strive to provide the best feeling for your home.peopleabout ushome collections is a family run store. we want you to feel like you're visiting family when you shop with us. come on in or learn more about our team and family in the home furnishings industry.do you want tobe in the loop?don't miss out on the latest and greatest. follow us!why shop at home collections furnitureat home collections furniture, we believe that furniture shopping should feel like visiting family. as a family-run business, we take pride in creating a warm and welcoming atmosphere for every person who walks through our doors. we're proud to be a part of the aurora community, let us help you create your perfect room.what our customers sayhome collections furniture — aurora, denver, centennial, littleton, castle rock, cowelcome to home collections furniture! we are a family-owned furniture store with one location in aurora colorado and serve the aurora, denver, parker, centennial, littleton, castle rock, colorado areas. browse this site to see our product and get inspired, then stop by our store and see the product in person. you will find an excellent selection of furniture, mattresses, and accessories including sofas, sectionals, recliners, custom dining tables, beds, bedroom storage, area rugs, entertainment furniture, kids furniture and more! our clearance center is the perfect place to find discount furniture and sale products at the lowest prices you will find. while you are there, meet with the thompson family owners - they can help you reach your final goal by offering advice or product information so you can be confident in your purchase.










don’t miss out on deals & new releases





submitting...







contact notes - required*

do you agree to the terms of service?
































home collections furniture offers an exceptional selection of sofas, sectionals, recliners, chairs, leather furniture, custom upholstery, beds, mattresses including instant comfort brand mattresses, dressers, nightstands, dining sets, kitchen storage, office furniture, entertainment, and offers assistance with home design and decorating. home collections furniture focuses on helping people find quality and value in the aurora, denver, parker, centennial, littleton, castle rock, co areas.
information accuracy - we have taken great care to provide you with information that is accurate and useful. please notify us if you find an error and we will do our best to correct it. we ask that you contact us directly to confirm information about pricing, color, features, dimensions, availability and lead times.
nothing on this page may be copied or reproduced without explicit permission.







site powered by furnituredealer.net © 2006 - 2025 furnituredealer.net, inc., all rights reserved.


privacy policy
accessibility statement
do not sell my personal information
























