







gerotech, inc: machines, solutions, support
















































headquarters & sales  
734-379-7788


service
248-476-8787


grand rapids
616-735-1100


get a quote









company

aboutcareersnews and events
machines





vmc

vf series - 40 & 50 taper5-axis universal machinesvr sereis with 5-axis headpallet-changing vmcsmini millsmould machineshigh-speed drill tap / 30 & 40 tapertoolroom millscompact millsgantry millsmill/turn multi-tasking machinesextra-large vmc - 50-taper 
 


hmc

40-taper50-taper 
cnc turning

2-axis lathesdual-spindle lathes3-axis lathessub-spindle lathes 
rotaries and indexers

rotary tablesindexers - 5c collet5-axis rotaries 
 


toolingfinancinghaas factory outlet 
 

engineered solutions

automated systemengineering process optimizationcustom workholding and toolingcustom training programmodification of standard machine toolsintegration partnersunique applications for standard machines
support

service request formstrainingrotary repairplanned maintenance








 
job openingswe’re changing the face of manufacturing. join us.as a family-owned business, we value each team member’s contributions and offer opportunities to make a real impact. if you're driven by excellence and eager to grow in a dynamic, supportive environment, we want to hear from you. be part of a company that values your skills and invests in your success!
senior controls engineerthe controls engineer will perform electrical and controls engineering services including the development of turnkey manufacturing systems that involve cnc machines (i.e. cnc lathes and machining centers), part handling, conveyors, robotics, vision and other typical manufacturing systems. 
learn moreproposal engineerthe proposal engineer is responsible for the development and submission of proposals for projects related to innovative engineered solutions.  this will include assessing customer needs, designing solutions, and providing accurate cost estimates for proposed projects.
learn morecareer centervisit our full career center to view all job openings.
visit career centerwinner's circlehaas winner's circle 1-year membershipnow only $10unlock exclusive benefits, discounts,
and more with haas winner's circle
join winner's circlewinner's circle detailsdsc_2087 



 



engineered solutions
training
service
about
careers
contact









 
bkg_about_mobilebkg_training_mobile 



 

 








machines





tooling





automation





engineered solutions





training





parts and support






michigan’s premier distributor for cnc machinery, robotics, and engineered turnkey solutions
since 1987, gerotech has sold cnc machinery and engineered turnkey solutions to manufacturers world wide. we have sold mills, lathes, 5-axis machines along with industrial and collaborative robotic solutions. we do it through people who listen, respond, build, deliver, and support as committed partners in order to transform your manufacturing challenges into competitive advantages.



machines
our knowledgeable sales staff  are able to help you choose the perfect machines for your applications.  from mills to lathes to robots, our experts have something for any application.


solutions
gerotech offers fully engineered turnkey services for any of your custom manufacturing needs.  our experts have years of experience solving unique problems.  see what gerotech can do for you!


support
our service department is staffed with factory-trained and certified personnel. every one of our technicians receives comprehensive training on a variety of topics, including new machine installation, electrical and mechanical repair, ball bar testing, and software upgrades.








				our partners:
			


























a long history of excellent service and value
“i have never had such consistent, quality customer support from a company and an overall great experience. every contact has been timely, there has been good communication, friendly service, and each time they are happy to educate me along the way and i walk away with more information and peace of mind than i had hoped for.”
~michael rudisill~
learn more about gerotech






put our engineers to work on your project
engage with us today






 












join our mailing list to stay up-to-date
	











 











join our mailing list to stay
up-to-date






















29220 commerce drive, flat rock, mi 48134    734-379-7788
29220 commerce drive, flat rock, mi 48134734-379-7788
			
			copyright © 2025 gerotech, inc. all rights reserved.			   privacy    

































