




 | psychotherapy for adults











































menu
home
my approach
your first visit
articles
specialties
biography
blog
contact
 




home

welcome to my website
as an experienced, licensed psychotherapist, i provide therapy for adults for a wide range of difficulties including anxiety, depression and relationship problems.  my psychotherapy office is located in the pacific heights neighborhood of san francisco, also convenient to southern marin. 
by  establishing a trusting relationship, together we explore thoughts and  feelings you find troublesome. by being understood, the goal is that you will better understand yourself and find roads to greater peace of mind and improved relationships in all areas of your life.

my style as a therapist is thoughtful, warm and engaging.
my approach is direct and collaborative.
by creating a comfortable and safe environment it becomes possible to explore vulnerable issues.

finding  the right therapist to work with is essential for a successful therapy.  please explore my website to get a better sense of my services, philosophy and approach to emotional growth. 





goodtherapy.org®
gloria saltzman, ma, mfa
san francisco, ca






 gloria saltzman is a gifted clinican.
 
her patience and positive attitude are remarkable. she consistently provides clarity when i see chaos. my communication style is often incoherent and she manages to pinpoint the real concerns and keep me from digressing. she doesn’t allow my obstinacy to affect her attitude or our work. when it becomes particularly difficult for me, her warmth and genuine caring make it easier to share the intimate aspects of my life.
 
her professionalism is unquestioned. she maintains strict confidentiality and skillfully utilizes outside resources when circumstances warrant. working with her is a gift and will improve your life.
 




search for:






 "put your ear down close to your soul and listen hard." -anne sexton
 

every marriage, even the strongest, encounters challenges. are you prepared to face the storms that loom over the horizon? please read my 'pearl of wisdom' in this collection about successful marriage by jaleh weber.


recent posts


grief and bereavement


water lillies


making use of a broken heart


archives

january 2017
june 2011

meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org










			
			gloria saltzman ~~
marriage and family therapist  ~~
psychotherapy for adults ~~
 2485 clay street, suite 106
san francisco, ca  ~~
415-821-3556				
















