







circa '21 dinner playhouse








































































































              home
            

              our season
            

              box office
            

              backstage
            



quick links!






back


              our 48th season
            

              tickets and times
            

              current menu
            

              seating chart
            












































































homeour seasonbox officebackstage












quick links!

our 48th season
tickets and times
current menu
seating chart











scroll


















showing jan. 17 - march 8, 2025preview performances: jan. 15 & 16, 20255 actors portray more than 40 characters with a web of clues, silly accents, disguises & deceit — and sherlock holmes is on the case!get your deerstalker cap on – the play’s afoot! comedic genius ken ludwig transforms arthur conan doyle’s classic the hound of the baskervilles into a murderously funny adventure. sherlock holmes is on the case. the male heirs of the baskerville line are being dispatched one by one. to find their ingenious killer, holmes and watson must brave the desolate moors before a family curse dooms its newest heir. watch as our intrepid investigators try to escape a dizzying web of clues, silly accents, disguises, and deceit as five actors deftly portray more than forty characters. does a wild hellhound prowl the moors of devonshire? can our heroes discover the truth in time? join the fun and see how far from elementary the truth can be.rated pg




    current menu
  




    click here for ticket information!
  




    seating chart
  













a story of adventure and finding one’s own heart – a path that can’t be found on any treasure map!aaaaaaaarrrr you ready for fun on the high seas?! based on the acclaimed children’s book of the same name, how i became a pirate is the musical adventure about a young boy named jeremy jacob who gets recruited by the friendly captain braid beard and his mates to help find the perfect digging spot for their treasure. the pirate world proves to have many surprises for jeremy jacob and he ultimately learns that true treasure can be found in the heart and home. terrific songs — such as a good one to boot, green teeth, i’m really just a sensitive guy, you’ve got to talk like a pirate, pirates dot aaargh! and many others — will have children of all ages rolling in the aisles!march 25 – april 19show-only performances available on select days.




    click here for a schedule of dates & times
  













toby keith tribute
june 5. 2025get ready for a wild ride through the heart and soul of country music with toby, the ultimate tribute to the bad boy of country music, toby keith! this electrifying show is guaranteed to leave audiences on their feet, singing along to hit after hit of great country music, all brought to life by the one and only hollywood yates! sing your heart out to timeless classics like “how do you like me now,” “should’ve been a cowboy,” and “i love this bar,” feeling every word resonate deep within your soul. with every strum of the guitar and every beat of the drum, toby pays homage to toby keith’s extraordinary career, capturing the essence of his rebellious charm and his unwavering dedication to his craft. hollywood yates embodies the spirit of this country music legend, delivering a powerhouse performance!matinee (sold out!) & evening performances






    learn more about the concert series!
  


















offering the most unique dining and entertainment experience in the quad cities!

 

we combine delicious dinners, a performing waitstaff, and professional productions all in our historic 1921 venue! whether you’re a new guest, season subscriber or here with a motorcoach or school group, we can’t wait to share our dedication to storytelling with you!here are some quick links to joining us!

 


    groups 12+
  




    student groups
  




    auditions
  




    employment
  
















 











heartbreak hotel is a brilliant homage to a man who gave the world a musical revolution! featuring over 40 hit songs, heartbreak hotel celebrates the extraordinary life of award winning, cultural icon elvis presley. from his childhood in mississippi to his triumphant ’68 comeback special, this brand new high-energy production explores the pivotal moments in elvis’ life and music career through the perspectives of those who knew him best. iconic hits include “all shook up,” “burning love,” “love me tender,” “hound dog,” “blue suede shoes,” and many more!rated pgshowing march 12 - may 3, 2025

 














  











  













































have you heard about the speakeasy?!it’s the qc's hottest destination for a variety of quality nightlife entertainment! and it just so happens to be our secondary theatre located right next door!  you’ll see adult comedy shows and stand up, improv shows, drag queens, big band concerts, burlesque, and so much more! this beautiful, spacious venue is also perfect for your next event! 



coming soon to the speakeasy













misery "i'm your number one fan. there's nothing to worry about. you're going to be just fine. i will take good care of you. i'm your number one fan." annie wilkes​don't miss this live stage version of the stephen king classic! misery follows successful romance novelist paul sheldon, who is rescued from a car crash by his “number one fan,” annie wilkes, and wakes up captive in her secluded home. while paul is convalescing, annie reads his latest book and becomes enraged when she discovers the author has killed off her favorite character, misery chastain. annie forces paul to write a new misery novel, and he quickly realizes annie has no intention of letting him go anywhere. the irate annie has paul writing as if his life depends on it, and it does. don't miss your chance to see misery live on stage at the speakeasy!must be 18 or olderfeb. 21, 22, 23 & 28doors 7 p.m. • show 8 p.m. • tickets: $25 in advance/$30 the day of show




    order online through eventbrite
  



** there is a service charge for event brite online purchases




    learn more about the speakeasy!
  




    rent the speakeasy!
  















































current show



circa intro



coming soon 47



celebrate



speakeasy info and links








 









 



circa '21 dinner playhouse
1828 3rd avenue,
rock island, il, 61201,
united states
309-786-7733


hours
mon 10am - 5pm
tue 10am - 5pm
wed 10am - 6pm
thu 10am - 5pm
fri 10am - 6pm
sat 10am - 6pm
sun 12pm - 4pm




current season
mainstage
children's shows
concert series
quick info
ticket information
seating chart
current menu
audiences
tour groups
student groups
subscriptions
celebrations
professionals
auditions
employment
donations
classes and camps





box office hours: mon / tues / thurs : 10am - 5pmweds / fri / sat : 10am - 6pmsunday : 12pm - 4pm





































