








home | obstetrics and gynecology
























skip to main content





 











 





ways to give


 
 










 






home
directory
contact
log in











 




request an appointment – (520) 694-6010
college of medicine


 
 







aboutremembering dr. kenneth hatchaccess, community, and belongingnewsways to giveaccomplishmentsfacultyappointed facultymentoring programspecialtiesfemale pelvic medicine and reconstructive surgerygeneral obstetrics & gynecologygynecologic oncologymaternal-fetal medicinereproductive endocrinology and infertilityeducationresidency programfellowship programclerkship programobgyn electivesabout the u of aliving in tucsonresearchongoing researchpublicationspatientspatient servicesclinic locationspatient resources 

 















 
 

graduation dinner 
graduation dinner

 

 
 

obgyn white coat 1
department white coat 2024

 

 
 

obgyn white coat 2
department white coat 2024

 


 

 





the department of obstetrics and gynecology provides comprehensive clinical care for women while conducting state-of-the-art research and outreach to local, rural, and international communities. in addition, its faculty members deliver outstanding educational programs through five specialty divisions.


 
 





home










 



welcome from the department head




  
 the department of obstetrics & gynecology is dedicated to providing excellence in the specialty care of women.  this includes general gynecology, gynecologic oncology, urogynecology, female pelvic medicine and reconstructive surgery, general obstetrics, prenatal care, prenatal diagnosis, delivery, fetal ultrasound, fetal cardiac disease detection and management, high-risk pregnancy management, and other diagnoses and treatments affecting women.
chaur-dong hsu, md, mph
	professor and department head
 
 read more  

 

 
 









the university of arizona department of obstetrics and gynecology continues to provide high-quality healthcare, including the full range of available reproductive health options under the current law. the department will continue the high-level, evidence-based training in abortion care that we have always maintained. we have a plan in place to meet the needs of our trainees and our community.
advocacy for healthcare, reproductive rights, and freedom is unwavering and remains a core part of our training curriculum. in addition, our faculty are actively involved in making policy for the largest healthcare corporation in the state as well as at the state legislative level.
we know abortion is healthcare and that bodily autonomy and reproductive rights for all individuals in our community are the only way for a community to remain healthy. research proves that when every person can access the full spectrum of reproductive health care choices, including abortion care, we as a community will achieve more educationally, economically, and socially.
as always, the department of obstetrics and gynecology and its faculty will lead by example. we are committed to helping trainees navigate these new barriers for our patients and community. we are committed to teaching how, as physicians, we advocate for our patients in receiving the care they deserve.
abortion is healthcare. we look forward to having our students and trainees by our side as we continue to stand up for reproductive rights. no matter how difficult those conversations may be, we shall continue and confidently train the next generation of powerful advocates for reproductive rights.










education



research



patients



diversity, equity, and inclusion



development



faculty affairs






    


 




recent news




 

dr. lee presents at sfp annual meeting! 
november 1, 2023
dr. hillary lee presented her resident research project as a poster today at the society of family planning (sfp) annual meeting in seattle, wa.



  

 


november 1, 2023
setsuko k. chambers, md, endowed chair creation! 

  

 

dr. coppola awarded the 2023 apgo humanism in teaching award! 
october 3, 2023
the apgo humanism in teaching award is given for demonstrating and fostering the compassionate, respectful, and empathetic treatment of learners, healthcare teams, patients and families! 

  


more news

 

 




upcoming events



no events scheduled at this time. 
 

 





contact us


 
 









department of obstetrics and gynecology
	1501 n. campbell  |   8th floor  |  tucson, arizona 85724
	tel: 520-694-6010 |   fax: 520-694-2892 


 





college of medicine - tucson





the university of arizona is an eeo/aa - m/w/d/v employer. admin login
web development by uahs biocom


 





university privacy statement
	© 2022 the arizona board of regents on behalf of the university of arizona.


 
 
  


