






























    m.a.w. children's center - lakewood, ca- home page
  













               


         share us on: 


   





 5510 clark ave, lakewood,  ca 90712 info@mawchildrencenter.com

  call us today!
  562-867-4083





       home



  curriculum



  activities



  menu



  contact us











    
 





       



    welcome to our web site
      m.a.w. children's center 
 is conveniently located in the city of lakewood, next to mayfair park, in  the burn's community service center at 5510 n. clark avenue.
 for over 32 years, our goal has been to ensure the complete satisfaction of every customer, while offering knowledgeable and friendly service at affordable rates.
 we know that you have a choice of children's centers in the area and we appreciate your consideration. our hope is that you'll feel confident in our ability to meet all of your expectations and know that our customers are always our number one focus.
 established in 1971, we have gained the experience of being able to provide nearly any type of service that you require. however, if you don't see exactly what you're looking for here, please contact us and we will do everything we can to satisfy your needs.
 please take a moment to browse through our site to learn more about our company and how we can show you the m.a.w. children's center difference. if you have any questions or comments, please feel free to contact us. we look forward to hearing from you soon.

     
  children at playground — children's center in lakewood,, ca



 
  group of children — children's center in lakewood,, ca



 
  children coloring with crayons at table — children's center in lakewood,, ca



 
  inside the children's center — children's center in lakewood,, ca



 
  group of children coloring with crayons at table — children's center in lakewood,, ca



 
  children eating meal — children's center in lakewood,, ca



 
  boy playing colorful balls — children's center in lakewood,, ca












    our history
  m.a.w. (mother's at work) children's centers are educational centers for young children. the centers are operated by m.a.w. inc., a private, non-profit tax-exempt, california corporation. we do not discriminate against race, religion, creed or national origin.  the centers were founded in 1971 with funds loaned from st. mary's medical center of long beach, memorial hospital medical center of long beach and dr. ida pearce, president of m.a.w. inc. we were one of the original centers in the long beach area to offer infant care (at this time we do not offer infant care).  we currently have one location in lakewood. this center offers a full day program monday through friday for children ages 2 to 5 years old. children in our preschool programs do not need to be toilet trained to be enrolled.  in each pre-school class we have one teacher for each group of 10-12 children. all of the teachers specialize in the field of early childhood education and the centers encourage their continued education.  each group receives instruction and experience in language development, math, science, health, art, music, physical development and dramatic play. the outside equipment is designed for large muscle development.  a hot breakfast is served in the morning at 7:30 a.m. hot lunches are served daily along with a snack at mid-morning and mid-afternoon. our nutrition program is supplemented by the child care food program, state department of education and the meals served meet their nutritional requirements.  we are licensed by the state department of social services to give care and meet all the standards of that department. license number: 191601006.  the center has its own educational director, shelia palmer, who supervises the curriculum planning and evaluates each child's needs and selects an individual program for him.  our year-round hours of operation for the pre-school program are from 6:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. monday through friday.







          home



  curriculum



  activities



  menu



  contact us





     phone: 562-867-4083 
| email:
info@mawchildrencenter.com 
| address: 5510 clark ave, lakewood,  ca 90712
  operating hours:    mon-fri
6:00 am - 6:00 pm

 sat-sun
closed






     share us on:


   





content, including images, displayed on this website is protected by copyright laws. downloading, republication, retransmission or reproduction of content on this website is strictly prohibited. terms of use 
| privacy policy





















































































































  
  share by:












