



allen, shea and associates – over 1 million website views since 1996

































 













skip to content 


over 1 million website views since 1996




 








all about person-centered outcomes 
february 13, 2025 by allenbill 


in order for a plan to be successful, the team has to know what the person being supported wantsto accomplish. staff need to understand what is being worked towards in order to better supportthe person. when the team and person identifies the outcome, it creates a shared vision for thefuture. read about developing person-centered outcomes … read more


categories person centered thinking, planning, service coordination 





key points about recent trends in person-centered planning 
february 10, 2025 by allenbill 


while al generated, this makes for an interesting and quick resource.


categories person centered thinking, planning, service coordination 





culture, intersectionality, identity, and disability 
february 2, 2025january 29, 2025 by allenbill 


understanding culture is important to person-centered thinking, planning, and practices. culture influences how we view health, mental health, well-being, illness, and disability. culture influences what a person believes is important to them and their families. since we are all cultural beings, programs striving to deliver person-centered thinking, planning, and practices must be responsive to culture. … read more


categories community living, life quality, person centered thinking, planning 





guiding people through change* 
january 21, 2025 by allenbill 


individuals with and without disabilities are often quite uncomfortable with change, for all sorts of understandable reasons. this can lead them to resist it and oppose it. this is why it’s important to understand how people are feeling as change proceeds, so that you can guide them through it and so that – in the … read more


categories uncategorized 





third places and community connectors 
january 18, 2025 by allenbill 


in his book the great good place, oldenburg writes about what he refers to as “third places,” those places in every community where locals gather to visit, share news and be among others. such places are a great spot to meet the neighborhood “connectors” (those people who know everyone else) and to assist someone to … read more


categories community living, life quality, person centered thinking 





standing with jon 
january 17, 2025 by allenbill 


in the early days (late 1980s) of person-centered thinking and planning, essential lifestyle planning was created by michael smull and susan burke harrison to support people moving from institutions to community living arrangements. in the early 1990s, jon was one of the first individuals outside of an institution to work with michael and claudia bolton on … read more


categories community living, person centered thinking, planning 





andi for consumers 
january 17, 2025 by allenbill 


forty plus years ago (1982), nancy gardner and i wrote this piece. we called it the andi for consumers. it was an easy-to-read version of the andi (a normalization and development instrument) that was, in turn, based on the pass (program analysis of service systems) by wolf wolfensberger). california dds used the andi to evaluate … read more


categories community living, evaluation, life quality, person centered thinking 





what happens when you pay for your own services? 
december 30, 2024 by allenbill 


by john o’brien in most places, the government still pays people who give services. services like a place to live, help with finding a job, support in keeping a place of your own. in some places, things are starting to change! the government is starting to give money to people with developmental disabilities to pay for their own … read more


categories community living, life quality tags developmental disability, john o'brien 





promising practices for person-centered plans 
december 21, 2024 by allenbill 


what exactly does a “good”person-centered plan include or look like? what are some outcomes we might anticipate for the person? this resource outlines promising practices for person-centered plan documentation anddescribes indicators of truly person-centered plans for quality monitoring purposes.


categories community living, decision making, life quality, person centered thinking tags choice, person-centered, quality assurance 





person-centered planning and perversion prevention 
december 21, 2024december 21, 2024 by allenbill 


every bit as relevant today, this article was written by michael w. smull and susan burke harrison in 1993. changing our actions as well as our words. person-centered planning, in all of its forms, is moving from something done by a few enthusiasts to an activity that is being widely adopted and adapted. as it … read more


categories person centered thinking, planning tags developmental disability, planning 




older posts

page1
page2
…
page16
next → 






search for:



 



 


menu 
archives of the california gatherings – newsletters and resource notes
the learning community for person centered practices
circl community living resources
download list
supporting regional center initiatives for person centered organizational change
about allen, shea & associates
asa project samples
asa you tube channel
 

 








 allen, shea & associates
a certified california small business and disabled veteran business enterprise since 1986
over 1 million website views since 1996
50 chapel hill drive, napa, ca  94559
telephone:  (707) 738-0342
allenbill@mac.com

 

subscribe to blog via email


enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.



							email address						







 
							subscribe						



 






© 2025 allen, shea and associates • built with generatepress 















 download






thank you for your download, we hope you are satisfied with our software.




























cancel


click here to download










 

















