





triple threat performing arts – jazz, ballet, tap, and modern dance in the tri-valley area












































 








skip to content
 


 

menu


home
about us
classes & schedule
contact us
registration
studio info

location
photo gallery
dance styles
alumni
testimonials
instagram
facebook


our staff





 














latest news 



















news 


online store



now open!




  











classes and teams 











summer camps 2025 coming soon 























 
















about us 











our mission 



to provide students of all ages with the knowledge, appreciation and skills to enjoy dance, music, and drama for a lifetime. 











what began as a dream more than 20 years ago, is now a reality. triple threat performing arts opened its doors in livermore. ss dance express and the livermore academy of the performing arts have come together to create a unique, well-rounded performing arts center that is more than just a dance studio. with over 40 years of combined teaching and knowledge between them, the owners of triple threat have created something new and exciting. triple threat performing arts is a place where students of all ages and levels can come to learn everything from ballet, jazz, tap, hip hop, lyrical jazz and modern dance, as well as acting, vocal and music training. these are all the “tools” a student needs to become a true “triple threat.” our goal is to offer the best training in the bay area at every level, from recreational to advanced, from 2 years old to 102 years old. triple threat performing arts, where it is our mission to provide students of all ages with the knowledge, appreciation and skills to enjoy dance, music and drama for a lifetime. if you can dream it and believe it, we can help you achieve it. 












performance videos 

































contact us 











we keep regular business hours at the studio. feel free to call us at (925) 443-5272. or email us at info@triplethreatpa.com 












our staff 












									[staff]								

















location 












 












315 wright brothers avenue, livermore, ca 94551keep in mind that instructors may be instructing lessons and not immediately available for talking. another way to reach us is via email at info@triplethreatpa.com. and some of the instructors have email contacts on the staff page.we are very proud of our facility at 315 wright brothers avenue in livermore. we believe we have created the ideal environment for learning the performing arts, and added comfort for family members not taking classes. this is really a place you need to experience to believe! if you’re looking for tap dance, ballet dancing, and other dance styles, come visit one of our studios. it’s easy to find us. from the 580 freeway, we’re off the airport blvd for those of you coming from tracy or the dublin / san ramon area. with the completion of the isabel ave. extension we are a now a short hop from pleasanton and south livermore. many of our students or their parents find our proximity to  cga gymnastics very convenient. see the map for directions. at our livermore facility, we have five (5) large studios that we use for all styles of dance. all of these floors are floating for safety for our dancers.  we also have our 4th room upstairs dedicated for our younger dancers. we have three dressing rooms, should you need to come or leave in street clothes. in our upstairs area, we have a couch and tv ready for little ones to watch videos or just relax. for those in school there are desks at which you can do your homework in between your classes. a break room with kitchenette is available for preparation of birthday parties or other events. if you are interested in renting studio space, please contact us at info@triplethreatpa.com 











dance styles 











									we teach various styles of dancing for all ages. for more detailed information regarding a style of dance, please contact the studio and we will be happy to give you more details. our styles include ballet, pointe, jazz, hip hop, lyrical, modern, tap, musical theatre, flexibility and body alignment, and combo. visit here for more information on what is involved with each dance style.								


























										copyright © 2025 triple threat performing arts		 – 
onepress theme by famethemes					













