
















ccjs home | ccjs l criminology and criminal justice department l university of maryland











      skip to main content
    
































































twitter










instagram
































homeabout usdepartmentpeopleresources & affiliated centersundergraduateprospective studentscurrent ccjs majorshonors programundergraduate researchinternships and career opportunitiesextracurricular programsccjs at shady grovegraduateccjs graduate studiesphd programmaster's programstudent resourcesresearchracial democracy crime and justice network small grants programrecent publicationscriminal justice policy & practicecriminological theory development & testingemergent issues in crime & justicecriminology for the 21st centurystatistical methods & data analysisrdcjn






























homeabout usdepartmentpeopleresources & affiliated centersundergraduateprospective studentscurrent ccjs majorshonors programundergraduate researchinternships and career opportunitiesextracurricular programsccjs at shady grovegraduateccjs graduate studiesphd programmaster's programstudent resourcesresearchracial democracy crime and justice network small grants programrecent publicationscriminal justice policy & practicecriminological theory development & testingemergent issues in crime & justicecriminology for the 21st centurystatistical methods & data analysisrdcjn







































criminology & criminal justice: be the solution




















































































































prison's imprint: assistant professor stewart examines the ripple effects of legal involvement








































cracking cases at fictional crime scenes








































violence reduction center seeks to scale ‘invaluable’ violence reduction tool








































meet cydney simmons, chair of the dean’s student advisory council








































dr. rachel ellis wins 2024 asc hindelang outstanding book award








































umd study to evaluate six maryland counties’ law enforcement diversion programs








































dr. gary lafree speaks on institutional legitimacy and violence at the 2024 stockholm criminology symposium








































umd study: some black residents still distrust baltimore police department, even after reforms








































rod k. brunson co-authors commentary on gun violence and pretrial detention













stopplay

view all featured stories


















































news & events




































spatial analysis with big data: lecture & workshop by dr. dan o’brien





save the date: mac/sacc lecture series
dr. dan o’brien: spatial analysis with big data





spatial analysis with big data: lecture & workshop by dr. dan o’brien - read more 










































fearless fulbrights: jelmar meester





incoming fulbright scholar jelmar meester shares his work in the criminology field exploring methods traditionally used to study individual crimes into a corporate crime context.






fearless fulbrights: jelmar meester - read more 










































sophie rzepala awarded 2024 ‘be the solution’





the umd college of behavioral and social sciences has selected sophie rzepala to receive the 2024 “be the solution” senior scholar award.






sophie rzepala awarded 2024 ‘be the solution’ - read more 










































dr. gary lafree named as umd professor emeritus





the department of criminology and criminal justice is honored to announce that dr. gary lafree has been named professor emeritus at the university of maryland.






dr. gary lafree named as umd professor emeritus - read more 











view all newsview all events






































items of interest























ccjs undergrad blog










criminology for the 21st century










ccjs newsletter










statistical lectures










umd green office










job opportunities
































publications
























participant accounts of police violence during black lives matter protests in chicago.












a race-centered critique of place-based research and policing.












the potential for protective places in a high crime neighborhood.












national assessments of money laundering risks: stumbling at the start.












strengths and weaknesses of open source data for studying terrorism and political radicalization.









view all publications












































department of criminology and criminal justice
university of maryland, 2220 samuel j. lefrak hall, 7251 preinkert drive, college park, md 20742
phone: 301-405-4699  ♦ fax: 301-405-4733 ♦ email: ccjs-admin [at] umd.edu ♦ contact us







































give to ccjs










receive email










college directory










alumni










umd web accessibility






























login / logout
















