











home » dental council































 home







 i practise in new zealand







 i want to practise in new zealand







 patients, the public and employers







 about the dental council







 resources and publications








contact us




























contact us


































						
						home
						









						
							i practise in new zealand
						










						
						i practise in new zealand
						










						
						i want to practise in new zealand
						










						
						patients, the public and employers
						










						
						about the dental council
						










						
						resources and publications
						












welcome
the dental council is a regulatory authority created by the health practitioners competence assurance act 2003. we ensure oral health practitioners meet and maintain our standards in order to protect the health and safety of the new zealand public.






 our standards framework for oral health practitioners


 the oral health practitioners we regulate are dentists, dental specialists, dental therapists, dental hygienists, oral health therapists, clinical dental technicians, dental technicians, and orthodontic auxiliaries. 













information for the public









 search the dental council's register for all oral health practitioners registered in new zealand
            









 find disciplinary decisions about registered oral health practitioners made by the health practitioners disciplinary tribunal and the courts
            









 know your rights as a patient
            









 raise concern or make a complaint about an oral health practitioner
            






information for practitioners and employers











i practise in new zealand

 online services
 search the dental council's register
 new graduates from otago and aut universities















i want to practise in new zealand

 explore available pathways
 dentist registration examination
 fitness to register requirements















raise a concern or make a complaint about an oral health practitioner 

 information for a practitioner
 information for employers




















latest news, information and updates







view all updates 











                            december 12, 2024    christmas shutdown
                        

the council will close friday 20 december, returning monday 6 january 2025. 

we wish you all a safe and restful ho…







                            december 12, 2024    outcome of the 2025/26 budget and fees consultation
                        

thank you to those that took the time to provide feedback on the proposed budget and fees for 2025/26. 

after cons…







                            december 12, 2024    outcome of the infection prevention and control practic…
                        

thank you to those that provided feedback during the consultation on proposed updates to the infection prevention a…







                            december 12, 2024    university of otago undergraduate programmes accredited
                        

recently, the university of otago undergraduate programmes underwent five-yearly accreditation reviews.

the counci…







                            october 11, 2024    outcome of consultation on proposed end-date to some pr…
                        

in july 2024, the council consulted on administrative changes to end-date the prescribed qualifications for a numbe…







                            october 10, 2024    director-general of health extends temporary authorisat…
                        

health new zealand –te whatu ora have advised the temporary exemption for signatures on prescriptions without new z…







                            september 17, 2024    prescribing principles released
                        

the dental council is pleased to release a set of prescribing principles developed in collaboration with six other …







                            september 9, 2024    changes to meetings and webinars on competencies and st…
                        

last month the council emailed practitioners regarding competencies and standards being reviewed to better align wi…







                            september 5, 2024    consultation on proposed 2025/26 budget and fees
                        

the dental council is seeking feedback from practitioners and stakeholders on its proposed 2025/26 budget, proposed…







                            august 8, 2024    consultation | infection prevention and control practic…
                        

the council has recently reviewed the current infection prevention and control practice standard to ensure it remai…














sitemap
terms of use
privacy statement

© dental council





            top 








