







rehoboth art league – welcome



















































skip to content













menu


home
about

visit
mission & history
homestead & garden
collections
board of trustees
staff


exhibitions

current
upcoming
artist opportunities


education

class schedule
summer camps
open studios
outreach


events

rehoboth arts festival
cottage tour
outdoor show
holiday fair
open house
other events


support

membership
donate
planned giving
opportunities













































teach. inspire. preserve.



















what's happening at ral








 
recent acquisitionsworks of art acquired by purchase, donation, or promised gift to ral’s collections

january 10, 2025 – march 9, 2025
tubbs gallery
the rehoboth art league is one of only a few actively collecting art institutions in delaware.  the collection contains over 1000 items, which include works of art in various media; colonial furniture; artifacts and decorative art collected by the corkran’s when they resided in the homestead, as well as an array of ral’s organizational archives.


learn more


 


 
2026 solo and group exhibition proposalsapplication deadline july 21, 2025 (4pm)
the exhibitions committee is in the process of organizing solo and group exhibitions for 2026. this is a very competitive program as ral can only accept a limited number of proposals each year. artworks in any media will be reviewed.


learn more


 


 
every day manworks by dane tilghman
february 7, 2025 – march 9, 2025
corkran gallery
a fulltime artist for 41 years now, dane has taken his artwork towards new dimensions going from realism to a stylish combination developing his own interpretations of surrealism and primitive elongation. he has established himself as one of the premier painters of african american art. he has a creative approach to artistic images of the common man, woman, and child.


learn more


 


 
young at artsussex county schools
march 15, 2025 – march 30, 2025
corkran, tubbs, and ventures galleries
the young at art exhibition is an annual favorite at the rehoboth art league. in collaboration with local public and private school teachers, the exhibition features a selection of wonderful artworks created by the youth in our local communities. this is often the first opportunity for these young artists to have their work displayed in a gallery space.


learn more


 


 
beginner acrylic paintingfebruary 11 - march 11
chambers studio
this class will specifically focus on teaching the fundamentals of painting.  stroke, composition, layout, value, notan (harmony), and color analysis will be covered to gradually help the beginner to be more comfortable with acrylic painting.


learn more


 









































exhibitions


the rehoboth art league presents more than two dozen solo, group, and special art exhibitions each year in our six galleries located throughout our 3+ acre wooded campus. 


										view all									




















education


with more than 150 classes offered each year, our instructors’ offerings include mediums such as painting, drawing, pottery, fiber art, mosaic, creative writing, and much more. 


										view all									




















events


arts-driven events can be found at the rehoboth art league year-round, and highlight the best of our members’ artwork as well as notable art and design of the area. 


										view all									



























become a member & enjoy the benefits






if you believe in the rehoboth art league’s mission of encouraging artists and arts education as a way to teach, inspire, and preserve our community, please consider joining us as a new member or renewing your membership today.







join now










 










contact us
12 dodds lane
rehoboth beach
302-227-8408hours
mon-sat: 10am - 4pm
sun: 12pm - 4pm
follow us






newsletter sign-up


this organization is supported, in part, by a grant from the delaware division of the arts, a state agency, in partnership with the national endowment for the arts. the division promotes delaware arts events on www.delawarescene.com.
 





copyright © 2025 rehoboth art league designed by  2019-logotechno goober  



















