







 | tlc tugger































                        products
                    



all products




                                    your-skin cone
                                



                                    tension tuggers
                                



                                    dual tension tuggers
                                



                                    weight devices
                                



                                    air devices
                                



                                    penis enlargement devices
                                



                                    canister tape methods
                                



                                    tugging accessories
                                



                                    parts
                                

penis enlargement resources




                        sizing
                    

how to measure
forced erect coverage calculator




                        intactivism
                    

helpful links
books/dvds
merch
rons blog space
phimosis




                        support
                    

product demos
social media
tlc forum
warranty
4-hour rule
faq





login


create
                            an account


view cart
                        / 0 items













 




















foreskin restoration is about better sex. undo some of the damage of
            circumcision. 






the new tlc tugger


foreskin


restoring


you can do it


commitment







                    hello! zac & kenny here, the new owners of tlctugger.com and current owners of stealth retainers. we acquired tlc tugger from the inventor, ron low and his partner alice in march 2024. we have moved the entire tlc operation to austin, tx to the stealth retainers shop and we will be making and improving all of the tlc products from here on out. 
                
zac is a creator, product designer, manager, customer service lead, and engineer for both of our companies day to day. he has a deep understanding of the needs of men seeking out help with improving their sex lives and is working hard to become  the first mainstream restoration device maker. 
we have a great relationship with ron and we will continue to work with him and utilize his unique skills and perspective as we move forward with the transition of tlc. 
 to learn more about us and our growing team, head to our about us page.
                
                    we are excited to work with you all as to help you start your journey and rediscover the natural sensations you deserve.
                

(click other foreskin tab for more...)




                    circumcision removes
                    

                            valuable specialized erogenous tissue
                        
. foreskin feels really good. without the foreskin, the glans becomes dried, toughened, and
                    less sensitive. the normal slack skin gives a
                    man* and his partner an exquisite plush
                    
                        frictionless rolling/gliding
                     sensation. in short,
                    
                        circumcision wrecks sex
                    . luckily we can undo some of the damage with non-surgical foreskin restoration.
                

                    most of the world is intact (not circumcised). cut
                    males* can often roll enough of
                    the remaining skin forward (while nudging the glans back) to temporarily force the skin into
                    position so it covers the whole glans while flaccid. if so, our gentle tapeless tlc-x, tlc tugger,
                    or your-skin cone retainer will work. if you're starting with little slack, our tape-based canister
                    method or manual tugging will get you ready for tapeless tugging, probably in a few months.
                

(click restoring tab for more...)



restored foreskin feels really good.


                        non-surgical foreskin restoration gives back 24/7 protection for the mucosal glans.
                    

                        the slinky slack skin gives back the natural rolling and gliding mode of stimulation.
                    

                        restoring is simple and painless. now you can regain mind-blowing sexual pleasure.
                    

undoing the damage and dealing with your loss is heavy stuff. if
                    you're under 18, please ask a parent or guardian to join you
                    at the computer before proceeding any deeper into our web site.

(click you can do it tab for more...)




                    wearing the your-skin cone immediately lets your
                    skin start protecting your glans 24/7 while you wear it. you’ll love the healthy new shine when you
                    roll your skin back. but this method won’t expand your skin tube. for that you need to tug.
                

                    persistent gentle tension will grow new skin cells. strap down the leg discreetly under clothing or
                    over the shoulder with our day/night tlc tugger. improve
                    the skin tube’s glans coverage by 1mm – 3mm
                    per month.
                

                    our premium tlc-x also lets you comfortably tension the shaft
                    skin, plus you can wear it straplessly or with
                    handy weights. it gives unparalleled flexibility and
                    control over the final result.
                

(click commitment tab for more...)




                    tlc tugger gear has a full warranty and a 2-month,
                    no-questions-asked refund* policy. we're proud
                    to offer products and services to help men*
                    achieve maximum sensual pleasure. we’ve helped over 65,000 men. no pills, no pumps, no ridiculous
                    claims, just honest improvement.
                

                    we even have solutions for phimosis,
                    peyronies, post-metoidioplasty, and those pursuing
                    pe. if you've got the commitment to make a
                    change we'll work tirelessly with you until you succeed.
                

                    we also have no intention of failing today's and tomorrow's children. tlc clients will likely join
                    the chorus shouting down forced genital cutting of
                    male, female, and intersex children, and we'll stay in that fight with you until genital mutilation
                    is history. tikkun olam - repair creation.
                

















contact
                        us


faq











