





sepm - home





































please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility












login > join now > donate >




2025 sepm research conferences - save the dates for your favorite topicsedimentary geology & energy transition - june 2-6, 2025  salt lake city, utah, usadetailsmountjoy iv - august 10-13, 2025 - in montreal, canadadetails coming next - gulf coast section sepm - perkins-rosen conference2-4 december 2024 houston, tx at equinor usold rocks, new energies - the energy transition in the gulf coast and adjacent basins - detailspalaiosemphasizing the impact of life on earth’s historypalaios is a monthly journal, founded in 1986, dedicated to emphasizing the impact of life on earth's history as recorded in the paleontological and sedimentological records. it disseminates information to an international spectrum of geologists and biologists interested in a broad range of topics, including, but not limited to, biogeochemistry, ichnology, paleoclimatology, paleoecology, paleoceanography, sedimentology, stratigraphy, geomicrobiology, paleobiogeochemistry, and astrobiology. palaios publishes original papers that emphasize using paleontology to answer important geological and biological questions that further our understanding of earth’s history.read more  the sedimentary recordtake a look at our continuous publicationthe sedimentary record is a short-format, peer-reviewed, diamond open access journal for all sub-disciplines related to soft rock geosciences. it is published online, sponsored by the sepm society for sedimentary geology. articles are free to publish and free to read for everyone, and authors retain copyrights.read our latest articlesthe journal of sedimentary researchread, write and submitfirst published in 1931, the journal of sedimentary geology (jsr) is the oldest earth science journal dedicated to the field of sedimentology. the journal is broad and international in scope and welcomes contributions that further the fundamental understanding of sedimentary processes, the origin of sedimentary deposits, the workings of sedimentary systems and the records of earth history contained within sedimentary rocks. check out our latest pubs, the best ways to submit and recent issues.browse jsr  



 500 s. lynn riggs blvd. claremore, ok 74017 u.s.a. 918-808-6615sepm, the society for sedimentary geology, is a non-profit society that focuses specifically on enriching professionals and students within sedimentary geology.about us   sepm newsletterdesigned by seed technologiessociety for sedimentary geology, all rights reserved. | privacy policypowered by:seed
















test newsletter










