





  




cruzio internet: wireless, fiber, broadband, colo, offices



























































































































skip to main content





cruzio internet 

contact us
member tools
account center
webmail 
 

search site...





get connected!

 

menu
skip to content

main menuinternetcoworkingcoworkingimage
offices and 9-5 memberships 

office space coworking


move your business to the best-connected office space in santa cruz. fully furnished & fiber-connected.

from $849/mogo



9-5 memberships coworking


join the coworking revolution! workspace, meeting rooms and free 1gbps (1,000mbps) wifi, every day of the week.

from $199/mo go
 
workstations and meetings /events 

workstationscoworking


dedicated, permanent desk space with lockable storage, power, and 1gbps (1,000mbps) fiber internet.

from $399/mo go



day pass coworking


no commitment. work for the day, or several days, for one low price

from $25/day go

24/7 memberships

24/7 memberships coworking


come & go as you please with full 24/7 keycard access and all the benefits of full membership.

from $249/mo go



meetings & events


the perfect venue for classes, high-tech events, community gatherings, and showcases of local talent.

from $15/hour go
enterpriseenterpriseimage
colocation 
colocation data center

state-of-the-art secure facilities, right here in santa cruz. fully-redundant fiber connectivity and power.
from $449/mo
go

dedicated 

dedicatedbroadband

robust. dedicated. scalable. infrastructure-grade bandwidth that’s always there when you need it.
up to 1+gbps from $499/mogo


all services

 
 
 
 







 








 real local folks. awesome local internet. enter your address to get started.








headlines


santa cruz sentinel
mercury news
cruzio blog
ny times
bbc world
santa cruz local
california local
slashdot

links


santa cruz freshman wrestler vera bentley takes first at ccs southern regionals | local roundupsanta cruz high freshman wrestler vera bentley took first place in her weight division at the central coast se… stephen curry keeps busy as unofficial host of nba all-star weekendoakland – stephen curry’s numerous duties as the unofficial host of the nba’s all-star weekend have taken the… warriors’ buddy hield makes late charge, nearly wins nba 3-point contestsan francisco – buddy hield took ball off after ball from the last rack, and as each shot swished through the… nba commish: steph curry, sabrina ionescu encore ‘lost that special feeling’san francisco — nba commissioner adam silver understandably defended mounting criticism of the 3-point shot, a… warriors’ draymond green rips officiating and blasts “boring” modern nbaoakland – in the same building where his warriors won three nba championships in the 2010s, draymond green pin… live nba all-star saturday updates: slam dunk contest caps a busy day before the new-look main eventthe nba all-star game is back in the bay area for the first time since 2000. related articles golden state war… death comes around too often these days |  kathleen parkerat a certain age, when life still holds possibilities but less time to realize them, beautiful and terrible th… photo | golden gate villa withstands the test of time since 19th century santa cruza dramatic cloudscape fills the sky over golden gate villa, a queen anne home built atop beach hill in santa c… focal point | capitola begonia festival float parade heads down soquel creek, 1980this colorful image from the long running capitola begonia festival dates from 1980. the float parade down soq… pg&e reports profit of more than $2 billion for 2024oakland — pg&e reported on thursday that it had a profit of just under $2.48 billion in 2024, an increase from…  


the greater lake tahoe area and greater lake tahoe area under a lake wind advisory until sunday nightthe greater lake tahoe area and greater lake tahoe area are included in a lake w… today in history: february 16, castro sworn in as cuban leadertoday is sunday, feb. 16, the 47th day of 2025. there are 318 days left in the y… dear abby: i’m a stay-at-home mom who needs an escape plandear abby: i am in an unhappy relationship. we have two kids together, but i hav… ebal champs! de la salle routs dougherty valley to win league crownsan ramon — for the second straight game, de la salle’s defense shut down anothe… zelenskyy: us offered almost nothing for ukraine’s mineralsby emma burrows | associated press munich, germany — ukrainian president volodym… at least 18 dead in new delhi train station stampedeassociated press new delhi — at least 18 people, including 14 women, were killed… nba dunk contest: mac mcclung channels san jose legend to three-peat as championsan francisco – if mac mcclung’s dunk involving a hoverboard looked a tad bit fa… stephen curry keeps busy as unofficial host of nba all-star weekendoakland – stephen curry’s numerous duties as the unofficial host of the nba’s al… warriors’ buddy hield makes late charge, nearly wins nba 3-point contestsan francisco – buddy hield took ball off after ball from the last rack, and as… nba skills challenge: draymond green’s disastrous final round dooms warrior duosan francisco – as the seconds ticked off the clock and the bricks piled up, wha…  


first friday at cruzio featuring liminal space!liminal space art collective is a group of santa cruz artists building bridges a… faster internet coming to coastside san mateoearlier this year, the state of california awarded cruzio $5.65 million to impro… 🎨 first friday at cruzioworks!🎨first friday at cruzioworks! get ready to immerse yourself in a vibrant evening… black-footed catsthis cat looks a little like cruzio internet’s logo black-footed cats can be fou… hidden fortress opens cafe at cruzioworksamelia and her staff are super friendly and they serve great food hidden fortres… cruzio got a grant. what that means for youcruzio’s independent network will be enhanced in the purple area — “from summits… cruzio rides the giant dipper (and more)at the end of june cruzio took a well-deserved break and visited the santa cruz… federal internet subsidies are gone — but we’re still helpingstudents benefit from good internet at a center in pajaro valley cruzio’s goal i… sclu takes the win at the memorial day surf contestthe santa cruz longboard union (sclu) takes the victory at the 38th annual memor… equal access in watsonville, camay is affordable housing month! tabasa gardens tabasa gardens housing complex o…  


rubio visits israel as trump pushes plan to expel palestinians from gazascholars of international law say president trump’s proposal for american contro… ukraine rejects u.s. demand for half of its mineral resourcespresident volodymyr zelensky publicly faulted the american proposal because it d… a pro-ukraine activist is accused by slovakia’s leader of trying to topple hima woman who runs a pro-ukraine group has been accused by prime minister robert f… significant winter storm continues to sweep the east coastheavy snow, sleet, freezing rain, and damaging winds of up to 70 miles per hour… knife attack in austria kills one and injures fourthe suspect, a syrian national, was detained after stabbing several people in th… the republican party’s npc problem — and ourswhat happens when ambition no longer checks ambition?argentina’s milei orders investigation after promoting crypto that crateredjavier milei posted about the coin on social media, then deleted it and announce… putin has long wanted more power in europe. trump could grant it.remarks by vice president jd vance and defense secretary pete hegseth are fuelin… east timor’s challenges two decades after independenceeast timor has become a stable democracy after securing independence in 2002. bu… israel and hamas make 6th exchange, keeping cease-fire intact for nowdays after the fragile truce appeared to be teetering, hamas freed three israeli…  


cover up or pay a fine, portugal's albufeira warnswearing bikinis and going shirtless may soon be banned in the city, as it fights… 'army of europe' needed to challenge russia, says zelenskyit comes as donald trump’s envoy says europe will not be involved in peace talks… discordant ukraine statements from trump team leave allies anxiousa cacophony from senior members of the us administration has sown confusion and… eighteen killed in new delhi station crusheyewitnesses tell the bbc a “huge crowd” had gathered at the indian capital’s ce… why uganda's iconic crested crane faces extinctionthe population of the national bird is declining partly due to encroachment on w… raisins or not? pudding debate splits island nationthe debate over a beloved dish has reignited as antiguans and barbudans seek to… base full of mouldy food and secret documents: iran’s rapid retreat from syriathe bbc examines the chaos left behind after iran had to abandon its military ba… critics say new google rules put profits over privacygoogle is allowing advertisers to collect more personal information, which is ha… 'montoya, por favor!': inside the spanish reality show that broke the internetas clips from spain’s temptation island go viral, the bbc speaks to the show’s e… teen dead and five injured in austria knife attackthe suspect, who is a syrian asylum seeker, was detained at the scene and is bei…  


senior speed dating draws hearts in live oakparticipants saddle up to the third annual senior speed dating event at grey bea… watsonville council members discuss rail trail optionswatsonville city councilmember eduardo montesino said he wants better transporta… capitola council delays decision on park avenue rail trail optionsthe capitola city council on thursday night delayed a decision on rail trail opt… high wind, rain, surf, slides due for santa cruz countyrain and high wind return to santa cruz county this week. (stephen baxter — sant… rail trail, traffic calming projects on tap for watsonville city councilthe watsonville city council on feb. 11 will hear an update on the city’s neighb… santa cruz wildfire plan aims to coordinate evacuations, water delivery, resourcesthe santa cruz city council could advance a comprehensive wildfire plan at its m… ‘a game changer’: more santa cruz county residents call 24-hour mobile crisis teama mobile crisis response team offers 24-hour, non-police response to mental heal… ‘forever chemicals’ prompt water upgrades at santa cruz county lockupelevated chemical levels in the water at the rountree jail facility near watsonv… bird flu risks described by santa cruz county health officialssanta cruz county health officers said bird flu has not shown up in the county,… president’s order casts uncertainty on santa cruz county rail trail moneythe rail corridor runs by twin lakes state beach near el dorado avenue. (nik alt…  


black history and equity in californianot long ago, california’s legislative black caucus made history. here’s what th… greetings from san benito countyin hollister, a nonprofit newsroom keeps local residents apprised of momentous c… sen. adam schiff takes the high road but keeps pressure on trumpthe la-area democrat takes office under fire, but says he will strive for bipart… new faces in officethroughout california, people are being sworn into office—some for the first tim… creating a community information hubwith information scattered in silos across the internet, and the discovery envir… happy holidays. big news. and our first 'ask.'we are partnering with bay city news to do some big things. and we’re feeling gr… proposition 36, ab 2943 & 1179: california cracks down on crimecalifornians are fed up with flash-mob shoplifting, smash-and-grab theft, and an… the ups and downs of california damswe check in on efforts to raise some dams in the state to store more water, and… the trending stories of 2024over the past year, we’ve witnessed big changes throughout the state, and today… rural california local news mattersin the shadow of silicon valley, and on california’s north coast, local news out…  


are fast programming languages gaining in popularity?in january the tiobe index (estimating programming language popularity) declared… ai bugs could delay upgrades for both siri and alexabloomberg reports that apple’s long-promised overhaul for siri “is facing engine… ask slashdot: what would it take for you to trust an ai?long-time slashdot reader shanen has been testing ai clients. (they report that… despite plans for ai-powered search, reddit's stock fell 14% this week“reddit answers” uses generative ai to answer questions using what past redditto… china's 'salt typhoon' hackers continue to breach telecoms despite us sanctions“security researchers say the chinese government-linked hacking group, salt typh… the world's most printed 3d model, 3dbenchy, is now public domainhackaday reports: good news for everyone who cannot get enough from improbably s… america's office-occupancy rates drop by double digits – and more in san franciscosfgate shares the latest data on america’s office-occupancy rates: according to… apple invites its users into major years-long health studycan the iphone, airpods, or the apple watch play a role in improving health? app… bored with chess? magnus carlsen wants to remake the game“magnus carlsen, the world’s top chess player, is bored of chess,” the washingto… 'mass theft': thousands of artists call for ai art auction to be cancelledan anonymous reader shared this report from the guardian: thousands of artists a…  


black history and equity in californianot long ago, california’s legislative black caucus made history. here’s what th… greetings from san benito countyin hollister, a nonprofit newsroom keeps local residents apprised of momentous c… sen. adam schiff takes the high road but keeps pressure on trumpthe la-area democrat takes office under fire, but says he will strive for bipart… new faces in officethroughout california, people are being sworn into office—some for the first tim… creating a community information hubwith information scattered in silos across the internet, and the discovery envir… happy holidays. big news. and our first 'ask.'we are partnering with bay city news to do some big things. and we’re feeling gr… proposition 36, ab 2943 & 1179: california cracks down on crimecalifornians are fed up with flash-mob shoplifting, smash-and-grab theft, and an… the ups and downs of california damswe check in on efforts to raise some dams in the state to store more water, and… the trending stories of 2024over the past year, we’ve witnessed big changes throughout the state, and today… rural california local news mattersin the shadow of silicon valley, and on california’s north coast, local news out…  


local

bratton online
city on a hill press
firedispatch.com
firescan.net
good times
hilltromper
monterey herald
press banner
register-pajaronian
salinas californian 
santa cruz comic news
santa cruz indy media
santa cruz patch
santa cruz police department blog
santa cruz sentinel
santa cruz waves
santa cruz weekly



world

abc news
alternet
arts & letters daily
bbc news
broadband reports
common dreams
cnet
cnn
democracy now
digg
espn
fox news
la times 
london times
mercury news
nbc news
needful news
new york times
npr
scitech daily 
sf chronicle 
slashdot
the independent
the onion
the register 
urban legends
usa today 
washington post 
wired
yahoo news






more news...
less news...
back to top of news sources


 




weather

santa cruz weather
half moon bay weather




traffic
click or tap map for live traffic info
more…





surf

more detailed surf conditions & webcams for steamer lane-the point at surf-forecast.com. 

more detailed surf conditions & webcams for cowells cove at surf-forecast.com. 

more detailed surf conditions & webcams for 41st ave (the hook - shark cove) at surf-forecast.com. 
more...




about cruzio
cruzio, established in 1989, connects businesses and residences around santa cruz county and parts of the bay area with multi-gigabit fiber internet, business-grade wireless internet, and other internet and web services. our beautiful headquarters in downtown santa cruz serve as an ixp and data center, with colocation, flexible office space and coworking for startups and small businesses.
more…








 
 

 




servicesinternet

broadband labels
equal access internet


enterprise

colocation
dedicated internet access


coworking

office space
workstations
24/7 memberships
9-5 memberships
day pass
meetings & events


 
 


terms of usemaster services agreement
acceptable use policy
privacy policy
internet principles
access agreement
transparency document
member toolscruzio mail
account center
support center
fusion phone tools
speed test
domain tools
network status
cruzioworks
book a meeting room
 
 


about cruzionewsletter signup
newsletter archive
blog
testimonials
join the cruzio team
santa cruz guidecruzio merch
weather
surf
traffic
wifi hotspots
computer/web consultants
 
 



contact us

877 cedar st #150santa cruz, ca 95060
 (831) 459-6301
 email us 












 
 
cruzio serves aptos, aromas, ben lomond, bonny doon, boulder creek, brookdale, capitola, corralitos, davenport, felton, freedom, la selva beach, lompico, pajaro, rio del mar, santa cruz, scotts valley, seacliff, soquel, watsonville, & zayante.
 
 
 


cruzio internet 831-459-6301




cruzio internet














homeinternetcoworking

office spaceworkstationsday pass24/7 membershipsmeetings & events9-5 memberships back
enterprise

colocationdedicated internet access back
member tools

cruzio mailaccount centersupport centerspeed testdomain toolsnetwork statuscruzioworksbook a meeting room back
all servicescontact

				× close panel			






























