 




teaching & ministering to children | christian preschool education blog





































skip to content






 


 


  teaching & ministering to children


 






home
about
get in touch
 

  







teaching & ministering to children


christian preschool education blog


learn more
contact

















moving? here’s how to research preschools before you move 

07/07/2020finding preschools 

you want the absolute best for your child – especially when it comes to their education. starting your child with a stellar preschool education sets the tone for the next several years of their lives. their playmates, field trips, educator quality, and your fellow pta members are determined by which school you select for your child. you should expect nothing less than an a-plus preschool for your future a-plus student. with some help from cheap dallas movers (cheapdallasmovers.net), here’s how to search for one when you relocate to a brand-new area!
step one: establish your priorities.
first, it’s essential to figure out what matters to you and your lifestyle when selecting a preschool. do you want the preschool to be close to your home or workplace for pickup and emergencies? do you want the preschool to follow a specific educational or religious philosophy? what involvement opportunities are there for you as a parent? you may want to write down your answers to some of these questions as search terms or things to ask at a preschool visit. 
step two: research.
second, there are ample resources for you to access online in your search for the perfect preschool – you only have to look for them. searching all schools in a given radius of your new home is a great start. make a list of each preschool, visit each website, and explore what each preschool offers in terms of the priorities you established in the previous step. once you’ve narrowed it down, you can call or email each school for more details and more specific questions. they will be thrilled that you’re considering joining their community!
step three: visit.
when you have the opportunity to visit the school in person, take note of things like seating accommodations, behavior charts in classrooms, cleanliness, and how responsive educators are to your questions and concerns. above all, it is essential that your child feels comfortable and capable of learning and growing in their unique environment; bring them with you on a visit and encourage them to ask their questions about the education and facilities. they might ask a question you hadn’t thought of in the first place! 
step four: stay connected.
great preschools aren’t born, they are made. even after enrollment, you need to keep checking in with your child and their educators to ensure that your little one reaches their full potential. moving can be a difficult transition for many children, so it is especially important to keep communicating with your child and their education team to alleviate the stress of adjusting to a brand new environment and community.

as for you, parents – attend pta meetings, make connections with other parents and educators, and chaperone field trips if you can. you’re adjusting to a brand new environment, too. moving is no easy feat, and every unique situation takes some getting used to, but with communication and a little time, you and your child will be part of your new community before you know it.


read more








six top christian preschools in texas 

04/23/2020christian preschools 

it might be challenging to decide what to look for when selecting a christian preschool because there are many essential qualities to consider. based on curriculum and what lessons the school offers, as well as various online ratings, we’ve listed six of the top christian preschool options in texas for consideration. these are in no particular order, and all have stellar reputations.
1. colleyville christian school (grapevine, tx)
colleyville christian school is a charming preschool run by a director with over twenty years of experience and a master of science degree in reading. their curriculum includes reading and mathematics, bible study and chapel, arts & crafts, motor skill development, spanish in motion, discovery science, and more. they hope to instill a wide variety of knowledge on their students as well as encourage both independent and community play.
2. hyde park baptist (austin, tx)
hyde park baptist cdc is an early childhood education community devoted to meeting the emotional needs of your child while ushering in a curriculum that motivates their natural curiosity. the caring staff at hyde park baptist emphasize global citizenship and spiritual values. they have several specific details about the programs they offer on their site.
3. tot’s haven christian academy (fort worth, tx)
tot’s haven christian academy touts quality, affordable daycare complete with experienced staff, fun field trips, and excellent meals and snacks. the teachers here work to nurture curious, growing minds via healthy activities and cooperative learning. their website has plenty of informative reviews if you’d like to learn more.
4. casner christian academy (austin, tx)
another austin area gem is the casner christian academy, which has been serving its community since 1965. the nurturing staff here strives to start children off with a proper education centering on enjoying academics, independence, and a love of the lord. teachers here use a gospel-centric approach with a focus on family and patriotism alike.
5. sunny days christian preschool (frisco, tx)
sunny days christian preschool has a bright and fun atmosphere with experienced teachers, nutritious snacks, and affordable rates. the qualified instructors use the abeka curriculum and are fully-certified in all things first aid and cpr. they are currently accepting new students, so if you are interested in applying or acquiring more information, you can look on their website. 
6. the pillars christian learning center (san antonio, tx)
if you are looking for a warm, faith-based, and family-centric daycare, take a look at the pillars christian learning center. with several modern, spacious facilities, the pillars offers a happy and inclusive environment. the curriculum they use is the experience early learning system, a hands-on, experiential set of lessons that they thoroughly explain on their website. there are two centers in the san antonio area, as well as locations in cibolo and spring branch.


read more











stem activities that offer pre-k students a fun way to learn 

03/14/2020stem activities 

early childhood is the perfect time to introduce kids to science, technology, engineering, and math (stem). at this age, students are naturally curious and eager to explore how the world works. stem provides the kind of experience that helps young […]


read more











six essential religious resources for early education providers 

03/09/2020religious resources 

we all know solomon’s axiom: “start children off on the way they should go, and even when they are old they will not turn from it” (proverbs 22:6, niv). this is the guiding scripture for christian preschools who are committed […]


read more











faith-based games to incorporate in the preschool classroom 

01/03/2020faith-based games 

preschool teachers play a crucial role in the development of children, especially when they double as spiritual mentors in a church setting. if you’re an early childhood educator looking to do right by your kids, here are just a few games that […]


read more








follow us now

facebook
twitter
instagram
pinterest
linkedin
youtube




search for:



  recent posts 

moving? here’s how to research preschools before you move


six top christian preschools in texas


stem activities that offer pre-k students a fun way to learn


six essential religious resources for early education providers


faith-based games to incorporate in the preschool classroom


sponsored content

 

 


                    copyright © 2025 teaching & ministering to children. privacy policy.
                

 







