






recent projects & clients | as if productions



























skip to main content
skip to search








as if productions

 
 


 



recent projects & clients  






spirit & serve

the website of healing practitioner mary lou anderson features personal sessions, gatherings, classes, workshops, and reiki certification training. the website is vast, touching upon all aspects of spiritual healing, mystical symbolism, and self-help.
https://spiritandserve.com/ 
read more about spirit & serve






water detectives

the guests at this party are monsters, and one of them has been wasting water! this is an educational website sponsored by the west basin community water district in california, with an important lesson for kids in the american southwest.
as if was brought in by our friends at zumwinkle.com to recode the water detectives game using pure javascript, replicating an original flash-based game.
https://www.westbasin.org/community/k-12-education/water-detectivedepartment: interactive 
read more about water detectives






legends of tabletop

legends of tabletop is the official website of the titular podcast produced by john haremza, focusing on tabletop roleplaying games and the occasional boardgame. both the site and the podcast feature creator interviews and live-streamed actual plays, including my own "daytrippers" campaign (now in its 4th season). 
https://legendsoftabletop.com/ 
read more about legends of tabletop






southbay drone services

the online business presence site and customer contact form for southbay drone services, offering both residential and commerical drone camera work throughout southern califiornia. the site features inline video and responsive sizing for mobile phones. design by crispelements.
http://southbaydroneservices.com/ 
read more about southbay drone services






lisapotier.com

web home of los angeles-based residential realtor lisa potier, this site uses a combination of drupal modules and jquery scripts to provide a streamlined experience for renters and house-hunters.
https://lisapotier.com/ 
read more about lisapotier.com






love research army

founded by dr. susan love, the love research army is a revolutionary initiative changing the face of breast cancer research. aip was brought on by our friends at zumwinkle.com to provide coding, support and migration for this drupal site, which features tons of custom modules and advanced reporting features.
https://www.loveresearcharmy.org/ 
read more about love research army






closing time photos

the website of la-based real estate photographers closing time photos features a slick and mobile-friendly bootstrap-based design which relies on a drupal infrastructure. the site features videos, sample portfolios, and a regularly-updated blog.
http://closingtimephotos.com/ 
read more about closing time photos






monarcx

monarcx is a full service multimedia development company designed to maximize the customer experience (cx), from satellite media tours to complete remote productions.  the website is a modern "bootstrap" system, using the power of drupal to provide a fast, eye-catching, and mobile-friendly design.
http://monarcx.com/department: network 
read more about monarcx





pages1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
…
next ›
last »

 


  



interactive worlds & immersive obsessions

as if productions (aip) is the web studio of tod foley, specializing in the development of custom interactive systems.
founded in 1991, aip has designed and produced immersive websites, virtual worlds, roleplaying games, cd-rom games, larps and live interactive events for clients including comedy central, 20th century fox films, sony/epic records, times-mirror magazines, walt disney records, revelations entertainment, iron crown enterprises, and the well. no matter what type of interactive system you have in mind, we're here to bring it to life.




online services

websites & online environments
dynamic database-driven websites using php, javascript, jquery, mysql, actionscript, perl, xml/rss, ajax/dhtml and hybrid-language approaches. custom content management systems, blogs, magazines, catalogs, directories, intranets, widgets, advertising systems, interactive games and object-oriented environments.

wordpress-drupal migration
experts in performing site conversions between wordpress blogging software and the drupal content management framework, in either direction.
games, events & contests
consulting, design, programming and production services for interactive games, events, gameshows, performances and contests featuring live online players/participants.
axis cms
a lightweight customizable and affordable cms for small businesses, allowing budget-conscious business owners to gain dynamic control of their websites without spending an arm and a leg.
editing services
 proofreading to full content editing for fiction, nonfiction, games, articles and technical writing at todfoley.com.





now available in paperback or ebook!

visit the fractopia wiki




roleplaying games & storygames by tod foley

all rpgs and storygames by tod foley are now available at drivethrurpg.  bring these games to your table!

go to drivethrurpg



 



project types



  
 blogs 

 communities 

 custom software 

 documentation 

 environments 

 game design 

 games 

 graphic art 

 interactive fiction 

 marketing 

 music 

 online events 

 promotional 

 roleplaying 

 sound treatment 

 sysadmin 

 virtual worlds 

 websites 
 
 


technologies



  
 ajax 

 axiscms 

 css 

 drupal 

 flash 

 html 

 javascript 

 jcarousel 

 jquery 

 mysql 

 oscommerce 

 php 

 realaudio 

 shadowbox 

 thepalace 

 visual basic 

 wordpress 
 
 




 




 


patreon support


support the game designs and theoretical work of as if productions.  written especially for roleplayers, gms, game designers, artists and neophiles who are interested in experimental applications of narrative engineering.
click here to join:




special thanks to patreon supporter




 cassie rae 
 dancer, artist, video editor and penguin fan.  


your patronage allows me to create more games, more systems, more adventures, more theory.  join my patreon.

 


one-time donation

want to help but not feeling the patreon thing?  drop some change in the tip jar!
https://paypal.me/asifproductions



writing & editing


looking for freelance writing, editing and publishing services? you'll find them at todfoley.com.





"this is the game that moves as you play."- john doe



 
 

 
 





