



san diego appliance repair with free appliance service call with the repair

















san diego appliance repair  


800 434-7282 









washer
              repair


 dryer
              repair


refrigerator
              repair


dishwasher
              repair


stove
              repair


oven
              repair


microwave
              repair


disposal
              repair


prices
          / warranties


 








 

san diego appliance repair is a locally established and operated appliance repair
      company specializing in san diego washer repair,
      san diego dryer repair,
      san diego refrigerator repair ,
      san diego dishwasher repair,
      san diego stove repair,
      san diego oven repair,
      san diego microwave repair and
      san diego disposal repair.
      we have much more to offer than other local contractors. 

we provide  same day service 24/7
service call is free with the repair
$15 off coupon online 
california certified technicians for all appliance brands
low price guarantee
we serve all san diego county.
satisfaction guaranteed or your money
        back!

check out our easy to repair
          appliance tips or
          let us take care of your appliance needs.


at san diego appliance repair we want to help you manage your busy life
    by allowing you to schedule your appliance repair appointment as conveniently
    as possible. you can call us at:                    858 405 1490          
 
 
you may now schedule your appointment online. please email 
                    us at services@appliancerepairsandiego.us 
                    . we will confirming your appointment in the next 60 minutes:


 
san diego appliance repair easy to repair tips


san diego washer repair tips
san diego dryer repair tips
san diego refrigerator repair tips
san diego dishwasher repair tips
san diego stove repair tips
san diego oven  repair tips
san diego microwave repair tips
san diego disposal  repair tips

 
washer repair tips
if the washer is dead...

make sure the lid is closed. 
make sure the timer and all of the controls are set properly. 
make sure water faucets are turned on.
similar site 


  or for assistance call or schedule an appointment with
  san diego appliance repair
   
  
dryer repair tips
if clothes are not getting dry...

make sure the dryer is not pushed back against the rear exhaust duct
      and restricting airflow. 
make sure the clothes are coming out of the washer-spun damp dry. 
check out here for more info 



  or for assistance call or schedule an appointment with
              san diego appliance repair 

san diego refrigerator repair tips
if your refrigerator is dead or is not cold enough...

turn the thermostat up to the next highest setting. if it comes on, let
      it run for 24 hours and check temperature to confirm it is working properly. 
if the condenser coils are underneath the refrigerator, clean the coils
      with a vacuum cleaner at least twice a year. 
more tips 


or for assistance call or schedule an appointment with
              san diego appliance repair  
san diego dishwasher  repair tips
if dishes are not getting clean...

make sure the water is at least 140 degrees. if it is not hot enough,
      turn the hot water heater thermostat up. 
make sure the bottom inside the dishwasher is clean. 
make sure you are following the proper loading procedures
read more 

if the unit is leaking...

make sure you are following the proper loading procedures, including proper type and amounts of detergents. run the unit through cycle while empty - if it doesn't leak, it's probably a loading problem.



  or for assistance call or schedule an appointment with
  san diego appliance repair  
san diego stove repair tips
if electric - burners are not lightning...

make sure they are sitting in their proper positions. 


    if gas -top burners are not lighting...

make sure pilot light is on
more tips 


  or for assistance call or schedule an appointment with
  san diego appliance repair
  or read more
  
san diego oven repair tips
if electric - oven is not heating...

make sure the appliance clock is set on manual cycle. 

if gas - oven is not heating...

make sure the appliance clock is set on manual. 
similar sites 


or for assistance call or schedule an appointment with
              san diego appliance repair with
              san diego appliance repair  
 microwave tips

always use microwave safe dishes. 
do not use aluminum foil or anything with metal on it. (unless your microwave
        specifically allows it) 
wipe the seal off with a wet rag and dry it thoroughly as often as needed. 
do not twist, bend, or slam the door.
more information 


or for assistance call or schedule an appointment with
              san diego appliance repair 

  disposal tips
if the unit jams/hums...

turn the appliance off and remove anything that has fallen into the grinding
      chamber. 
turn the appliance off and insert an unjamming tool into the bottom and turn
      clockwise. once the tool turns freely, remove whatever caused the jam. 
more disposal help 

if the unit is dead, 

press the red reset button located on the bottom of the disposal - if the appliance begins to hum and the reset trips again, it is still jammed and requare san diego appliance repair help.


    or for assistance call or schedule an appointment with
    san diego appliance repair  



 

(c) copyright 2012

 
 







fast  tips 







