







brecknell scales | weighing equipment value priced






















we sell, repair, calibrate & rent scales
call us today! (919) 776-7737

 

services

scale repair
service agreement
emergency service
calibration
scale rental
load testing


industries

agriculture & farming
food & beverage
pharmaceutical
public sector & military
waste & recycling
other industries


brands

b-tek
doran scales
intercomp
health o meter scale
mettler toledo
ohaus
pennsylvania scale
sensortronics
view all


scale types

commercial scales
industrial scales
portable scales


about us

contact us
location
about us
why choose ccs?
testimonials


blog
request a quote










home>brecknell scales brecknell scales brecknell scales at one time was referred to as salter brecknell weighing products and often you'll still hear us refer to it that way. brecknell, part of avery weigh-tronix, a proud member of the illinois tool works (itw) company, celebrated 250 years of customer commitment and history in 2011. founded in 1761, brecknell has grown to become a global leader in weighing solutions. brecknell products are designed and constructed with focus on high-value solutions and accuracy for easy operation for all your weighing applications. today brecknell products can be found in most weighing applications. the brecknell global footprint and reach allows brecknell to offer the highest quality of service and support to our global customers. while we recommend avery weigh-tronix equipment, often if your budget is tight we can supply you with brecknell scales that will work very well and save you money. give us a call (919) 776-7737 and we can recommend the right product for your weighing requirements from the b140 counting scale to the dcsb floor scale.



brecknell dcsb floor scale systembrecknell dcsb system includes an ip65 rated mild steel general purpose weighing platform with alloy tool steel potted load cells. factory calibrated with sbi-521 led indicator or sbi-240 indicator and interface cable. choices of sizes and capacities. ntep legal for trade. 





brecknell dcsb pegasus floor scalebrecknell dcsb pegasus ip65 rated mild general purpose industrial floor scale with alloy tool steel potted load cells. legal for trade, ntep certified at 5000 divisions. choices of sizes and capacities. carbon steel fabrication with 1/4"thick safety tread top plate & heavy duty
welded channel under structure. 





brecknell dsb floor scale systemsthe brecknell dsb platform scale system meets the demand for a quality brand name floor scale at a market price that is competitive with all legitimate platform scale providers. calibrated to sbi-505 readout and choice of 4x4 or 5x5 sizes. 5000 or 10,000 pound capacity. ntep legal for trade. 





brecknell ds1000 portable drum weigherbrecknell ds1000 portable drum weigher scale featuring a powder coated rugged steel platform with a smooth top surface and built in ramps. includes an sbi 100 indicator with 6 digit, red led, easy to ready display. capacity 1000 lbs 





brecknell build your own floor scale kitthis build your own floor scale kit includes a brecknell sbi-505 indicator, leveling feet, load cells, interface cable, junction box and summing board.  these kits also make great spare parts to have on the shelf just in case your current platform scale needs a quick fix.  





brecknell 6700u series (usb) point of sale scalesthe brecknell 6700u series is a point-of-sale interface scale for linking to electronic cash registers or pos systems. "touchless" tare enhances food handling safety. opos compatible. 





brecknell b140 counting scalethe b140 from brecknell scales features advanced higher accuracy counting scale with increments for good resolution on counted parts. the 60 lb capacity functions either as a parts counting or coin count scale. operates on either us/uk/eu power supplies (all included) or built-in rechargeable battery. 





brecknell cs series crane scalebrecknell crane scales are versatile, economic solutions for overhead material handling and weighing applications. features include a rechargeable battery, lifting-duty hardware, bright led display and sturdy construction. choice of capacity: 1000 lbs or 2000 lbs. 





brecknell mbs affordable precision lab balancesbrecknell combines years of precision weighing expertise with an economical alternative for what professionals demand from a balance. brecknell mbs series is the sensible response to almost any application, in any market sectors requiring an accurate precision weighing solution.  





brecknell c3235 portable checkweigherbrecknell c3235 is a watertight checkweighing scale for the rapid indication of over, under or acceptable weight in a washdown environment. this check weigher is available in three models from 6 lb (3 kg), 12 lb (6 kg) and 30 lb (15 kg) capacity with readabilities down to 0.001 lb (0.0005 kg).  





brecknell hs-250 digital medical scalethis brecknell hs-250 electronic device is a weight and height measurement scale. the scale provides accurate weight with easy-to-read lcd display with white led backlight with rs-232. operates on ac adapter or internal rechargeable battery (both included). 550 lb x 0.2 lb 





brecknell hs-200m doctors office scalethe hs-200m is a mechanical device for use where either weight or height measurements are necessary. constructed of steel with a durable white finish, this scale will provide years of service in normal applications. 440 lbs x 4 oz 





brecknell ms140-300 digital handrail scalesimplicity of design and rugged construction are the key features of the salter brecknell ms140-300 portable medical scale. the ms140-300 digital scale was designed to be the perfect choice for clinics, health clubs, or even home use. capacity: 660 x 0.2 lbs 





brecknell hs-300 digital handrail scalethe brecknell hs-300 handrail scale is used where either weight or height measurements are necessary. this scale provides accurate weight or height measurements on an easy to read lcd backlit display.  660 lbs x 0.2 lb 





brecknell ms1000 bariatric handrail scalebrecknell ms1000 electronic chair scale was designed for either walking on to platform or being wheeled on to be weighed. the scale provides accurate weight with an easy-to-read led display. capacity: 1,000 lbs x 0.5 lb 





brecknell ps2000 livestock floor scalethe brecknell ps-2000 scale weighs in at around 200 lbs and includes 2 easy access carry handles which make this portable cattle scale relatively convenient to relocate. no need for ramps or recessed floors, as this unit comes with ramped ends. 59" l x 30" w x 2.5" h. capacity is 2000 lbs 





brecknell ps3000-lcd livestock floor scale for horsesbrecknell ps3000hd is accurate and reliable: ideal for accurately weighing horses and other larger animals, helps to remove the guesswork where treatments or administration of feed needs to be closely monitored. platform: 39.37" w x 78.75" l x 3.93" h and capacity: 3000 lbs 





brecknell sbi-521 digital weight indicatorthe brecknell sbi-521 is loaded with many standard features. this indicator series is housed in a steel enclosure rated at ip65 and may be used in wide variety of applications from bench, floor scale, batching system, check weighing and more! good choice to replace the old salter 200sl 





brecknell rd-65 remote displaythe salter brecknell rd-65 remote display has powder coated mild steel enclosure (ip65) with wall mount swivel bracket or easy to install hanging rings. adjustable sun visor included. double row ultra bright large 5", 6 digit led display visible up to 150 feet. 





brecknell ps-usb postal scalethe ps-usb from brecknell scales is ideal for shipping and warehouse applications. it features a rs-232/usb interface allowing instant connectivity between scale and other serial device using a demand type protocol. standard nci default with field configurable settings of nci, 8213, 3835 and autosend. removable stainless steel platter and operates on either battery or ac adapter. 30, 70 or 150 lb cap.  





brecknell bcs crane scalebrecknell bcs crane scale is built of strong aluminum with hook and shackle and comes in three capacities: 2000lb, 6000lb and 10,000lb. the scale comes with a highly visible led display which allows for adjustments to be made for any lighting environment. with dual power, the scale can be used with on-board battery or connected to a charger. remote control ensures safety during usage and convenience 





brecknell cp103 thermal printerbrecknell cp103 thermal printer represents the latest in compact printing technology. despite compact, hand held size, this printer is packed with features. time and date is standard with customize logo affixation, invert printing and rs-232. good choice to replace the popular nci 1200 series. 





brecknell b240 counting scalethe brecknell b240 counting scale provides an easy-to-use sampling process to deliver accurate samples, saving you time and money. the built-in database allows fast recall of already stored piece weights and other part number data at your fingertips. choice of capacities. 7" color graphic touch screen display 





brecknell c3236 portable checkweigh scalethe brecknell c3236 check weigher is constructed with a food grade 304 stainless steel housing and top pan with an ip68 / nema4x water ingress protection, making this the perfection solution for washdown environments. choice of capacities. 





brecknell 3900lp ntep bench scalesbrecknell 3900lp base bench series is calibrated with the sbi 110 lcd indicator and is ntep approved at 5000 divisions. this rugged and reliable system is available in three capacities (100 lb, 250 lb, 600 lb) and three platform sizes. simply connect the indicator to the base and it is ready to weigh or count your product.  



accurate weighing solutions for office and medical scales... and much more!
when you think of brecknell, a world leading manufacturer, a lot of folks just think about their industrial floor scales, like the dcsb and maybe the old 200e weight indicator. however, there's more than industrial weighing equipment. they have a wider weighing range of weighing equipment than most of you realize. their modern scale offering consists of everything from weighing balances ideal for science classrooms, point of sale scales which interface to most electronic cash registers, deli scales with check weighing mode and portion control mode, small parcel mail scales with usb port to help you pay for correct postage, a full variety of medical scales, and a complete selection of counter top scales featuring digital operation and various cable connections. we also offer a selection of replacement brecknell scale parts as well. 

call/text: (919) 776-7737email:info@ccscale.com 
our services
sales
service / repair
calibration
rentals


our products
baggage scales
balances
bench scales
checkweighers
counting scales
crane scales
digital weight indicators
fishing tournament scales
floor scales
force measurement
fork lift scales
hanging scales
intrinsically safe weighing
laundry scales
livestock scales
load cells
medical scales
pallet jack scales
point of sale
price computing scales
printers & accessories
remote displays
scale hardware
scale software
shipping scales
test weights
truck scales
vehicle scales
veterinary scales
wrestling scales


our industries
asphalt & concrete
hemp, tobacco, cannabis
mining & aggregates
process control
transport & logistics
more...


our manufacturers
avery weigh-tronix
cardinal scale mfg.
rice lake weighing
more....



policies
frequently asked questions
company policies
privacy policy
product overview


popular items
used scales
specials
misc items
made in usa scales


helpful information
location
weight conversion calculator
employment
nsf certified scales


features
custom equipment
best sellers
ntep legal trade scales
battery powered scales







 copyright 2025 all rights reserved. central carolina scale, 
  inc. 5393 farrell road sanford, nc 27330  















