
















department of geography and planning | appalachian state university
























skip to main content












search terms



search












department of geography and planning



toggle navigation















about
undergraduate students
graduate students
scholarships
alumni
faculty & staff
research
facilities & equipment
contact us
giving




















 

 

 

 




















are you passionate about making a positive impact on the world? a major in geography or planning empowers you to address critical global challenges.
the department of geography and planning offers geography and community and regional planning undergraduate and graduate degrees. specializing in climate science, health geography, community and regional planning, sustainable and environmental planning, spatial patterns in human geography and social justice, and geographic information science (gis), the department provides students with solutions-based critical thinking skills. our commitment to excellence is reflected in our students' and alumni's impressive track record, with over 90% securing employment in their respective fields and gaining admission to highly competitive graduate programs within six months of graduation.

 





















      why major in geography and planning?    


to declare a major or minor, visit cas.appstate.edu/academics/changing-or-adding-majorminor.




      in the news    

dr. maggie sugg awarded over $1.5 million to study climate disasters and youth mental health (appalachian today)
a review of dr. kara dempsey's book, an introduction to the geopolitics of conflict, nationalism, and reconciliation in ireland (rise journal)
dr. saskia van de gevel receives service award from regional geography division (college of arts & sciences)
dr. elizabeth shay receives college of arts & sciences teacher of the year award (college of arts & sciences)
dr. jeff colby, dr. derek martin, and dr. maggie sugg receive cratis d. williams faculty awards (college of arts & sciences)
dr. maggie sugg discusses adaptibility to extreme heat (the atlantic)
dr. maggie sugg interviewed about local perceptions of heat (fivethirtyeight)
dr. baker perry leads climate science expedition (appalachian today)
dr. baker perry leads expedition to install new weather station on mount everest (national geographic)
dr. maggie sugg leads workshop exploring climate change impacts on rural mountain communities (app voices)
dr. maggie sugg and dr. jennifer runkle explore extreme weather's impact on mental health (appalachian today)
dr. maggie sugg and lauren andersen discuss weather in the high country (watauga democrat)
dr. maggie sugg interviewed about covid-19 seasonality (the scientist)
dr. jeff colby co-leads research project studying climate change vulnerability (college of arts & sciences)
dr. maggie sugg receives national science foundation award for mental health research (appalachian today)
dr. baker perry inspires - and requires - students to reach new heights (appalachian today)
dr. jeff colby discusses the giscience job market (zippia)
dr. derek martin studies the ward mill dam removal (watauga democrat)




      alumni spotlight: area leslie ('24)    

"i'm thrilled to announce that i've decided to join orbis inc. knowing that i'll be collaborating with fellow appalachian state university alumni, corey turner and dustin stephens. their successes serve as inspiring examples of the caliber of professionals produced by our alma mater, and i'm eager to work alongside them, drawing upon their expertise and shared appalachian state experience. joining their team feels like the culmination of years of hard work and dedication, and i couldn't be more grateful for the opportunity. i extend my gratitude to the geography and planning department staff, and especially carol crutchfield and mike flanagan, for fostering such a supportive and empowering academic environment that has prepared us for success in our careers. i'm eager to contribute my skills and expertise to the innovative projects at orbis inc. and to continue learning and growing in this dynamic field."


















 




mission statement
computer recommendations




give to geography and planning



please consider supporting the department of geography and planning by donating to one of our departmental funds.
for assistance with philanthropic gifts, contact cas development director, jasmin mcfayden '10, at mcfaydenja@appstate.edu or (828) 262-4019.

 


university resources


college of arts and sciencesacademic advisingfinancial aidgraduate schoolregistrar's office

 




 

 







contact
department of geography and planningasu box 32066323 rankin science west572 rivers streetboone, nc 28608 fax: (828) 262-3067phone: (828) 262-7127email us


links
 home
 disclaimer
 eo policy
 accessibility
 privacy policy
 login



networking
 twitter
 facebook
 instagram










website manager: plattjr (gibbsla)
copyright 2025 appalachian state university. all rights reserved.







