






peters chemical company – deicer's, ice melters, lime and more
























































 










 














call us 973-427-8844











mail us harold@peterschemical.com







get free quotes














home
contact us
deicers

combotherm™
peladow™ – calcium chloride
dowflake™ xtra – calcium chloride
cma – calcium magnesium acetate
magnesium chloride (mag) – flake & pellet
potassium chloride
mr. magic
urea
sodium chloride  (halite – rock salt)


airport runway deicers

cf7 liquid runway deicer
e36 liquid runway deicer
naac – sodium acetate
epa releases ruling on effluent limitations for airports
how will airports be affected by the new epa effluent guidelines?


lime & limestone

a material of a thousand uses
about limestone
calcium hydroxide
calcium oxide
lime kiln dust
pcc agricultural limestone


misc

calcium chloride – the essential element for better roads
calcium chloride applications for the mining industry
concrete acceleration
controlling road maintenance costs through surface and base stabilization
dust control
dust control and base stabilization with liquidow calcium chloride
fertilizers
holding the road with calcium chloride flake
markets and uses for calcium chloride
other uses of calcium chloride
ready mixed concrete
road dust control
road stabilization procedures using calcium chloride
road treatment – information about calcium chloride
the stronger way to build a road


deicing articles

articles i

ice melt products – baloney detection kit
reasons for choosing peters chemical company as your deicer supplier
after the thaw
are you using the right deicers for your parking facility?
doing the product research
safer deicing chemicals
break the ice (comparison of ice melting chemicals)
brine breakdown
calcium chloride for snow and ice control
calcium chloride vs. magnesium chloride
calcium chloride vs. rock salt. which do you use?
cma – the real story behind deicers (blends) with cma
comparison of naac™ deicer (sodium acetate, naac) and sodium formate deicers (nafo)


articles ii

competing ice melt products
concrete deterioration by deicing salts: an experimental study
declaring war on ice (product knowledge can help find the “right” weapons)
deicers & concrete damage
deicing & today’s contractor
doing the product research
home ice management
home ice management – liquid therapy
how salt-based deicers harm pets and children
ice melter blends
in the mix
know your cold


articles iii

magic salt: fact or fiction?
magnesium chloride as a road deicer: a critical review
melting points
minimizing corrosion – calcium chloride
calcium chloride vs. magnesium chloride
plants and deicers
properties of calcium chloride
safer deicing chemicals
scientific proof in favor of peladow calcium chloride
seven things facility managers must know about ice melters!!!
summer & salt











home
welcome to peters chemical company
peters chemical company is the leading supplier of ice melters, including calcium chloride pellets, calcium chloride flake (peladow™ , dowflake™ xtra, combotherm™), mag pellets, mag flake, magnesium chloride pellets, magnesium chloride flake (mag), sodium chloride (rock salt, halite), potassium chloride, urea, sodium acetate (naac), calcium magnesium acetate (cma), potassium acetate (cf-7, e36) and other airport deicers.  our top sellers are: peladow™, dowflake™ xtra, combotherm™,  mr. magic®, monster melt®, stop ice®, safer than salt commercial®, safer than salt premium®, safer than salt premium with corrosion inhibitor®, earthguard® and of course, sodium chloride otherwise known as rock salt or halite.
peters chemical company is one of the leading suppliers of industrial and chemical lime (calcium oxide and calcium hydroxide, lime kiln dust) and agricultural limestone (pcc agricultural limestone) in the northeast
our mission
to become your supplier with a quality product at a competitive price.
company profile
peters chemical company is the sales agent for some of the leading manufacturers in the united states. some of our suppliers include occidental chemical corporation, kissner, imc, morton, carmeuse na, cargill, cryotech deicing technology and dead sea works to name a few. our warehouses are located throughout nj, ny, de, mi, ia and pa.
members of: awwa, gcsanj, past presidents of pfesnj (in cooperation with cook college, rutgers university), issa, njssa and sima.
contact information
peters chemical company
p.o. box 193
hawthorne, nj 07507
973-427-8844
973-427-7748 (fax)
contact:  harold at peterschemical dot com
 









 
 




 
 



 
 



 
 




















website design and hosting by affordable nj web design"





















