






wood county jfs | jobs & family services















































to report child or elder abuse/neglect, click here

 

 
 
 










job & family services

faqs
contact us
office locations and directions
planning committee
state hearings
calendar of events
video gallery


public assistance

customer service

phishing email
protecting your ebt benefits


food assistance
cash assistance
medicaid

expansion information


affordable care act / health care coverage
protecting your ebt benefits
income maintenance
fraud
state hearings
civil rights
voter registration
text message sign up
e-signature


social services

emergency assistance
child care

child care faqs


chore services
transportation services


protective services

child protective services

how to report abuse / neglect
investigation / assessment
foster care
adoption
post-emancipation independent living services
policy on baby sitting, day care & supervision
kinship care
police mou


adult protective services


ohiomeansjobs

job seekers
crew wood county
employers

business engagement
incumbent worker training overview
on the job training


omj wood county podcast


netplus
foster care
child support enforcement

https://childsupport.co.wood.oh.us
after hours drop box information


 


select page


  
 



 



 

















do you need employment, or a better job? we can help!
learn more
 

 
 







non-emergency transportationto medical and mental health appointments
learn more
 

 
 






welcome to wood county job & family services
 

 
 
 
 
 



learn more about our services
 
 
 





public assistance

 
 
 




social services

 
 
 




protective services

 
 
 




ohiomeansjobs wood county

 
 
 




netplus

 
 
 
 
 



 

news & announcements
important notice: reports of child abuse should not be emailed. please refer to ‘how to report child abuse/neglect‘ page.
after hours documents may be placed in a secure drop box located in front of the main jfs entrance.

 
 
 
 



welcome to wood county jfs
 
welcome to the wood county job and family services (jfs) website. children, adults, families and the elderly can find information on programs and services administered by jfs which are available to wood county, ohio residents.
public assistance (employment, medical and income programs)these programs, commonly known as ohio works first, snap (food assistance) and medicaid, provide cash, food assistance and health care coverage based on state and federal eligibility criteria.
to make application or check current status / report changes please go to: http://odjfsbenefits.ohio.gov.
social servicesthe programs assist families and adults who have emergency needs such as loss of shelter or car repairs necessary to keep employment. in addition, programs are available to assist the elderly including homemaker/home health services. a child care program is also available to those citizens meeting income guidelines.
protective servicesservices provided by the protective services unit include, but are not limited to, the following:
– investigation of child abuse/neglect reports– family support– voluntary in-home services– in-home protective supervision– placement of children for out-of-home care– foster family training, assessment and supervision– adoption services for children and families– birth parent counseling– adult protective services
ohio means jobs – wood county – employment servicesa wide variety of employment services are available for job seekers, such as resume writing and career counseling. assistance is also available to employers to find and train employees.
other partners co-located in the office include veteran’s services and odjfs re-employment services.
 
 
 
 






  


 
 
 





job & family services
of wood county, ohio

 
  david wigent,
director
 
wood county commissioners
doris herringshaw, ed.d.
craig lahote
dr. theodore bowlus
 
address
1928 e. gypsy lane rd.
bowling green, oh
mailing address: p.o. box 679
bowling green, ohio 43402
  protective services
hotline: 419-354-9669
office hours:
m-f 8:00 am - 4:30 pm
phone: 419-352-7566
toll free: 888-282-1118
fax: 419-353-6091
 
call center
hours:
m-w 8:00 am-4:00 pm
th 8:00 am-12:00 pm
f 8:00 am-3:00 pm
phone: 1-844-640-ohio (6446)
fax: 419-353-6091
  quick linkshome
public assistance
social services
protective services
faqs
    
 


designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress  

 
 
 

 



				mary champion, workforce administrator			

mary.champion@jfs.ohio.gov
419.373.6970
mary has been a dedicated workforce administrator for over a decade, bringing a wealth of experience from the private sector, where she excelled as an operations manager, human resource manager, and regional recruiter. a proud graduate of bowling green state university (go falcons!), she holds a bachelor of science degree. mary is passionate about partnering with regional employers to support their training and hiring needs, helping businesses grow and thrive. she is proud to be part of a dedicated team that genuinely cares about connecting job seekers with meaningful opportunities and assisting employers in building strong, skilled workforces.


			close			


















