






coastal alabama golf – custom golf packages in gulf shores and orange beach, alabama | golf packages and trips in gulf shores and orange beach, alabama. discounted golf, condos and hotel rates in gulf shores and orange beach.











































home
lodging partners
dining & attractions
fishing charters
contact us
 












stay & play packages
golf only packages
custom quote
courses
play today
call 251-968-5339
 


select page


  
 
 










book a tee time





call 251-968-5339











you get two weeks of vacation. make them count.golf, swim, boat, beach, party – all in one perfect location.
learn more









golf the gulf9 signature golf courses, miles of sugar white beaches, one unbeatable experience.
see our packages









play golf today
see what's available









coastal alabama golf championship golf for the best rates available.
learn more










featured packages








pure palmer golf package
play all 3 arnold palmer courses on the gulf coast








the elite
play kiva dunes, peninsula and cypress bend @ craft farms










custom golf experiences
let us build a golf package for you!
see our packages










play
with coastal alabama golf you can experience nine signature golf courses located along the beaches of gulf shores and orange beach up through the beautiful eastern shore along mobile bay. technically challenging and aesthetically beautiful, our courses have been designed by some of the world’s greatest golf course architects – including arnold palmer, us open champion jerry pate, earl stone and more.

golf the gulf








the gulf
with 32 miles of sugar white sand beaches, exciting nightlife, one of the us’ largest charter boat fleets, shopping and most importantly, fresh gulf seafood, gulf shores and orange beach provide the best vacation experience you can find along the gulf coast.

experience the gulf







stay
at coastal alabama golf we combine nine signature gulf shores golf courses with a broad array of some of the best accommodations along the gulf coast, including everything from resort-style and “national-chain” hotels, to well appointed “on-site” golf condominiums, to luxury beach-front homes and condos.

stay at the gulf








keep in touch
let’s stay in touch! coastal alabama golf sends out featured golf packages and specials throughout the year. don’t miss your chance to be the first to know about our new offers.

sign up for deals



 







coastal alabama golf 3840 cotton creek circlegulf shores, alabama 36542
251.968.5339
coastal alabama couples classic november 3rd – 6th, 2024
gulf shores, alabama
learn more

 
 




                            copyright 2017 coastal alabama golf. all rights reserved. site design by mobile web design

 

 
 
 






























 