

























coral seas oceanfront motel | long beach island hotel | beach haven, nj














































skip to content

 


reservations: (609) 492-1141






about
accommodations

standard rooms
standard first-floor patio rooms
second-floor oceanfront rooms
third-floor oceanfront rooms
coral seas suites


attractions
2025 rates
reservations/pay deposit
faq
contact

directions

























































the perfect long beach island family beach vacation!
 
the perfect place to get away at the jersey shore, the coral seas oceanfront motel, is a serene family-friendly 50-room motel situated directly on the beach in beach haven, the queen city of long beach island, new jersey. our beachfront oasis is close to the lush sandy beach, downtown, fun activities, and long beach island restaurants, shops, theater, bike rentals, surfing and watersports.
come stay with
us and experience the jersey shore as it was meant to be, all in the heart of
the jersey shore’s most popular resorts in long beach island. we look forward
to providing our signature customer service at the coral seas oceanfront motel!











explore our room options



standard rooms »



standard first-floor patio rooms »



second-floor oceanfront rooms »



third-floor oceanfront rooms »



coral seas suites »





  


coral seas oceanfront motel
21 coral street

beach haven, nj 08008

(609) 492-1141
coralseasmotel@gmail.com
 


website design created by suasion communications group.




				reservations are open for 2025!			

the coral seas is closed for the season but we are now taking reservations for our 2025 season.  all reservations are done by email.  please email us at coralseasmotel@gmail.com and put down what dates you are looking for, if you have a room type in mind, and how many people are in your party.  someone will get back to you within a few business days.  we will not be taking reservations over the phone, if you want a phone call please email us with your request and your phone number.  thank you, and see you all in the spring!


			close			























