



mri technologies









































home
about us
company values
contract vehicles
core competencies
clients
news
community
careers












                mri technologies
            
a woman-owned technologies and engineering services company with an award-winning reputation.


























mri technologies

founded in 1988, we are a woman-owned small business specializing in engineering,
                    planning and integration, logistics, information systems, configuration and data
                    management, and project management. our excellent reputation is based upon providing
                    safe, dependable and flexible program control and integration services across the
                    country. we are itar certified by the u.s. state department, as well as as9100 certified
                    for quality services and products. we use a structured teamwork approach and continually
                    invest in our team members' and our company’s future success through ongoing research,
                    cross-training, and employee development programs.






our quality

            mri is committed to being the woman-owned government and aerospace small business contractor of
            choice by exceeding the applicable contract management requirements and expectations of our
            customers with a focus on continual improvement. we are committed to error-free and on-time delivery
            of products and services including requests for proposals, data requirement deliverables, managing
            customer feedback, and new hire efficiency. the following mri values are essential to the success of
            our quality process:
        
we act with integrity and show respectwe are all accountablewe are passionate about our businesswe have the humility and hunger to learnwe love successwe strive for simplicitywe have fun!
one thing that has really impressed me is the teamwork your folks demonstrate - everyone on the mri team supports each other and comes together during the time of need.nasa engineerthe highest compliment to mri is that the sscs project configuration documentation withstood the scrutiny from many other organizations from both programs. it continues to be a great pleasure to be teamed with mri's outstanding team. congratulations on a job well done.nasa program managermri's initiative and can-do attitude exhibited on the evada project has been outstanding. i shouldn't be surprised; you guys do this time and time again.nasa technical contract monitor




our clients




nasa


jacobs


lockheed martin


utc aerospace systems


raytheon


saic






boeing


booz | allen | hamilton


pae


metro


exxon


bp









as9100d certified
mri as9100d certified in contract management oversight of engineering services to organizations in the aerospace community. as9100d certificate












mri technologies
            ©
            2025








