sonoran spine | arizona spine specialists

sonoran spine logo(480) 962-0071patient portalpractice areas+spine caredeformitiescongenital spine deformitiesadult scoliosis & kyphosispediatric scoliosis & kyphosisinjuriesspinal fracturesports injuriesdegenerativearthritisdisc herniationsosteoporosispinched nerves/spinal stenosisspondyloisthesisinterventional pain managementfor patients+patient formspoliciesmedical recordsprescription policyout-of-area patientsfinancial optionsaccepted insurancesworkers' compensationresources and faqsrefer a patienteducation+expert blogfellowships & residenciesspine fellowship programvisiting physicians programclinical research fellowshipmayo clinic residentsuniversity of arizonascholarshipsabout+our philosophyour medical teamresearchlocations+all locationsgilbertnorth peoria north phoenixqueen creekscottsdale  (osborn)scottsdale (shea)north scottsdale (thompson peak)show lowtempecontactmake an appointmentexperts in spinearizona spine specialistsat sonoran spine, we operate with one singular focus: to improve the quality of life for each one of our patients. whether you’ve suffered a spinal injury or have been living with pain for years, our team has the expertise to diagnose and treat nearly any condition.make an appointmentthe sonoran differencekids to adultsindividuals of all ages deserve the best care available. we have the knowledge and experience necessary to provide treatment for both pediatric and adult patients.the spine specialistswe believe in the philosophy of doing one thing exceptionally well. for us, that’s diagnosing and treating spine conditions that range from routine to complex. revision surgeryif you need revision surgery, you’ve endured a significant amount of pain and stress already. our goal is to put an end to your suffering with a solution tailored to your unique needs. serving the phoenix areawe proudly serve patients throughout the greater phoenix area. our practice offers several convenient locations in order to limit the amount of travel time to and from our offices. with 8 locations currently in operation, there’s likely to be a sonoran spine near you! find a locationfrom our patientswould recommend sonoran spine to anyonemelissa gebardt tsai, pa-c takes extremely good care of me. she is on point and always friendly. i have always been impressed with dr. crandall and his whole team. i am progressing nicely from my 3rd back surgery that was just completed in december (first one done by dr. crandall) and look forward to finally being pain free. i would recommend sonoran spine to anyone!you and your staff are top notch professionalsdr. datta,thank you sooooo much for the successful surgery that you performed on my back. the pain is gone and i am on the road to recovery. you and your staff are top notch professionals and i have already referred three people to your practice.- drdr. mosallaie isn't just good at his job, he's a caring doctordr. mosallaie isn't just good at his job, he's a caring doctor. he has a great staff and they all put the patients care and safety first. i recommend dr. mosallaie to anyone who needs help in his area of expertise. awesome staff always caring and knows what they're doing.i love sonoran spine!!!dr. chang is incredibly knowledgeable in his field of expertise. my orthopedic surgeon referred me to dr. chang due to the complexity of my condition. dr. chang came in the room and explained everything to my husband and i with confidence, compassion and in a way we can understand. i cannot give him enough stars. his office staff deserve five stars as well. from the front desk to radiology to the nurse. i love sonoran spine!!! - danaabsolutely wonderful care. dr. crandall addressed all of my questions and treated me with the utmost compassion. after having the recommended surgery i felt much better than before the operation. thank you dr. crandall and sonoran spine for giving me my mobility back!- sandra j. (tempe, az)best spinal surgeon in the valleybest spinal surgeon in the valley. there is no way i would trust anyone else with my spinal care. thank you for making my quality of life better. - lancephone: (480) 962-0071fax: (480) 962-0590quick links +patient formsrefer a patientresources & faqsaccepted insurancesworkers' compensationlocations +gilbert clinic locationnorth peoria clinic locationnorth phoenix clinic locationnorth scottsdale clinic locationqueen creek clinic locationscottsdale, osborn rd. clinic locationscottsdale, shea rd. clinic locationshow low clinic locationtempe clinic location © 2025 sonoran spine, all rights reserved.privacy policyterms of use

