




 


california rangers





















home
about

today
yearly events

 shows & competitions
 academic decathlon
 military ball & awards
 community service



the eagle troop

who we are
 how to join
 drill videos



the senior team

who we are
 how to join
 drill videos



mr. and miss program

what is mr. and miss
current & past winners



scholarship program
organizational chart
board of directors
 history
mcclellan cavalry saddle
guestbook



how to join

what is expected
child membership
adult membership
guest ride
where we ride
where to get the uniform
contact 




donate
alumni



 upload your pictures
join the facebook group
join the alumni list




fundraising & sponsors 

fundraising
our sponsors











 





california rangers
"through the magic of the kid and the horse"



 





introduction











california rangers is a non-profit youth equestrian organization modeled after the equestrian cavalry of the 1800's. the organization strives to help young people develop skills in horsemanship, drill maneuvers, leadership, self-respect, and accepting responsibility. in addition to internal competition within the california rangers, we perform in outside equestrian events. we have been awarded first place champions for california state junior and senior drill team, california state junior colorguard, western states junior drill team, equestrian trail incorporated and have participated in a presidential inaugural parade, city parades, community events, and special olympic events.
 
california rangers is best suited to young people who like to ride and like the outdoors, but is not just a riding class. each member must strive to work up
 through the ranks as he or she is learning horsemanship and drill maneuvers. this competitive opportunity within the military structure results in the 
 development of leadership ability, self respect and both mental and physical discipline. each member develops respect for officers, respect for personal 
 discipline and that of the troop, and the personal ability to accept responsibility.





		your browser does not support the video tag.
	

 watch what california rangers is all about


 2019 grand champions





 
		your browser does not support the video tag.
		

 some people dont call this a sport.  what do you think?







>
 	
 	
 	
 	

 

members entrance
cadets     |      officers

support us for free






 
        click the image for instructions to link your ralphs card with california rangers!"
              		
              		

sign up with escript  https://secure.escrip.com
 

related links

contact
faq's
guest ride forms
where to get apparel
where we ride
pay your dues
pay your show fee
 watch our videos
request website access

buy your 81st ball tickets


 

donate
we welcome your charitable donation! california rangers inc. is a 501(c)(3) organization. all donations are tax deductible. make a secure online payment through paypal or by using your credit card by clicking the donate button below.
donate
 

member of










the southern california equestrian 
        directory 





our 81th regimental ball is in:


00
days

 

00
hours

:

00
minutes

:

00
seconds


march 1st, 2025




 





 



join us

  


child membership
the california rangers is the perfect organization for young adults between the ages of 9 to 18 who simply have a desire to ride horses and be a part of a team. you do not need any previous riding experience and you do not need to own your own horse. the only requirements to join the california rangers is a willingness to learn, lack of fear and to participate in . . . 
read more


adult membership
adults who may be parents of current members, past members or simply would like to assist in teaching children how to ride are welcome to apply for adult membership within the california rangers. instructors and adult members are all volunteers who are not paid for their participation. the california rangers is an organization dedicated to developing the relationship. . 
read more


guest ride
prior to making any commitment to join the california rangers, interested families are suggested to make three "guest rides" with any one troop in order to make sure that our organization is right for you. a parent/ guardian must be present during the first guest ride and is encouraged to be at all rides. below is a list of things to know for your first guest ride . . . 
read more















get in touch

publicity - webmaster: webmaster@californiarangers.org
                
                to request information about our organization please email: info@californiarangers.org



tell us your thoughts



sign the guestbook







follow us or subscribe



 | connect with facebook  
 | connect with pinterest
 | subscribe to youtube    








 ©2025  california rangers inc. is a 501(c)(3) organization.











