

















































housing | division of student life | the university of iowa





























    skip to main content
  







the university of iowa






university of iowa





            division of student life
          






            housing
          






search

submit search







search



top links


apply











site main navigation

living on campusapplyroommatesassignmentsmedical (ada) accomodationscontractsnew student room selectionrates and billingmove-inmove-outliving learning communitiesall inartsconnect2bizhonors housingiowa writerspeople in engineeringpolitical matterssport and recreation managementunidosyoung, gifted and blackresidence hallsburge hallcatlett hallcurrier halldaum hallhillcrest hallmayflower hallpetersen hallrienow hallslater hallstanley hallmy housingcontact uswork for usmeet usabout us

























 











        discover your passion. build your community.
      


living on campus at iowa is an experience like no other. learn in a diverse environment. gain access to unique hands-on opportunities. create genuine connections that last.




                    live on campus
                    


                    residence halls
                    


                    current students
                    

















 









        apply
      



create your community, succeed in academics and connect with the university campus.


                live here
                












 









        dine
      



discover fresh ingredients, homemade classics and eat whenever it fits your schedule.


                view the menu
                












 









        work
      



we're the largest employer of students on campus. find a position that fits your lifestyle.


                join our team
                
















        live and learn
      



good friends and better grades.
discover our nine living learning communities.


view our llcs
              













 












        my housing guide
      



are you a current student? we've included a section just for you to provide you with the information and links you need the most.



                  view resources
                  














        division of student life news
      

there are no results at this time.







        important dates
      







        september 30, 2024
      


courses are viewable on myuisummer 2025

schedule builder is open to start adding course options.summer 2025








        may 14, 2025
      


 prerequisite drop date for non-ui courseworksummer 2025







view more









 









        94
      

  

      %
  




  

      percentage of first-year students that choose to live on campus
  


  

      at the university of iowa.
  






 













        9
      



  

      living learning communities 
  


  

      based on major or identity. 
  






 









        1,200+
      



  

      student employees
  


  

      who work for university housing and dining.
  











 












        designed to help you succeed
      



at iowa, you’ll find a community that is built around your success—a place where you can expand your ideas, explore new interests and learn from those around you.



                  residence education model
                  






















        camps and conferences
      


stay with us this summer. 




                    internal (ui sponsored groups)
                    


                    external (non-ui groups)
                    



















the university of iowa






university of iowa




housing



              division of student life
            



university housing and dining
4141 burge hall
iowa city, ia 52242
housing@uiowa.edu
 319-335-3000


social media


 facebook


 instagram


 youtube





admin login






© 2025 the university of iowa

privacy notice


ui nondiscrimination statement


accessibility














