










































waterproof, windproof & breathable | gore-tex brand





















gore-tex brand 


gore-tex brand 


gore-tex brand 





gore-tex brand 











products


categories



outerwear




footwear




gloves & accessories





made for



ski & snowboarding




hiking




running




everyday




see all activities





featured brands



arc'teryx




ecco




gorewear




mammut




norrøna







technologies


innovation & testing



the gore-tex epe membrane




how we test




outerwear testing




footwear testing




gloves testing




virtual lab tour





product ranges



gore-tex products
best-in-class waterproof protection.




windstopper® products by gore‑tex labs
high performance in drier weather conditions.





outerwear technologies



gore-tex garments
trusted comfort and protection. make more of everyday.




gore-tex pro garments
most rugged. no compromise. master the extreme.




windstopper® garments by gore-tex labs
totally windproof. highly breathable.




see all outerwear technologies





footwear technologies



gore-tex footwear
trusted comfort and protection.




gore-tex invisible fit footwear
the fit and feel you love. guaranteed waterproof.




gore-tex surround® footwear
all around breathability system for your feet.




see all footwear technologies





gloves technologies



gore-tex gloves
trusted comfort and protection.




windstopper® stretch gloves by gore-tex labs
snug fit. better control. made to keep on.




windstopper® gloves by gore-tex labs
totally windproof. exceptional comfort.




see all gloves technologies







sustainability


our sustainability platform



responsible performance
acting responsibly through science-based innovation.




long-lasting products




science-led innovation




caring beyond







about us


who we are



our history





events & stories



blog




gore-tex products studio




freeride world tour




gore-tex gear tour




breaking trails film series





who we work with



brand partners




brand ambassadors







support


care & repair



care instructions




durable water repellent




repair information





consumer service 



contact us




guarantee & returns




frequently asked questions









gore-tex brand 




north america



united states / canada





europe



deutschland




sverige




united kingdom




italia




france




españa





asia pacific



大中华区 – 中国 




대한민국




日本




大中華區–台灣/香港




australia / new zealand













search










































  real people. real stories.





      explore personal stories of bravery, perseverance, and strength in our breaking trails film series.
  



      
        
    go now
  






















gore-tex product technologies let you go further

freedom is experiencing each day on your terms. that's why all gore-tex products provide totally windproof, breathable, and water-resistant to durably waterproof protection. we integrate lasting comfort and reliable protection from the elements to reach your goals in any weather.
gore-tex product technologies are found in jackets, pants, footwear, gloves, and more. working with leading global brands, we tailor each of our product technologies for diverse uses: everyday to aerobic activities, and demanding to extreme outdoor activities. 











  gear up for your next adventure


      experience lasting comfort and protection with gore-tex product technologies.
  













outerwear












footwear












gloves





























  gore-tex repair service





      our gore‑tex repair service restores waterproof performance, repairs damage, and keeps your gear adventure-ready, season after season.
  



      
        
    learn more
  

















  gore-tex product technologies give you the confidence and freedom to seek out new experiences.




  where will your journey take you?



















climbing















skiing and snowboarding















hiking















running






























  embracing the elements





      rain? wind? sun? it doesn't matter to them. meet the gore-tex brand ambassadors: a team of outdoor-loving athletes and adventurists.
  



      
        
    meet the squad
  















  responsible performance











  how does the gore‑tex brand unite sustainability & performance?








    
        
    watch video
  

























  news & stories



















sustainability


reducing our impact: starting in our own backyard















experiences & events


kendal mountain festival 2024















ambassadors


from slopes to service: phil siefken's charity market makes waves






































  gore-tex newsletter











  stay connected







  sign up to learn about new products, upcoming events, and other news from the gore-tex brand.











the gore-tex brand may use my email address, provided above, to send me relevant marketing communications, based on my preferences. i understand that i can unsubscribe from these communications at any time. for additional relevant details, i can review the privacy notice.








the gore-tex brand may use my email address, provided above, to send me relevant marketing communications, based on my preferences. i understand that i can unsubscribe from these communications at any time. for additional relevant details, i can review the privacy notice.
































residents of some states have the right to opt-out of the “sharing” or “selling” of their personal information. gore does not "sell" the personal information of website users. gore may "share" the personal information of website users, as standard advertising practice meant to offer you a more personalized service.
if you want to opt-out from gore “sharing” your personal information, click on opt-out of sharing to turn off the targeting cookies that we share with our advertising partners in order to provide you with personalized information. disabling sharing will stop the use of cookies to targeted advertising but you may still see generic gore ads.
please note that your exercising of the rights outlined will have no adverse effect on the price and quality of our goods or services.

opt-out of sharing


you have successfully opted out of the sharing of your personal information 
please note that if you clear your cookies and then use another device or browser, etc. your opt-out status is not transferred to the new device or browser. 









your location

united kingdom








also visit


goretexprofessional.com
advanced technical fabrics solutions for increased protection and comfort in work-related applications.


gorewear.com
explore and purchase gorewear.


press newsroom
the latest on gore-tex products, events, and experiences.


gore.com
we're committed to innovation in life sciences, aerospace, and beyond.










follow


facebook


gore-tex brand 




instagram


gore-tex brand 




youtube


gore-tex brand 








about


history


careers


contact









legal



cookie notice


cookie settings


privacy notice


terms of use


imprint


report a fake


do not share my personal information





















close












