










home - the arthur rank centre


































































































































    contact us 


home
about us

about us
our history


what we do

train

church & community programmes

equipping for rural mission
journey to faith


germinate leadership
rural mission and ministry course


advocacy & research
resource

rural church buildings resource
toolkits

food
rural isolation and loneliness toolkit
unigedd gwledig ac unigrwydd
open welcome
worshipping together
accessible welcome
addoli gyda’n gilydd
pilgrimage: a guide for creating the journey


worship resources

festival resources
plough sunday
lent
lammas
rogation sunday
harvest
advent




country way magazine


events

calendar of rural events – rural hope
calendar submission request


news
donate





menu


menu

 








the arthur rank centre is an ecumenical national charity, which resources, trains, and advocates for rural christians, rural churches and the communities they serve. our vision is of confident rural christians, encouraged to engage in effective mission and ministry.
since 1972, the arthur rank centre has served both the spiritual and practical needs of the rural community through hundreds of resources for rural churches, including a comprehensive range of worship resources and rural stories, ideas and inspiration though our former magazine, country way and newsletters.
our highly popular rural ministry course has been running for over 40 years.
click here for more information on our history.


previousnext123

latest news from the arthur rank centre

an open letter to the farming community.17th december 2024/0 commentsstanding together with farmers and rural communities
17th december…

https://arthurrankcentre.org.uk/wp-content/uploads/2024/12/letter-logo.jpg
273
462


arc comms team

https://arthurrankcentre.org.uk/wp-content/uploads/2023/04/arc-logo.png

arc comms team2024-12-17 11:39:012024-12-18 11:32:27an open letter to the farming community.position filled – join our team: part-time administrator – position filled12th december 2024/0 commentslocation: barford, warwickshire
hours: 21 hours per week (flexible…

https://arcentre.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/18093851/damian-zaleski-ryyr-k3ysqg-unsplash-scaled.jpg
1314
2560


arc comms team

https://arthurrankcentre.org.uk/wp-content/uploads/2023/04/arc-logo.png

arc comms team2024-12-12 11:59:102024-12-20 16:05:22position filled – join our team: part-time administrator – position fillednew church tourism resource ‘discover churches: a toolkit for welcoming visitors’

https://arthurrankcentre.org.uk/wp-content/uploads/2024/11/discover-churches-hs.jpg
198
312


arc comms team

https://arthurrankcentre.org.uk/wp-content/uploads/2023/04/arc-logo.png

arc comms team2024-11-04 12:14:412024-11-05 10:31:27new church tourism resource ‘discover churches: a toolkit for welcoming visitors’
  

click on the links below to share this page...
share thisshare on facebookshare on xshare on xshare on whatsappshare by mail











accessibility
privacy policy
terms and conditions
designed by ammac design ltd
 follow us on twitter 
find us on facebook 
follow us on instagram 
view our youtube channel


 registered charity no. 1104300
email us: info@arthurrankcentre.org.uk
call us: 024 7685 3060
find us: 
the view, 9 barford exchange, wellesbourne road, barford, warwick. cv35 8aq








scroll to top

this site uses cookies. by continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.accept settingshide notification onlysettings

cookie and privacy settings

how we use cookieswe may request cookies to be set on your device. we use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website. 
click on the different category headings to find out more. you can also change some of your preferences. note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
essential website cookiesthese cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refusing them will have impact how our site functions. you always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. but this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
we fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. you are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. if you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
we provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. you can check these in your browser security settings.
check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. we need 2 cookies to store this setting. otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
google analytics cookiesthese cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
if you do not want that we track your visit to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here:
click to enable/disable google analytics tracking.
other external serviceswe also use different external services like google webfonts, google maps, and external video providers. since these providers may collect personal data like your ip address we allow you to block them here. please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. changes will take effect once you reload the page.
google webfont settings:
click to enable/disable google webfonts.
google map settings:
click to enable/disable google maps.
google recaptcha settings:
click to enable/disable google recaptcha.
vimeo and youtube video embeds:
click to enable/disable video embeds.
other cookiesthe following cookies are also needed - you can choose if you want to allow them:
click to enable/disable _ga - google analytics cookie.
click to enable/disable _gid - google analytics cookie.
click to enable/disable _gat_* - google analytics cookie.
privacy policyyou can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our privacy policy page. 
privacy policy
accept settingshide notification only































































