






rock creek retreat | an oasis by lake perry, ks


























785-925-4072
stacy@rockcreekretreat.com















home
photo gallery
contact
 


select page


 




 















rock creek retreat
loft guesthouse
imagine a serene setting practically on lake perry, just a 3 minute stroll to the rock creek marina where you can boat, jet ski, dine, or fish off the dock. relax in the spacious open loft guest home with free wifi, a fully equipped kitchen, washer/dryer, central heat & air, 2 large bedrooms & 2 sofa sleepers. satellite hdtv, kayaks, and picnic area available for guests. horse & mountain bike trails, and golfing are just minutes away. located 25 minutes from lawrence, 22 minutes to topeka.




















































the rock creek loft 
 
perfectly designed for an evening escape, a weekend of activities boating, golfing, hiking, or even short-term extended stays, this charming 2 bedroom guest house with fully equipped kitchen provides both luxury and serenity.  attention to details throughout ensure that you’ll have a memorable stay.


book the loft







includes: two spacious bedrooms
relax in your luxuriously appointed master bedroom featuring a queen serta luxury pillow top bed and luxurious 650 thread egyptian cotton sheets. the bedroom has 2 closets, dresser and contains an iron and ironing board.  
the second bedroom features a queen bed with luxurious 650 thread eqyptian cotton sheets, dresser and closet. both bedrooms look out to acres of beautiful wooded protected land.












































an amazing location
 
looking for a perfect spot to enjoy nature and have a memorable time away? we welcome you and your family to enjoy a peaceful and tranquil setting next to the rock creek marina. only a few miles from perry state park which features a beach, hiking, equestrian activities, jet skiing, fishing, biking and atv trails and boating area. lake perry golf is less than a mile. only 25 minutes to lawrence and 22 miles northeast of topeka, ks. 
rock creek marina (0.2 miles) perry state park (1.4 miles) lake perry country club (0.6 miles) village greens golf course (7 miles) perry lake boat ramp (1.4 miles) lake perry yacht & marina (4.3 miles) the pennant (13 miles) kansas state capitol (13 miles) brown v. board of education (14 miles)washburn university (23 miles)downtown topeka (19 miles)massachusetts st in lawrence (24 miles)university of kansas (26 miles)
 







amenities
a memorable stay includes…









bedroom comforts
relax in your luxuriously appointed master bedroom featuring a queen serta luxury pillow top bed and luxurious 650 thread egyptian cotton sheets. the bedroom has 2 closets, dresser and contains an iron and ironing board.  the second bedroom features a queen bed with luxurious 650 thread eqyptian cotton sheets, dresser and closet. both bedrooms look out to acres of beautiful wooded protected land.







living room
you’ll enjoy free high speed wi-fi and direct tv on the 50′ hd tv. both sofa and love seats pull out for additional sleeping if you bring the kids or extra guests. we have a collection of games and adult and children books







kitchen
the rock creek  guest house features your own fully equipped kitchen with granite countertops, bosch quiet dishwasher, refrigerator and bar seating for 4. we’ve stocked our kitchen with an array of gourmet teas, hot-chocolates – and of course, only the best coffees. the dining table seats six adults comfortably.
























writing desk
we thought you might appreciate a place to journal or work.  we’ve provided you with complimentary high-speed wireless internet. 







kayaks
 complimentary kayaks are available to our reserved guests. we have 3 tandems and one single kayak available along with lifejackets for the whole family.







washer, dryer & bbq grill
another surprising feature you’ll find is the full size washer and dryer in the guesthouse, perfect for those enjoying extended travel or staying a bit longer. laundry supplies are provided for your convenience.


































two-night minimum for wu & ku special event weekends (mom’s & dad’s weekends, homecoming, graduation, football games and all major holidays.
*local & state taxes additional
we accept all major credit cards (visa, mastercard, discover, american express)
rates subject to change without notice



book the loft





check-in & checkout
self check-in with smart lock.
check-in time: 4:00 pm check-out time: 10:00 am





cancellation policy
we are a small business and short notice cancellations greatly impact us in re-booking those dates. 
for a full refund of accommodation fees, cancellation must be made 5 full days prior to listing’s local check in time 4:00 pm on the day of check in. cleaning fees are always refunded if the reservation is canceled before check-in.



read the full policy








where do i begin?! this guest house was the most beautiful place we’ve been to in a long time! we had absolutely no needs while we were there. stacy had the best of the best supplies, bedding and toiletries. such a beautiful area and so close to the lake. we also truly appreciated the family friendly atmosphere. we hope it will be one of many trips here. thank you so much!
tara
september 2018





driving through the approach to perry state park you drive across the bridge at rock creek marina and feel the stress melting away but the best is just around the corner. stacy’s retreat is stocked with luxuriously thoughtful amenities you would expect in any 5star accommodation. as we arrived we saw several wild turkeys and some deer on the grounds of this truely peaceful slice of heaven. stacy has anticipated guests every need. i was sad to leave and could very comfortably have stayed there for months! thank you stacy!
rodney
october 2018





we stayed here and it was wonderful.the lake was in back of the house, but covered by  beautiful forestry  which allowed us to see lots of great wildlife.  we were greeted with deer and turkey almost every  morning and evening. having rock creek  marina right next door was awesome because we like to boat and fish and they have a restaurant there too.  the owners of the property went out of their way to accommodate us and make sure we had the best most comfortable stay. we give them 10 stars.
debbie
long term stay 2018





beautifully decorated large open floor plan. luxurious bedding and bath linens. couches super comfortable. really like the country setting. marina within walking distance. yummy snacks and other food items provided. little play area with games and books to read. really nice kitchen for cooking if you want to do that too. lap blankets, shampoo, bath gel and fancy soaps provided.
wayne
october 2018








welcome! 
marshal & stacy morse purchased this property in may 2018. marshal is from iowa and stacy is from wisconsin. we met in springfield, mo while in college. we enjoy kayaking, camping, and traveling. we love the beauty of living close to lake perry and enjoy nature. we hope you have memorable stay.


have a question?
we’d love to talk.

get in touch







 








location:  near lake perry
22 minutes to topeka, ks
25 minutes to lawrence, ks
ozawkie, ks
exact location information will be provided after booking is confirmed.
 

 






facebook


designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress 




 













