












	neca-ibew














































skip to main content


information about preventive carefollow us on facebook!important tax information




home
about us
providers
employers
locals we serve
contact us


search







neca-ibew



























                                            neca-ibew welfare trust fund







                                    neca-ibew pension trust fund







               ibew-neca conduit 401k plan










check welfare fund eligibility
check eligibility online
give us a call


health care cost estimator (s365)
echeck payment
benefits login
member benefits
hra participant portal
wellness power
401k




other helpful links


home
about us
providers
employers
locals we serve
contact us









                                            neca-ibew welfare trust fund







                                    neca-ibew pension trust fund







               ibew-neca conduit 401k plan
















the 2025 data card
the 2025 data card is now available to complete. if you are signed up to receive emails from the fund office, then you should receive an email with instructions for completing the data card electronically. the data card is also available in the documents & forms library.
learn more











employee assistance





retirees





wellness power





life events





hra





faqs





documents & forms








welcome to neca-ibew!what can we help you find today?(or, click the x to go to the homepage)

                                            neca-ibew welfare trust fund







                                    neca-ibew pension trust fund







               ibew-neca conduit 401k plan







  
 don't show me this again on this browser





featured news









progyny


1/28/2025


progyny is for fertility and family building provided by the neca ibew welfare trust fund.
your progyny benefit has been specifically designed to give you the best chance of fulfilling your dreams of family. whether you just want to learn more about your options, are trying to conceive, or are exploring fertility treatment, we are here for you.


read more about progyny











important tax information


1/6/2025


effective in 2025 for the 2024 tax year, the fund will no longer mail irs tax form 1095-b to all participant households.  


read more about important tax information











new no-cost health benefits from sword


4/19/2024


introducing new no-cost health benefits from sword!

we are excited to introduce two new programs from sword health, offered at no cost as part of your neca - ibew benefits. 

thrive is a digital physical therapy program to treat back, joint, and muscle pain, and sword is a digital pelvic health program for women.


read more about new no-cost health benefits from sword





view all news







copyright ©
                   neca ibew benefits. all rights reserved.





privacy
terms










 











