


south padre island texas - hotels weather live cams surfing lessons surfboard rentals




























call us 512-825-2157







activities
with thrilling activities to choose from south padre island is the number one beach vacation on the texas gulf coast.
things to do

south padre hotels & condos
choose from one of the many hotels, beach houses, or rv parks
plan now

fishing
fishing is fun for the whole family,  book an offshore or bay fishing trip
fishing guides

starship launches
witness the beginning of a new age in space
	exploration on south padre island with 
	stunning views of the historic
	spacex starship launches.
	


learn more








south padre activities
 activities for the whole family
south padre hotels & condos
hotels, beach houses, condos, rv parks
fishing on south padre
deep sea and bay fishing guides
spacex starship launches
launch schedule, viewing areas, spacex news








home
live cam

beach cam
bay cam

spacex cam


activities

best south padre island activities
surfing lessons

south padre surf company


surfboard rentals

south padre surf company


sailing charters

south padre wind adventures


snorkeling

breakaway cruises
parrot eyes


parasailing

sonny's beach service
breakaway cruises
parrot eyes


jet skis

breakaway cruises
parrot eyes


dolphin watch

breakaway cruises
parrot eyes
captain murphy's isla tours


banana boats

sonny's beach service
parrot eyes


fireworks cruise

captain murphy's isla tours


sailing charters and sailboat rides

south padre wind adventures


sand castle lessons

sand castle lessons


port of brownsville tours

captain murphy's isla tours


eco tours

captain murphy's isla tours


duck hunting

blast to cast




attractions

best attractions near south padre island
sea turtle inc

menu item 1
menu item 2
menu item 3
menu item 4
redline helicopter


utpa coastal studies lab
dolphin research and sealife center
spi birding and nature center
wyland whaling wall
port isabel lighthouse
museums of port isabel
gladys porter zoo
laguna atascosa wildlife refuge
spacex boca chica


fishing

south padre island fishing charters
deep sea fishing

fishing adventures
breakaway cruises
captain murphy's fishing trips


bay fishing

reel off charters
captain dave the reel deal
angler's choice guide service
breakaway cruises
captain mark guillot
captain jack barton
blast to cast
captain jorge flores
fishing adventures

always a catch fishing trips
captain murphy's fishing trips


fishing pier

isla blanca park jetty




lodging

best hotels and vacation rentals on south padre island
hotels

pearl south padre

holiday inn resort south padre
southwind inn


luxury accomodations

my sapphire south padre


condominiums

pearl south padre

south padre trips
my sapphire condominiums


beach houses



property management

south padre trips


surrounding area hotels

southwind inn




nightlife

best nightlife on south padre island

longboard bar & grill
parrot eyes
wanna wanna beach bar and grill


real estate

top real estate agents on south padre island
lynne tate, keller williams realty lrgv
awesome property & rental managers


restaurants

best restaurants in south padre island
restaurants

the palms resort and cafe on the beach
sea ranch
the meatball cafe
longboard bar & grill

windjammers
pearl south padre
parrot eyes
padre island brewing company


catering    
delivery   


spa and salon

south padre island's top spa and salons
pearl south padre
venus nails and spa


spring break

general spring break info
college spring break package deals

spring break south padre island


spring break south padre
spring break packages

inertia tours


spring break photos


travel
weather
shop





spadre.com is the #1 south padre attractions like surfing & things to do on south padre website
whether you would like to book a fishing guide, find the best restaurants on the island, find the lowest cost beach rental or get the best info on spacex boca chica - youve came to rhe spot!





south padre island texas
everything you need to plan your vacation to south padre island






longboard's bar & grill
live cam bayside
live bay camera views from longboards south padre the best bar on the bay with live music & all their great bands.








about spi


south padre island, texas is the subtropical southernmost part of the world's longest barrier island on the gulf of mexico at the texas/mexico border. located 2 miles off the southern tip of texas, it is connected to the mainland by the queen isabella causeway.
south padre island is the finest coastal resort in texas, with beautiful beaches, tall sand dunes, and warm clear clean gulf waters. with incredible saltwater fishing, gulf shrimp, fresh fish and seafood are served at many island restaurants. a wide selection of hotels and condos from cheap to luxurious, shopping, beach weddings, professional wedding planners, south padre weddings, photographers and video services, rv parks on the beach, eco-tourism and a diversity of watersports.
the island is only a few blocks wide, around 5 miles of city real estate, you don't even need a car, you can walk or bicycle or ride the free island shuttle. you can drive north on the beach for nearly 30 miles of desolate beaches and beautiful sand dunes, until reaching the port mansfield jetties and boat channel.
south padre island boasts the best fishing in the u.s. in the laguna madre, in the surf and offshore in the gulf of mexico. check the south padre bay cam page for fishing reports, or our local fishing page for area fishing guides and charters. dolphin watch is a popular favorite activity, and the best surfing in the gulf of mexico is at isla blanca park at the jetties.
south padre island is matched at the same southerly latitude as fort lauderdale, florida and offers comparable tropical weather conditions year round. airline flights to south padre island are available through our neighboring airports of brownsville, mcallen and harlingen where you can catch flights on southwest airlines, continental express, or sun country airlines. car rentals and shuttle buses are available at the airports where it is just a short drive to south padre island. once on the island you can catch the wave, a free shuttle which will transport you along the island or into our neighboring town of port isabel, where you may want to spend an afternoon strolling lighthouse square, home of the historical port isabel lighthouse which is open daily to visitors that want to make the climb up to the top for a spectacular view of the laguna madre and cityscape. at lighthouse square you’ll find museums, art galleries, restaurants, coffee shops, ice cream parlors, and the south padre island dolphin research and sea life center. you can even experience the myths, legend and lore of port isabel on the town’s new trolley ride which will guide you through the history of this unique port city including tale of shipwrecks, spanish gold, civil war, old military highway, and pirate legend, or even ride the black dragon pirate ship!.




where to stay


south padre island offers a variety of lodging accommodations ranging from all inclusive beach resorts and hotels to charming bayside vacation rentals or condominiums. whether you are looking for a beach front or bayside hotel or condominium, bed and breakfast, beach house, vacation rental, rv park, or campground you will easily find the perfect match for any budget or lodging preference. check out these accommodation options where you can book on-line reservations to help make your dream vacation get off to a great start!




what to do


south padre island is texas best family beach, offering visitors a chance to try fun activities such as surfing lessons, snorkeling, scuba diving, parasailing, dolphin watching, jet skiing, deep sea fishing or bay fishing charters, windsurfing, kiteboarding or kitesurfing, sailing, sup lessons, sky diving, sand castle building lessons and many more thrilling activities.
eco tourism is another thriving industry in south padre island offering nature preserves, camping, hiking, bird watching, horseback riding, and more. the island is home to new sea turtle inc. facility - an educational research and rehabilitation facility dedicated to the preservation of sea turtles and the conservation of the marine environment world wide. they offer daily guided tours where you’ll see various species of sea turtles including the kemp's ridley, green, hawksbill, loggerhead, and other species of endangered sea turtles that have been rescued from the wild and are being rehabilitated. if you visit south padre island during the months of april through mid july you could watch for nesting sea turtles or even attend a hatchling release where you’ll see hundreds of tiny baby sea turtles making their way out to the water for the first time. this is truly a spectacular experience and makes for a great photo opportunity.
the world birding center located on south padre island is 50 acres of intertidal flats, native shrubs, and trees that are the first stop for the birds making the cross gulf migration from mexico and central america. warblers, tanagers, orioles, and thrushes are common to the wooded areas while the wetland areas are host to waterfowl, shorebirds, and even the endangered species of brown pelican, piping plover, and peregrine falcon. the birding center is also a great spot to see the island’s colorful array of butterflies.
the sand dunes north of city limits is a unique 30 mile undeveloped stretch of beach where visitors can see south padre island in it’s natural state - a place where you can truly step back in time and see the island as the early explorers once saw and described it. it is one of the few beaches in the united states where you can find such solitude, a perfect place for a quiet stroll down the beach, a great place for both sunning and shelling, viewing our stunning sunsets over the laguna madre bay, and a breathtaking peaceful sparkling night sky.




four seasons


while south padre island weather boasts a subtropical climate year round, there are four distinct tourism seasons here on the island.
summer - plan your summer vacation at south padre island, the best beach in texas! summer weather on the island is warm but not as hot as inland, with a refreshing breeze off the gulf of mexico. usually small waves with our turquoise blue water temperature in the 80's makes for very enjoyable swimming. we all have different ideas about the perfect beach vacation. south padre island offers activities and attractions for all interests, from fishing to sky diving, dolphin watch tours or the new sea turtle center. an island favorite activity might be to "hang ten" in a surfing lesson with south padre surf company, or perhaps a sand castle building lesson. go into the deep blue sea on a fishing charter, or saddle up for a horseback ride down the beach. south padre island is texas best beach vacation destination that is fun for the whole family!
fall - fall is our favorite season! the weather on the island is still summer-like, but the summer crowds have vanished. hotels are far cheaper in the fall and offer great deals, and you'll have the beach to yourself especially on weekdays. fall fishing season is also the most productive. its also the best time to explore the 30 miles of open undeveloped beaches north of the hotels, with tall sand dunes and incredible sunrise or sunset views over the gulf and laguna madre. with big savings, empty beaches, and a tropical atmosphere it's the best time to visit south padre island!
winter - with temperatures mostly in the 60's and 70's, south padre island is a great escape from the raw frigid cold of the rest of the country. many "winter texans" spend months at a time here. several beach from rv parks accomodate travelers, and you'll find great deals on extended stay lodging. there are many activities and events that are geared specifically for the enjoyment of our winter texans. the beaches on south padre island are perfect for strolling and collecting shells, surf fishing, or simply setting up a chair and umbrella and watching the waves roll in.
spring - spring break at south padre island was once a major event throughout the month of march. however, in recent years the crowds have greatly diminished. in fact the only time you will even notice is the second weekend of texas week when most of the events or spring break concerts happen. even then it is confined to certain areas. there are no longer traffic jams or long waits on the causeway. unfortunately, south padre will live with the reputation of years past until people realize that period in our island history is over. so, if you are wondering if its safe to bring your family for spring break, yes it is! easter and semana santa is also busy time here, with many visitors from mexico. weather in the spring is warming into the 70's and 80's, with water temps generally in the 70's.







 







spadre surfcam by south padre surf co.


see space x launches live cam.








text 512.825.2157 for
affordable condo deals





sunday-thursday deals
40% off weekend rates













south padre island beach,
surf and fishing reports

-->  



south padre island beach and surf report
by gene gore of south padre surf co. surf school







south padre island fishing report
to book your south padre island bay fishing charter with captain mike knox, call 1-956-243-0039 
lower laguna madre fishing report by blast to cast captain mike knox


blasttocast 11/26/24 the bay fishing has remained decent throughout the last month. the weather has been warmer this year and the fish are still active. catching speckled trout and redfish on both live and artificial baits. redfish are cruising the grass flats in search of easy meals. try fresh cut bait or soft plastics that resemble mullet or shrimp. speckled trout are hanging around the color changes. locate baitfish and the gamefish will be nearby. expect the bite to remain good as long as the warmer weather continues to develop. book me mike at blast to cast for the best south padre bay fishing guide service











 south padre island surfing report
by local ryan stackhouse

this week, the last week of july in 2024, we have had a return of swell here in south padre island. we have been surfing anywhere from shin high to chest high waves with regularity. water temps are in the mid to high 80s, which is refreshing yet warm. very clear water with beautiful colors and lots of dolphins playing in the waves with us surfers. the end of this week looks like a drop in the swell, but august and september usually mean good periods of swell as the cooler temps come.





local surf report
after a period of small to minimal surf, we finally got some waves today - be wetsuit ready! very fun, close to head high waves lined up with the offshore winds that blew lightly from northwest. we should see swell this week characterized by some north winds that are predicted. boca chica may be very fun this month! your local surfer broski - ryan stackhouse







book south padre luxury condos







book spring break south padre 2025








south padre island weather forecast





south padre island wind forecast



south padre weather




south padre island weather 











south padre surf forecast






south padre island surf report and forecast




















south padre island events






surfing lessons

south padre surf co. is the island's surf school. call or text 956-772-7272 for more information.
learn more 


fireworks

 learn more 

spacex starship testing

watch starship test launches at spacex boca chica, starbase spaceport live from labpadre space channel.
learn more 




surfing lessons voted best activity on south padre
surfing lessons, surfboard rentals, and surf camps available year round and fun for all ages!




1 hour surf lesson
learn to surf in one easy lesson! lessons are held in shallow water with safe soft surfboards. all ages are welcome. year-round.

$50 / person
more info






group surf lesson
ideal for bigger groups that want an exclusive surfing experience. we offer discounts for groups of 4 or more. church groups, boy or girl scouts, companies parties, conventions, spring breakers or bachelorette parties!
$ price per group
more info





3 hour surf camp
our popular 3 hour day surf camps are ideal for friends or family that want to have fun together! all ages, not just for kids. surf camp hours are 9am to noon, all summer and holidays.
$90 / person
more info






spacex at space padre island™













spacex news @spacepadreisle twitter

tweets by spacepadreisle 













welcome to south padre island, the best beach in texas! south padre island is located on the subtropical southern tip of texas. enjoy live south padre web cam views of spacex starship at boca chica with the starship cam™, our beautiful beaches with the south padre beach cam™, the surf in the gulf of mexico at isla blanca beach park and jetties with the south padre surf cam™, or the sunset over the laguna madre with the south padre bay cam™. check live south padre weather conditions and forecasts, and daily beach, surf and fishing report. book south padre island hotels, condos, and vacation rentals, check out south padre real estate listings, golf, watersports and activities, surfing lessons, surfboard rentals, sailing charters, kiteboarding lessons, sup rentals, dolphin watch, diving, snorkeling, parasailing, horseback rides, restaurants, rv parks, or charter a fishing trip. plan your family vacation, south padre island beach wedding, or spring break to south padre island on spadre.com! "space padre island™" is the best and closest public viewing area for starship rocket launches at spacex boca chica. starship hopper, starship, and super heavy booster spacecraft tests for missions to the moon and mars from boca chica. your best texas beach vacation choice is south padre island texas! est 2002, spadre.com is the most popular website for south padre island texas!
"starship cam™" , "space padre™" and "space padre island™" are business trademarks of spadre.com
for questions or advertising opportunities contact spadre.com
starship cam™, south padre surf cam™, south padre beach cam™, check out our spacex page here, airbnbs south padre island, and south padre bay cam™ are registered business trademarks of spadre.com © 2002-2022 sitemap






