








building secure software: a complete how-to guide on avoiding security problems in software design



















buildingsecuresoftware.com



home
about
contact us
tutorials








build secure software
a guide on security software problems








websites
having a secure website is crucial. without taking the steps to encrypt your site, you will lose traffic. learn easy ways to improve and make sure users trust your site.


web servers
nowadays, many companies and organizations store important information on web servers. what this means is web server security is important because you do not want unwarranted access to that information. this guide will teach you how to secure your web server.


security
this website will teach you the tools necessary to secure your software which will ensure anyone using it is safe from attackers.









cybersecurity and crytography
learn the basics of cybersecurity and cryptography. by reading the articles and tutorials on this website, you will gain the necessary knowledge to prepare yourself for security risks now and in the future. you will learn about cryptography and how you can integrate it into your website through encryptions. this website will teach you about the most common cybersecurity attacks and how to properly prepare your website from malicious code. 






building secure web servers
knowing how to set up a secure web server is very important. this will help keep thieves and malicious code out of your server and keep your website files secure. most people think that setting up a secure web server costs a lot of money, but it really doesn't. our pick for the most secure web hosting company is siteground. there are a lot of places online where you can find a coupon for siteground to keep costs down while keeping your website secure.






build a secure web server and software
start to learn the tools you will need to secure your webserver such as firewalls, vpns, and ssl/tls encryption. these tools are crucial when it comes to having a secure website and server. without them you are leaving yourself vulnerable to cyber attacks and other security issues. you want to give users the comfort of knowing that their information is safe on your website. along with web servers, learn the general knowledge of securing any software. by taking the proper steps, any software can be designed with security in mind. 






buffer overflow
understand how a buffer overflow can occur. buffer overflow is a software security issues that has been around for a very long time. through reading the tutorial, you will understand the basics of how these issues occur and how they can be prevented. don’t leave your ware vulnerable. take the proper steps necessary to secure it.  






securing e-commerce websites
when you have an ecommerce site and you're processing various transactions through the web, it's extremely important to have a secure website. there's no excuse when it comes to e-commerce for having a site that's vulnerable. because it can be hard to plug all of the security holes in an ecommerce website, we typically recommend using an ec-commerce sitebuilder like shopify or squarespace. if you're looking for a comparison these two giants, we recommend checking out the instructify's shopify and squarespace page. there, you'll be able to see how instructify breaks down each category and goes over some of the security features of each platform.







learn the proper steps to secure your software.









