


lakota tomahawks | youth football & cheer in west chester & liberty township









































 log in
 sign up






















lakota tomahawks
                              
                               
                                      

















registration
log in
sign up

about

about us
our mission
board of directors
our league
hall of fame



programs

football cheer
tackle football
quarterback training
receiver training


schedule

resources

league information


 registration











lakota tomahawks
youth football and cheer
learn more



 











              football cheer - registration is open!
          














              about us
          














              tackle football - registration is open!
          



























about us




since 1984, the lakota tomahawks youth football and cheer association has proudly served the children of the lakota local school district in west chester and liberty townships (southwest ohio). our mission is to provide the best youth tackle football and sideline cheer experiences, focusing on developing leadership, teamwork, and character in every child.as a volunteer-run organization, we are committed to supporting our community through positive youth sports experiences. whether your child is interested in football or cheer, we offer opportunities for kids to grow, excel, and be part of something special. join the tomahawks today and help shape the future of our youth athletes in west chester and liberty townships.register now – football and cheer sign-ups open!















              lakota tomahawks news
          








                    december 24, 2024
                

                  check out lakota east hs football
                








                    december 24, 2024
                

                  check out lakota west hs football
                









        follow lakota tomahawks 
      











×
oops!


you have unsaved elements

                        please save or cancel the pending changes to the elements within your page and then try saving again.
                    


okay















about us
the lakota tomahawks youth football and cheer proudly serve students in the lakota local schools district, providing the best youth tackle football and sideline cheer experience in the area!


contact
to contact the appropriate person, please visit the board of directors page under about.

        6797 lakota ln
        
        liberty township, oh 45044
        
    


powered by








©
                        
                        lakota tomahawks. all rights reserved.















refund policies
privacy policy
terms & conditions





confirm delete
        click the delete icon again to confirm. click escape to cancel.
    













