




videotext























































videotextabout us

our guarantee
about the author
reviews/testimonials

professional reviews
blogger reviews
user testimonials
submit a review




shop

“algebra: a complete course”
algebra extra print/video materials
“geometry: a complete course with trigonometry”
geometry extra print/video materials


our products

algebra: a complete course
geometry: a complete course
videotext helpline


faqs

algebra faqs
geometry faqs
online programs – faq


support & resources

extra practice problems
progress checklists
graph paper
dvd handling instructions
geometry errata
vti algebra pacing guides

vti algebra pacing – 1 year
vti algebra pacing – 2 years
vti algebra pacing – 3 years


vti geometry pacing guides

vti geometry pacing – 1 year
vti geometry pacing – 2 years


orientation packets
lesson plans
schools/co-ops


video & audio

is my child ready for videotext algebra?
geometry: a complete course video
what makes videotext different and unique?


contact us
december 13, 2024











what is videotext interactive?
algebra readiness, algebra 1 & algebra 2
an alternative approach to pre-algebra, algebra 1, or algebra 2!



the reason that we … click to learn more!geometry: a complete course
the geometry program addresses two of the most important aspects of mathematics … click to learn more!what is included in the programs?
is my student ready for algebra?
april 9, 2017  by videotext interactive this is a question that we often receive, and our answer sometimes surprises parents. students can be ready sooner than many parents realize. one reason directly relates to the videotext approach to the teaching of algebra. module a could be called “algebra readiness” because it re-teaches essential arithmetic concepts the way they will be used in a formal algebra course. this focus on the “why” behind each and every arithmetic procedure is the key to student understanding and success in algebra.
so, if you’re asking the question, “how do i know if my student is ready?”, consider this checklist:

even if your student has not completely mastered these arithmetic concepts, we will re-teach them as if they have never seen them before, using computer-generated graphics, animation and color-sequencing, to ensure their complete understanding.
remember, “it doesn’t have to be that hard when you use a video textbook!”
filed under: algebra 
contact information
support provided by memoria press
office hours: monday-friday 8-5 pm et
voice mail: 24 hours
phone: 1-800-algebra (254-3272)
email: customercare@videotext.com



our privacy policy

join our mailing list!






enter your name and email address below to sign-up for our mailing list and be notified of news, conventions near you, and possible offers!

	
* indicates required

email address  *




first name 



last name 





 






return to top of pagecopyright © 2024 · education child theme on genesis framework · wordpress · log in






skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset






feedbackfeedback 








