














home | dynamic graphics project

























































main menu
skip to primary content
skip to secondary content
home
people
research
news
about us
joining dgp
 







home


welcome to the dynamic graphics project lab of the university of toronto
dgp, short for the dynamic graphics project, is comprised of researchers spanning graphics, human-computer interaction, computer vision, and computational imaging. founded in 1967, our group seeks to push the limits of perception, interaction, and visual communication in order to engage people with digital media in ways that have never been seen before. our research has garnered multiple publication awards, academic fellowships and prizes, and even academy awards. our alumni have become faculty at top universities throughout the world (e.g., carnegie mellon, princeton, virginia) and leaders at major industrial research labs (e.g., adobe, autodesk, facebook/meta, google, pixar).









featured research





trading spaces: adaptive subspace time integration for contacting elastodynamics
we construct a subspace simulator that adaptively balances solution improvement against system size. the core components of our simulator are an adaptive subspace oracle, model, and parallel time-step solver algorithm. our in-time-step adaptivity oracle continually assesses subspace solution quality and candidate update proposals while accounting for temporal variations in deformation and spatial variations in material. in turn our adaptivity model is subspace agnostic. it allows application across subspace representations and expresses unrestricted deformations independent of subspace choice. we couple our oracle and model with a custom-constructed parallel time-step solver for our enriched systems that exposes a pair of user tolerances which provide controllable simulation quality. as tolerances are tightened our model converges to full-space solutions (with expected cost increases). on the other hand, as tolerances are relaxed we obtain output-bound simulation costs. we demonstrate the efficacy of our approach across a wide range of challenging nonlinear materials models, material stiffnesses, heterogeneities, dynamic behaviors, and frictionally contacting conditions, obtaining scalable and efficient simulations of complex elastodynamic scenarios. click here to see the project and paper.








fluid control with laplacian eigenfunctions
physics-based fluid control has long been a challenging problem in balancing efficiency and accuracy. we introduce a novel physics based fluid control pipeline using laplacian eigenfluids. utilizing the adjoint method with our provided analytical gradient expressions, the derivative computation of the control problem is efficient and easy to formulate. we demonstrate that our method is fast enough to support real-time fluid simulation, editing, control, and optimal animation generation. our pipeline naturally supports multi-resolution and frequency control of fluid simulations. the effectiveness and efficiency of our fluid control pipeline are validated through a variety of 2d examples and comparisons. click here to see the project page and paper.







news



prof. ahmed delivers keynote at pdc 2024
august 13, 2024
prof. ahmed was the opening keynote speaker at pdc 2024 in malaysia. pdc is one of the premier international conferences for participatory design research, so this speaking opportunity highlights prof. ahmed’s significant contributions to this research area. you can find … read more




adjunct prof. paul dietz featured for his animatronics workshop
july 12, 2024
adjunct prof. paul dietz was featured by the department of computer science for his work on an animatronics workshop. this workshop is a capstone course designed to encourage undergraduate students to explore how computer-based systems can bring stories to life … read more




profs. ahmed and chevalier receive tenure
july 1, 2024
congratulations to prof. ahmed and prof. chevalier on receiving tenure! more information on their promotions can be found here.




dgp has strong showing at chi 2024
may 9, 2024
dgp had a whopping 32 papers accepted to chi 2024, the premier conference for human-computer interaction research. these papers spanned various topics including ar/vr interaction, health tracking, community support systems, algorithmic fairness, and yes, llms. you can find the full … read more




otman benchekroun leads the first iteration of dgp academy
april 1, 2024
otman benchekroun led the creation of the first dgp academy, which offers high school students the opportunity to engage in hands-on computer graphics activities and get a comprehensive view of graduate studies. students learned about topics ranging from 3d printing … read more


 see more news






contact dgp



© 2025 dynamic graphics project. all rights reserved.
website created by home cooked website solutions inc.





