







official shrub.com blog – because we care about stuff





































 







official shrub.com blog
because we care about stuff









toggle navigation





about us
discussion rules
 

 





an open letter to intel regarding their support of #gamergate

 october 13, 2014january 21, 2015  tekanji 


dear intel,
recently your actions regarding #gamergate have come to my attention. first you you pulled gamasutra’s advertising campaign specifically because of complaints from supporters of gamergate (and then disingenuously tried to claim you weren’t “taking sides”) and then your twitter account, @intelgaming, was documented favorting tweets supporting intel’s decision to support gamergate by pulling the ads.
gamergate is a hate campaigned aimed at harassing women out of the games industry; it is organized and endorsed by people, mostly men, who vocally hate women and other marginalized groups. it is not just that they have spread lies about industry professionals to further their agenda, they have also made these women afraid for their lives. they use techniques like doxxing and death threats on popular targets–like anita sarkeesian and zoe quinn–not only to intimidate those women in particular but also to send a message to the rest of us. a message that tells us in no uncertain terms that we risk our lives by being a part of an industry that they consider to be for (cishet white) men, by (cishet white) men.
you want us to believe that you aren’t “taking sides” but your actions have shown quite clearly that you side with the harassers and abusers who are eager to hurt women like me because we threaten their perceived monopoly over the games industry. these men believe that, simply because of my gender, i don’t deserve to play games and i sure as hell don’t deserve to make them.
everything you have done, and not done, in response to gamergate has told me loud and clear that the gamergate supporters’ business is more important to you than my business, my job, and my safety. you have made it abundantly clear that the business of a vocal minority of misogynists is more important than the livelihood and safety of all women in the it industry.
i have had many computers over the years and most of them have used intel processors. i am the owner of a game-related startup and i chose intel for my business computers. but i can no longer in good conscience continue to support your company. you have lost my business by supporting a group that wants to see me leave the industry; a group that has more than a few members that wants to see me, and people like me, dead. from today forward, none of my computers will be intel. even if it is a hassle. even if it costs me more money or time. 
you have made your choice, and now i’m making mine.



archived posts, video games, video games 

anti-oppression activism, companies behaving badly 






some good reasons to avoid adobe cc

 june 3, 2014january 21, 2015  tekanji 


when adobe cc (aka. adobe creative cloud) first came out i was intrigued. as someone in software design myself, i am not inherently opposed to a monthly/yearly licensing system, although i believe it needs to be done right and it has to be an option provided alongside the traditional “buy this software once, own it forever” style licensing. while the cc service isn’t right for my personal use (i have a commercial-use cs5 master suite that suits my needs), i signed up my company for the creative cloud for teams version. although there were undeniably some advantages to the cc suite (being able to use the software on any computer made it easy for me to work from home), the overall negatives are so bad that i absolutely do not recommend it.
1. one plan does not fit all
despite numerous complaints about the lack of plan customizability, adobe seems to have no interest in offering their customers options on what software and how much cloud space they want. after using cc for a few months, i realized that the price (7,000 yen–approximately 70usd–per month, per license) was extremely high given that photoshop, illustrator, and indesign were the only software we were using. the 2gb cloud space was also not used, nor was there any need for it in the foreseeable future. ultimately, i realized that i had set myself up to waste a lot of money i couldn’t afford to spend because of the rigid pricing plan setup.
2. an untenable contract
when i was signing up i didn’t think much about the “required one year” contract (to be absolutely clear: the one year contract was mandatory for the type of service i signed up for; there was no “month-to-month” option).  continue reading 



archived posts, personal 

adobe 
1 comment






on slut-shaming, deleting comments, and respectful discourse

 march 3, 2011january 21, 2015  tekanji 


eta 2011/03/06: it turns out that my comments were marked as spam, not deleted; they have now been published. for some reason blogspot, unlike wordpress (which most of my experience is with), displays your comment as properly posted after you hit the “post comment” button, even when it’s been marked as spam. i’m leaving the post up, but most of what i was talking about no longer applies to this specific situation.
eta 2011/04/24: i am closing comments because at this point i don’t think there is any more productive discussion to be had on the subject. the last 2 or 3 comments, which have not made it past moderation because they have been in blatant violation of several of this blog’s discussion rules, have been nothing but abuse of me that ignores the fact that 1) i’ve made the above retraction, and 2) that wundergeek and i have resolved the situation amicably and with no hard feelings. this post will remain because i take responsibility for my words, even when i have said things that later turn out to be wrong, but as of now the subject is closed for discussion.
go make me a sandwich is a blog by an artist and gamer called wundergeek that’s starting to gain some readership and respect within the online feminist gamer community. i write this post because i feel that if i do not make a public record then many people in that community — a community i care very much about — may never be aware of the kinds of lines wundergeek draws when it comes to what she does, and does not, allow in her space.
this all began as me grumping on twitter about feminists who slut-shame (inspired in part because of how often i noticed while reading go make me a sandwich, which had made it to my “read sometimes” list, wundergeek calling scantily clad female characters sluts/slutty/etc) and progressed into an internet discussion/argument on slut-shaming language. i had been debating writing a comment calling wundergeek out on her slut-shaming. i have very little time to waste on futile efforts and while a feminist should understand how to gracefully take being called out, in my experience a lot of feminists just shut down and stick their fingers in their ears. after reading one of the posts i linked, maverynthia decided to call wundergeek out. the argument spilled over to a different post and because i had respect for wundergeek’s deconstructions of the depictions of female characters, figured (wrongly) that it was worth my time to try explaining the problem. continue reading 



archived posts, personal, sex, sexuality, and sexual politics 

popular culture 
10 comments






this is why i hardly read blogs anymore

 october 31, 2010january 21, 2015  tekanji 


in the past year the amount of (feminist) blogs that i read regularly, or even on an occasional basis, has shrunk to fit on one hand. literally, aside from keeping up with iris, the only blogs i regularly read are hoyden about town, the border house, geek feminism, sociological images, and shakesville. that’s it. there are a few more that i’ll browse when i’ve already read everything on the above blogs. 
until today, tiger beatdown was on the latter list. now, the writing style of the blog has always rubbed me a bit the wrong way because of how easy it is to cross the line from pointed sarcastic critique to being just plain mean. the posts i had read had seemed to be careful to keep it pointedly sarcastic, though, so i figured i’d stick to a casual readership until i had reason not to. continue reading 



archived posts, privilege, the evil -ism's 

anti-oppression activism, feminism, privilege 
6 comments






new post at better by design

 august 29, 2010january 21, 2015  tekanji 


just posting here to let everyone know that i’ve written a post about sexism in stardock’s new game elemental: war of magic over at better by design: stardock’s elemental and what it says about the state of games
here’s an excerpt:
the unit design chooses facial features (eyes, face shape, skin color, etc) randomly, but allows you to customize unit weapons, armor, equipment, clothing, and hair… but not sex. yes, you heard me: the unit design function does not enable you to choose the sex of your units. at least not by default. it turns out that only races who choose the egalitarian bonus (at the cost of one point) are able to have both male and female units. the campaign faction is not egalitarian; in fact, only the kingdom of tarth is. so, breaking down the makeup of the default factions: only 1 out of 10 of the factions (10% of the total factions) allows for the creation of female units, while 90% (9 factions) force male unit creation, and 0% (0 factions) force female unit creation.



archived posts, privilege, the evil -ism's, video games 

gender issues, link blogging, privilege 






moved to wpmu

 august 25, 2010january 21, 2015  tekanji 


some of you might notice that the blog has a new look; this is because i’ve moved over to wpmu and am using the new default wordpress theme. still busy with school, still no time to blog, though. sorry!
ps. for the first time in the blog’s history i’ve enabled user registration, so if you’re interested go ahead and sign up. this installation of wpmu uses buddypress, so registered users can have access to a few fun social networking style features. right now not much is set up, but if anyone wants to me add profile fields or whatever, leave a comment here or msg me and i’ll see what i can do.



administrative, archived posts 






brian ashcraft, let me do your homework for you

 april 7, 2010january 21, 2015  tekanji 


important notice: this post is several years old and may not reflect the current opinions of the author.
in kotaku’s grand tradition of shoddy reporting and lack of any decent research, brian ashcraft has written an impassioned but so supremely hypocritical article on the rapelay controversy (link roundup) that i felt compelled to briefly bring this blog temporary out of retirement in order to take it down. since this topic is triggering, the rest of the article will be behind the cut. continue reading 



archived posts 

japan, misogyny, rape 
11 comments






ableism is not feminism. spread the word.

 october 9, 2009january 21, 2015  tekanji 


i know this blog is in retirement (my internet time these days is practically nill), but when i saw meloukhia’s an open letter to feministing (hat-tip: hoyden about town) i had to cosign it.
yes, it’s that important.



archived posts, privilege, the evil -ism's 

anti-oppression activism, feminism, privilege 
2 comments






update on amazonfail

 april 14, 2009january 21, 2015  tekanji 


first off, it has been noted that the de-ranking wasn’t limited to glbt issues and erotica, but also notably affected books on disability and sexuality as well as feminist books, books on sexuality, and books on topics such as suicide prevention and rape.
in terms of the massive pr fail that has been going on, amazon went from the vague and not very credible “glitch” explanation to this:
 this is an embarrassing and ham-fisted cataloging error for a company that prides itself on offering complete selection.
it has been misreported that the issue was limited to gay & lesbian themed titles – in fact, it impacted 57,310 books in a number of broad categories such as health, mind & body, reproductive & sexual medicine, and erotica. this problem impacted books not just in the united states but globally. it affected not just sales rank but also had the effect of removing the books from amazon’s main product search.
many books have now been fixed and we’re in the process of fixing the remainder as quickly as possible, and we intend to implement new measures to make this kind of accident less likely to occur in the future. 
here are some good posts that point out the flaws with amazon’s explanation:
this is not a glitch, #amazonfail
seattle pi has new #amazonfail statement
amazon’s censorship sparks angry protests
amazon rep: this was not a “glitch”
amazon is embarrassed by “ham-fisted cataloging error”
there’s also the disconcerting parallel between the pattern of the feature/glitch/whatever showing up on books from smaller presses first and only after some time has passed does it start showing up on books where people are likely to notice. as lilith saintcrow explains:
now. do you remember the amazon pod fiasco? cliffs notes version: amazon tried to take over a significant chunk of the print-on-demand industry by quietly removing “buy” buttons from small-press pod publishers who didn’t use amazon’s pod service. the buttons would come back–if you switched to amazon’s pod service, in essence giving them a bigger cut. it was greed pure and simple, and they started it with smaller presses and only backed off when there was a bit of a hullabaloo and larger presses (who still use pod technology) banded together to tell amazon where to stick it.
we have the same pattern with amazonfail. first very small press/authors are targeted, probably to gauge how big of a stink they’ll raise. if amazon is not convinced the outcry will outweigh the (perhaps perceived) profits, it slowly mounts until amazon has captured what it wants. the fact that amazon has shot itself in the foot with this does not mean it wasn’t a deliberate step taken with another end in mind.
we also need to examine the implications behind amazon having paid someone money to code this feature — regardless of whether this incident was a policy, a “glitch”, a mistake or whatever. patrick does this in his post amazonfail & the cost of freedom:
think for a second about what amazon did here.  in the world of ecommerce, the search is king.  almost everybody who shops online visits a site to find a specific product.  by intentionally obscuring and manipulating the search results of your site, you are making a clear statement:  we don’t want you to read these books.  i can tell you from experience that if something is difficult to find through a search, it will not sell.  not only was this a suspicious action on amazon’s part, it had the potential to be very “successful” (ie, it would’ve greatly decreased the sales of those titles).
after quoting the above, lilith saintcrow responds with:
exactly. this powerful weapon was created for a reason. no company spends money on a tool that powerful that they don’t intend on using. a huge squawk over it being used improperly one time will not stop it from being used improperly in the future as soon as the hubbub dies down–but greater choice in internet suppliers might.
in terms of how i’m feeling about the issue, amazon isn’t getting my money even if it does offer an apology. i feel pretty much the way that are pretty much summed up in kelley eskridge’s take on amazonfail from a managerial perspective:
 amazon is perceived right now as everything from deeply clueless to desperately stonewalling to deliberately deceptive. and of all the errors you can make as a manager, this is the worst — to communicate in a way that distances people even further. amazon will never fully regain credibility with many of its customers, and they have no one to blame but themselves. they gave a generic “daddy’s working on it” answer to a deeply divisive situation; they communicated “at” stakeholders instead of directly to them, on their own online turf; and they have so far refused to engage with the notion that people aren’t just curious or concerned, they are offended.
lilith saintcrow’s amazonfail-related entries is probably the most comprehensive breakdown i’ve seen yet and i would highly recommend reading through all of them.



archived posts, books, magazines, etc., sex, sexuality, and sexual politics, the evil -ism's 

companies behaving badly, discrimination, feminism 






amazon censors women and queer people

 april 12, 2009january 21, 2015  tekanji 


so, i’m sure everyone has heard by now, but amazon has recently made the decision to remove the sales rankings of so-called “adult” books in order to ensure that they don’t show up in some searches (like the default search) and bestseller lists.
their rationale? the censoring books primarily written by and for queer people (and, in the case of erotica, some non-queer women as well) was done “[i]n consideration of our entire customer base”:
“in consideration of our entire customer base, we exclude “adult” material from appearing in some searches and best seller lists. since these lists are generated using sales ranks, adult materials must also be excluded from that feature.”
just to be clear, the criteria for the “adult” material that they’re using is pretty damn sketchy:
but as an online petition points out the following publications remain on the sales ranking system:
-playboy: the complete centerfolds by chronicle books (pictures of over 600 naked women)
–rosemary rogers’ sweet savage love” (explicit heterosexual romance);
–kathleen woodiwiss’ the wolf and the dove (explicit heterosexual romance);
–bertrice smal’s skye o’malley which are all explicit heterosexual romances
–and alan moore’s lost girls (which is a very explicit sexual graphic novel)
while the following lgbt books have been removed:
–radclyffe hill’s classic novel about lesbians in victorian times, the well of loneliness, and which contains not one sentence of sexual description;
–mark r probst’s ya novel the filly about a young man in the wild west discovering that he’s gay (gay romance, no sex);
–charlie cochrane’s lessons in love (gay romance with no sex);
–the dictionary of homophobia: a global history of gay & lesbian experience, edited by louis-george tin (non-fiction, history and social issues);
–and homophobia: a history by bryan fone (non-fiction, focus on history and the forms prejudice against homosexuality has taken over the years).
there’s already a push to google bomb them by creating the phrase “amazon rank” as a synonym for being censored in regards to queer and/or erotic material (with careful attention to inconsistent logic). it’s made at least one newspaper, a letter writing campaign, and there’s even an online petition.
here’s the letter i wrote to their customer service:
to whom it may concern,
i am one of the many who was shocked and disappointed by amazon’s recent decision to remove the sales rankings of certain books in order to keep them from showing up on most searches and bestseller lists. as i am sure many others have said, the criteria for “adult” that the company has chosen to apply is inconsistent and ill-thought-out. regardless of intention, the result of this decision was to further marginalize already marginalized groups such as women and queer people while leaving the explicit material of privileged groups such as men and heterosexuals largely untouched.
i find this level of lack of foresight and competence in a company unacceptable.  for a web-based company, the decision to change even one part of the fundamental structure of its website is something that needs to be undertaken with great caution, thought, and care. in this case, before anything was done those in charge needed to clearly define the criteria for labeling a product “adult”, doing everything possible to ensure that said definition was as internally consistent and free of bias as possible.
by focusing on queer books (regardless of actual explicit content) and erotica (a genre with primarily female authors) while leaving clearly explicit but more normalized versions of “adult” material intact, amazon has created an image for itself as a company that supports homophobia and sexism. i may be only one person, but i am still part of amazon’s “entire customer base” and i do not feel that amazon took my interests into “consideration” at all when the decision was made to make it harder for me to find books on queer theory, dvds about the queer experience, and depictions of romance and sex written by women for women.
before this happened i had intended to make a sizable purchase of various books, dvds, and games from your site, but i cannot in good conscience support your site while this policy is in effect. i hope that this decision will be rescinded quickly with a full public apology given to the authors whose sales you have hurt and the customers who you have inconvenienced, and that any further consideration into the separation of adult material from non-adult material will be undertaken with much more deliberation and care than was taken with the current policy.
sincerely,
andrea rubenstein
amazon’s doing this has, obviously, pissed me off. even more so because, living in japan, i don’t have easy access to the kinds of english books and dvds that i consume on a regular basis and therefore was gearing up to do a major purchase so my dad could bring it to me when he comes to visit. now i need to take my shopping elsewhere, which will create more hassle for me than working with a company that already has my information on file. but, really, when the decision comes down to hassle versus supporting a company that obviously disdains me and my interests i’ll take the former any day.
for those of you interested in knowing more, here’s a link farm.
via tamora pierce.



archived posts, books, magazines, etc., censorship, privilege, sex, sexuality, and sexual politics, the evil -ism's 

anti-oppression activism, companies behaving badly, gender issues, privilege, queer issues 
2 comments




posts navigation

  older posts






search for:











popular
recent






some good reasons to avoid adobe cc

                                    jun 3, 2014                                




 

"check my what?" on privilege and what we can do about it

                                    mar 8, 2006                                




on slut-shaming, deleting comments, and respectful discourse

                                    mar 3, 2011                                




an open letter to intel regarding their support of #gamergate

                                    oct 13, 2014                                




moderation and free discussion

                                    jun 8, 2006                                






an open letter to intel regarding their support of #gamergate

                                    oct 13, 2014                                




some good reasons to avoid adobe cc

                                    jun 3, 2014                                




on slut-shaming, deleting comments, and respectful discourse

                                    mar 3, 2011                                




this is why i hardly read blogs anymore

                                    oct 31, 2010                                




new post at better by design

                                    aug 29, 2010                                






                            gina on                            
                                some good reasons to avoid adobe cc                            

                            wow, that sounds horrifyingly awful. even more than usual!                            (...)                            




                            (le côté technique)> the nymwars + les identités numériques on                            
                                "check my what?" on privilege and what we can do about it                            

                            [...] un nom est un privilège, une loi particulière, en                            (...)                            




                            rosy on                            
                                think women have achieved equality? think again.                            

                            29.it is not seen as sex discrimination to include harmful                            (...)                            




                            google+ and my “real” name: yes, i’m identity woman – identity woman on                            
                                "check my what?" on privilege and what we can do about it                            

                            [...] geek feminism goes on to share this: many people,                            (...)                            




                            steuard on                            
                                "check my what?" on privilege and what we can do about it                            

                            thank you for writing the most accessible introduction to                            (...)                            






archives archives

select month
 october 2014 
 june 2014 
 march 2011 
 october 2010 
 august 2010 
 april 2010 
 october 2009 
 april 2009 
 february 2009 
 december 2008 
 october 2008 
 september 2008 
 august 2008 
 july 2008 
 june 2008 
 may 2008 
 april 2008 
 march 2008 
 february 2008 
 january 2008 
 december 2007 
 november 2007 
 october 2007 
 september 2007 
 august 2007 
 july 2007 
 june 2007 
 may 2007 
 april 2007 
 march 2007 
 february 2007 
 january 2007 
 december 2006 
 november 2006 
 october 2006 
 september 2006 
 august 2006 
 july 2006 
 june 2006 
 may 2006 
 april 2006 
 march 2006 
 february 2006 
 january 2006 
 december 2005 
 november 2005 
 october 2005 
 september 2005 
 august 2005 
 july 2005 
 june 2005 
 may 2005 
 april 2005 
 march 2005 



february 2025


m
t
w
t
f
s
s




 12


3456789


10111213141516


17181920212223


2425262728
 



« oct
 
 
tagsabuse, rape, and domestic violence
advertising
anti-oppression activism
australia
canada
carnivals; blog against -ism days; etc.
childfree
classism
companies behaving badly
discrimination
disney
domestic violence
feminism
film and televison
gender caste
gender cultism
gender democracy
gender essentialism
gender issues
girlfriend lists
guest post
japan
link blogging
masculinities
media and journalism
misogyny
multiculturalism
politics
pop-science
popular culture
privilege
queer issues
racism
rape
religion
reproductive rights
science
series: women and violence
sexual harassment
sexual health
skepticism
studies
the beauty myth
usa
war on non-christians
 








official shrub.com blog.  all rights reserved.					unite theme powered by wordpress.				










