


after-death communication (adc): hello from heaven! by bill and judy guggenheim




















 
homesearchfeedback
 


after-death communication





about this site

news & events

bookstore

message board

memorials

guest book

articles

resources

links

contact us




















thank you!
thank you for visiting our website.  when hello from heaven! was published in 1995, after-death communication (adc) experiences began receiving worldwide acceptance. today, knowledge of adcs is benefiting millions of people – especially those who are grieving the death of a loved one – as it provides them with comfort, hope, and healing.
thank you to everyone who has read hello from heaven! and shared its information with others.  with your support, the book will continue to transform the awareness of readers, as it affirms the essential spiritual message:  life and love are eternal.
 -- judy guggenheim & bill guggenheim, coauthors of hello from heaven!




submit your adcs here

dedication to adc web site




			an after-death communication (adc) is a spiritual experience,
			which occurs when you are contacted directly and spontaneously by a deceased family
			member or friend, without the use of psychics, mediums, rituals, or devices
			of any kind. it's estimated that 60-120 million americans - 20-40% of the
			population of the united states - have had one or more adc experiences.
			therefore, adcs provide convincing new evidence for life after death.
		

the adc project was created in may, 1988 to conduct
			the first in-depth research of after-death communications. the founders, bill guggenheim and judy
			guggenheim, interviewed 2,000 people who live in all 50 american states and the 10 canadian provinces.
			they collected more than 3,300 firsthand accounts from people who believe they have been contacted by a
			loved one who had died.
		

hello from heaven!
			is the first book ever written that documents this exciting new field of research.
			published by bantam books, it contains 353 firsthand poignant and deeply comforting adc accounts.
			the paperback edition is available at all major bookstores in the united states and
			canada. it is also available in the united kingdom and throughout the commonwealth, as
			well as in dutch, german, italian, japanese, polish, slovak, slovene and portuguese editions.
		

hello from heaven! paperback only $7.99 us or $10.99 can


			
		    
	
		    
	
		    
	
		    
	

		    
	
		    
	
		    
	
		    
	
		    
	
		    
	
		    
	
		    
	
		    
	


		





bill guggenheim









judy guggenheim






					hear a remarkable new song, until we're together again.
					
					it's an adc set to music. it offers comfort, hope, and healing to everyone
					
					who has ever grieved the death of a loved one. cds are available for purchase now.
				












this site is best experienced with:






microsoft internet explorer

version 5.5 or higher




mozilla firefox

version 1.5 or higher




screen resolution: 800 x 600 or higher

screen colors: 16-bit or higher













 
 




copyright © 1995 - 2025 the adc project.  all rights reserved.
webmaster:  will guggenheim


 
homesearchfeedback
 









