







welcome to bu source gmbh
























































 








		zum inhalt springen










 





who we are
what we do
events
contact
 





 







 







main menu

 

















 





who we are
what we do
events
contact
 





 







 







main menu

 
















 











 our expertiseyour success sourcing of high quality productsreliable and sustainable service respect to our customers needstechnical support and consultingsincerity 


 

 














your global partner for
efficient sourcing and consulting 











industrial specialties for polymer production 



essential petrochemical and polyolefin manufacturing and processing aids like catalyst raw materials, components and polymer additives. 



 







specialty chemicals for other industries 



high-end specialties for demanding customers in selected market segments like organic intermediates. 



 











history 











bu source gmbh was founded in 2016 by industry experts with long-term experience in business development, marketing and technology.our solid background is in the area of organometallic specialty products, polymer additives, pharma and fine chemicals.we provide distinguished sourcing and consulting services in the business segments of specialty chemicals and industrial specialties. 
















who we are 











dr. joachim brüggenwerth,
managing director 



helds a phd degree in organic chemi­stry from the uni­versity of bielefeld, germany and started his career in the waste management industry as project manager of new recycling technologies in 1994.

in 1999 he went to elf atochem/ atofina/ arkema as key account and business development manager for functional polyolefins and high performance polymers.

from 2009 to 2013 he had the position as global business development manager at chemtura organometallics gmbh.

in 2014 he was working as sourcing and contract manager for a korean company. at the same time bu source was founded which then transferred into bu source gmbh in 2016.								







dr. wolfram uzick,
managing director 



helds a phd degree in organic chemistry from the technical university of dortmund, germany and started his career in the chemical industry in 1986 as r&d team leader at former schering ag, germany, now bayer healthcare. later, he had several positions with increasing responsibility in r&d and technology at former witco and crompton corporation., which became chemtura corporation.from 2012 to 2014 he was global marketing manager at chemtura organometallics gmbh. he has indepth technical  knowledge, managerial and commercial skills in the areas of olefin polymerization, catalysis, organic synthesis and fine chemicals also including quality assurance and regulatory aspects.from 2008 to 2017 he was also board member of vaa – association of managers in the german chemical industry. 











how we work 











the mission of bu source gmbh is to provide reliable service, covering sourcing and market development for high-quality products.our service includes consulting and technical support as per our customers request.bu source gmbh has a strong customer-oriented focus with long-term experience, efficiency and reliability. in addition the company takes advantage of quick decision-making and a minimum level of bureaucracy.bu source gmbh is working with reliable and well established manufacturing partners with international supply experience.hence, the value offered to customers is based on a unique combination of competitive pricing, technical expertise, market knowledge and responsiveness to customers needs. 







 
















consulting and project management 











customers of bu source take advantage of a total of more than 50 years of experience of the owners in various commercial and technical management positions in the chemical industry.
the service of bu source comprises consulting covering specific commercial and market related aspects as well as technical and application related questions and may be extended to longer-term consulting programs and complete projects.
areas of consulting and project management include but are not limited to consumer products, organometallic chemistry, olefin polymerization, petrochemicals and catalysis.
the real needs and the success of our customers is the most important driver for all we are doing at bu source.
our expertise: your success 







 
















speciality chemicals for other industries 











 







based on marketing expertise as well as knowledge covering quality assurance and regulatory aspects bu source is working with reliable and experienced manufacturing partners for high-value fine chemicals.our customers can choose the most suitable service package for their particular requirements. please feel free to let us know your specific product and consulting needs. 
















industrial specialties 











based on expert knowledge in olefin polymerization catalysis, polyolefin processing and knowledge of global polymer markets, including major polyolefin process licenses, bu source offers distinguished consulting and project management.examples are tuning of ziegler-natta polypropylene catalysts with external stereomodifiers or introduction and optimization of so-called “single-site” catalysts.in order to provide efficient sourcing services for high-quality catalyst products and processing aids, bu source is working with reliable and experienced manufacturing partners, predominantly in asia, with sufficient capacity to meet our customers demand.quality assurance according to international standards, like en 14000; iso 9001 / 9002 is in place, of course. we combine competitive pricing with technical support and consulting according to our customers needs.finally, our customers can choose the most suitable service package for their specific needs.please feel free to contact us with your product and consulting requirements. 







 











petrochemical 











fixed bed refining catalysts 



molecular sieve adsorbents: crystalline alumo silicate or synthetic zeolithes, activated alumina.inhibitors.antifoulants for atmospheric and vacuum distillation.denox, desox, combustion promotion additives.desulphurizing catalysts.selected specialty solvents. 







 











polymerization 











ziegler-natta catalyst components 



ziegler-natta catalysts are mostly based on titanium tetrachloride resp. titanium trichloride as so-called “pro-catalyst” and an inorganic support material, providing specific surface properties which are important for generation of polymer particles with suitable morphology.bu source offers titanium tetrachloride, titanium trichloride and magnesium dichloride suitable for high-mileage ziegler-natta catalysts. these components can be supplied separately or as blend, also in an inert catalyst-grade hydrocarbon diluent.external stereomodifiers (“external donors”)  are beneficial catalyst additives for polypropylene processes provided by major licensors in order to improve polypropylene properties like stereospecifity and comonomer incorporation while maintaining proper process control and productivity.bu source offers a range of the most important silane-based donorswith excellent quality and free of potentially toxic aromatic building blocks.bu source also offers technical, applicational and market consultingin order to optimize the commercial feasibilty of certain catalyst solutions according to customers requirements. 







 











 







single-site catalyst components
 



metallocenes are essential components for so-called “single-site” catalysts for manufacture of tailored value-added polyolefins like linear low-density polyethylene (lldpe) for food packaging and agricultural film, high-density polyethylene (hdpe) for pipe extrusion, specialty grade polypropylenes, polyolefin elastomers and alpha-olefins.bu source offers a range of important cyclopentadiene-based and indene-based (non-stereorigid, stereorigid) metallocenes for a variety of applications in conjunction with methylaluminoxane (“mao”)or borane-based activators.for metallocene manufacturing suitable precursors (“ligand” materials) are available, too.bu source also offers technical, applicational and market consultingin order to optimize the commercial feasibility of certain catalyst solutions according to customers requirements. 











polymer processing 











polyolefin additives 



in europe we as bu source are representing a leading producer of polyolefin additives from china.our partner supplies major groups in the international market incl. south korea, thailand, middle east and europe since more than 15 years.the product portfolio comprises: primary and secondary antioxidantsphenolic and phosphite antioxidants to prevent degradation during processing and long term exposure to environmental conditions.hindered amine light stabilizer (hals)amines based stabilizers are efficient radical scavengers and function by inhibiting degradation of polymers upon exposure to light.uv-absorber to lower degradation rate of polymers by absorbing and minimizing the radiation effect of uv-light.slip agents to provide advantageous properties for fast and efficient processing.nucleating agents to improve the clarity of polypropylene resins which is important for transparent film and other pp application.all products are available in different physical shapes from granule to powder.in addition to the individual grade we offer such essential additives asdust-free one-pack (dfo) according to customers demand:primary ao + secondary aoprimary ao + secondary ao + neutralizerprimary ao + secondary ao + neutralizer + clarifier/nucleatorprimary ao + secondary ao + neutralizer + antistatic agentprimary ao + secondary ao + neutralizer + hals + anti uv agentprimary ao + secondary ao + neutralizer + special additivesdfo grades are available in small cylinders shape, pls. see picture below.please contact us for more information! 







 



 



 
















events  











 







k 2022 



we would be glad to meet you on the upcoming event:k-show, duesseldorf, germany, the world’s no. 1 trade fairfor plastics and rubberhttps://www.k-online.com19-26 october 2022, düsseldorf, germany 
















contact  














 




							+49 2233 5417623+49 5423 951675						














 




							info@busource.com						














 




							bu source gmbhmohrenstr. 11–1750670 köln						














 








 




who we are
what we do
events
contact
 












copyright © 2025 bu source gmbh
 



site notice
privacy policy
 







nach oben scrollen























