
















nelson construction & development – a design-build general contractor for commercial and industrial construction. features project portfolio, testimonials, and client access area.





















































we're hiring - view open positions
investor portal









development
construction

projects
news




                            company                        



overview
our story
leadership












careers
contact























                    nelson construction & development                
nelson is an award-winning construction and development company.
nelson construction & development is a real estate developer, investor, and general contractor located in des moines, iowa.

view projects
learn more











                    / expertise                
solving problems through real estate and design.








 

 

                                            / 01                                        

development


                                                read more                                            

 








 

 

                                            / 02                                        

construction


                                                read more                                            

 








 

 

                                            / 03                                        

our story


                                                read more                                            

 



















                / focus            
quality design and construction that will stand the test of time








                        / 01                    

multifamily 
nelson has developed everything ranging from greenfield multifamily to extremely challenging urban infill projects.with a long and varied background in multifamily developments, nelson stays on the cutting edge of ever-evolving multifamily trends and mechanisms of financing.
 
                                view projects                             








                        / 02                    

senior living
the senior housing team at nelson understands successful real estate projects solve problems. each market is hand-selected through a rigorous vetting process leveraging both national firms and local experts to identify underserved areas.
on average, only one out of every 25 markets we look at contains the key demographic indicators and the right site to suggest something truly special is possible.
 
                                view projects                             












            / stats        


over two decades of providing innovative development.



                            years in business                        

                            25                        



                            projects                        

                            57                        



                            in states                        

                            5                        



                            square feet                        

                            5mm+                        



                            team members                        

                            35                        




nelson construction & development is a real estate developer, investor, and general contractor located in des moines, iowa. our twenty-two years of work include more than 5,000,000 square feet and over $1 billion in both ground-up new construction as well as major award-winning historic renovations. our work spans many states, including iowa, nebraska, illinois, minnesota, and kansas with a focus on multifamily apartments, senior living assisted living and memory care units, as well as various hotel, retail, parking garage, and office projects.
learn more








take a scroll.
view current and future nelson projects on an interactive map.


view map






our recent projects























































                / latest projects            
explore our most recent work.
view all projects











st. cloud, mn



st. cloud recovery center 









columbus, in



columbus recovery center 















mishawaka, in



mishawaka recovery center 









iowa city, ia



thrivenow – iowa city 














                    / our team                
decades of experience.








                    mike nelson                

                    president & owner                






                    david siegel                

                    asset manager                    
email david







                    alexander grgurich                

                    director of development                    
                    chief operating officer                    
email alexander







                    jacob wolfgang                

                    director of development                    
email jacob







                    brian schall                

                    director of development                    
email brian










                    / testimonials                













" 
lsb has enjoyed a long and mutually beneficial relationship with nelson development for many years. as a lender, i have found that their vast experience and knowledge of commercial development has made partnering with nelson development immensely easier than most developers. their knowledge of the market, their in-depth analysis of the project and their expertise and putting together bank lendable commercial development projects makes them a valuable partner to lsb.we look forward to a continued long and prosperous relationship with nelson development.




                                        michael urquhart, vp of commercial lending                                    




01 
                                    / 02                                












" 
the estimators at nelson construction have done a better job than peer firms in projecting costs, holding prices, and avoiding gc-driven change orders. mike nelson and alexander grgurich a great developers in their own right. whenever i have had questions about my direction, they have provided wise counsel. nelson construction is a great firm and i plan to work with them again in the future.




                                         frank levy, president of newbury living                                    




02 
                                    / 02                                



















join our team.
we're always searching for creative talent that wants to perform at the highest levels of construction and development.


view open positions
learn more








follow our progress.
@nelsonconstruct on instagram










 follow on instagram
















we are a real estate developer, investor, and general contractor located in des moines, iowa.









development
construction
projects
news
careers
contact




                            contact us                        
info@nelsonconstruct.com
515.457.9000



                            location                        
405 6th avenue, suite 201des moines, ia 50309









© all rights reserved.
















