


sport aviation specialties- dar services, ls repairman courses, slsa consulting, & pre-purchase inspection






 
  
sport aviation specialties dar 
services * light-sport repairman courses * slsa consulting
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
g. 
michael huffman sport aviation specialties, llc 1512 
game trail lawrenceville, ga 30044 
770-548-1206  
copyright © 2005 - 2021 g. michael huffman all rights 
reserveddisclaimer: 
faa regulations, orders, policies, astm publications, and other documents are 
subject to change and interpretation. any information on this site that pertains 
to those documents is for reference only. it is the responsibility of visitors 
to verify all such information with the faa or astm.site 
optimized for 800 x 600 display 
welcome 
to sport aviation specialties!
 our 
business is providing services to the aviation community, including:
   designated 
airworthiness representative (dar) services, including: issuing 
original/amended/recurrent/replacement airworthiness certificates for standard 
aircraft/engines/props, all experimental subcategories, amatuer-built, and light 
sport aircraft.   performing 
conformity inspections for faa/caa type certification, stc, and other design approval 
programsissuing 
original/recurrent domestic and export airworthiness approval for articles
 experimental 
light sport aircraft repairman training courses--training owners to perform their 
own annual condition inspections  consulting 
with manufacturers of special light-sport aircraft (slsa)
 for 
information on these services, click the links at left. if you don't find what 
you are looking for, please don't hesitate to phone or email us.
testimonials--how 
our customers like our services     "just 
a note to say thank you for helping me license the first e-lsa trike in oklahoma 
and making sure we got it done before the deadline that grounded all those other 
guys. as reported in the march 2006 sport pilot, it was really a hoot to 
fly it into tulsa international airport legally!" i 
just wanted to add one additional “thank you” after the class. you did 
a great job. what i was most impressed with is that even though you do not fly 
a ppc you did your homework and continue to be engaged in the ppc world with your 
internet inquiries. i have taught at the university for more than 20 years, and 
i think i am pretty good at what i do (at least the student evaluations indicate 
that i am!). teaching is an art and a skill. you have both qualities. taking the 
course rejuvenated my interest in ppc’s and flying. when i do my annual in 
a few weeks, i am confident that i will make some improvements to what i thought 
was a very thorough modification/upgrade that i completed prior to getting my 
n number. what i learned in the course will guide me for years. thanks again!
"thanks 
for coming to teach the e-lsa repairman's class. i was very pleased with the content 
and thoroughness of the course. you made the material easy to understand and kept 
things moving at a good pace. i will recommend your course to my fellow flyers. 
thanks much!"  "again 
i want to thank you for giving such outstanding presentations at the recent elsa 
repairman course. at 81 i'm not the swiftest thinker but found the course very 
interesting and your teaching and instruction made it even more so. over the years 
i have attended many presentations of various kinds and courses related to aviation 
and commerce. none came up to your standard. i just wanted you to know my deep 
appreciation."  "i 
just wanted to take a minute and thank you for the class this past weekend in 
scottsburg. i felt like i took a lot home with me and i feel like i have a much 
better understanding than when i went in. with my background in nascar, i've been 
around mechanical work all of my life. i've had 6 years in research and development 
and structural fatigue testing for the major automotive companies so i'm not new 
to the papertrail that's involved with the mechanical end of things.....but the 
aviation world is a a totally different game all together. some areas are more 
"involved" and in other areas it's not. but it's still different no 
matter how you look at it and i'm glad that i was able to attend your class at 
the last moment. i really like the way you conduct class. we covered a lot of 
material in two days but i don't feel like i just read through the book and didn't 
retain anything. i'm really satisfied with the class and look forward to more 
in the future." "i 
just wanted to say thank you for the excellent job you did in presenting the course. 
it is very easy to learn about something when the teacher knows the facts and 
also knows how to communicate them. i have been in some training classes where 
the instructor knew his stuff but didn't know how to pass it on effectively. well, 
i am on my way out to the hangar (about 75ft) to start going over my s6es to make 
sure that it will pass the dar inspection when i have it done."
"after 
today, i will have my first annual condition inspection done. the course tuition 
was paid for with my first year savings. besides that i have no idea where i would 
have gotten a inspection around here. thanks!" "just 
a short note to let you know that i received my sport pilot lisense on aug. 31, 
and got my plane certificated on sept 25, and it is now n-xxxx. thanks for all 
of your help with the paperwork and the repairman course." 
"i 
got my challenger inspected last month as an elsa. thanks for all your advice. 
i showed the inspector several articles you wrote for sport pilot magazine 
over the last year…very helpful!" "overall 
it was really good. the course was very informative. i learned a lot and feel 
that i can inspect an aircraft properly."  "good 
course! it will be useful in my future safe flying."  "very 
good presentation, particularly since this was the first delivery of the course."
  "just 
a note to say thanks for your presentation these last two days. your knowledge 
and enthusiasm for the subject was outstanding. it was a great learning and discovery 
experience. the conclusion of the course was not an ending, but a beginning for 
me to continue the learning process."  "i 
want to compliment you on the quality of the presentation--it was great learning 
and a lot of fun!"  "...presented 
in an easy-to-understand, non-threatening way." 
"the 
instruction, materials and exercises did a very good job in preparing students 
for the test."    
"very well done course. i am an instructor in several subjects and mr. huffman 
is to be commended on this course."  "excellent 
presentation!" "i 
came in with little knowledge of inspection techniques and am confident i can 
do an annual condition inspection. mike huffman is an excellent presenter who 
transfers his knowledge of every topic to his audience." 
 
"our instructor, although an obvious subject master, welcomed comments and 
observations from the student group who had considerable experience in the small 
aircraft realm." "content 
was great. lectures were on point/efficient. slides were dead on, the best. practical 
exercises were the best i could ever imagine..clever, well executed, comprehensive 
and to the point, driving home all the stuff in the book.."  
 "the 
ppc class was excellent! i like the way you present things and your knowledge 
in the field of aviation was very apparent. i have highly recommended the class 
to others."  "thank 
you for a most informative and well disseminated course. i learned a lot and i 
am eager to put my new found knowledge to the test." 
"thanks 
for a most excellent course last week end at la grange. feel that i learned a 
lot about my future inspection work." "thought 
the course was great and especially enjoyed the 'hands-on' modules. thanks!
 we 
look forward to serving you. thanks for visiting!mike
  home 
- dar services - 
lsa repairman courses - slsa consulting
 gallery - useful 
information - about us  - articles 
- oklahoma aviator



