












dancescape.org endowment fund - burlington community foundation | enriching the quality of life of people through arts & culture, recreation, and health support services



















 











 



home
about
fundraising
burlington community foundation
dancescape.com
contact
 
navigation





 


 
 
 







thank you so much to the american women’s club of oakville for inviting @dancescape to speak this morning, and for your kind donation to the dancescape endowment fund. special thanks to tracy hudson for organizing this talk about #lifelessons from the ballroom! thanks also to students who came out to support the event,...



dancescape is pleased to support “swing out to victory” fundraiser for the canadian warplane heritage museum through ticket sales from students, as well as silent auction donations. this social dance event is unique in that it is located inside an airplane hanger (at the john c. munro hamilton international airport...



koogle is a professional theatre group based in burlington, ontario run by husband/wife team, leslie & christopher gray. dancescape was pleased to support the event by promoting to students as well as purchasing tickets to the event. on saturday, october 5th, koogle presented an evening of cabaret at the burlington...



dancescape sponsored the sunday, june 23rd session of dancetone qigong (tai chi) and presented dancetone yoga on sunday, july 28th at the burlington downtown business association (bdba)’s “fit in the core” fitness program, held at civic square, 426 brant street, beside city hall in downtown burlington, ontario. this...



dancescape was a supporter of tottering biped theatre during its inaugural launch and had contributed: use of administrative office to prepare inaugural launch promotional flyer materials and email campaign donation  of silent auction items: 10 week group workshops, for absolute beginners 2-dvd set purchase of tickets...

 




0
1
2
3
4



 
 
 


our mission is to provide, through free ballroom & latin dance-based learning programs, fun, romance, passion and inspiration to seniors, children & adults who may be facing health or other life challenges.



 


recent work
wedding saviours, dundas valley district high school, swirlz for zoomers
 

 


dance journalist and author of “the...
 

 


dancescape was pleased to invite canadian...
 

 


dancescape was pleased to donate to the...
 
 
 







more about our company
the dancescape endowment fund, established through the burlington community foundation, will provide free ballroom & latin dance-based learning programs that create fun, romance, passion and inspiration to seniors, children & adults who may be facing health or other life challenges. beneficiaries include seniors facing health-related or financial challenges; underpriviliged children and youth/teens; breast cancer survivors, and new entrepreneurs in the dance industry.


the fund was initially set up by robert tang and beverley cayton-tang, former 3-time canadian and 2-time north american amateur ballroom champions from burlington, ontario, when robert’s mother judy mun-pin tang, was first diagnosed with breast cancer. after a valiant battle, she passed away on august 5th, 2012.
early in their competitive careers, robert and beverley were inspired and mentored by other passionate coaches.  as they continued to develop as world-class competitors, they benefited from annual fundraising initiatives organized and supported by local community groups, family, and friends.  this enabled them to represent canada at five world championship events.
in 2001, with the help of an angel investor, bill kallman of timberline venture partners and scayl, the tangs began a new chapter of their lives as entrepreneurs.  as with most start-up companies, they faced many challenges.  but the tangs persevered and continue to give back to the dance and creative arts industry. their journey has led them to seek out other entrepreneurs and business leaders to work towards a common vision that will advance the business skills of other creative artists, and improve the quality of life of deserving members of our community.
robert and beverley have appeared as dance experts on cbc television, ch television, w-network, slice, discovery health usa, and hgtv. some of the shows in which they were profiled include “the healthy gourmet” (oprah winfrey network), “dragons’ den” (cbc television), “fortune hunters” (cbc television), “til debt do us part” (w network), “save me from my house” (w-network), and “groomed” (w-network).
they were also featured in a national television commercial for participaction, the national voice for physical activity and sport participation in canada. along with other selected canadians, the organization’s goal is to inspire canadians to increase their level of activity and to inspire society to make it easier to become more physically active. robert’s story (ballroom dancing for fun, fitness & romance) was one out of almost 2,000 stories collected through participaction’s get inspired. get moving. campaign.
the preliminary goal is to raise $25,000 to establish the fund for self-sustainability. fundraising team members like janac – mastectomy wear for fighters and survivors and  leeanne hamilton of steeped tea have come onboard to assist in fundraising initiatives.  join us at our next fundraising event!
read more
 

recent blog posts



 

 
february 14, 2016 | 
american women’s club
thank you so much to the american women’s club of oakville for inviting @dancescape to speak this morning,...
 



 

 
october 7, 2013 | 
canadian warplane heritage museum “swing out to victory“ dance
dancescape is pleased to support “swing out to victory” fundraiser for the canadian warplane heritage...
 



 

 
october 5, 2013 | 
koogle theatre cabaret
koogle is a professional theatre group based in burlington, ontario run by husband/wife team, leslie &...
 



 

 
july 28, 2013 | 
fit in the core, burlington downtown
dancescape sponsored the sunday, june 23rd session of dancetone qigong (tai chi) and presented dancetone yoga on...
 



 

 
april 17, 2008 | 
tottering biped theatre launch
dancescape was a supporter of tottering biped theatre during its inaugural launch and had contributed: use of...
 
read more
 

 
 
 



designed by  robert tang | powered by  dancescape
 
 










