







yamato corporation | weighing scales for commercial & industrial






















we sell, repair, calibrate & rent scales
call us today! (919) 776-7737

 

services

scale repair
service agreement
emergency service
calibration
scale rental
load testing


industries

agriculture & farming
food & beverage
pharmaceutical
public sector & military
waste & recycling
other industries


brands

b-tek
doran scales
intercomp
health o meter scale
mettler toledo
ohaus
pennsylvania scale
sensortronics
view all


scale types

commercial scales
industrial scales
portable scales


about us

contact us
location
about us
why choose ccs?
testimonials


blog
request a quote










home>yamato corporation yamato corporation yamato traces it's origins to 1922 when kawanishi machinery co., ltd. created a scale manufacturing division. this became the separate company, yamato, in 1945. since then yamato has established itself as a global leader in the weighing equipment and systems industry. yamato produced japan's first domestically made strain gauge load cell in 1953 and began manufacturing digital electronic scales in 1969.
yamato was one of the first companies to realize the possibilities of the multihead principal, and began manufacturing computerized multihead weighers and load cell checkweighers in 1980. yamato holds over 400 patents worldwide and is continuously developing new technologies to provide better solutions for our customers. they also realize that the quality of our products and services is essential to customer satisfaction. yamato was the first company in the scale industry to be recognized as a designated manufacturer under japan's measurement law. the production facility in akashi, japan became iso 9002 certified in 1994, and iso 9001:2000 certified in 2002. to this day the focus remains on quality, customer satisfaction and developing new technologies.



yamato ppc-200w portion control scalethe yamato ppc-200w combines over/under check weighing, high accuracy and portability in a wash down housing; making it perfect for use in the poultry, seafood, meat processing and food service industries. it is a very affordable washdown scale with exceptional quality and features. 





yamato accu-weigh sm(n) stainless steel dial scalethe accu-weigh sm(n) stainless steel universal dial scales (uds) has capacities ranging from 2 lb to 50 lb (900 g to 22 kg). stainless steel construction and nsf certification. great for food service. a snap-on stainless steel platform is standard. dashpot, two bowl options (10" scoop and 5 quart bowl) are options. 





yamato accu-weigh m series mechanical dial scaleaccu-weigh m series of universal dial scales (uds), with capacities ranging from 2 lb to 150 lb (800 g to 67 kg), suits a world of applications. a baked enamel steel body with a snap-on stainless steel platform is standard with our uds scales. dashpot, two bowl options (10" scoop and 5 quart bowl) also available. 





yamato dp-6700 platform scaledesigned for checkweighing, grading, packing, counting, and weight totals. ntep-approved legal for trade in the us and canada. ip65 rated washdown when battery operated and ac jack is sealed. available capacities: 60, 150, and 300 pounds. stainless-steel construction. 14-inch x 20-inch platform. extra-large lcd display, with annunciators, for enhanced weight readability.  





yamato aw-300p series scaleaw-300p is designed for receiving with 660 pounds and 22-inch x 22-inch platform. ac adapter (included) or battery powered
adjustable auto shut-off to help conserve battery life and includes hold feature. 





yamato ppc-300wp washdown portion scaleppc-300wp is designed for portion control. waterproof ip68 rated washdown with stainless steel construction. nsf certified and ntep approved legal for trade in the us and canada. available capacities: 4.4, 10, 22, and 44 pounds. over/under indicator. removable stainless-steel platform. extra-large lcd display for enhanced weight readability. basic weighing, checkweighing, grading, & packing functions

 





yamato pb-200 pizza scalepb-200 is designed for portion control at a pizza parlor. nsf certified with 12 pound capacity. includes foot tare switch and extra-large lcd display for enhanced weight readability. wall mounting bracket. rechargeable battery powered – ac adapter (included).  





yamato bar inventory keg scalescale from yamato designed to verify keg contents upon delivery. maximize contents – ensure keg is empty before change-over. 16" x 1.77" stainless steel.  cap: 440 x 0.2 lb 





yamato aw-cs series electronic counting scaleaw-cs portable scale designed for parts counting. available capacities include 6, 12, 30, and 60 pounds. lcd display for enhanced weight readability built-in rechargeable battery powered – ac adapter (included). adjustable auto shut-off to help conserve battery life. stores up to 99 plus 





yamato bc-10 bar inventory dial scaleinstant and accurate bar inventory control at a glance. the bc-10 measures any size bottle up to 64 fluid ounces (half gallon). complete operation instructions are attached to the side of the scale. a sample inventory sheet is supplied showing an easy and efficient control system. start a program of inventory (and profit) control today with the bar inventory scale. 





yamato yamato aw-wlg washdown portion scaleyamato aw-wlg features a large, 1-inch backlit lcd display, ip67 rated washdown safe, multiple weighing units including, pound, kilogram, ounce, powered by four "aa" batteries or included ac adapter. stainless-steel construction great for restaurant and food service weighing. nsf 

 





yamato dp-6900 multipurpose scalethe yamato dp-6900 bench scale is a digital scale that just about any business could use somewhere in their facility. the scale is easy to use and ideal for general purpose weighing and accurate check weighing. replaces the popular dp-6200. available in three different capacities 60 lb, 150 lb or 300 lb. platform size: 13.8" x 19.7" 





call/text: (919) 776-7737email:info@ccscale.com 
our services
sales
service / repair
calibration
rentals


our products
baggage scales
balances
bench scales
checkweighers
counting scales
crane scales
digital weight indicators
fishing tournament scales
floor scales
force measurement
fork lift scales
hanging scales
intrinsically safe weighing
laundry scales
livestock scales
load cells
medical scales
pallet jack scales
point of sale
price computing scales
printers & accessories
remote displays
scale hardware
scale software
shipping scales
test weights
truck scales
vehicle scales
veterinary scales
wrestling scales


our industries
asphalt & concrete
hemp, tobacco, cannabis
mining & aggregates
process control
transport & logistics
more...


our manufacturers
avery weigh-tronix
cardinal scale mfg.
rice lake weighing
more....



policies
frequently asked questions
company policies
privacy policy
product overview


popular items
used scales
specials
misc items
made in usa scales


helpful information
location
weight conversion calculator
employment
nsf certified scales


features
custom equipment
best sellers
ntep legal trade scales
battery powered scales







 copyright 2025 all rights reserved. central carolina scale, 
  inc. 5393 farrell road sanford, nc 27330  















