






 cdelph.org - a christadelphian website 








 



home
statement of faith

bible studies


doctrinal
character
prophetic
exhortational
general
bible answers



bible reading planner
 







who are we?
contact me
links 



welcome! the purpose of this website is to help you to understand the bible, which is the word of god. our faith is based on a total persuasion that the bible is revealed word of god, and it is without error, except for translational and transcript errors that may have crept in.
the bible teaches that jesus christ is the son of god and our messiah, and is coming to set up god's kingdom upon the earth. this means he will conquer the present world governments and religious systems. the question is, "who's side will you be on?"
from clues given to us in the bible, we only have a short time to respond to the message of the gospel. we can continue on with our lives as they are, content to let corrupt christianity tell us what to believe, or we can search out the truth from the bible for ourselves and be on the winning side.
there are many doctrinal teachings in christianity today that are not scripturally accurate, and some that are not scriptural at all. there are also some bible teachings that are completely ignored by christianity at large, which are essential principles of the true christian gospel. not knowing these essential truths will put you on the wrong side when jesus christ returns.
we encourage you to read the articles on this site, but read these articles with your bible in your hand and look up the scriptures quoted to see whether what is in the article teaches biblical truth (acts 17:11).
"seek ye first the kingdom of god and his righteousness..." - matthew 6:33 (kjv)

"study to show thyself approved unto god, a workman that needeth not to be ashamed, rightly dividing the word of truth." - 2 timothy 2:15 (kjv) 

"to the law and to the testimony: if they speak not according to this word, it is because there is no light in them." - isaiah 8:20 (kjv) 



			best viewed with internet explorer 8 or greater at 1024x768. 
			
		




