


bars & guitars























    
	bars & guitars
	
  
this is about music. music that i like and music that i think other people should like. i've got little regard for boundaries, but i love a good pop song. i listen for melody and hook. i listen for sincerity. i listen for both history and vision.  i listen for what makes me shake my head and say, "i gotta hear that again."
disclaimer



         the intent of this blog is to make you interested in seeking out and buying the music you find here. please do so. if you are the owner of a sound file and don't want it up please email me and it will be removed immediately. please do not link to any of the files.


links
music for robots
tofu hut
new flux
better proganda
junk media
trouser press
songs:illinois
the big ticket
oak room
lonesome music
the dust congress
tuning
last plane to jakarta
swedes please
ear food
world of sound
indie interviews
i guess i'm floating
radio indie pop
hater tuesday
salon
daytrotter
e mail
p funk
2007 best of running list

apostle of hustle - national anthem of nowhere
manchester orchestra - i'm like a virgin losing a child
bill callahan - woke on a whaleheart
lcd soundsystem - sound of silver
modest mouse - we were dead before the ship even sank
andrew bird - armchair apocrypha
wilco - sky blue sky


previous posts

it's been a while...
fountains of wayne on pitchfork...
wow!!!....
oh my god...
assorted musicoloy & pernicious apologizing...
a written word...
have fun, i'm not...
today, some reading...
manchester orchestra...
stories...

archives

october 2004
november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
june 2007








wednesday, june 27, 2007



	 
	 it's been a while...
	 
    


hasn't it. let's see april 3rd was my last post and today is june 27th that means the last time i posted, in internet years, was 2,569 years ago. a good friend convinced me that people actually read this thing and that, perhaps, they deserve some degree of explication. so here i am. i don't think that this means the posts will start flowing again, it just means that maybe i need to get this off my chest. i'm having a tough time right now. i've been having a tough time for quite a few months. i'm struggling. my job/business is fine. i have a wonderful daughter. but at some point over the last 4 years i really lost touch with someone who is really important to me. it's been a challenging stare into the mirror of late. i've learned a lot and i'm not happy with much of it. at the same time i'm quite aware that what's happened in my life is a 50/50 proposition. nothing gets as fucked up as it is now without two people willingly jogging down the sweet sweet path of self destruction. you can probably hear me editing myself as you read this. i have no interest right now in washing my dirty laundry public. trust me, there are all sorts of folks in all manner of corners of the internet (also known as the www and "the web") who would love to sink their teeth into my story. they can't have it. at least not right now. at least not until i've reached the other side of all this. until then i will be intentionally vague and you'll just have to deal.so what's this horse shit got to do with music? well, it does and it doesn't. one thing i discovered about myself is that i'm really good at hiding from things. i hid from my deep inner heart, that place of maximum vulnerability where you're really alive, by pretending that it didn't exist. i used drugs, sex, and, yes, rock n' roll to assist my delusion. the first two should be obvious, the third not so much. i got to a point where my obsessive blog reading, downloading, unmanageable levels of consumption (i swear i've downloaded stuff like, a year and a half ago from emusic that i haven't even listened to yet, ), self imposed guilt about posting, mental gymnastics regarding my supposed self-importance in this self-important obsessed music world 2.0 game we're all playing, that you're playing right now. it all just got to a point where it seemed like i was obsessing on something because it was a distraction from what was really going on in my head and my heart. i was ignoring things that were orders of magnitude more important than whatever my next post was going to be and how many hits i was getting.maybe it's just me. maybe i'm the kind of guy that gets carried away. maybe everyone else out there reading pitchfork and stylus and brooklyn vegan and trying to find obscure arcade fire tracks is normal and i'm not. i'm happy to take that criticism because ultimately the finger i'm pointing only points at me and at my life. for now i'm desperately trying to find perspective. i'm trying hard to get through what has been and will continue to be the most difficult time of my life. it all will pass one way or another and then i'll wake up one day hear a song and think "that's just plain and simple a great tune, other people need to hear it". i'll post something on that day. otherwise, thanks for your thoughts (if you're thinking about some random guy you don't know with some very unspecified life issues) and for reading. and thanks for asking about me. that's really meant a lot.peace,pete



posted by peter @ 11:46 pm 

      
         14 comments








 

tuesday, april 03, 2007



	 
	 fountains of wayne on pitchfork...
	 
    


this 3.0 review of fountains of wayne's traffic and weather is thoroughly misguided that it provoked me to write. i'd like to ask pitchfork to please stop intellectualizing music until there's nothing left but bland ideas that the band, in all likelihood, didn't even intend. it's just this attitude that leads indie rock shows to be hands jammed in pockets nerd fests. god forbid you shake your ass or yell something stupid like, "it's time to rock, motherfucker!!" that would break that aura of uber cool that so many spend so much time cultivating.traffic and weather isn't high art. it is a collection of great pop songs full of hook and wry lyricism. sit back, enjoy, roll the windows down and stop thinking to fucking much.man, thank god that christgau got it right



posted by peter @ 1:15 pm 

      
         10 comments








 




	 
	 wow!!!....
	 
    


have you seen this? brilliant and odd.



posted by peter @ 8:45 am 

      
         1 comments








 

wednesday, march 28, 2007



	 
	 oh my god...
	 
    


the best part is  that the narrator gets as fired up to yell, "ufo porno!!!", as the spanish language announcers for soccer games are about yelling, "goal!!"



posted by peter @ 1:15 pm 

      
         0 comments








 

tuesday, march 27, 2007



	 
	 assorted musicoloy & pernicious apologizing...
	 
    


the old up keep of the blog has been lacking lately, but i've been feeling a bit beaten down. work is busy as a beaver in the redwoods which is a  blessing and a curse, the personal life is mangled at best and is naturally draining emotionally, physically. everything (= life) makes the management of a music blog rather low on the priority scale. i did manage to catch a show last week at the hotel utah. it was the wonderous our lady of the highway with the much blogged about (i'm guilty here because i think he's great) adam arcuragi and a washington dc area band called these united states. a really great bill. all the bands produced some really stunning music. the highlight was during arcuragi's set when he was backed by the other bands on his final song. it was clear there was a real affection between all the players. this heartfelt camaraderie produced such an effusive outbreak of music that as the whole gang leaned into arcuragi's chorus of "oh lord, come and take me home" i swear the room was filled with a light the color of rose. an excellent night of music. catch arcuragi if you're able he puts on an excellent show and is touring all over the place at the moment.i was unfamiliar with these united states but was suitably impressed with their country inflected take on 70's am rock. oft times gentle and melancholy, other times more forceful and insistent in their melodies. they're like a hoedown held at on aa meeting or a barn dance in a decrepit urban warehouse or a shindig with slide guitars on a sinking boat.some songs from these united states:the businesskings and aces



posted by peter @ 10:37 am 

      
         2 comments








 

wednesday, march 21, 2007



	 
	 a written word...
	 
    


watching young couples with an old girlfriend on sunday morninghow mild these young men seem to me nowwith their baggy shorts and clouds of musk, as if younger brothers of thewomen they escort in tight black leather, bangs and tattoos, cute littletoughies, so louise brooks annealedin mtv, headed off for huevos rancherosand the sunday times at some chic, crowded dive. i don't recall it at all thisway, do you ? how sweetly complected and confident they look, their facesunclouded by the ragesand abandoned, tearful couplings of the night before, the drunkenness, beast savor andremorse. or do i recoil from their youthfulness and health ? oh, not recoil, just fail to seeourselves. and yet, this tenderness between us that remainswas mortared first with something dark, something feral, we still refuse, we still refuse to name. -by august kleinzahler



posted by peter @ 10:20 am 

      
         2 comments








 

monday, march 19, 2007



	 
	 have fun, i'm not...
	 
    


junior senior. it helps sometimes.



posted by peter @ 11:40 am 

      
         2 comments








 

wednesday, march 14, 2007



	 
	 today, some reading...
	 
    


everybody and their uncle hank has something to say about file sharing and its link to the demise or resurgence of music today. personally, i usually ignore all articles because i'm just sick of hearing about it. but today i read a piece on file sharing by okkervil river's will sheff. i've interviewed sheff and like him. it goes without saying that i think okkervil is one of the finest bands playing today. so this one i read. it's well thought out and touches many of the points, concerning both the state of music and the necessary evil of file sharing, that i find myself pondering to some degree. i've included the link and the text.the linkthe text:over the nine-odd years that we in okkervil river have been trying tomake a living playing music, i've developed a kind of love/haterelationship with the world of file-sharing. the first good job i everhad was at the website audiogalaxy.com, where i drew a respectablesalary for writing music reviews and editorials as a kind ofnot-very-convincing camouflage for what was at the time one of theworld's largest file-sharing networks. at the time, my attitude aboutfile-sharing was that it didn't particularly hurt artists – most ofwhom were being ripped off by their labels anyway (it's a little knownfact that very few musicians actually make any money off of recordsales) – rather, it helped spread the word about their music to peoplewho, if they liked it enough, would buy the cd. i felt that the partywho genuinely had cause to be frightened of file-sharing weren't thetiny little indie bands but the colossal major labels; if you put outa britney spears cd with only one good song on it, i figured, peoplewould just steal the one song and no one would buy the cd. whenfeeling grand – usually after one or two of the free 20 oz. mountaindews available in our office kitchen fridge and a few rounds at thenerf hoop – i'd imagine a new and digitally reinvigorated world inwhich sales of major-label behemoths like britney and creed wouldplummet, in which major labels would topple, in which culture would bereinvented as a kind of meritocracy where anyone with artisticambitions could draw a decent living by setting up a paypal tip-jar ontheir little corner of the internet. don't laugh – you thought that, too.about a year later, the riaa finally came gunning for audiogalaxy andshut us down. the dot-com crash hit, and everyone started wonderingwhere the money was. i was taken into the special room at my offices –the one with the big, soft leatherette couches, the one reserved forhiring and firing – and fired. i loaded a box with my belongings and apair of stolen sony headphones and drove home from the guttedaudiogalaxy offices. a couple of weeks later i cast my lot withokkervil river, and i headed out on my first major tour. i've spentmore than half of the intervening five years on the road. after tourupon tour of paying more for gas than we were making at the shows, ofskipping meals, of asking people in the sparse crowds we drew if anyof them had available floor space where we could spend the night, i'vefinally managed to make it pay enough so that i draw roughly the samesalary as a clerk at a 7-11. i use that comparison solelydescriptively, as i couldn't be possibly be happier to be making aliving doing what i love. at the same time, with no health insuranceand no house and no idea how long my "music career" will last, it'skind of become everything i have. i try to use that fact as reason tothrow all of my energy and my care into every single thing that i do;as a result, my attitude about file-sharing has become morecomplicated now that it has a direct impact on my life.i'm not sure if file-sharing impacts our sales enough for it to hurtus. sometimes i suspect that it does – other times i'm glad people geta chance to be exposed to our music. i do know that there's asubscription-based service called sound scan that all industryprofessionals – labels, booking agents, promoters, publicists – lookat regularly. sound scan estimates how many records you've sold instores and over the internet, and it is used to determine how "big"you are. if you're angling to have the opening slot on a lucrativetour or trying to get signed to a new label and someone takes a lookat your sound scan numbers and doesn't like them, it's over. that's anaspect of file-sharing that i'm not sure people take into account. inany case, i honestly don't care quite as much about the commercialimplications of file-sharing because they're basically out of mycontrol and i guess that inside i still do take the view thatfile-sharing can be radically empowering to fans and that i can trustthose same fans to buy the records.my real concerns with file-sharing are primarily aesthetic.there's a story by jorge luís borges called "the library of babel." itdescribes a fantastical library composed of an apparently infinitenumber of identical rooms. each room contains 1,050 books. printed onthe pages are words whose lettering and order are apparently random.because the library is complete, among the gibberish it also containsevery book that is possible, every book that could ever be written. italso contains every imaginable variation of every book possible,whether that variation is off by thousands of letters or by a singlecomma. borges adds that it must contain, somewhere, a book thatexplains the meaning and origin of the library itself – just as itcontains thousands of variations of that book, true and false. hewrites, "when it was proclaimed that the library contained all books,the first impression was one of extravagant happiness. all men feltthemselves to be the masters of an intact and secret treasure…as wasnatural, this inordinate hope was followed by an excessive depression."the internet – with its glut not only of information but ofmisinformation, and of information that is only slightly correct, oronly slightly incorrect – fills me with this same weird mixture ofhappiness and depression. i sometimes feel drowned in information,deadened by it. how many hundreds of bored hours have you spentmechanically poring through web pages not knowing what you're lookingfor, or knowing what you're looking for but not feeling satisfied whenyou find it? you hunger but you're not filled. everything is freelyavailable on the internet, and is accordingly made inestimablyvaluable and utterly value-less.when i was a kid, i'd listen to the same records over and over andover again, as if i was under a spell. the record would end and i'dflip it over again, doing absolutely nothing, letting the music washover me. my favorite record albums become like a totem for me, theirbig fat beautiful gatefolds worked as a shield against the loud,crashing, crushing world. i would have laid down my life and died indefense of a record like tonight's the night or astral weeks. i feltthat those records had, in some ways, saved my life. these days, withall the choice in the world, it's hard for me find the attention spanfor a single album. i put my ipod on shuffle and skip impatiently tothe next song before each one's over. i don't even know what i'mlooking for.because my work is the most important thing in the world to me, isometimes feel uncomfortable about it existing freely in the digitallibrary of babel, these songs that i worked so hard writing andrevising and rehearsing and recording and mixing (and re-mixing) andmastering (and re-mastering) shucked off the album and thrown up onthe internet in hissy and brittle low-resolution versions with no kindof sequence or order, mixed in with odd leaked tracks and some sub-parlive versions. in a world overstuffed with stimuli and choking oninformation, i feel like a musical album should have a kind of purityand a kind of wholeness, that every aspect of an album – from thesequencing to the artwork even down to the typesetting – should feelslabored over and loved, and that the finished product should feel likea gift.at the same time, i am a very ardent supporter of the way in which theinternet empowers fans. i truly believe that the internet allows fansto connect with and participate in art in a way that's far moremeaningful than it's been for decades, in a way that's more akin tothe way folk music worked in the 1920's and for hundreds of yearsbeforehand. anyone who has ever been to a perfect rock show by theirfavorite band in a small venue can testify to the circuit of energythat is created at those shows between the audience and the band, tothe way that energy washes up onstage from the crowd and is radiatedback out again from the performers, to the way that it becomes lessabout an artist and an audience and it becomes entirely about asingular unrepeatable shared moment between a group of people. that'swhy i go to shows, and that's why i play music myself.by the same token, those same great shows don't always sound the samewhen you run a line out from the soundboard into a minidisk player andput it up online. for one thing, soundboard tapes are notoriously bad;everything that's supposed to resonate through the air – like drumsand amps – gets lost, while everything that's miked or going directsounds dry and ten times louder. similarly, all those other ineffablethings that resonate through the air – those things that are thereason we go to rock shows in the first place – simply can't becaptured through a line-out on a soundboard. i've heard a lot of theokkervil bootlegs out there; some of them sound great and some of themmake me wince. i don't mind that they're out there and i encouragebootlegging, but sometimes it's painful for me to contemplate howthere are hours and hours of terrible-sounding okkervil river musicreadily available on the internet.we're going on tour again in the fall and we'll probably be playingsome new songs. i love sharing new songs and refining them live infront of people. however, i'm going to save some of the new songs forour next recording session – in spite of the fact that we could usethe rehearsal – for the simple reason that i don't want them to beheard first in versions that are inferior because we're still workingthrough them and they're poorly from soundboards. i'm not at allasking that you don't record and share shows; rather, i myself amgoing to try to choose some songs that i'm okay having shared in earlyversions.just as long as when the album comes out you don't do that thing onthe message board where you go, "hrumph, i much prefer the earlierversion better, by the way. i find so much more pure the version frommadison where will's guitar is out of tune and he's so wasted that heforgets half the words and then apologizes and starts the song over.and then he forgets them again." --



posted by peter @ 11:24 am 

      
         1 comments








 





 





