

home | cumberland county schools





















































































skip to contentcumberland county schools - exploreexploreschoolstranslatesearch sitehomehomeabout us show submenu for about usabout us2024 - 2025 board approved school level fees and duesabout usannual reportboard of educationcabinetccs accreditation summarydistrict calendarsdistrict low performing schoolsdistrict profiledistrict report cardenrollmentmission/vision/core values/strategic prioritiesoffice of the superintendentstudent code of conductstrategic plan 2026curriculum show submenu for curriculumcurriculum2024-2025 high school course selection guide2024-2025 middle school course selection guideacademic servicesacademically/intellectually gifted programcareer and technical education programcareer pathwayscurriculumesl-english as a second language	exceptional children servicesk-12 curriculum and instruction	nc read to achieve programonline requests for students transcripts/recordspre-kindergarten informationscholarship information for studentstesting information for parents and studentsworld languagedepartments show submenu for departmentsdepartmentsacademic & instructional systemsacademic servicesacademically intellectually gifted programarts education departmentathletics/student activitiesauxiliary servicesbeginning teachersboard attorney's officebusiness operationscareer and technical educationchild nutrition serviceschoice programscommunications & community engagementcounselorsdata and accountabilitysee all departmentscareers show submenu for careerscareerscareersemployment application system - talentedemployment opportunitieshuman resources 'who to call' directoryhuman resourcestech now nccommunity show submenu for communitycommunityccs work perks programcommitted community support awardcommunitycumberland county community linkspeachjar information pageschool angels watchcommunity engagement opportunitiesemployees show submenu for employeesemployeesbimasccs employee intranet portalccs employeesccs google emailccs work perks programdepartmentsemployee assistance programemployee portal (eportal)home base login (iam)k-12 curriculum & instructionopportunity cultureprofessional developmentsmartfind expresssuccessedtalented (self service forms)families show submenu for familiesfamiliesalongside: a mental health support appcalendars and report card schedulescanvas access for studentsccs español ccs wellness initiativeccs summer learningchoice programschoice programs frequently asked questionscooper's cornercumberland family academydestiny media services by schooleeshs faqsenroll today!find my schoolgoing to college? it’s fafsa time!infinite campus parent resourcessee all pagesmore show submenu for skip galleryhave you heard about the alongside app? level up on your well-being, ccs middle and high schoolers! alongside is an ai-powered chatbot that offers immediate, 24/7 support. check it out now!end of gallery

gallery 









let's talk education ...
"let's talk education," is a dynamic 30-minute radio program dedicated to exploring k-12 education in the local community. airing twice a month, the radio show will be heard on widu 1600 am and promises to deliver engaging conversations, insightful interviews and timely updates about the district’s initiatives, achievements and happenings.
check the times and schedules now!










the parent portal is live! 
the infinite campus parent portal keeps families informed with real-time access to grades, attendance, assignments and more. get connected today to stay engaged in your child’s academic journey.
access parent portal










become a family ambassador, earn $150 each month!
the family ambassador program creates volunteer positions at schools to work closely with the school leadership to plan and promote family engagement activities and outreach opportunities.
apply today!










game-changing tool for families
introducing family engagement on demand (feod) – a powerful, all-in-one tool created to support busy families in guiding their child’s educational journey. from academic assistance to social-emotional support, feod offers flexible, accessible solutions to meet families wherever they are, whenever they need it.
learn more!










weapons detection systems
cumberland county schools has implemented state-of-the-art opengate weapons detection systems as part of our ongoing efforts to enhance school safety and create a secure environment for students, staff and visitors.
learn more










every minute counts
ccs is addressing chronic absenteeism with a revised attendance policy that is now in effect for high schools. elementary and middle schools will implement the policy at the start of the 2025-2026 school year.
learn more!























































cumberland family academy         peachjar digital flyersbreakfast & lunch menusboard of educationsay something reporting toolenrollmentmilitary connectionsinfinite campus resources

did you know?




100%
ccs has once again been honored with the prestigious n.c. purple star award designation, marking the fourth consecutive year the district has received this recognition. one hundred percent of the schools in the district earned the award, reaffirming ccs' unwavering support for military-connected students and their families.



nspra
ccs' communications and community engagement department has been honored with six prestigious gold blue ribbon awards from the north carolina school public relations association for outstanding and effective communications. 



93%
while 84.2% of schools in the district met or exceeded growth, 93.8% of the 16 low-performing schools, as identified by ncdpi, increased their academic performance composite scores. district composite proficiency scores continue to increase from 36.8% in 2021 to 47.3% in 2022 and again to 49.3% in 2023!



cte
the latest release of the 2022-2023 cte credential attainment report showcases an impressive achievement, solidifying ccs' position as the second-highest earner of credentials in the state, totaling 16,012. this accomplishment underscores the tangible benefits of cte in preparing students for success in the workforce and higher education.



stem
for the third consecutive year, the starward stem expo was the culminating event of the starward stem design challenge that showcased student presentations of project-based learning work, demonstrations by stem industry experts. over 160 teams have competed over three years, representing more than 1,000 students.




video feature of the weekread more



families




community




employees




events section image:





events section title:
 upcoming events








see all button text:
 view calendar





 quick links 



calendars/report card schedules

ccs bid links

ccs español

ccs fraud reporting

ccs google mail

ccs school directory

community engagement opportunities

employment opportunities

home base login (iam)

ncdpi: literacy at home: digital children's reading initiative

online back-to-school guide

online student enrollment

parents' bill of rights

peachjar information page

say something reporting tool

school cash online

wellness initiative

cumberland county schools2465 gillespie streetfayetteville, nc 28306ph: 910-678-2300resource linkscopyright/privacy notices and disclaimernon-discrimination policy and grievanceswebsite accessibilitystay connectedcopyright © 2025 cumberland county schools. all rights reserved.powered by apptegy visit us to learn more







