


dr. mericle's diet health weight loss and exercise blog























	dr. mericle's diet health weight loss and exercise blog
	







monday, june 02, 2008



	 
	 complications of coronary artery bypass surgery
	 
    
modern medicinein this day and age of modern medicine it seems as though people don't have to be concerned about getting ill.  we now have a wide variety of therapies and replacement parts available, some of them with very good results: eg alonzo mourning.  although the real statistics on modern cancer therapy aren't quite as impressive, few cancers escape the slash and burn approach.  we have many replacement joint parts including knees.  not too many of those however, continue their nba basketball career.  i can still remember, when as part of my medical internship at iumc hospitals, i spent three months at st. lukes hospital in denver. while i was there, dr. john grow, performed the first coronary artery surgery to reestablish blood flow at st. lukes.  that year was 1970.  a lot has happened since then and today coronary artery bypass surgery is a common and accepted procedure. but, as usual, there is no free lunch.  before you eat that next super-sized double bacon cheeseburger at your local golden arches,  check out some of these complications.some current studiesfrom wikipedialink: <to">http://www.en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coronary_artery_bypass_surgery#complications>to read original articlecabg associatedpostperfusion syndrome (pumphead), a transient neurocognitive impairment associated with cardiopulmonary bypass. some research shows the incidence is initially decreased by off-pump coronary artery bypass, but with no difference beyond three months after surgery. a neurocognitive decline over time has been demonstrated in people with coronary artery disease regardless of treatment (opcab, conventional cabg or medical management). * nonunion of the sternum; internal thoracic artery harvesting devascularizes the sternum increasing   risk. * myocardial infarction due to embolism, hypoperfusion, or graft failure. * late graft stenosis, particularly of saphenous vein grafts due to atherosclerosis causing recurrent   angina or myocardial infarction.* acute renal failure due to embolism or hypoperfusion. * stroke, secondary to embolism or hypoperfusion.general surgical* infection at incision sites or sepsis.* deep vein thrombosis (dvt)* anesthetic complications such as malignant hyperthermia.* keloid scarring * chronic pain at incision sites* chronic stress related illnesses* deathfrom the british medical journallink: <to">http://www.pubmedcentral.nih.gov/articlerender.fcgi?artid=1419012>to read original articlea prospective study of 312 patients undergoing elective coronary artery bypass surgery was undertaken to determine the incidence, severity, and functional impact of postoperative neurological complications. detailed evaluation of the patients showed that neurological complications after surgery were common, occurring in 191 of the 312 patients (61%). although such a high proportion of the total developed detectable changes, serious neurological morbidity was rare. neurological disorders resulted in death in only one patient (0.3%) and severe disability in only four (1.3%). forty eight patients were mildly disabled during the early postoperative period, and the remaining 138 with neurological signs had no serious functional disability. the postoperative neurological disorders detected included one death from cerebral hypoxic damage. prolonged depression of conscious level was observed in 10 patients (3%) and definite stroke in 15 (5%); 78 (25%) developed ophthalmological abnormalities and 123 (39%) primitive reflexes; postoperative psychosis was observed in four (1%); and 37 (12%) developed disorders of the peripheral nervous system. the incidence of serious neurological problems such as fatal cerebral damage, stroke, and brachial plexopathy is in accordance with experience elsewhere. lesser abnormalities, whose detection required detailed neurological examination, were much commoner than expected from previous reports.from jackson memorial hospitallink: <to">http://www.circ.ahajournals.org/cgi/content/abstract/48/1s3/iii-120>to read original articlecomplications of coronary bypass surgeryhooshang bolooki m.d.1; leonard s. sommer m.d.1; ali ghahramani m.d.1; damaio cunha m.d.1; michael gill b.s.1 1 from the division of thoracic and cardiovascular surgery and cardiovascular laboratories, jackson memorial hospital-university of miami school of medicine, miami, florida.in the past three years, among 170 patients undergoing aortocoronary bypass surgery, 11 (6%) developed acute myocardial infarction within 24 hours after surgery. an additional four patients (2%) developed myocardial infarction within three months after discharge. clinically, acute myocardial infarction was suspected because of sudden, transient hypotension associated with dysrhythmia, angina, or cardiac arrest which responded to conventional therapy. elevation of serum enzymes with acute ecg changes was also observed. three of the 15 patients developing myocardial infarction died. in 12 patients cardiac catheterization studies were performed within two to ten weeks after the incident. eleven of the 20 grafts were found occluded, and progression of coronary occlusive disease was seen in five. there was a marked decrease in left ventricular function, contractility, and compliance in all patients with left ventricular aneurysm formation or dyskinesia. eight of these patients were asymptomatic. the results indicate that after coronary surgery a combination of sudden arrhythmia and transient hypotension is diagnostic of graft closure or development of acute myocardial infarction. also, in spite of depressed cardiac function, most surviving patients remain angina free.death coma and strokeback when i was a radiology resident, we would obtain informed consent from any patient scheduled for a procedure.  seriously, the first three words on the informed consent form were death, coma and stroke.  it seemed as if most were not too overly concerned.  i was very fortunate in that none of the procedures i was involved in resulted in any serious complications. i did however witness some other less than optimal outcomes.  in reviewing the complications of coronary artery bypass, all three, death, coma and stroke,  were there in significant proportion. if the statistical mortality or significant morbidity from any given procedure is even just 5% but that complication happens to you, then for you, that percentage is now 100%!   there is nothing better than "original equipment."another look at the numbersseeing through the statistical hazeestimates for the number of coronary artery bypass procedures are approximately 500,000/year for the united states to approximately 800,000/year worldwide.  if we take an average mortality of even just 2%, that would translate into 10,000 deaths/year for the united states alone and 16,000 deaths/year for the world.statewide figures for cabg surgeryfor pennsylvanialink: <to">http://www.phc4.org/reports/cabg/00/statewide.htm>to read original article* in-hospital mortality rate 2.4%* 30-day mortality rate 2.7%* 7-day readmission rate 6.2%* 30-day readmission rate 14.5%* average post-sugical length of stay 5.8 days* average hospital charge $59,939that seems to me to be an awful lot of people for a procedure that does not address the real problem that causes coronary disease in the first place -poor eating habits.conclusionlooking at the combined morbidity and mortality for this procedure i think i would much rather just quit eating meat and sugar, eat fewer times per day to get my glucagon going and take my chances with my original equipment.

posted by john mericle m.d. d.a.b.r. @ 5:22 pm
8 comments






friday, june 23, 2006



	 
	 chunky cole slaw
	 
    
lesson from the jackrabbits  summertime here in tucson is rather hot.  it becomes difficult to maintain good hydration since you are sweating most of the time. many times running in the heat of the desert summer,  i would see jackrabbits and cottontails.  i would marvel at how they could even survive here, much less run as fast as they do.  they never drink water.  they rely soly upon eating what green there is that grows in the sonoran desert.  they literally eat their hydration. the ingredients: purple (red) cabbage green cabbage cucumberspeppers (all three colors are not necessary)cauliflowercelery (optional) chop all ingredients as coarse or as fine as you prefer. i prefer larger chunks, but some would rather use a food processor and get really fine or small chunks. traditional cole slaw is usually made from more finely shredded ingredients. mix all in a bowl.dressing ingredients: clean water nayonaise soy sauce lime juice  red wine vinegar dash of salt if you prefer the dressing is made from about any combination of the above ingredients that you prefer.  this is not a traditional creamydressing but certainly that could be substituted. usually about eight ounces or so of dressing will suffice. mix in the dressing and stir.  put any excess that you will not eat today into storage containers and keep chilled in your refrigerator.  this is a very low on the glycemic index tastetreat that keeps well and because it is mostly waterfood, itwill help keep you hydrated during the long hot summer. thanks for your attention. copyright © john mericle m.d. 2005 all rights reservedfor more information please visit:drmericle.comcole slaw

posted by john mericle m.d. d.a.b.r. @ 6:03 pm
1 comments






friday, august 12, 2005



	 
	 asbestos asbestosis mesothelioma
	 
    
asbestosit has been estimated that approximately 25 million people have been exposed to asbestos over the past 40 years. the word asbestos is derived from greek meaning inextinguishable. it is a naturally occurring mineral that when crushed yields silicate fibers.  it has been mined  for years because of its heat and acid resistant properties. it was banned in 1986 in america for health reasons. it is, however, still mined in other less developed nations.asbestosisasbestosis is one of the pneumonconiosis (lung disease that occurs from inhalation of dust etc) and is caused by the inhalation of asbestos fibers with resultant damage (fibrosis) to the lungs.  asbestosis usually requires about 15 years before it becomes clinically apparent.mesotheliomathe word mesothelioma implies a tumor of the mesothelium. the word mesothelium refers to the lining cells of body organs such as the lungs (pleura), heart (pericardium) and abdominal organs (peritoneum).mesothelioma is a neoplastic process(cancer) that typically involves the lining of the lung (pleura), the lining of the heart (pericardium) or the lining of the abdomen(peritoneum). it is a consensus that it is related to exposure to asbestos -the fibers of asbestos are often found within the tumor itself.  asbestos has been used for over 2000 years for its heat resistant and non-combustible properties.  use in the united states peaked in the years 1930-1960. it was used to insulate buildings and homes, ships and was also used in auto repair.how mesothelioma starts ...the fibers of asbestos are inhaled and end up in the portion of the lung where oxygen exchange takes place -the alveolus. specialized cells in the lungs called macrophages go to work to try to rid the body of these fibers, however, the fibers are too long to be completely ingested by the macrophages and this results in the contents of the macrophage being spilled into the alveolus.  the fibers are also very resistant to being digested by the macrophage.  the spilling of the intracellular contents of the macrophage into the alveolus damages the alveolus and this results in decreased ability to exchange oxygen.  some of the damaged lung by necessity abuts the visceral pleural surface of the lungs(lining of the lungs) and this is where the mesothelioma will start to grow after many years of chronic inflammation and irritation by the fibers of asbestos.some thirty to forty years laterthe damage to the alveolus(lungs) smolders for years, as the fibers continue to cause inflammation with resultant scarring. typically some thirty to forty years later, the affected pleural cells can become malignant resulting in a malignant mesothelioma.  this is what makes this an extremely difficult disease to treat. by the time it is clinically apparent it has been there for a long time.  this makes treatment problematic at best. the average life span for newly diagnosed malignant mesothelioma is only eleven months.symptomstypically symptoms do not appear until thirty to forty years following the exposure.pulmonary (lung / pleural) symptoms:shortness of breathchest painboth of the above may be related to the accumulation of fluid in the chestabdominal (peritoneum / peritoneal) symptoms:abdominal painabdominal swellingboth of the above may be related to the accumulation of fluid in the abdomenother symptoms of abdominal (peritoneal) mesothelioma may include bowel obstruction, anemia, fever and blood clotting problems.asbestosis and malignant mesotheliomato make the diagnosis of asbestosis is somewhat difficult in a lot of the cases.  history of exposure to asbestos and an appropriate time interval are necessary.  specific findings on a chest xray such as bilateral calcified pleural plaques are diagnostic but only occur in about 15% of the cases. other findings such as non-calcified pleural plaques and a honeycomb pattern in the lower lung fields are less specific. the disease process asbestosis does indicate a definite exposure to asbestos and in people with asbestosis, there is a five fold increase in lung tumors including malignant mesothelioma.treatment for malignant mesothelioma ...as is fairly obvious from the statistics above, treatment has not been very effective.  the average life span of only eleven months is a rather dismal at best, prognosis. as with any cancer, therapy should be directed at boosting the immune system as much as possible since -cancer is a sign of a compromised immune system.  if there is chance of a history of exposure to asbestos or one has asbestosis but does not have malignant mesothelioma, it would be optimal to boost the immune system as much as possible.  even with the diagnosis of malignant mesothelioma, it is still a very good idea to try to keep the immune system working as well as it can.the mericlediet and the immune systemno other diet today takes care of your immune system like the mericlediet.  it is sugar-free so your infection and cancer fighting white blood cells will be operating at top speed.  it is the only 100% organic diet that will keep nasty immune-system-wrecking pesticides, hormones and antibiotics out of your body.  it is 100% vegan which will further reduce any chance of cancer as much as possible. to visit the mericlediet please click on the link below.visit the mericledietother ways to boost your immune system ... * exercise ...regular exercise that elevates the heart rate has been shown to improve immune system function. * avoid any pesticides in your yard or house. * avoid new carpet that off-gases many toxic immune system depressing chemicals. * if you live in a toxic environment (such as under a flight line) try to move if possible to a more healthy environment. * avoid as much as you can any antibiotics, steroids or any hormone that can depress immune function.thanks for your time.john mericle m.d. d.a.b.r.

posted by john mericle m.d. d.a.b.r. @ 5:42 pm
6 comments






saturday, july 16, 2005



	 
	 essential fatty acids efa's
	 
    
fats (triacylglycerols) and essential fatty acids some basic terminology ...fat or fatty acid ... in the human most of the important fatty acids are between 14 and 24 carbon atoms in length with the most common being 16 or 18 carbon atoms.  there is a carboxy.. (acid) group at one end (cooh) and a methylgroup at the other end (ch3).  carbon number one is the carbon atom in the carboxy.. group and the omega(w) carbon is the carbon atom in the methyl(ch3) group at the other end. (for purposes of this discussion we will use the w symbolfor the omega symbol).saturated fat ...a carbon atom can have four atoms attached(bonded)to it. methane gas for example is ch4.  there is one carbonatom with four attached hydrogen (h) atoms.  when a fatty acid is termed "saturated" this means that all the bondsbetween the carbon atoms are "single" bonds.  all the fouravailable spots for bonds are either taken up by an adjacent carbon atom or a hydrogen (h) atom.  for examplethe omega end of linolenate would look like this ...ch3-ch2-ch=ch-ch2...rest of the moleculethere is a single bond between the omega carbon (first fromthe left) and the next carbon. the second carbon atom has two hydrogen atoms and two carbon atoms bonded to it.  but,what about the third carbon from the left?unsaturated fats ...if we look at the above example the third and the fourthcarbon atoms have a "double" bond between them and onlyone hydrogen atom each.  this is an example of an unsaturated bonding, ie not as many hydrogen atoms arebonded to the carbon atom as there could be.  if we makethe rest of this molecule linolenate and name this according to the location of the double bond what wouldwe call this fatty acid?  polyunsaturated fatty acids ... these are fatty acids thathave more than one "double" bond.  lineolate is a good example of one having double bonds at the 9th and 12thcarbon atoms (from the acid end) or the 9th, 12th and 15th carbon atoms.essential fatty acids ... "mammals lack the enzymes tointroduce double bonds at carbon atoms beyond c-9 in thefatty acid chain."  stryer biochemistry 4th edition p623this can be a source of confusion since the above statementis counting from the acid end and the omega acids are counting from the omega end.  the two main "essential"fatty acids are:linolenate (w-3)also known as alpha linolenic acid(lna)linoleate (w-6)also known as linoleic acid (la) the w-3 tells you that the first double bond will be atthe third carbon atom from the w- end.  the w-6 tells youthat the first double bond will be at the sixth carbon atom from the w- end.  these acids are termed "essential"because human (mammalian) biochemistry cannot synthesize them.  insulin and glucagon revisited ...just an aside here, but it is worth mentioning again in thisdiscussion of fat metabolism.  in starvation the level of free fatty acids rises because of the hormones glucagonand epinephrine.  glucagon "mobilizes / utilizes" fat andstimulates the breakdown of fat in the fat cells. insulinby contrast however, inhibits the breakdown of fat and actually promotes the storage of fat / energy.the good fats ...both of the above fats are "good" fats and necessary for human biochemistry to proceed normally. the omega-6 linoleicacid can be found in more foods than the omega-3 linolenicacid. people are typically deficient in the omega-3 linolenicacid.  the good fatty acids "compete" with the bad fatty acids(saturated animal fat, trans-fats etc) and diets that are too heavy in the bad fats make it difficult for the good fatsto do their required biochemistry.  also, it is felt that thereshould be a balance maintained between the omega-3 and the omega-6 fatty acids.  the ideal intake ratio of omega-6 toomega-3 should be close to 1:1. however, most americans geta ratio closer to 25:1 (too much omega-6 relative to omega-3).what do efa's do ...efa's are integral to cell wall maintainance, the immunesystem, nervous system, cardiovascular and reproductivesystems. they are precursors to the fatty acids necessaryfor prostaglandin formation, which control vital functionsheart rate, blood pressure, immune function, fertility andblood clotting.  symptoms of omega3/6 imbalance and or deficiency ...omega 6/3 imbalance is associated with many symptoms including depression, insulin resistance, diabetes,cancer, heart disease, aging, obesity and schizophrenia.food sources ...flaxseed oil is probably the easiest and best way to coveryour efa requirement.  one tablespoon of flaxseed oil perday will give you the necessary omega-3 linolenic acid you need.  this is also an excellent source of omega-6linoleic acid.  other sources of omega-3 linolenic acidare:walnuts, pumpkin seeds, brazil nuts, sesame seeds, avocados, some dark leafy green vegetables (kale, spinach, purslane, mustard greens, collards, etc.), canola oil (cold-pressed and unrefined), soybean oil, wheat germ oil, salmon, mackerel, sardines, anchovies, albacore tuna sources of linoleic acids (omega-6) areflaxseed oil, flaxseeds, flaxseed meal, grapeseed oil,pumpkin seeds, pine nuts, pistachio nuts, sunflower seeds(raw), olive oil, olives, borage oil, evening primrose oil, black currant seed oil, chestnut oil, chicken, corn, safflower, sunflower, soybean, cottonseed oils  (thank pamrotilla.com for these sources)refined oils ...it must be stressed here that any oil that has been refinedwill have no efa activity.  the essential fatty acidsare very unstable and will not tolerate either light orincreased temperature.  your flaxseed (or any) oil should notbe refined.  while refining may produce a pretty, clear oil,it destroys most of the good things found in oils includingvitamin e.  make sure your source for efa's is kept inthe refrigerator section of your grocery, in an opaque bottle.thank you for your time ...

posted by john mericle m.d. d.a.b.r. @ 6:55 pm
2 comments






wednesday, july 13, 2005



	 
	 angina doesn't care if you are half-right
	 
    
comment from one of our readers ...i did find it interesting that your list of recommended books did not include any by ornish, mcdougall and others.but then i recognize that you stress the elimination of sugarwhile the others stress the reduction of fats.  it seems tome to be different paths to the same place of greater health.mary annwinnipeg, manitobadiscussion:so much for genetics ...my father had diabetes, my mother had diabetes and of course,you would expect that at some point, i would have it . some wouldpoint to a "genetic" pre-disposition.  i feel that it is muchmore likely  a "lifestyle" pre-disposition.  i drank a lot of cow's milk as a child and ate more than my share of "boxes of 24 clark bars from the local shell gas station."the eisenhower tunnel 1974driving through the eisenhower tunnel in the fall of 1974 ihad this "unusual" pain in my chest.  i thought to myself then-could this be angina?  january 1975 i would self-medicate myself through a bad episode of bilateral pyelonephritis(kidney infection).  fall 1990 on an attempted 20 mile runaround lake wawasee in indiana, i would stop at twelve milesdue to severe chest pain into my left arm, relieved by rest.that afternoon still feeling bad, i would sit and wonder what they would do if i went to an emergency room.  how could this be angina?  i was in year thirteen of a daily running streak and had been vegan for all those years.  about three years later, circa spring 1993, i headed out for a seven mile run from broad ripple in indianapolis on thebeautiful canal path, only to have to stop in the first half-mile.  that is the first and last run i have ever hadto stop anytime in the first mile.  i had severe chest pain into my throat, left arm then right arm, thenthe whole upper half of my body.  this was accompanied by some dizziness, disorientation and an extreme uneasiness. i managed to run / walk another six miles.  i would rest for a while, let the pain subside, then run till it got bad again, and then rest.  the answer ...i would have to wait until july 5th, 1997, to get my answer.on june 23 of that year i fell and broke the fifth metatarsalin my right foot.  i managed to run the next day, but it wasvery painful.  however, the fracture healed very rapidly.while at work on saturday july 5th, i had one of the radiology techs at st. anthony's hospital take a film.  i was right about the fracture as i had suspected.  beinga radiologist trained to look at the whole film, i as usual, examined the whole film.  i couldn't believe it wheni saw it.  atherosclerotic vascular calcification of the monckeberg variety (diabetes), in my right foot.  i expectedto see that in films of other people, especially at vahospitals, but never in my own foot.the last "six pack of pepsi and late night box of mike and ikes" ...that was the end of my "almost a six pack of pepsi every day"habit.  that was my last late night box of mike and ikes. howcould this be happening to me, a running vegetarian.  i had been a great fan of dr. dean ornish, the "black sheep" cardiologist who now is not quite such a black sheep, whoadvocated a low fat vegetarian diet to reverse heart disease.i pulled his book out of my library and reread it and i quote, "there is no proven relationship between sugar and coronary artery disease."  something here is not quite right.sudden death from "heart attack" in diabetics i remember from my medical school days the old adage that "approximately 50% of all people dying with their firstheart attack with no prior history of coronary disease,would turn out to have adult onset diabetes mellitus." howcan you explain that the days after my anginal episodesi would run normally with no angina as i still do "mostly"in the 26th year of my running streak?  significant obstruction of any of the major coronary vessels wouldnot go away the next day.  why do so many people with diabetesdie with unexpected and undiagnosed coronary disease?coronary arteries and arteriolescoronary artery disease that we talk about is usually thatwhich we can diagnose.  to make the diagnosis, contrast is injected into the coronary arteries and then rapid sequenceimages are obtained.  however, modern imaging techniquescan only measure the larger vessels.  to date, there is noway to image the extremely small vessels (arterioles) wherethe oxygen and nutrient transport takes place.  there are basically two types of atherosclerotic changes.  those thatoccur around areas of normal turbulence, ie wherever an artery bifurcates, there will be some turbulence fromboundary layer separation.  i associate that type of changewith animal protein and fat ingestion.  then there is the sugarinduced calcification that involves the entire artery.  itis systemic and generally speaking if you have it anywhere -you have it everywhere.   stiff pipes ...what does the calcification of the arteries and arteriolesdo?  it causes the artery or arteriole to become stiff, rigid and "non-compliant."  this becomes a rather significantproblem whenever one ingests a large fat load, especiallysome of the bad fat loads that are out there today.  thenormally compliant arteriole can expand to let the largerfat molecules pass.  the stiff, diabetic and non-compliantarteriole cannot accommodate the larger fat molecule andvoila ... it becomes blocked.  does this cause angina?  you bet!  it blocks oxygen and nutrient transportas surely as a permanent lesion in one of the largerarteries proximal to the arteriolar level.  there is however,one major difference -once the fat clears, if you survive,the blockage can be gone.don't be "half-right" ...before my first severe episode of angina i had eaten somefat (olive oil on toast) that i had never had before. abouttwelve miles into that run i had severe angina.  the day beforethe worst episode in broad ripple, i had eaten a vegan sconein bloomington, that was loaded with all kinds of bad fats. most diabetics who die with their first heart attack usually have eaten a big meal, just before the heart attack occurs.  dr. ornish is definitely right about eating low fat.  but, that is only half of the equation.  the other andvery much the larger half, is no sugar -period. the mericlediet and sugar ...the mericlediet is the only "sugarfree" diet plan today.  theintegrated system to cook once a week or so, maintain a refrigerator stocked full of everything from complex carbohydrates like rice and potatoes to lower glycemicindex foods like beans and salads, makes it easy to transitionaway from all the ubiquitous "sugars and sugar substitutes"that are in almost all processed and packaged foods.  also,the mericlediet is the only diet that is 100% organic. ihad to make it sugar free for myself, vegan to reduce therisk of cancer and organic to find any real nutrition.use stevia, if you must have sweet ...for those of you who have been on this list for some time youalready know about stevia. stevia is a naturally occurring sweetener that has also been demonstrated to lower blood pressure.  for more information click on the link below.for more information on stevia to visit carol bond health foods for stevia(stevita on her site)thanks for your time.

posted by john mericle m.d. d.a.b.r. @ 6:29 pm
0 comments






wednesday, july 06, 2005



	 
	 medical bankruptcy
	 
    
headlines from the washington post"sick and broke"by elizabeth warrenwednesday, february 9, 2005; page a23 nobody's safe. that's the warning from the first large-scalestudy of medical bankruptcy. health insurance? that didn't protect 1 million americans whowere financially ruined by illness or medical bills last year. a comfortable middle-class lifestyle? good education? decent job? no safeguards there. most of the medically bankrupt were middle-class homeowners who had been to college and had responsible jobs -- until illness struck. as part of a research study at harvard university, our researchers interviewed 1,771 americans in bankruptcy courts across the country. to our surprise, half said that illness or medical bills drove them to bankruptcy. so each year, 2 million americans -- those who file and their dependents -- face the double disaster of illness and bankruptcy. but the bigger surprise was that three-quarters of the medically bankrupt had health insurance. how did illness bankrupt middle-class americans with health insurance? for some, high co-payments, deductibles, exclusions from coverage and other loopholes left them holding the bag for thousands of dollars in out-of-pocket costs when serious illness struck. but even families with cadillac coverage were often bankrupted by medical problems. too sick to work, they suddenly lost their jobs. with the jobs went most of their income and their health insurance -- a quarter of all employers cancel coverage the day you leave work because of a disabling illness; another quarterdo so in less than a year. many of the medically bankrupt qualified for some disability payments (eventually), and hadthe right under the cobra law to continue their health coverage-- if they paid for it themselves. but how many families canafford a $1,000 monthly premium for coverage under cobra,especially after the breadwinner has lost his or her job? often, the medical bills arrived just as the insurance and the paycheck disappeared. bankrupt families lost more than just assets. one out of five went without food. a third had their utilities shut off, and nearly two-thirds skipped needed doctor or dentist visits. these families struggled to stay out of bankruptcy. they arrived at the bankruptcy courthouse exhausted and emotionally spent, brought low by a health care system that could offerphysical cures but that left them financially devastated. many in congress have a response to the problem of the growing number of medical bankruptcies: make it harder forfamilies to file bankruptcy regardless of the reason for their financial troubles. bankruptcy legislation -- widely known as the credit industry wish list -- has been introduced yet again to increase costs and decrease protection for every family that turns to the bankruptcy system for help. with the dramatic rise in medical bankruptcies now documented, this tired approach would be no different than a congressional demand to close hospitals in response to a flu epidemic. makingbankruptcy harder puts the fallout from a broken health care system back on families, leaving them with no escape. the problem is not in the bankruptcy laws. the problem is in the health care finance system and in chronic debates about reforming it. the harvard study shows: • health insurance isn't an on-off switch, giving full protection to everyone who has it. there is real coverage and there is faux coverage. policies that can be canceled when you need them most are often useless. so is bare-bonescoverage like the utah medicaid program pioneered by new health and human services secretary mike leavitt; it pays for primary care visits but not specialists or hospital care. we need to talk about quality, durable coverage, not just about how to get more names listed on nearly-useless insurance policies. • the link between jobs and health insurance is strained beyond the breaking point. a harsh fact of life in america is that illness leads to job loss, and that can mean a double kick when people lose their insurance. promising them high-priced coverage through cobra is meaningless if they can't afford to pay. comprehensive health insurance is the only real solution, not just for the poor but for middle-classamericans as well. without better coverage, millions more americans will be hitby medical bankruptcy over the next decade. it will not be limited to the poorly educated, the barely employed or the uninsured. the people financially devastated by a serious illness are at the heart of the middle class. every 30 seconds in the united states, someone files forbankruptcy in the aftermath of a serious health problem. time is running out. a broken health care system is bankrupting families across this country. the writer is a law professor at harvard university. discussion:elizabeth is to be commended for the fine article above whichdeals with so many of the problems associated with our healthdelivery system today.  during my last days in the radiologydepartment i had become increasingly concerned that we weren'tdoing something right for the vast majority of so many sickpeople.  i was seeing more advanced disease earlier and earlierin life.  you could never convince me that we have extendedthe "useful" lifespan of anyone.  in fact i don't think now that the lifespan is extended anyway.  i saw way too many young women in their forties die of breast cancer and manymen of similar age with advanced heart and carotid vasculardisease.  becoming proactive ...you could just wait until you get ill, lose your mortgage andhouse, file bankruptcy and try to pay your medical bills withyour credit cards or ... you can adopt your own life and healthinsurance plan.  by taking an active part in your own healthand learning what you can, you can seriously reduce your riskfor "wallet" threatening disease.  getting sick is badenough without having to be broke, out of your job and your house.  get good insurance, health insurance and also while youare at it -some proactive quality of life insurance.  the mericlediet will reduce your risk for disease about as muchas it can be reduced.  the mericlediet "quality of life insurance policy"while health insurance costs in the hundred of dollarsper month and catastrophic health care costs in the thousandsper month -the mericlediet and the information associatedwith it is a real bargain at $49 one time fee for life.even if you utilize just a tenth of the available information, it is easily worth much more than that.for more information please click on the link below.visit the mericledietthanks for your time.copyright © john mericle m.d. all rights reserved

posted by john mericle m.d. d.a.b.r. @ 5:37 pm
0 comments






thursday, june 30, 2005



	 
	 glucagon fat-burning aging -breakfast how not to start the day part iii
	 
    
a question from one of our readers:dr. mericle, with respect to burning "fat" energy in the mornings before eating, what if you are not a long distance runner?  the average person is not, particularly someone who is overweight.  a typical run for me in my current condition is 2-3 miles.  would i still be burning fat with a 25-30 min. jog?joleeanswer:  yes, you would still be burning fat as long as youstay in a glucagon state.this is a very good question since most people today don't runat all -much less even 2-3 miles a day.  this touches on one ofthe most important aspects of the mericlediet and exerciseas it relates to weight loss.  exercise for your immune system,but don't rely on exercise to lose weight and or keep weight off.  even running seven miles a day is not enough to burnany significant calories.back to the glucagon state of energy utilization in the last newsletter i discussed the importance of enteringa glucagon state for some part of every day.  for me,running helps as it is a real distraction, something i do every day and i have my own rule of never eating before i run.the reason for not eating is that it is a lot easier to run in a state of energy utilization (glucagon) , not energy storage (insulin).  usually in hot weather i will run first thing in the morning.  this actually shortens my glucagon phase ascompared to running in the late afternoon.  usually if it ishot and i run early, i will try not to eat when i get backfrom the run until noon at the earliest.  this gives me at least four or five hours in a glucagon state -higher energylevels and i get a lot more done. if you are going to eatearly in the day, it is best to eat low on the glycemic index.organic fruit, carrot or celery sticks and fresh organicsalads are good choices.you don't need to exercise to enter a glucagon stateexercise can help to get you into a glucagon phase but is not necessary.  all you really have to do is not go into an insulinstate by eating.  most of us are going to eat something duringmost days but it is optimal if you can limit the time of foodingestion to the mid-day hours, noon to 6:pm or so.  you will have a good glucagon phase in the morning and not goto bed on a large load of insulin in the evening.  as mentionedpreviously, hyperinsulinism is implicated in many of our serious lifestyle illnesses.dr. roy walford and caloric restrictionit may seem hard to believe, but during periods of starvationduring wwii, those who had their caloric intake reduced, had improvement in diseases such as heart disease and cancer.it was also noted that they did not age as much.  this hasbeen studied by the late dr. roy walford, who was part of thebiosphere.  there is no question that calorically restrictedmice age much more slowly than those who are allowed to eatwhat they want.  dr. walford also made the point that the calories that are eaten must be "nutritionally dense."  thisis also one of the premises of the mericlediet.  i don't want to suggest that one live a life of caloric restriction,but there is no doubt that reducing your caloric intake andnot eating as often or as much will improve your health and slow your aging.insulin glucagon agingsomewhere in the basic premise of caloric restriction andretarded aging is the yin and yang of human energy management -glucagon and insulin.  too much of either is not good and as noted previously, most people in americahave way too much insulin.  if you want to feel better andlook better while you age more slowly, think glucagon,not insulin. try to achieve "balance" between them.  if you spend four hours a day in an insulin state, try to spend at least as much time in a glucagon state. conclusionunderstanding how glucagon and insulin affect your health and your weight is one of the most important concepts one can learn.  not only will you be able to work better, feelbetter and control your weight more easily, there now is impressive evidence that restricting your insulin secretionby reducing your frequency and quantity of feedings willretard aging.  reference:dr. walford and caloric restrictionhttp://www.walford.comstryer biochemistry fourth editionthanks for your time.copyright © john mericle m.d. all rights reserved

posted by john mericle m.d. d.a.b.r. @ 6:24 pm
1 comments










drmericle.com is devoted to achieving optimal health and peak performance through diet and lifestyle change. dr. mericle brings together a unique blend of formal medical education, 29 marathons, 3 hawaii ironman competitions and a lot of practical real life experience.

about me

name:  john mericle m.d. d.a.b.r. 

view my complete profile

previous posts

complications of coronary artery bypass surgery
chunky cole slaw
asbestos asbestosis mesothelioma
essential fatty acids efa's
angina doesn't care if you are half-right
medical bankruptcy
glucagon fat-burning aging -breakfast how not to s...
breakfast -how not to start the day part ii
breakfast -how not to start the day part 1
axiom number three -it's hard to lose weight in an...

archives

february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
june 2006
june 2008


recommended reading
dr. mericle's ebooks
seven days of great tasting vegan meals based on the mericlediet $5


the dangers of added sweeteners $11

includes "seven days of great tasting vegan meals."



marcia angell m.d. tells the truth about how the drug companies control medicine.




the landmark study regarding the relationship between diet and 
health.




sugar blues ... one of the real orignals regarding
the toxicity of common table sugar, which i conveniently
ignored until it was too late.  



one of the earliest "great places" to start learning about diet, health
and vegetarian cooking.





one very comprehensive and well written book about the relationship between diet
and health.  a definite must read for sure.




if you are concerned about the dangers of meat
and what really goes into pet foods this is a great quick read.




if you want to bake great whole grain bread (especially desem bread)
this is the book.




some great advice from the late dr. frank oski on the 
dangers of milk.




more on the dangers of milk, "milk the deadly poison."




a surgeon discusses the relationship between breast cancer 
and diet.  an absolute must read for all women concerned 
about breast cancer.  











 





