










an all-inclusive adults-only st maarten resort | ocean point























































































 warm vibes, cool deals: winter savings up to 35% off!






maho beach web cam
join travel pass
my reservation
online check-in
























resorts

maho beach
ocean point


destination
weddings
groups
tours
casino
spa
bookresort + air

maho beach
ocean point


bookresort only

maho beach
ocean point














 











sonesta ocean point resort






suites
butler service
all-inclusive
specials
our resort
gallery






















an all-inclusive, adults-only luxury resort experience
chic and sustainable, the all-inclusive, adults-only, all-suite sonesta ocean point resort embraces a uniquely designed contemporary caribbean style.
the spectacular 130 suite “resort within a resort” features an array of exclusive, award-winning pools, bars and al-fresco dining experiences. try our signature azul restaurant, the new italian restaurant, portofino, and the new healthy, poké-inspired bluefin restaurant + bar. also enjoy the ocean point fitness center that has the most stunning panoramic views of maho bay.




contact
reservations1.800.223.0757reservations@sonestastmaarten.com
+1.721.545.2115










ocean point resort
1a rhine rdmaho village maho bay, sint maarten















exclusive deals

enjoy an unforgettable vacation with sun, sea, and sand. book with confidence, benefiting from flexible cancellations and unbeatable rates. discover the best offer to find your perfect fit.







warm vibes, cool deals
save up to 35% off our standard rates on your st. maarten escape! experience paradise for less with stays through december 23, 2025.

book now

warmvibes
book online, call 1.800.223.0757 (us & canada) or +1.721.546.6222 (international).
experience the warmth of winter in st. maarten with savings up to 35% off standard rates. with free cancellation up to 14 days prior, it’s the perfect time to plan your caribbean escape!

travel through: december 23, 2025
no minimum stay required
cancel free up to 14 days prior to arrival

payment policy: full prepayment is required at time of reservation and deposit becomes non-refundable 14 days prior to arrival. all payments due or cancellations and no-show fees will be charged to the card used in the reservation process.
general terms and conditions apply



promo details







save even more with resort plus air
bundle with flights and save up to 50%! enjoy better rates than our top promos, combine with 300+ airlines, plus option to pay over time.

book now

promo details:
bundle your stay with airfare and save more! with access to over 300 airlines, you can fly from anywhere to your dream all-inclusive sonesta resorts sint maarten vacation.
enjoy our best rates, a flexible cancellation policy, optional trip insurance, and a pay-over-time program for the ultimate bundled booking experience.
book a complete vacation getaway, including airfare, at sonesta resorts sint maarten and earn travelpass™ points on the room portion of your package. vacation smarter with us!
general terms and conditions apply



promo details







big savings for caribbean residents
our caribbean neighbors enjoy a special discount of up to 50% off year-round with no minimum stay. book your getaway now!

book now

promo code: carib
book online, call 1.800.223.0757 (us & canada) or +1.721.546.6222 (international).
this rate is for caribbean residents only and requires a caribbean address during the reservation process. proof of residency and caribbean id verification are required upon arrival. failure to show a valid caribbean resident id will result in a full rate charge.
general terms and conditions apply



promo details







more specials







the resort also offers 24-hour in-room dining, and exemplary service from a personalized concierge and butler service in the top category suites. as a sonesta ocean point resort guest, you will also have access to more facilities at the adjacent fun-for-all sonesta maho beach resort, casino & spa.
vibrant live music, unique in-resort experiences, well-being and fitness program, and the island’s largest gaming emporium and theatre casino royale, which is located at the heart of maho village, all culminate in the most sophisticated holiday retreat in sint maarten.







what our guests say







excellent weddingmoon week. our butlers were the best! food excellent! can’t wait to go back. — m. pope, facebook





we had an absolutely wonderful time attending a destination wedding and a week with family and friends. all inclusive with no exceptions. awesome food and people working there! — a. meyer, facebook









more testimonials










this is without a doubt the best place to vacation at. the experience i have had at this resort has been outstanding. whenever i needed anything, it was promptly taken care of. establishment was kept clean around the clock. transportation was easily accessible. i will definitely be back. — d. radford, facebook.





the food at azul and portofino were great! we had a group of 6 and always found something to please everyone. we live in a city with a large italian section that has exceptional food. the pesto ravioli and seafood pasta at portofino was the best we have had. bluefin and pizzeria napoli were good for grabbing a snack. we had room service several mornings (coffee and fruit) and one evening. the food arrived very quickly and we had no complaints. — j. mccurren, customer survey questionnaire





azul restaurant was the best restaurant i have ever been too. the people, scenery and food were both amazing. portofino restaurant was a close second with bluefin dinner. i was gluten free and these three restaurants were super accommodating. overall the ocean point restaurants are 5 star for sure and will be very hard to beat. all the staff at the point pool and onezero bar and all the staff at the ocean point restaurants were amazing. this is the most friendly island we have been too. i would also like to thank the housekeeping staff as our room was always clean and very comfortable. the shower was awesome compared to other resorts we have been at and the room was very clean. — d. zuber, customer survey questionnaire





i was attending a conference that was based at this property. arrival was lovely. checkin was smooth and quick. the rooms were beautiful and spacious. i was in meetings most of the time so i did not use many of the facilities but the meeting space was beautiful and the banquet food was delicious. the staff was wonderful. the entertainment was amazing and the food was great. — l. long, customer survey questionnaire





my boyfriend and i visited sonesta ocean point resort… it was truly an amazing beautiful experience- service excellent, food spectacular, enjoyable drinks, grounds well maintained, pools awesome, rooms delightful, and more. the view from our room was of the pool, airport/airplanes, maho bay/beach, and palm trees. the bathroom had a rainfall and regular shower heads, was spacious, very clean, and robes/slippers were provided giving a luxurious feeling to the entire experience. the bed was comfortable and bedding nice. had a nice balcony which had chairs and small table. walked out there one morning to find my boyfriend down on one knee, he took my hand in his and asked me to marry him. this place will always have a special place in our hearts and memories. — j. parks, google business





my wife and i just returned from a wonderful stay at sonesta ocean point. this was the perfect location for a couple’s stay at an all-inclusive resort. the food at azul was excellent and that was the restaurant we kept returning to. we stayed in a sunset butler swim-out suite and the view from the upgraded room was excellent! it was definitely worth the upgrade.
our butlers were exceptional at giving advice for things to do and ensuring we had anything we needed. the butler helped us also arrange our covid testing for the return flight back. st. maarten is still in a bit of rebuilding from past hurricanes, but they have come a long way in the past few years and enough shops and restaurants off site were open for us to have activities to do. there are also tours and excursions you can set up at the resort for other off property entertainment.
the casino was nice and large enough to offer entertainment, we saw a few nice weddings being held, and lots of people who wanted a relaxing honeymoon. maho beach is famous for planespotting and you can get a great view from the resort itself. you will hear plenty of planes coming in but that’s half the fun of staying there! lots of oceanfront dining options, excellent service, and a wonderful place for a couple to spend a week! — v. bevins, google business





 














subscribe for exclusive offers
be the first to know about our limited-time offers, irresistible sales, and exciting new packages. don’t miss out on your chance to indulge in unforgettable experiences at unbeatable prices. join our community today and treat yourself to a world of savings!


please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *firstlastemail *gdpr agreement *i consent to receiving promotional offers from sonesta resorts in st maarten, from time to time. we respect your privacy. *start saving today! 
















sonesta resorts sint maarten

1 rhine rd
maho, sint maarten
phone
+1.721.545.2115
reservations
1.800.223.0757 (us & canada)
+1.721.546.6222
reservations@sonestastmaarten.com



daily activites & venue hours




ocean point daily activities
maho beach daily activities










useful links




awards
press  / media
download resort app
recent media coverage
hurricane policy
travel with peace of mind
guest conduct policy
pet policy
maho beach live airport cam












follow us

followfollowfollowfollow

website




privacy policy
terms of use
do not sell or share my data










book now







© 2025 sonesta international hotel corporation



 




 






								×
							









 exclusive offers await!
be the first to know about our irresistible deals! sign up now and unlock exclusive offers.


please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *firstlastemail *gdpr agreement *i consent to receiving promotional offers from sonesta resorts in st maarten, from time to time. we do not sell or share your data. easy opt-out at any time. *yes, sign me up! 




 



 














































