




























the arboretum · connecticut college

















































skip to main content






connecticut college





 
apply


connections


make a gift


 
















close





about connecticut collegeacademicsadmission & financial aidalumni & life after connathleticscampus & communitycareer preparationhuman resourcesstudent experience









calendar
news
directory
library & it
cc magazine
site map


camelweb







close



search query















connecticut college arboretum











visit
programs & activities
about us
join & support
resources












home home the arboretum




























a chance to wander and explore.
the connecticut college arboretum connects us to the natural world. with opportunities for exploration, teaching, research, conservation, recreation and public education, we are open to the public daily, at no charge. come and enjoy our plant collections and natural areas, register for an enriching workshop, join us for a guided tour or choose a self-guided tour. whatever your pleasure, we invite you to come to the arboretum and enjoy. learn more. 



















stay up to date with the latest and greatest from the connecticut college arboretum. subscribe with us to get the monthly e-newsletter and get info about our upcoming programs, workshops, special events, and more!



subscribe to our e-newsletter










ready. set. explore! 





 


















programs and activities
















interactive maps and tours
















plant collections and natural landscapes
















publications
















ecological landscaping
















connecticut's notable trees
















natural areas

















arboretum spotlight








 the 2024/2025connecticut college arboretumannual photo contestis now accepting photo entries!
 click here for more info

 
 
 february/march programs
for more information about each program and to register,go to the programs & activities page or click on the "register here" links below.  
  
tuesday, february 25fruit tree pruning
register here
saturday, march 1winter tree identification
this program is offered in partnership with new london trees.

register here
saturday, march 22the art & science of pruning
register here
saturday, march 29growing mushrooms on logs
register here
 





join us and support











 become a member or renew membership

there are so many ways that you can effect positive change in this world. the environment needs you and so does connecticut college arboretum. when you support the arboretum you support 750 acres of cultivated gardens, natural areas and conservation land. 
join, renew, support





 gift a membership

gift a membership to a family member or friend and support the arboretum’s sustainability efforts in nurturing trees, plant collections and natural areas.
give a gift





 become a volunteer



would you like to join us and help beautify and conserve the landscape? there are many ways that you can get involved, including landscape maintenance, guiding visitors, plant curation and staffing public programs.
find out more















in the arboretum


























































arboretum office

p: 860-439-5020
e: arbor@conncoll.edu 



mailing addressconnecticut college arboretum270 mohegan avenuenew london, ct 06320
 


main office
33 gallows lane, suite 114
 


social media

facebook
instagram
twitter
flickr







 

 
connecticut college





    270 mohegan avenue
    new london, ct 06320
  

admission@conncoll.edu



1 (860) 447-1911


    web privacy policy
    

    web accessibility notice
    







facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube
linkedin
tiktok




notice of nondiscriminatory policy as to students
connecticut college admits students of any race, color, national and ethnic origin to all the rights, privileges, programs, and activities generally accorded or made available to all students at the college. it does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national and ethnic origin in administration of its educational policies, admission policies, scholarship and loan programs, and athletic and other college administered programs.



















   


