

foreskin restoration information






foreskin restoration
books, videos, devices and groups

foreskin restoration is becoming increasingly popular in the u.s. and around the world among men who were forcibly circumcised as children, or who willingly underwent circumcision as adults and now regret that decision.
a groundbreaking study  showed that circumcision significantly reduces male sexual sensitivity. a preliminary poll of circumcised men published in 1999 documents the harm done to men from childhood circumcision. a larger followup  survey in 2012 (published in 2017) expands understanding about  the harm created by circumcision. read the summary or the full report. another, even larger, survey in 2021 of circumcision sufferers and foreskin restorers was published in 2023. download the abridged summary and unabridged supplement here. 
the physical, 
      sexual and psychological benefits of what many men refer to as "foreskin restoration" are numerous. to be clear, however, once the foreskin is destroyed by circumcision, remedial efforts to  approximate the look, function and feel of the natural foreskin are the next best alternative to the "real thing". what is being accomplished is in many ways "uncircumcision."
non-surgical 
    foreskin restoration is relatively simple, affordable and painless. the restorer 
    is in complete control of the outcome. 
surgical 
    foreskin restoration is painful, imperfect and costly, and the restorer has 
    no control over the outcome. 
listed 
    below are many of the products, support groups and websites to help circumcised 
    men regain their genital integrity. 








restoration products 
these popular foreskin restoration devices are widely used to repair circumcision damage.
p.u.d. - penile uncircumcising device
special inventory closeout pricing! (50% off. effective 02 january 2024; while supplies last) 
one of the simplest and most effective stainless steel products for foreskin restoration.
 

the vacutrac - this device is no longer manufactured or sold 
an extremely effective restoration device that combines weight and vacuum to dramatically reduce the amount of "wearing time" (compared to other restoration devices). 


foreballs - this device is no longer manufactured or sold 
stainless steel weights in a variety of sizes used by many restoring men.

as of december 2012, the foreballs restoration device is no longer manufactured. 
we recommend that you consider the p.u.d. restoration device click here


introducing foregen
visit www.foregen.org 
        new hope for those suffering from circumcision and other genital injuries. promoting genital integrity through regenerative medicine. 

  


 


books 






undoubtedly, the best book on the subject of foreskin restoration (out of print but e-book is available):





e-book version now available!
the joy
                  of uncircumcising! 
by jim bigelow



 


circumcision scar
one man's lifelong struggle with recurring nightmares leads him to discover repressed memories of his neonatal circumcision. a compelling narrative about medical and religious oppression of children, parallels with lgbt history, a journey toward foreskin restoration, and how christian american doctors forced a nation into denial about male anatomy. 
buy | alt: www.circumcisionscar.com
 

"...a powerful and moving narrative of suffering and recuperation. this unflinching memoir could be a valuable resource for readers researching the negative effects of circumcision." 
- booklife reviews 
"jackson's honesty provides a new way of looking at a practice that is rarely discussed. in the end, this intriguing subject is not only brought to light, but also done so in an impassioned way." 
- kirkus reviews


 





paperback and kindle  now available!
circumcision is a fraud:
                    the coming legal reckoning 
  
by peter adler, ma, jd 



 




 




videos
these 
              videos discuss why many circumcised men are unhappy 
              about circumcision, as well as how to restore the foreskin.
restoration in focus
a comprehensive video demonstrating the process for repairing the damage of circumcision through manual foreskin restoration, which materials are needed and where to get them. the reasons why a man subjected to circumcision at birth would desire foreskin restoration, and what benefits can be derived from it, are explored in the video whose body, whose rights?

 whose 
              body, whose rights?
this video contains footage of men discussing the benefits of foreskin restoration. by far the most comprehensive 
              video on the subject of male circumcision, and the only such program 
              to gain recognition through several awards and broadcast by pbs. 
              


they 
              cut babies, don't they? one man's struggle against circumcision 
              
this 
              video contains footage of men discussing the benefits of foreskin 
              restoration, as well as explicit images of the methods used by these 
              men to accomplish foreskin restoration. if at times the voices of men against circumcision sound strident, this video will surely explain why.




special discount offer when you purchase dvd versions plus e-books! 


"focus" dvd +
        circumcision exposed [paperback]
"focus" dvd + joy of uncircumcising! e-book +
        circumcision exposed [paperback] 


 





 


 


 


 






foreskin 
                restoration support groups
these 
                organizations are extremely helpful to men who are considering, 
                or in the process of, foreskin restoration. they offer valuable 
                ongoing technical assistance and moral support. individual contacts 
                and groups are located throughout the united states and in numerous 
                countries throughout the world. major websites are listed 
                below:



national 
                  organization of restoring men (n.o.r.m.)
http://www.norm.org
n.o.r.m. - southern california 
http://www.norm-socal.org
n.o.r.m. 
                  - united kingdom
http://www.norm-uk.org/








 




view larger image

own a piece of history
- limited quantity -  
 
body integrity
        a basic human right
 circumcision harms. protect children.


noharmm body integrity poster (1998) 
posters are available in limited quantity (less than 100)
        and are suitable for framing.
purchases support the ongoing work of the global survey of circumcision harm.
 
learn more 




important off-site links: 




view survey results from men who have documented their harm from circumcision   global survey of circumcision harm


urge the media to report circumcision harm and the functions of the foreskin   sign the petition










©2001-2023— contact 
this site is generously hosted by intaction, inc.
 

 


