






 
















home - the jerusalem connection report

















































































































skip to content



make a donation!

 0



view cartcheckout 

no products in the cart. 


subtotal: $0.00 

view cartcheckout 







the jerusalem connection report
american israeli news and updates

home red alert bible fiber blogevents  about us projectsrevelations: discovery through partnership rebuild kibbutz be’eri! holocaust education fund operation aliyah operation life for israel  donate contact 
facebook page opens in new windowx page opens in new windowyoutube page opens in new windowlinkedin page opens in new windowpinterest page opens in new windowrss page opens in new window



 
home red alert bible fiber blogevents  about us projectsrevelations: discovery through partnership rebuild kibbutz be’eri! holocaust education fund operation aliyah operation life for israel  donate contact 








signup for free!


signup to receive the red alert with amy zewe on wednesdays and bible fiber with shelley neese on fridays!







tjci vs antisemitismlearn morerevelations documentarylearn moreauschwitz album revisitedlearn moreour mission & visionlearn morerecent articles


bible fiber: ezekiel 33

february 13, 2025
welcome to bible fiber, where we explore the textures and shades of the biblical tapestry through twelve minor prophets, two…

read more



red alert: are mental health problems my problems?

february 11, 2025
join us for a conversation with author arlene bridges samuels as we discuss her latest book, mental health meltdown. discover…

read more



bible fiber: ezekiel 32

february 6, 2025
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z4vfhwr3ofa welcome to bible fiber, where we explore the textures and shades of the biblical tapestry through twelve minor prophets,…

read more



bible fiber: ezekiel 31

january 23, 2025
welcome to bible fiber, where we are encountering the textures and shades of the biblical tapestry through twelve minor prophets,…

read more
partner with usto further our three missions in the world:
to glorify the name of yahweh.psalm 34:3to serve as advocates for christian zionism.amos 9:14-15to inform, educate and activate support for israel
and the jewish people.gen. 12:3
make a donation





elevate your bible reading journey


are there parts of your bible that you neglect because the text seems too dense or obscure? accept the bible fiber challenge! engage with god’s written revelation in an all new way. sign up for the weekly email commentary and check out bible fiber’s blog, podcast, and upcoming book!


learn more about bible fiber





videos


watch videos like the truth report, red alert, and our e news!

























the auschwitz album bookletorder now!visit our online shopfor a variety of unique giftsshop now!











can the alarming rise of antisemitism be stopped?the casualty of contempt serves as a clarion call for those who desire to be informed about the growing threat antisemitism poses for all of us and what we can do collectively to prevent its continued expansion on our shores before contempt towards god’s chosen people leads to a terrible casualty for our nation.consider donating $20 to the jerusalem connection and get a copy signed by our own amy zewe, contributing author to this important work.order now!










the jerusalem connection reportphone:(703) 707-0014email:srn@tjci.orgfind us on:facebook page opens in new windowx page opens in new windowyoutube page opens in new windowlinkedin page opens in new windowpinterest page opens in new windowlinkshomered alertbible fiberblogeventsabout usprojectsrevelations: discovery through partnershiprebuild kibbutz be’eri!holocaust education fundoperation aliyahoperation life for israeldonatecontact 








					all rights reserved © 2024 the jerusalem connection report | developed by light alive marketing | view sitemap









go to top




 










































































