



















english major & minor | luther college































































 





 
skip to navigation
skip to search
skip to main content
skip to footer links




request information
visit
apply
 
information for
current students
faculty and staff
alumni and friends
parents and families
 
give today




search



luther college






















menu


academics
admission & aid
athletics
music
student life
 
request information
visit
apply
give today


information for
current students
faculty and staff
alumni and friends
parents and families







search
enter keywords below.




frequently searched keywords:

academic calendar
housing & dining
book shop
contact information
library




close search









english

					major & minor				




menu


curriculum
department information
faculty and staff








home > academics > english major & minor 




learn more
we'd like to send you some information about luther college.captchathis site is protected by recaptcha and the google
    privacy policy and
    terms of service apply.
  





















develop your critical thinking, writing, teamwork skills, creativity, and empathy. prepare for a wide range of careers and an interesting, meaningful life through an english major at luther college.
request information
why study english?
are you curious, creative, and thoughtful? do you love the way reading carries you to new worlds and writing lets you explore who you are and what you believe? by studying english, you’ll get to investigate life—and yourself—through language.
the english major will teach you practical skills too, like critical thinking, strong communication, and empathy—the very skills you’ll need in today’s changing job market.
why study english at luther?
the luther english department is close-knit. the faculty care about you. they share your enthusiasms and frustrations, your challenges and triumphs. they get to know your passions and where you want to grow. they spend time inside and outside the classroom helping you shape your learning.
as an english major, you’ll gather with faculty and fellow students for poetry slams and theatre trips, literary and journalism conferences, and workshops with nationally known writers. you’ll join in english department picnics and conversations out on the campus lawn. you’ll truly connect with your professors and peers, developing the skills, smarts, and soul that will make a difference in your life and the lives of others.










program highlights






						off-campus studies					

see the world, starting with the places behind the stories you love. follow mary shelley’s frankenstein across europe, study theatre in london, write about social justice in south africa, and more.





						internships					

find your writing niche and gain professional experience. luther’s strong alumni network can connect you with internships at arts organizations, publications, media outlets, and more. you can also work in a paid writing position on campus at chips college newspaper or as a writing tutor.




											on-campus opportunities									
courses like writing for media and advanced creative writing help you craft cover letters, connect with literary editors, and position yourself as a working artist in the wider world. you can also connect with professional authors during the luther college writers festival as an event moderator, host, or attendee.









what you’ll learn
as an english major at luther, you’ll become a sophisticated reader, a flexible writer, an active listener, an effective speaker, and a strong creative and critical thinker.
you’ll also grow in ways you might not have imagined. for example, our diverse curriculum and lively class discussions will help develop your moral imagination, empathy, and sense of justice.
you’ll learn about yourself—how to develop a sense of vocation, self-awareness, and agency that will translate not only into professional skills but also into values and habits that will lead to a rewarding and meaningful life.
english major
as an english major, you’ll choose one of three tracks: literature, writing, or teaching. in each track, you’ll take courses on different kinds of writing and literature.
if you pursue the literature track, you’ll take additional courses in american, british, and other literature.
in the writing track, you’ll take additional courses in writing poetry, fiction, nonfiction, technical writing, or writing for media.
in the teaching track, you’ll complete a minor in secondary education. you’ll take courses in rhetoric, linguistics, and young adult literature. you’ll also complete an education clinical.
english minor
an english minor consists of five classes. in the minor, you can specialize in literature or writing.
as an english minor specializing in literature, you’ll take four literature classes and one additional english class.
as a writing minor, you’ll take three writing courses, one literature course, and one additional english class.
curriculum






careers and outcomes
because it hones critical skills like thinking and communication, a luther english major prepares you to work and learn in a variety of fields. a luther english major also prepares you for advanced study in fields like law, ministry, public affairs, library science, speech pathology, and creative writing.
career fields

journalism
publishing
social media
business
teaching and higher education
library and information services
the arts















							part of why i love luther so much is that from the start, the college saw me as a whole person who has a lot to offer and learn, both in and out of the classroom.						

							ethan kober ’24						

							english and religion major						
read ethan's story










							through my luther classes, i’m really used to looking over a large amount of information from disparate sources and synthesizing it to make it more accessible.						

							mackenzie zenk '21						

							legal research associate at thompson reuters 						
















			sigma tau delta		

join the luther chapter of sigma tau delta, an international english honor society. help host lectures and receptions for visiting writers, organize trips to see authors and plays, and attend special social events on campus.












related programs





 communication studies




 law and values




interested in browsing other areas?
back to all programs















luther college









































700 college drive
decorah, iowa 52101 usa


maps & directions
contact us


about luther
book shop
departments
directory
events
jobs at luther
news
offices
our mission


maps & directions
contact us





















it is the policy of luther college to provide equal educational opportunities and equal access to facilities for all qualified persons. the college does not discriminate in employment, educational programs, and activities on the basis of age, color, creed, disability, ethnicity, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal or state law.

back to top




emergency information
privacy statement
title ix
report a problem
 © luther college. all rights reserved.
















 


