
      embers - home loans | credit cards | auto loans | checking accounts
     




























homeskip to main contentskip to footerdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files.       embers credit union log inclose mobile menu

products


accounts


rewards checking

savings accounts

financial planning

certificates



loans


credit card

auto loans

personal loans

recreational loans

home loans



business


business lending

business accounts

treasury management





support


find a location/atm

newsroom

financial calculators

faqs

contact us



who we are

open an account toggle searchlog inopen an accounttoggle navigationclose online bankingonline bankingwelcome back.username forgot password?log indon't have an account? enroll now search this siteenter search terms  start site search close search

quick links


rates

locations & atms

quick pay

for sale

contact us

book an appointment



embers credit union       our branches will be closed on monday, february 17, 2025, in observance of presidents day.  see more  make 2025 your financial glow up
turn resolutions into results.
access our tools to help take your finances to the next level this year.  explore tools    credit card
2% cash back on gas.
earn unlimited 2% cash back on gas purchases and 1% on everything else with the embers credit card. no confusing point system.  learn more  apply now       click here to stop the slider's autoplay feature click here to start the slider's autoplay feature 
spark your financial opportunities
  
2.5k+
trusted homeowners    
4k+
autos currently financed    
3k+
toys currently financed    
450m+
in trusted deposits    
400+
up businesses financed    
31k+
embers members    
130+
embers team members    
70+
years serving the up          accounts
banking for the way you live.
it all starts with understanding what you’re dealing with. finding out what gets you motivated and crafting solutions personally designed to meet your needs and get to the next level.
view account products        loans
products that take you further.
designed specifically to empower you, our suite of loan products aim to provide opportunities that open the doors of homeownership, automobiles, and much more.
view loan products         business
partnerships fueled by passion.
although there are many numbers involved in business, you and your business are not just a number to us. view embers as a partner that’s willing to invest in your future as you begin to fuel the up economy.
view business products    who we are
there's a reason "embers" exists in the word "members."
as members of embers ourselves, we understand how to craft custom financial solutions that are tailored to a certain individual. as community members of the upper peninsula, up here we know it’s the real deal.
get to know us              our rally cry
live it up.
the upper peninsula (up) isn’t like any other place. the unique way of life it offers should be celebrated. at embers, we encourage our members to aspire for more, achieve their financial goals, and of course, enjoy the outdoors and activities in the up - live it up.  so, are you ready to become an embers member?  open an account 

accounts


rewards checking

certificates

savings accounts

financial planning



loans


personal loans

recreational loans

home loans



business


business lending

business accounts



support


find a location/atm

contact us

wire instructions



who we are


rates

about embers



digital banking


enroll now



follow us on facebook follow us on tiktok subscribe to us on youtube follow us on instagram sign up for updatesclose newsletter sign upsign upstay in the loop with embers.* required
leave me blank for email collection.

newsletter sign-up first name * newsletter sign-up last name * newsletter sign-up email address * sign up for email newsletter there was an error submitting the form.noticethis form requires javascript be turned on for it to work. please turn on javascript and refresh the page if you would like to submit an online form. if you cannot turn on javascript, we encourage you to contact your nearest branch location.thank you for your submission!we will be in touch with you soon.routing # 291172844nmls 401812mailing address:1001 w baraga avemarquette, mi 49855phone: 906.228.7080©  embers credit union. equal housing opportunity federally insured by ncua privacy policy back to the top 



