


onehistory, diversity in american history











onehistory.org







african americans, native
americans, hispanic americans, disabled americans, european immigrant
americans, hispanic americans, lbgt americans, children, women, asian
americans, children, veterans, african americans, native americans,
hispanic americans, disabled americans, european immigrant americans,
hispanic americans, lbgt americans, children, women, asian americans,
children, veterans , african americans, native americans, hispanic
americans, disabled americans, european immigrant american










home
about us
 visual history
reading history
  quizzes
 teacher feature index
presentations
 contact us








          new site! 
if you're interested in primary sources, you need to visit . . . 
 



 
it's full of 
psprimary sources
          classroom resources for teaching
          with primary sources
          resources for teaching about bias
          and fake news
aand more! 








 visual history 

looking at history
  (introduction)
visual
  literacy lessons (middle and high school) 
printable
  posters (all ages) 
photo essays and slide
  shows (varying ages) the first are up! check them out. 
presentations
  (varying ages) 

 reading history

historical
  stories (varying ages, low readability)
diversity stories
(varying ages, low readability)
articles and essays (high school and up)
  coming soon!
founding documents
  full text of the declarartion, the preamble, the constitution, the bill
  of rights, and amendments 11 -27. 
great speeches
by frederick douglass, susan b.
  anthony, chief joseph, and more. 
biographies coming soon! 
biographical
  quick reference

bibliographies black women's biography and autobiography; black
  women's history and literature. plus many more are to come! 
books
rules for life

 quizzes 

multicultural literacy quizzes
          

 multicultural history on the web 

asian americans
african americans 
black women 
children 
disabled americans
european immigrant
  americans
 hispanic americans
jewish americans
lgbt americans
 native americans
women 
 veterans


if you would like to suggest another group to be represented
  on onehistory, please email us at info@onehistory.org. 
 
 
 

dive into the diversity of american history! 

          at onehistory.org, our mission is to help teachers, students, and the general public find and listen to all the voices of america, past and present. 
onehistory brings you the diverse people who have created american history. through images, stories, biographies, essays and editorials, onehistory is dedicated to presenting an american history that includes all the participants from the myriad cultures that have made america. 


            want to learn about some of the lesser known (or even unknown) heroes of american history? visit our stories page. challenge your knowledge with our quizzes page!
            history is not only text and stories, however, it is also faces and landscapes. we live in an increasingly visual world and we understand history in an increasingly visual way. therefore, an understanding of visual history and visual literacy is essential to understanding the diversity of american history. 

            want to get away from google images as your main visual research tool? want your students to understand the importance of accurate captions and exciting images for their history fair presentations? visit our visual history pages.

            finally, onehistory provides annotated lists of some of the best of the web. here there are links to websites for asian american history, african american history and children’s history among many others. there is also a page with some of the best image sites on the web as well.

          please come back soon. if there is a particular feature you're interested in, just email us at info@onehistory.org. we'll let you know by email when that feature is on the site and/or updated. 
and remember, the truth is in the details. 
hilary mac austin and kathleen thompson
    onehistory founders 
 





featured . . . 



examining the evidence
seven strategies for teaching with primary sources 
new!
the founders of onehistory, hilary mac austin and kathleen thompson, have written the book on teaching with primary sources. 




green
  history!
the history of environmentalism --green history--is a
  new field of study and an important one. if we are to make a difference
  in the future we will need to understand our past mistakes and
  successes. and there is more information out there than we ever
  imagined. check out this page for timelines dating back into prehistory
  and books on african americans, latino/as, and women in
  environmentalism. 





black
  women's history from every angle!
much of our work has been in the field of black women's
  history so there are a number of additional resources on the black
  women page. have fun looking through bibliographies, quotations, and
  our calendar! 





get
  away from google!
 
this basic introduction to doing image research on the
  internet, with an annotated list of the most valuable sources of
  historical images, is valuable for teachers of all grades and for
  middle and high school students. 






the woman who loved
  all children
 
 the story of katy ferguson, an illiterate former
  slave who created this country's first sunday school is an excellent
  discussion starter for students who face difficulties in their own
  lives. 





chicago history 
since
  onehistory has its home in chicago, we decided to create a chicago
  history page. this city exhibits just about with every aspect of the
  diverse history we are trying to get into our schools, our art, and our
  society. 










 


