







residential housecleaning - everett and kirkland — dana's housekeeping














































                rates & services
              



                faqs
              



                about dana's
              


office numbers



                  everett: 425-332-2627
                



                  kirkland: 425-827-2220
                











dana's housekeeping





                rates & services
              



                faqs
              



                about dana's
              


office numbers



                  everett: 425-332-2627
                



                  kirkland: 425-827-2220
                




















professional residential housecleaning services in washington state.find your office





dana's housekeeping

 

since 1984 we have been the largest housekeeping referral agency in the puget sound. we find and refer professional housekeepers to clients who want their homes cleaned. we offer very flexible hours of service and a wide variety of special talents and we review your housekeeper's performance frequently. contact us for a housecleaning quote today!  

 











residential housecleaningweekly and bi-weekly servicewith our personalized housecleaning service and flexible schedules you can't go wrong getting our reoccurring cleaning service. great for busy professionals, families and anyone who needs the extra help. give yourself a breather and let us do dirty work.













move in & move outtake some stress out of movingnot many things are more exhausting then having to clean your house after you move and before you move in to your new place! let us tackle the clean up so you can focus on packing, unpacking and your family.

 











post constructionbrand new homes need special cleaningbrand new homes can be really dirty! call us to do the dirty work for you. let our housekeepers get your new home move in clean and ready for your family. remove some stress out of moving, contact us today for a quote.













occasional cleaninggreat for extra help when you need it mosthosting a get together or a party? family visiting? just want some help with an occasional professional clean? let us help you make a great impression. contact us to schedule a housecleaning today!



get rates for these services




    find your office
  












     





testimonials




“i had the best experience with dana’s housekeeping. i really liked the woman who came to clean my condo, barbara. she was very sweet, diligent, and truly did a wonderful job cleaning. she gave me good suggestions on cleaning products to purchase. it was a good experience. the prices were very reasonable. dana’s housekeeping came highly recommended to me after i was using another service that was charging me twice as much as they did. they’re much more affordable and also are much more thorough. i’m very pleased with the service and will continue to use them.”

— lea g., seattle, wa




“dana’s housekeeping always does an amazing job cleaning my house. i am really picky when it comes to cleaning and i have to say that dana’s housekeeping does it all. they always show up on time and are polite, professional, and meticulous. they clean everything! my walls, counters, even the top of the fridge. the prices are very competitive and it’s always easy to schedule with them. i’m really pleased with them.”

— shirley h., everett, wa




“this was my first time using dana’s housekeeping. they did a four hour cleaning and had great, personalized service. i got a call the day before to confirm the cleaning appointment. before the cleaner left, she wrote a note with all the extra cleanings she did beyond what i asked for. the pricing was reasonable, they were quick to answer my questions, and i will most likely use their services again.”

— elaine. w, kirkland, wa




“exceptional job. rachel has been cleaning my house for a couple of months and she is the best! i’ve had many different house cleaners in my lifetime and she’s the first one who’s taken initiative and really goes for it, her cleaning is thorough and i’ve never experienced this level of competency. my experience with dana’s housekeeping has been exceptionally great. i’m always very happy with how clean my house looks after they visit - give them a try.”

— martha s., seattle, wa











dana's housekeeping by the numbers




















fill out my online form.




why choose dana's?we find and refer professional housekeepers to clients who want their homes cleaned. we offer very flexible hours of service and a wide variety of special talents. we are licensed, bonded and insured. we only refer experienced housekeepers who have also gone through a thorough reference check. your confidence and satisfaction is our priority.






back to top


monday - friday: 8am - 4pmsaturday & sunday: closed we are closed on: new year's, july 4th, thanksgiving & christmas



everett: 425-332-2627kirkland: 425-827-2220current seattle clients

 

we love feedback. please review us on...

 

















































   


































review our everett office on google














review our kirkland office on google



 

home | rates & services | faq's | about dana'scopyright 2004 -2019 dana's housekeeping. all rights reserved.  | privacy & terms









