






















aph home | american printing house























































 






skip to main content
skip to main menu



please be advised usps is experiencing unusually long delays for free matter for the blind shipping. if you have not received an order placed more than 30 days prior, please contact the aph customer service team at support@aph.org or 1-800-223-1839.
close







welcome everyone
aph home page







start your search.






search
donate


search results




 search


login


0 items cart total: $0.00view cartcheckout 















life with vision loss

recent diagnosis
kids with vision loss
adults with vision loss
life at work
babies count


educational tools

core curriculum
expanded core curriculum
physical education
multiple disabilities
accessible textbooks
tactile literacy tools
outreach services
tools for teachers
next generation science standard alignment
braille refreshers


consulting services
resources

aph press
aph hive
aph library
aph museum
conferences
webinars
hall of fame
tactile graphic image library
large print guidelines


get involved

suggest a product
product development
our research


louis


shop

catalogs


meet monarch
about us

blog
newsletter
podcast
careers
media kit
contact


support aph

ways to give
learn about aph programs
corporate and foundation partners
donor privacy policy
aph financials













breaking down barriers



 









we know that access to the right tools and information at the right time can change lives. at aph, our job is to empower students, families, adults, and educators by breaking down educational barriers, and creating a future that belongs to everyone.





what's new at aph
browse the shop 



monarch rise applications
applications for monarch rise are now live. through monarch rise: resources for inclusion, skills, and employment, 250 monarchs will be distributed to employment and educational professionals and individuals seeking competitive integrated employment (cie) across the united states. over five years, aph will assess the impact of the monarch in significantly enhancing access to achieving and maintaining cie for individuals who are blind, low vision or deafblind. 
learn more.









the power of partnerships: developing ebraille together
a worldwide file standard cannot be created alone. by utilizing the expertise of other organizations and individuals in the blindness field, aph constructed ebraille for all to use.
learn more.









the dot experience cast: mike may
mike may is an exceptional access warrior with extensive experience and knowledge regarding accessible navigation technology and a love for skiing. join us as we learn about mike’s life, career, and passion for helping others navigate and enjoy life.
learn more.









leveling the playing field
danielle burton, aph’s communications accessibility editor, has long hoped for a piece of access technology that levels the playing field for students who are deafblind, like herself. the monarch is just what danielle has been waiting for.
learn more about danielle's monarch experience.









connect the dots 2025
embark on an adventure of discovery into the playful world of connect the dots—an educational series that turns the history and innovation of blindness and low vision into an exciting adventure for kids! we’re on a mission to make learning fun and inspire a world where everyone is welcome. while our building is under renovation, the pnc foundation is helping us bring our knowledge into the community.
learn more about connect the dots.









aph hive: professional communities
professional communities was created to provide creditable and effective resources to people who assist individuals who are blind or have low vision. this user-friendly portal houses curated webinars, external courses, blogs, and much more. looking for a place to connect? join us at the aph hive discussion boards to communicate with other parents and educators in the blindness and low vision field.









aph connectcenter
the aph connectcenter offers free curated advice and resources to assist children, parents, adults, and job seekers who are blind and low vision, and their associated professionals. visit the aph connectcenter, or call our information & resource helpline at 800-232-5463.









find us on the road.
aph is on the go! check out the conferences, conventions, and other events we're attending this year on our conference hub!









aph celebrates change makers!
listen along to our change makers podcast as we highlight the people, products, and resources making the biggest difference in our field.









what’s the best way to learn? your way!
from free webinars and trainings, to professional development, virtual student instruction, and summer camp—our educational resources are designed for vision professionals, educators, parents, consumers, and students. there’s something for everyone!









national prison braille network
since 2001, aph has taken a lead role in developing this network to get much-needed quality braille textbooks to students who are blind in grades k–12. learn more about how the npbn is changing lives for the better.









aph press
aph press is the leading publisher in the field of blindness and visual impairment, supporting teachers, families, and other professionals by publishing informative, well-researched, and innovative texts which enable people of all abilities to maximize their potential and independence.












the future is accessible.
we’re not just looking forward to an accessible future-we’re making it happen every day. and, with the latest technology, we think the future has never been brighter for people who are blind or have vision loss.





monarch
meet monarch 



10-line braille display 
with 3840 pins, monarch has one of the highest definition displays in braille history! read up to ten lines of braille at one time.









android navigation keys
android users may recognize the three keys on the front edge of the monarch. they serve as shortcuts for moving back one screen, the home screen, and recent apps.









perkins-style keyboard
braille directly on your monarch with the eight-key perkins-style keyboard.









infrared sensor
the motion sensor at the top of your monarch’s display screen enables point-and-click gestures as well as finger tracking on the visual braille output.









battery life
monarch boasts a battery life of 24 hours from just 3 or 4 hours of charging time.









visual display
monarch can connect to an external monitor via hdmi so teachers and peers of all abilities can join along.











going further to move things ahead.
at aph we’ve been innovating products and technology to support people who are blind and low vision to independently live and learn since 1854, and we’re not stopping any time soon. from everyday tools to high tech solutions, we’re developing products for barrier breakers, dream believers, change makers, and access warriors!










mantis q40
keep braille at your fingertips anytime, anywhere, with the mantis™ q40: a bluetooth® keyboard and 40-cell refreshable braille display.

note: file transfer between mac computers and mantis devices via usb...







code jumper™
code jumper™ assists students in learning computer coding and programming skills through a unique, physical system.

request a demo

shipping limitations: this product only ships to the united states...







chameleon 20
featuring text-to-speech, the chameleon 20 is the perfect device for learning and reinforcing braille literacy skills. as a portable braille display with local apps, like an editor and library,...











resources for life
find resources to empower yourself, your child, or your students in everyday life.





aph hive
buzz over to our free elearning platform for educators and families.


aph hive




aph connect center
reliable, free information for all ages on multiple aspects of vision loss.


aph connectcenter




accessible textbooks
unlock students’ educational potential with access to accessible textbooks.


accessible textbooks




aph press
titles for professionals on a wide range of topics including education, o&m, aging, and more.


aph press




louis
explore the louis database of accessible materials to find materials from 75+ organizations across u.s. and canada.


louis




outreach services
learn about our consultation and educational support for students, educators, and families.


outreach services










give for good.
people of all ages who are blind or low vision benefit from aph’s extraordinary programs and innovative products. be a part of our mission and partner with us.

donate today 


 







stay in the know.
be the first to get updates on our latest products, resources, conferences and more by signing up for our monthly newsletter.

subscribe now read our latest newsletter 


 






the higher standards we stand for.






















life with vision loss
educational resources
accessibility solutions
resources
research & development
louis
federal quota
about us
blog
newsroom
annual reports
careers
customer service
corporate ethics
donor privacy policy
terms of use
museum & tours
awards from aph
board of trustees
business opportunities
return policy
order status
contact




welcome everyone

























copyright © 2025 american printing house. all rights reserved. 



privacy policy
accessibility
manuals & downloads
aph catalogs










create a new list























opens in a new window




