








j.m. canty – vision without limits



















































































 


sign in your account to have access to different features




username



password


time limit is exhausted. please reload captcha.


 − 
3
 = 
6











                             remember me                        





forgot your password?







forgot your details?




username or email


 



aah, wait, i remember now!




 










 








login








 
















menuhomeproductsprocess lightssanitary lightsprocess lightssight glasses / sight flowsfuseview™ sanitary sight glassfuseview™ industrial sight glassvessel closuresquickport™ closuressanitary triport™ closurescameras & process visionprocess camera / lighthigh temperature camerasindustrial surveillance camerasparticle sizingliquid particle size analyzerssolid particle size analyzersimage processors and accessorieshardware- vectorfiber converter options / media converter closebrochurescontactmenutechnicalreportslababoutbrochures close 











 



biotech
fermenter and bioreactor control and accessories include the brightest light with the fused sight glass (fuseview). cameras for foam detection & level control for complete automation and increased production.
 biotech applications
cell analysis
foam & level detection
particle analysis/count
single use
turbidity
wfi
 show less
 

pharmaceutical
the safest sight glass (fuseview), and the brightest vessel lights are offered as vessel accessories. camera imaging is used for crystallization psd, nutsche filter, foam detection, centrifuge control.
 pharmaceutical applications
centrifuge
crystallization
filter dryer / nutsche
foam & level detection
particle analysis/count
spray dryer
wfi
 show less
 

glass manufacturing
high temperature cameras are used in the glass industry on applications such as molten glass level, gob detection, fiber glass flow, stone & width detection, flame detection and many more.
 glass applications
float glass
molten glass level
glass bottle
fiber glass
glass bead
high temperature cameras
 show less
 

chemical
many applications for the chemical industry are monitored by camera systems such as foam & level control, extruder, centrifuge, filter dryer cake and thickness monitoring, crystallization, turbidity, and particle sizing systems. ethylene tube temperature monitoring is done using the high temperature cameras. canty has the safest sight glass (fuseview) and brightest light for tanks in the industry.
 chemical applications adhesives & resins
centrifuge control
crystallization
expanded polystyrene
extruder control
filter dryer / nutsche
fired heaters & furnaces
flare camera
foam control
interface
level control
paint & pigments
phase split
popcorn polymer
spray dryer
 show less
 

refinery - oil & gas
oil in water and water in oil are primary applications. fuel and lube oil quality are easily analyzed using the inflow. interface & phase separation in tank farms.
 refinery applications fired heaters & furnaces
flare camera
free water & tss in lng
fuels / biodiesel
jet fuel
lube oil
oil in water
produced water
refining
tank farm
water in oil
 show less
 

e & p - oil & gas
applications include oil in water(ppm / tss / psd) & bs&w(ppm / tss / psd).
 exploration & production applicationsproduced water
oil in water 
water in oil/ bs&w
tank farm
sand analysis
 show less
 

drilling - oil & gas
lab and inline concentration & psd measurement of drilling mud. mud flow rate to replace the paddle and shaker screen control are other vision based applications.
 drilling applicationsbrine completion- tss
drilling
oil in water
produced water
sand analysis
water in oil
 show less
 

food & beverage
spray dryer monitoring, particle sizing systems, vessel cameras and level, tank lights & sight glasses, along with defect detection are canty applications that are used throughout the industry.
 food & beverage applications sugar
brewing
dairy
spray drying
peeler optimization
potatoes
 show less
 

metal production
molten level, slag monitoring, rebar length and cobble detection among others are processes controlled in the metal industry by cameras. particle size of powder metals by the solidsizer replaces the need for sieving.
 metal production applicationsrebar measurement
molten level
slag monitoring
powder metal processing
hot rail length
furnace monitoring
temperature
surveillance camera
continuous galvanizing
 show less
 

wastewater
digester control of foaming is one of the most critical applications in the wastewater industry. applications range from, foam control, turbidity, clarifier control, and tss.  all these measurements are done using cameras with output to plc or dcs for complete control and visual verification.
 wastewater applicationsdigester camera
turbidity
total suspended solids (tss)
thickener clarifier
 show less
 

mining & aggregate
cameras are used in a number of applications to optimize the production process within the mining industry. applications range from, tailings measurement, at-line / in-line slurry particle analysis systems, turbidity, industrial / lab solid particle sizing systems and vision based froth monitoring systems.
 mining & aggregate applicationsmilling & blending
floation tank
thickener clarifier
crusher
tailings measurement
lime kiln
sand analysis
 show less
 

other industry
canty specializes in many applications across many industries. please select below to see other applications that may not be listed in other industries.
 other industry applications
battery
inline particle analysis
lab particle analysis
powder metal processing
 show less
 

cantycanty is an outgrowth of the consulting practice of john m. canty, p.e. in designing a very deep high pressure diving research facility, capable of simulating ocean depths of over a mile, he found that no lighting components were available which would withstand the required pressure of 2500 psi. it was, therefore, necessary to develop a light that would permit illuminating the chamber at these unusual conditions. since this vessel (now installed in the high pressure laboratory of the university at buffalo-department of physiology) was to be used for manned experiments, it was desirable to keep the electrical components outside. this is due to the potential fire hazard of electrical sparks in a confined environment. 








latest posts 

11 november 2024 by colleen dressel, in latest posts,techjm canty & nibrtjm canty and nibrt win pharma project of the year at the pharma industry awards ...read more +15 september 2022 by colleen dressel, in latest posts,technibrt announce a second phase of collaboration with jm cantythis photo was taken during a recent visit by canty to nibrt. from left to right...read more +29 june 2017 by tod canty, in uncategorizedastm d02 awardtod canty receives award from astm d02 cs96 committee in appreciation of work to...read more + 














industry 4.0canty is a leader in industry 4.0 using process cameras in every industry. process cameras are integrated for increased automation, improved communication and self-monitoring, and production of smart machines that can analyze and diagnose issues without the need for human intervention.
 

particle sizinghave a need for particle sizing for the lab and online? fill out our particle sizing questionnaire and learn more about our particle sizing systems.

take the questionnaire now!
 



go green projectsinclude applications for oil in water monitoring for the petroleum industry to make sure discharges are within drinking water limits. particle size and shape knowledge is critical in maintaining and improving these processes.  
find out more
 

historical accomplishmentsnasa's replacement of all sight glasses in the shuttle launch pad fuel lines with fuseview™ sight glasses. the constant leakage failure prior to fuseview ™ sight glasses was the number one source of delays. 
find out more
 





 







© 2016 jm canty, inc., buffalo, new york  | jm canty, ltd., dublin, ireland 








top

































