


welcome to the us jersey journal
























 


about
advertising
this month
subscriptions
jersey community
contact













subscriptions


            want instant access to the jersey journal as soon as it is available? order your print or online subscription here. viewmore



jersey directory

check out the jersey directory for a state-by-state guide of jersey farms and businesses.sign up today!


jerseysites


            take a virtual tour of these jersey  websites designed and managed by the jersey journal. view
            more



sign in here


            access your online subscription here to view the most recent issue and back archived issues!
view
            more









jerseys are our business 
the fastest growing, most efficient and most profitable breed of dairy cattle in the world.            

            view the most recent jersey journal for free this month and add a subscription, to not miss an issue! 

            
            welcome to the jersey journal. since 1953, we have been the official monthly publication of the american jersey cattle association and national all-jersey inc. the jersey journal is dedicated to giving jersey breeders throughout the u.s. and foreign borders important information about the always exciting jersey cow.


calendar

check out all the upcoming sales, meetings, deadlines, shows and more on the jersey calendar.
 have a date you would like submitted to the jersey journal calendar? email kbillman@usjersey.com with your event details. 
more


advertising


                        are you interested in getting your  farm noticed in the jersey journal? we offer several different options for  advertisers, including special contract rates. 
click here to learn more about advertising with the jersey journal!
more


featured story


                        check back each month for a featured story from the most current jersey journal. 
the featured story, along with show results, sale results, and meeting reports,  is just part of what jersey journal subscribers have access to monthly.
more


 follow usjerseyjournal on twitter!
              













contacts

6486 e. main st.,
              reynoldsburg, ohio 43068 usa
telephone: 614.861.3636 
journal fax: 614.322.4493 
e-mail: jjsubs@usjersey.com

connect    with    us

 
please enable javascript 



    








    jersey  journal © 2013 : privacy policy



