






cincinnati dance and movement center

























	open house sunday, february 2nd, 6:30pm to 7:30pm, 880 compton road!    




			cincinnati dance
			 & movement center









					about us
				


why cdmc
our faculty/staff
our facility



news and events



					programs
				

ballet program
open division
performance teams




					2024-2025 classes
				

all

preschool (ages 1½ to 6)
ballet & contemporary (ages 3 to adult)
tap (ages 4 to adult)
jazz & hip-hop (ages 6 to adult)

performance groups (ages 7 to adult)
adults and special needs




information

tuition & policies
calendar






initial response
outdoor classes
community performances
indoor classes






sign in











































































come dance with us!
register now for our 2025 session 2 - classes start the week of february 3rd!
learn more »

 

	  at cdmc, dancers of all ages and levels can express
themselves through the art of dance! with our caring, expert faculty
and our state-of-the-art facility, we offer a wide range of classes to
meet the needs of a diverse student body, from children and adults experiencing
their first dance class to advanced students who have been studying
dance all their lives.

  we provide classes for ages one-and-a-half through adults, beginning through
advanced, and take pride in providing high-quality dance education in a supportive, fun environment.  in addition, we offer performance groups for students who wish to
gain additional performance experience beyond our studio-wide january showcase and june recital, and we also offer the opportunity to
compete in dance competitions for select members of our performance groups. regardless
of age, level, and goals, students can find their niche at cdmc.

  at the cincinnati dance and movement center, everyone is
welcomed. come dance with us!
 














why cdmc?
discover what makes us one of the best.





faculty and staff
meet our award winning teachers.





facility
tour our state-of-the-art facility.



 




like us on facebook!
visit our page for more pictures and the latest news.
check it out »



 






p 513-521-8462

info@cincinnatidance.com


				880 compton rd
				 cincinnati, oh 45231
			


© cincinnati dance & movement center
















 
