








burn the fat blog - no b.s. body transformation with tom venuto































 





skip to content








inner circle logincontact 

facebookxinstagram 










  


search for:








bloginner circleproducts & services print bookse-booksaudio booksonline coursesaudio coachingconsultationsresourcesabout tom 









search for:




















homejamesbellanca2025-01-06t14:39:55-05:00 
free e-book: the top 20 fat burning recipes of all timesubscribe to the weekly newsletter and get the burn the fat recipe book free! easy high-protein, low-calorie meals and treats so tasty, you’d swear you’re cheating… but you’re not… you’re feeding your muscle and burning your fat… enter your e-mail below for instant download





















 your email is safe with me!free e-book: the top 20 fat burning recipes of all timesubscribe to the weekly newsletter and get the burn the fat recipe book free! easy high-protein, low-calorie meals and treats so tasty, you’d swear you’re cheating… but you’re not… you’re feeding your muscle and burning your fat… enter your e-mail below for instant download





















 your email is safe with me!as seen inhelping clients transform their bodies since
1989
over
0subscribersover
0books soldall-natural, no bs
body transformation
i realized early on that the fitness industry was full of fads, gimmicks and lies, so i started this site as a place to learn about body transformation without the b.s. here, i promote drug-free bodybuilding and fitness, and i do not sell supplements. if you’re sick of hearing about miracle drinks, magic pills, and quick fixes, and you want to learn how to transform naturally with real food, smart training, and strong motivation, you have come to the right place.
– tom venuto
check out these amazing body transformations!how audrey lost 75 pounds of fat and 12 inches off her waist with burn the fat
5 strategies to get ripped: how james shredded down to 4.3% body fat in 49 days
lori rocks a new lifestyle, a new body and a burn the fat challenge victory
how fred’s health-first focus led to body transformation victory
journey to my best life: dianne’s winning transformation secrets
how josh crushed his fat loss goals while gaining muscle at the same time
body transformation resourcesblog
books
inner circle
latest blog posts






the best meal prep recipes in 7 categories


						the best meal prep recipes in 7 categories					

recipes







the best meal prep recipes in 7 categoriestom venuto2025-02-01t17:04:14-05:00recipes|what is a meal prep recipe? and what are the best meal prep recipes? you’ll see some of the best, in 7 different categories on the page below. but let’s start by answering the question,  “what is a meal prep recipe?”  this is a specific type of recipe. it’s the kind where you make your food in big batches.  cook once, and then eat for days. that’s the whole idea of meal prep.read more








13 of the best meal prep ideas


						13 of the best meal prep ideas					

meal planning







13 of the best meal prep ideastom venuto2025-02-16t15:15:31-05:00meal planning|meal prepping (aka “meal prep”) is often misunderstood.  many people think meal prepping and meal planning are the same thing. the truth is, they go hand-in-hand, but they’re different.  in this post, first i’ll quickly explain that difference, and then i’ll show you how i do meal prep, and how you can use these great meal prep ideas too to burn more fat (or build more muscle) read more








the 8 best ways to get back on track with fitness fast


						the 8 best ways to get back on track with fitness fast					

motivation & mindset







the 8 best ways to get back on track with fitness fasttom venuto2025-01-17t09:22:08-05:00motivation & mindset|the difference between success and failure isn't whether you get off track, it's whether you get back on track, and most important of all is how quickly you do it. i recently hiked the 2200-mile appalachian trail (at) from my home state of new jersey to the southern terminus in georgia.read more








consistency secrets: how to stick to your diet and training plan


						consistency secrets: how to stick to your diet and training plan					

weight loss & fat loss







consistency secrets: how to stick to your diet and training plantom venuto2025-01-17t09:19:17-05:00weight loss & fat loss|so many people struggle to stay consistent with their diet, training, or both... they start, stop, start, stop without getting any real momentum or pulling together any kind of extended streak. i recently surveyed our group members who have been consistent for a year or more about how they did it... i took this list of real world strategies and combined it with what research says about sticking to a diet or training plan. the result is like a "blueprint for consistency"...read more

who is tom venuto?
tom venuto is a fat loss coach, fitness writer and best selling author of burn the fat, feed the muscle – known by fans as “the bible of fat loss” – and the body fat solution, a national bestseller and men’s fitness pick. greatist.com named tom among the 100 most influential people in fitness three years in a row. oprah magazine said, “venuto is honest about what it really takes to lose weight.”
tom has been a voice of reason in fitness for over 30 years and was a successful drug-free competitive bodybuilder for 16 years. tom started training clients in person in 1989 and since 2006, more than 53,000 have joined his inner circle where he now coaches exclusively online. more than 500,000 men and women have read his books in over 154 countries.





 
 





quick linkshome
about tom
media
contact 

booksprint books
audio books
e-books 

products & servicesconsultations
online courses
audio coaching
inner circle 

legalprivacy
disclaimer
disclosure 

social media







 

 
 
 





		©copyright  fitness renaissance, llc - all rights reserved | website design by imagn media 

 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link




















go to top




