



 interactive voice enabled products | voice express – rich emotional experiences through sound




























































































































































 










menu

 


home
voicegift consumer products

voicegift website
voicegift amazon shop


audio products for business

audio direct mail
in store signage
corporate gifts
after sale engagement
voice connect
custom store

audio button
audio in-print




about

gifting
marketing


contact


















 





rich emotional experiences 
through sound 










our interactive voice and audio technology creates a connection with customers 
















greetings from 



the voice that built a bear 










the originals, the pioneers, the voice technology innovators who turned a simple stuffed animal into a warm and nostalgic experience that only a loving custom voice message can bring. learn more about our history of innovation.  







 
the voice express story 

























 





shop our products 



voice express is the original innovator in audio technology 
and product development 












 








add a personal touch on any gift with voice

go to website


 







for businesses:audio in print 













products that deliver your message >











 







for businesses:displays and packagingwith sound 






discuss your project >

























 















we never stop innovating 


























devices created 













1
m+

























custom projects 













0
+

























patents 













0


















 



 





custom voice technology case studies  












 



















 









intel keeps their 'ba-ba-ba-bing' 










intel has become one of the world’s most recognizable computer brands following its long-running intel inside®  campaign. the five-note jingle was introduced in 1992 and by its tenth anniversary was being heard in 130 countries around the world.since it’s introduction, intel’s sonic logo has played in radio, tv and internet advertising as well on start-up of any intel based pc, but not until the launch of intel’s nuc computer in q4 of 2012 did it play from intel packaging.the project, a collaboration between intel and voice-express, was a resounding success, gaining notice and recognition by product reviewers and influencers throughout the technology industry. 






watch now















connect™ after sale will have your customers talking about you after they buy 










a buyer’s first exposure, the first interaction, the first experience of a product is, in most cases, either when the package is viewed on a shelf before purchase or when the package is opened. that first experience is an opportunity to communicate directly with a customer at an instant where he or she is most impressionable. 






learn more about our products





















 

















what do people say about voice express? 












 

















 5/5 












"i ordered 2 and one was for my grandsons high school graduation.. spoke on first meeting him to watching him grow through the good times and some struggles and how proud i was of him and how very much i loved him💕 he said was best gift to always hear my message and voice!"



 

cheryl soly
a treasured gift













 5/5 












"this gift tag was a wonderful idea! especially now during covid. this makes the gift a little bit more personable. another way of showing love when you can send your voice or add their favorite song! or even send a kiss! great buy great price great idea great product"



 

beverly johnson
sending love through a gift tag


















 









 




























inside the brilliant mind 



meet geoffrey stern 



inventor and creator of meaningful new ways for people and brands to communicate using self-playing audio and video and other battery-powered media playback technologies. stern has a number of issued and pending patents in the field of multimedia sentiment expression and publishing.  prior to founding voice express, geoffrey ran a company that manufactured modular fire suppression systems for data and communication centers based on another of his patents. geoff graduated from columbia university and worked briefly under a technology analyst on wall street before he became a serial entrepreneur. 













read more


















 





we love a challenge! 



so what if it's never been done before? creative solutions are kind of our thing. 










voice express excels at audio and voice innovation.  we will help complete your vision or idea as well as execute it to completion.  get us involved early to speed up your time to market. 



brands we've partnered with: 



 






 







 







 







 







 






 






schedule a discovery call



















some of our industry inspiration: 



from the finance sector to the gifting industry... 












 









 
















stay connected! 











								email							





keep me posted!













available online at: 




 





 





 











home




consumer products




business products




work with us




company




privacy policy




terms & conditions











 
















 



 




copyright © 2025 voiceexpress. 
































































