








home - the climate trust






































    skip to content



 





            land stewardship for a better climate future
          

we use the power of carbon markets and work alongside landowners to implement climate solutions that improve and conserve america's forests and grasslands. 




see what we stand for














        our nature-based climate solutions
      

we believe a community united in land stewardship and climate positive action is critical to a prosperous and healthy future for us all. that’s why we partner with public and private land stewards to develop, fund, and manage nature-based carbon projects that keep more carbon in the trees and soil, support rural livelihoods, and benefit the land we all live on.






                  conserving ranches & grasslands
                

                  learn more
                









                  restoringour nation’s  forests
                

                  learn more
                









                  forest carbon management
                

                  learn more
                

















              connecting landowners to carbon markets
            

our projects generate carbon offsets that we sell to buyers and revenue that goes right back to landowners.




who we work with




















why did you partner with the climate trust? 







i believe that it is absolutely critical that we protect our resources for future generations. because of this agricultural conservation easement, lightning creek will always remain a working ranch while also protecting some of the most beautiful and ecologically important lands in the country. 

 dan probert, rancher in wallowa county, oregon 










explore our work














our impact
since 1997, the climate trust has been pioneering carbon market solutions.  






120
projects developed or financially supported  



9.8m
metric tons of co2 emissions reduced



$85m
committed to and generated for projects























                        news
                      

                      can carbon markets help landowners weather the seedling shortage?
                    

                        may 28, 2024
                      


read more


















                        news
                      

                      reclamation reforestation
                    

                        april 11, 2024
                      


read more


















                        news
                      

                      a letter from the executive director
                    

                        december 12, 2023
                      


read more


















                        news
                      

                      exploring reforestation strategies for success
                    

                        april 4, 2024
                      


read more


















                        news
                      

                      grazing management or avoided conversion for carbon sequestration?
                    

                        march 14, 2024
                      


read more




















 







            partner with us
          

            interested in working with the climate trust?
          

get in touch to discuss your project ideas.




contact us






            our newsletter
          

            stay ahead of carbon markets with ‘the scorcher’
          






  enter email (required)  sign up 





































































































80 se madison st, suite 216portland, oregon 97214
(503) 238-1915






who we are




what we do




who we work with




news





copyright 2025 © all rights reserved.

accessibility


terms & conditions


privacy policy


                                                                                                                        created by 
                                                                                                                                                                constructive








 







