








home - the dogg house in charlottesville







































 























search for:







434-975-dogs (3647)





homeabout

about usour stafftake a touremploymenttestimonials
services

dog boardingpet food & suppliesgroomingactivitiesrates
faqsreservations

new customer reservationexisting customer reservation
contact



select page




 




































dog boarding
grooming
pet food & supplies






the dogg house – your pet’s home away from home in charlottesville.





clean facility
we take great pride in the cleanliness of our accommodations. by utilizing the provet logic professional cleaning system, we can ensure our facility meets the highest standards. 

personal attention
at the dogg house, we strive to know every pet personally and tailor each visit to meet its individual needs. we care for every pet entrusted to us as if they were our very own. 

convenient location
the dogg house is conveniently located on berkmar drive in the “heart” of the city of charlottesville. just minutes away from both downtown charlottesville and the charlottesville albemarle regional airport. 

competitive rates
we encourage you to visit our facility as well as others for comparison. we are confident that you will find our facility and staff to be unsurpassed. we offer competitive rates for boarding, grooming, and training.

friendly staff
we are a professional team with extensive experience. bringing an unrivaled level of care and comfort to each and every pet. our dedication and enthusiasm is evident when you walk through our door. 

fun activities
we offer a variety of stimulating activities to cater to you and your pet’s needs during their stay. our guests enjoy daily play times with one of our staff members. 





why choose us?
 as a family-owned and operated business, the dogg house has been offering exceptional boarding and grooming services since 1998. conveniently located in the heart of charlottesville, the dogg house is truly your pet’s “home away from home”. 

we provide top-quality care for our guests in an impeccably clean facility. our professional staff is dedicated to providing your loved one with the individual attention it needs for its physical well-being and overall adjustment to being in its new environment. our commitment to our guests’ health and safety, as well as a pleasurable experience for both you and your pet is our top priority.

pet boarding

the dogg house offers exceptional boarding services for both dogs and cats alike. we provide top quality care in an impeccably clean facility. our professional staff is dedicated to providing your pet with the physical attention it needs for its well being and over all adjustment to being in its new “home away from home.”

read more →

pet grooming

with over 85 years of combined grooming experience, the dogg house offers professional grooming services that will meet and exceed your expectations. we strive to be the best grooming facility in the business, bringing unmatched enthusiasm in perfecting your dog’s appearance and well-being. not only will your dog look great, it will feel great!

read more →

make a reservation

ready to make a reservation? please feel free to call us at 434-975-dogs (3647) or request an online boarding reservation. for grooming reservations, please call 434-975-dogs (3647).

read more →



 







customer reviews

"my husband and i have been taking our pets to the dogg house for years. the staff there exhibits a loving and caring atmosphere. now, our chow-mixed dog,named bear, loves all the attention and special care that he gets every...-mary knauf amiss
"i am a careful and conscientious dog owner and have tried several boarding facilities in charlottesville. i picked the dogg house based on the recommendations of friends and my own experience. my dogs have now boarded at the dogg house...-dolly p.
"i have been very pleased for the last 8 years, they have boarded and cut my cocker spaniel and have groomed my hound dog. i am handicapped and many times they have brought the dogs to my car, instead of...-nancy j.
"we have been taking our dogs max and toby to the dogg house for over 12 years and absolutely love and appreciate the entire staff and are sincerely grateful for the way they take care of us. we know without...-joe fallica
"our cocker mix, ashley, tell us she's been to the spa when we pick her up from being groomed at the dogg house! she is always so proud of her new 'look' when she comes home. we are, too! the...-judy & tom rikken

see more...


hours of operation
monday – friday
8:00 am – 12:30 pm
1:30 pm – 5:30 pm
saturday
office closed
sunday
9:00 am – 11:00 am
4:00 pm – 5:00 pm

holiday hours ⮟


memorial day
8:00 – 11:00 am
july 4th
closed
labor day
8:00 – 11:00 am
thanksgiving day
closed
christmas eve
8:00 am – noon
christmas day
closed
new year’s eve
8:00 am – noon
new year’s day
closed





contact us
the dogg house
2101 berkmar drive
charlottesville, va 22901
434-975-dogs (3647)
info@thedogghouse.com



©2025 the dogg house | all rights reserved
site programmed by web weaving

 















