






social policy: organizing for social and economic justice







































tuesday
feb
18

















search ...   










homeabout ussubscribe / renewbooksarchivesonline only features















wade rathke, publisher





 









special features







				excerpt - panics without borders: how global sporting events drive myths about sex trafficking			





				john sweeney’s legacy and the future of american labor			





				women's march and strike in mexico city			





				will america be?			





				book review: no shortcuts out of the mess we are in…			





				fred ross for presidential medal of freedom 			





				mutant modernities:  an excerpt from the nagarjuna university lecture given by ravi sinha 			





				from planton to occupy			





				human rights delegation report: august 2011 hershey, pennsylvania			





				understanding our weakness … and moving forward			





				better than a trifecta			





				bruce t. boccardy: collective bargaining-essential to democracy			












social policy press books







































				publisher's note – 54.4





																
															written by sp subscriptions												





 
 



 
 






one thing is certain in the wake of the us election.  social policy contributors have a lot to say, and they are not holding their tongues.  mercy, this is a fat issue to close the year and open the next one!  i managed to push some articles off until next year, but it was almost impossible to cut the ones before you.  start reading, and you’ll see what i mean.
bob creamer is a former community organizer and veteran political organizer and campaigner.  we were lucky to get him to offer some post-election insights that lead this issue.  his bottom line:  learn the lessons and get to work.  bruce boccardy takes a slightly different tack, arguing that the democratic party sowed the seeds of its own demise in 2024 and before.  moshe ben asher and khulda bat sarah take a longer and deeper view.  despite their continued perhaps impractical advocacy for a town meeting type democracy, they make a compelling case that democracy has to be rebuild in america and the grassroots level.
our excerpts expand on our current crises.  jeremy brecher believes that local and state action on climate in various manifestations of the green new deal have the power to create great change, regardless of national inertia and opposition.  jane holgate and john page offer their experience in england as a field test for strategies for social movement organizing in these times.  criminal justice wasn’t a campaign issue and may now be an oxymoron, but it’s hard to read the excerpts from prisoner’s writings in mississippi’s infamous parchman prison without knowing this the current system isn’t working and demands change.
another sign that the pandemic is in the rearview mirror is the return of our regular special reports from the organizers’ forum international dialogue.  last year it was brazil; this year it was taiwan.  as i write this, chinese vessels seem to be almost surrounding the island, taking advantage of this moment of intense global uncertainty.  taipei was a big cosmopolitan city, almost seeming to not be distracted as it focused on internal change whether that be the sunflower revolution or being cutting edge in trying to use technology to advance citizen input in their democracy.  the organizers’ forum delegation found a lot to learn – and like – in taiwan.
labor historian david montgomery was a giant in the field who influenced all of us interested in workers’ history from the bottom up.  cal winslow recommends the reader as a good compilation of his work and ideas.  james mumm is back this issue, and it’s no surprise that democracy is also on his mind, as he looks at books by hahrie han and steve phillips. 
our columnists don’t let up.  phil mattera says if we want more accountability from corporations, prosecuting the ceo is the path to follow to hold them accountable.  drummond pike believes the conservative pontifications on immigration are both inhumane and bad for business and agriculture.  john anderson analyzes the right-wing populism that is growing in canad,a and why it is working for people in the same way community organizing does.  greogory squires says we need to do a whole lot more about delivering affordable housing to middle class and working families and tackling zoning rules would make a huge difference.  in backstory, i wonder why we look the other way at india’s increasing autocracy and how it allows crony capitalism for outfits like the adani group and its terrible impact on communities like dharavi in mumbai.
our contributors had a lot to say, and they said it well.  our readers will have a lot to think about this cold winter, before they heat up the new year with action on many fronts.           













				everybody’s business - prosecuting the boss





																
															written by philip mattera												





 
 



 
 







				read more ...			





a courtroom in germany has recently been the scene of a rare occurrence in the business world: the trial of a high-level executive for corporate crimes. martin winterkorn, the former top executive of volkswagen, is facing charges of commercial fraud, market manipulation and making false statements.





				read more: everybody’s business - prosecuting the boss			














				money matters - immigration on the mind





																
															written by drummond pike												





 
 



 
 







				read more ...			





i’m a white guy. a privileged guy. son of a couple of professionals who grew up in the suburbs. upper middle class, educated, lucky.
i finally figured out that





				read more: money matters - immigration on the mind			














				community development corner - where left and right come together: 





																
															written by gregory squires												





 
 



 
 







				read more ...			





the “missing middle” approach to housing affordability
in an age that virtually all observers acknowledge is one of the most polarizing in our nation’s history, the most challenging domestic issue of our day provides an opportunity to bring together the left and right and almost everyone in between. housing affordability is at the top of almost every domestic policy agenda. 





				read more: community development corner - where left and right come together: 			














				northern lights - learn how to change the system





																
															written by john anderson												





 
 



 
 







				read more ...			





free directions with your next car repair 
i was at my local mechanic getting an oil change when i noticed a small stack of newspapers on the counter with the word free on the cover.
the paper had the unfamiliar name, druthers.





				read more: northern lights - learn how to change the system			














				backstory 54.4 - adani, resorting, and india as the wild east





																
															written by wade rathke												





 
 



 
 





acorn’s crack regional director for ontario is doing us a great service by agreeing to go to india soon to train as many of our new organizers in bengaluru, delhi, and mumbai as she can by visiting each of our affiliate offices for an intensive week.  never having been there, she has a mixture of excitement and trepidation at the journey, as she applies for a visa and we lockdown the plane ticket.  the head organizer of acorn canada in an earlier period of her life had traveled around india for many months, so was able to give her some assurance and advice about safety, food, and other tips.  having visited india many times over the last more than twenty years, i was able to brief her on our affiliates, and what they might need and expect.
all good, but to prepare her for how overwhelming india can be for a first timer, or, more importantly, getting her ready to understand india is a harder and more complicated task.  i have settled on a description that borrows from the classic american understanding of the wild west. she needs to understand that india is the wild east.  it’s not perfect, but at least it comes closer than most ways of getting her acculturated.
this hit me in the early days when we first were supporting organizing there and we sat at a coffeehouse on a comfortable couch and chairs and went around the room introducing ourselves and how we came to community organizing.  one of our team without a hint of reservation introduced his remarks by reporting that after university he and his comrades had abandoned “armed struggle” as not making progress and felt like they weren’t making social change by helping one of the party’s gang rush polling stations and steal ballot boxes in his home state, so he had come to seek the kind of organizing we were doing.  like i said, the wild east!
today is little different than he described from his own experience twenty years ago as a younger man.  there was a recent story in the new york times that described the current practice of the ruling party using something called “resorting” to take over municipal and state parties.  in canada or the usa, most of us would call this kidnapping, since it involves forcibly taking an elected official out of state and away from home and putting them on ice at a resort until either their party was able to do its dirty work back home, or until they pressured the official they had “resorted” to switch to their side.    in fairness, the article made clear this was not a tactic unique to the current ruling bjp under prime minister narendra modi, but simply an old school maneuver they had taken to a new level and perfected.
currently, the other example that seems a mixture of crony capitalism and india’s program of supporting soft power in its partnership with politically-advantaged billionaires both domestically and internationally involves gautam adani and his adani group, which has its feelers in coal, ports, and huge infrastructure and development projects, from airport construction to the redevelopment of the dharavi slum in mumbai.  adani, his son, and companies have now been charged by the us department of justice and the security exchange commission with violations of the foreign corrupt practices act and misleading investors.  amazingly, it seems that they recorded more than $250 million on their books as “incentive” payments in order to get indian states to buy the more expensive solar power they were producing from a record setting contract from modi’s government.  the simple fact that the officials were depositing these millions in their personal accounts made it clear these were unmistakenly bribes.  kenya has reversed an agreement with adani to modernize its airport.  sri lanka has backed away from allowing adani to modernize a port.  bangladesh has paused and turned back adani projects.  usa investment in some of these infrastructure projects has also stopped.  us and canadian public employee pension funds invested in adani projects have lost close to a billion dollars as companies have been delisted due to this scandal.  why anyone would feel safe with their money in an adani enterprise is beyond my imagination.
india is one of the world’s largest economies and growing bigger all the time.  i could just tell the organizer that and let her muddle through as she tries to help people develop organizations and campaigns on their visit.  somehow that doesn’t prepare someone to visit and work in india where these kinds of canadian norms are unknown, and likely to continue to cross the line now, as if no one outside of india will pay attention to the standard operating procedures there.  i can remember a friend from delhi telling me how confused he was in san diego in understanding a problem his uncle was having with zoning regulations on a house he was building.  he had naively asked, “are the usual bribes not working,” and had to be schooled that  california wasn’t india.  as a kenyan nonprofit focusing on accountability in public budgets, said “the bottom line is there has to be an assurance of the safeguarding of public interest in all similar future agreements.” 
recently prime minister modi said the government is going to delist any nonprofit that opposes development as being anti-india.  for now, make no mistake, india is still the wild east.























subscriber login	



















							login
						



forgot your password?


forgot your username?


create an account


				
				please go to the subscribe button for access to archives.
				

















latest issue














read the latest issue!







				publisher's note – 54.4			





				the way forward			





				the democratic party reaped what it sowed			





				remaking american democracy iii: ‘keep your eye on the ball’—the arch-enemy of democracy among us			





				excerpt - creating green new deal jobs from below			





				excerpt - organizing can fix our power deficit			





				excerpts - unit 29: writing from parchman prison			





				special report: organizing forum international dialogue in taipei, taiwan - experiences			





				special report: organizing forum international dialogue in taipei, taiwan - notes			





				special report: organizing forum international dialogue in taipei, taiwan - labor			





				special report: organizing forum international dialogue in taipei, taiwan - culture			





				special report: organizer's forum international dialogue in taipei, taiwan - life			





				book review: labor history from the bottom up!			





				books review: facing the brutal facts			





				everybody’s business - prosecuting the boss			





				money matters - immigration on the mind			





				community development corner - where left and right come together: 			





				northern lights - learn how to change the system			





				backstory 54.4 - adani, resorting, and india as the wild east			





















links





acorn international
acorn canada
local 100 ulu
organizers forum
india fdi watch

















restore default settings



						copyright ©2025 socialpolicy.org, all rights reserved
					














