































    2-bedroom suites | las vegas, nv | manor suites
  












              7230 las vegas blvd south 
las vegas, nv 89119

   

702-939-9000




   manor suites

     home



  rates



  floor plans



  about us



  photos



  contact us












    
 





       stay with us weekly or monthly
  

contact us today




    stay close to the fun

manor suites is your answer to temporary housing needs in las vegas. with our spacious, furnished 1 and 2 bedroom units and the long list of amenities, our community and staff will help make your stay enjoyable! we are located on the south strip, 2 miles from mandalay bay. the complex features a pool and spa, on-site security, and all utilities are free*. contact us today at
702-939-9000 to schedule a tour today.

   





    nearby shopping for your convenience

conveniently located in walking distance to albertsons, cardenas, 7-11, panda express, and walmart is within a few miles down the road. freeway access within 2 miles. nearby bus routes.




   



  
  our list of amenities

we offer a variety of amenities to make your stay with us as comfortable as possible. cable, phone, and voicemail are included in every room. wifi is also available. enjoy a dip and relax at our beautiful pool and spa.



   



    we are now offering:

 cable tv, including hbofree local calls and voicemail*all utilities free (wi-fi not included - available for an extra fee)large swimming pool and spaon-site security





   



  
  royal service, just for you

whether this is your first visit or you have been a guest multiple times, we want your experience to be excellent. our staff is always available to help with any questions or concerns you may have.



    stay connected with manor suites

be the first to hear about local events and new amenities.
 
   first name

 last name

 email

 phone

 message






thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible.
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later.




    upcoming community events
 attn: residentscome mingle and enjoy a movie and pizza with neighbors and staff.
saturday, october 22nd, 2022 at 6:30pm.we look forward to seeing you there!
 



    front desk available 24 hours a day 7 days a week

ready to book with us? have a question about our rooms or services? call
702-939-9000. we'll be happy to help!







          home



  rates



  floor plans



  about us



  photos



  contact us








      phone:
702-939-9000email:
manorsuites@yahoo.comaddress: 7230 las vegas blvd south las vegas, nv 89119business hours:
24 hours
  









   content, including images, displayed on this website is protected by copyright laws. downloading, republication, retransmission or reproduction of content on this website is strictly prohibited. terms of use 
| privacy policy























































































































  
  share by:



















