







dfrc – delaware foundation reaching citizens with intellectual disabilities













































 














skip to content



































contact































menu 






















640 plaza drive, newark, de 19702







contact































homeabout us staff board of trustees grant process our sponsors fundraising eventsprograms hand-in-hand buddy sign up participants alumni testimonials dfrc blue-gold participants hand-in-hand school clubs alumni awardsget involved donate volunteer fundraising events contact us sponsorshipevents dfrc blue-gold all★star football game dfrc blue-gold sussex county auction dfrc blue-gold bash dfrc blue-gold golf classicsmore dfrc blue-gold spirit shop media/gallery helpful resourcesjoin our email list!








 

















 
the dfrc mission statementour mission is to enrich the lives of delawareans with intellectual disabilities


learn more


 


 
blue-gold all star football gamesave the date! friday, june 20th, 2025


learn more


 


 
celebrating 51 years!of hand-in-hand at dfrc


learn more


 































reaching citizens with intellectual disabilities






dfrc is a well-respected delaware foundation dedicated to raising funds and consciousness in support of programs that enrich the lives of delawareans with intellectual disabilities. established in 1956, the private, nonprofit organization is dedicated to identifying and funding programs based on community need.
















hand-in-hand


 

















donations


 

















our beneficiaries


 














































caring for 70 years!






it all started on a saturday afternoon in 1956 when high school students from across delaware entered a stadium to play football. players, cheerleaders, and fans gathered for a game that featured more than touchdowns – it raised money to help improve the lives of hundreds of delaware children with intellectual disabilities.
that event was the first annual blue-gold all★star football game. dfrc’s founders, bob carpenter and jim williams, two local sports enthusiasts who were the parents of children with intellectual disabilities, inspired the game. they wanted to host a sporting event that spread awareness about intellectual disabilities. at that time, people with intellectual disabilities outnumbered those with cerebral palsy, polio, and blindness. while there were nationwide campaigns to collect funds for individuals with physical disabilities, there were no local fundraising campaigns to help people with intellectual disabilities.







learn more























join our mailing list! stay in the loop with dfrc updates, special offers, and more.















 

























get in touch!













(302) 454-2730 














640 plaza dr, newark, de 19702 














info@dfrc.org 































our hours






m: 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
t: 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
w: 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
t: 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
f: 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
saturday & sunday: closed 









location

























© 2025 dfrc. all rights reserved.









designed by  2019-logotechno goober








 

















