












capital district youth soccer league | home

















login




































news



effective march 2025- us soccer referee abuse penalties







us soccer has updated  its referee abuse prevention policy (policy 531-9) which is designed to make youth and amateur matches more safe, more fun, and more empowering for everyone involved. the updated policy is to protect referees and restore respect to the game.  the updated policy includes stronger sanctions for any form of physical or or non-physical abuse towards referees. 
us soccer referee abuse prevention policy 531-9 - penalty overview and definitions 
for more information, please visit the federation's website at referee abuse prevention policy | u.s. soccer official website.
 
 









      cdysl zero tolerance policy
    







cdysl exists to provide opportunities for the youth of the capital region to enjoy soccer. cdysl has implemented a zero tolerance policy to ensure that all games are played in a safe, sporting manner...








      the sideline project
    







the capital district youth soccer league (cdysl) and soccer parenting announce a partnership agreement to make an impact on youth soccer in new york’s capital district. soccer parenting’s mission is...








      ny state aed requirement
    







new york state public health law (phl) section 3000-f requires all regulated children’s camps and youth sports programs to provide an automated external defibrillator (aed) or describe reasonable...















competitions







cdysl league play










empire cup










cdysl sanctioned tournaments
















league updates





upcoming events



    cdysl calendar - monthly view
  

upcoming events





venue closings


cancelled games











enyysa







usys







us soccer

















navigation





useful links






office hours







 
 


logo








social media







   



contact us







19 aviation road, suite 9
albany, ny 12205
(518) 435-2325
cdysloffice@cdysl.org











©  capital district youth soccer league. all rights reserved.
©  demosphere international, inc. all rights reserved.













