

bungee.com - bungee jumping and bungee equipment, professional hollywood stunts, extreme sports, bungee jumping into volcanos, bungee trampolines.<










bungee dot com - the bungee jumping and bungee stunt authority.  everything about bungee, zipline, zipline tour, aerial adventure, bungee equipment, bungee safety, bungee history and bungee television and film work. bungee masters (a bungee.com company) bungee bridge in washington state, 45 minutes from portland, oregon.















 


bungee masters


pacific northwest bridge


jumper release form


online reservations


frequently asked questions

bungee


donation policy


eat, stay, & play (camping)


map & directions


slideshow


 


contact us


 


volcano bungee


 


u.s. military


 


zip-line canopy tours 


 


bungee merchandise


 


bungee safety


who are we?


business options


bsc portfolio


 


bungee stunts


hollywood credits



 


bungee party


single bed


double bed


 


"touch the sky"


 





bungee in the press


bungee photos


 


 













download or print our 
			informative brochure with detailed map


bungee.com takes pride in providing experiences of both bungee jumping & zip-lining as part of our unique gravity park. what can you expect to find at bungee.com & ziplinex.com?



highest (year-round) bungee bridge in north america. with 34 years of high adventure fun, now offering the ziplinex experience. located in the foothills of mt. st. helens (amboy, wa) *****not for the faint of heart!*****



professional industry leaders, including co-authoring u.s., north american and international bungee jumping safety standards. we have been involved since the "beginning of the bungee phenomenon."



owners and operators of the highest legal (year-round)bungee bridge in the united states,  world record holders of some of the most amazing bungee stunts ever accomplished, including volcano heli-bungee jumping.



our professional crew offers our guests the most fun & adrenaline while still keeping you alive, smiling and your undies dry!.



photo are allowed!: get your pictures on your phone! a (diy) $25 savings!












 















bungee.com's spectacular private bridge is in a beautiful emerald green forest, nearly 200ft. above a majestic sparkling river. we jump rain or shine. $99 (+tax) for one jump or $129 (+tax) for one person to jump twice ($10 spectator fee)


diy photo option. 


frequently asked questions.



map  & directions 





















intersted in opening your own bungee jumping site? bungee safety consultants are the experts. we lead and organized the first u.s. bungee safety and training conference and co-wrote the north american bungee association (naba) code of safe practice for america & canada and astm international bungee safety standards. click for more.


















"ziplinex" with 8 zip-lines and 8 aerial bridges.not for the faint of heart! tours on friday-sat-sundays. watch the video




















eat, stay, and play.  some of the places that we would recommend.





















bungee.com's bungee stunts division has extensive experinece in extreme stunts for film and television. need something original and outrageous rigged for your production? click for more.


















follow bungee.com on facebook!





























you know who we are. we brought you the 200' t-tower in las vegas. we brought you the highest bungee bridge in the us. still not enough? how about bungee jumping from the skid of a helicopter into the gaping maw of a bubbling active volcano?
											no. we're not kidding and yes this is for real (march of 2023!) click for more.


















bungeeparty.com offers safe and exciting bungee trampolines for your event or fundraiser. affordable, safe and fun for all ages. click for more.


















bungee.com offers gift certificates for: birthday parties, bachelor and bachelorette parties, anniversaries, to get rid of an obnoxious in-law and just about any other occasion you would need a gift certificate for.click for more.
























 
bungee.com - po box 121 - fairview, oregon 97024 usa - phone: (503) 520-0303
		copyright © 1994 - 2022 bungee.com
 


 


interested in bungee jumping off of the tallest year-round bungee bridge in north america? bungee dot com and bungee masters can help you fulfill your high-altitude dreams by helping you jump off of a really big bridge! not daring enough for you? try bungee jumping out of a helicopter...but that's not the scary part. better sit down before we tell you that you're over the open maw of an active volcano. that's right...we're those bungee guys.







