








wolfcreekracing.com




































 
loginlinkstestimonialstech infoparts / classifiedshome 


 














 

















		    			parts / classifieds			   
			







		    			engine parts			   
			







		    			motors & blocks			   
			





		    			heads			   
			





		    			cams			   
			





		    			cranks			   
			





		    			engine misc.			   
			








		    			carbs & manifold parts			   
			







		    			50mm race carbs			   
			





		    			44mm carbs			   
			





		    			40mm carbs			   
			





		    			4 cylinder manifolds			   
			





		    			6 cylinder manifolds			   
			





		    			other manifolds			   
			





		    			mikuni carb parts			   
			








		    			tranny / rear diff parts			   
			







		    			cv axle kits			   
			








		    			clutch / flywheel parts			   
			





		    			suspension / brake parts			   
			





		    			miscellaneous parts			   
			





		    			sold items			   
			








		    			tech info & faq			   
			





		    			customer gallery			   
			







		    			street 510s			   
			





		    			race 510s			   
			





		    			street z-cars			   
			





		    			race z-cars			   
			





		    			carb setups			   
			







		    			4 cylinder			   
			





		    			6 cylinder			   
			





		    			roadster			   
			











		    			the estrogen page			   
			







		    			current rants			   
			





		    			"life in the other lane"			   
			








		    			about wcr			   
			





		    			contact us			   
			
































about wolf creek racing

 read the full story



parts / classifieds

 read the full story



the estrogen page!!

 read the full story



customer gallery

 read the full story






1
2
3
4



 







 





























		futofab to continue wolf creek racing's parts & service	

to our loyal friends and datsun enthusiasts:
with the passing of todd walrich, we are pleased to announce that the parts and services he provided via cryoscience/wolf creek racing, llc are being acquired by dave patten, owner of futofab, llc. many of you already know and have done business with dave so we are confident this transition will be seamless.
the transition from wcr to futofab has already begun and will continue for the next six to eight weeks. our goal is for the relocation to be complete and operational by early november, 2015. please do not hesitate to contact us with your needs or any inquiries prior to that time. as soon as any of the wcr parts or services are available, futofab will offer them.
for the past 14 years, todd walrich provided a major service to the datsun community and most certainly will be missed. we thank each and every one of you who have reached out to his wife, suzie with your condolences and warm memories of todd.
be assured, futofab will continue these offerings and strive to do so with the same enthusiasm and respect as todd did. during this transition we ask that all communication be done via email with dave patten, owner - 
 this e-mail address is being protected from spambots. you need javascript enabled to view it
 
thank you and we look forward to continuing with the parts and services you've grown accustom to.
sincerely,dave patten, owner, futofab, llcsuzie walrich


 




welcome to the home of wolf creek racing 
 national distributors of 
mikuni automotive sidedraft carburetors and parts
 
manufacturer's of cv axle kits for datsun 510's and z-cars
 
we now stock beta motorsports sti r180 side axles!!
 

 
1998-1999 new york state road  racing championship (nysrrc) gt4 class champion
1998-1999 north atlantic road racing championship (narrc) gt4 class champion
 
to place an order for parts, email us the part#/item#, quantity and your zip code for shipping.  
we will then prepare a payment invoice we will email back to you for secure online use with cc or paypal.


 





















 




mikuni carbs

mikuni carb parts & accessories

mikuni carburetor id guide
mikuni parts list & diagram
mikuni oem gasket kit list
 




recent updates 




miscellaneous parts


suspension & brake parts


clutch & flywheel parts


tranny & rear diff parts


mikuni carb parts





























 cryo-treatment and rem isf more than doubles the toughness and durability of all metals. check out our sister company's website for info.cryoscience technologies we are the north american distributor for mikuni phh carbs and parts. virtually every part is in stock.mikuni carb parts  eliminate vibration from those u-joint halfshafts in your datsun 510 or z-car.  no modifications required!cv axle kits 
all parts and services are now handled by dave patten, owner of futofab llc.603-774-6964futofab@gsinet.net 










home  |  parts / classifieds  |  tech info & faq  |  customer gallery  |  the estrogen page  |  about wcr  |  contact us  |  links  |  testimonials 



top











site by digitech consulting, inc.
  





