






timber creek golf club | friendswood, tx
























































 



















home
golf course

course details
rates


golf performance group
events

tournaments


amenities

facilities


contact us
tee times
gift cards
 





select page


  
 



 



 













timber creek golf clubwhere you belong
book a tee time








top-notch facilitiespro shop, driving range & the legends grill
check it out










welcome to timber creek golf club

houston, texas

timber creek golf club is a 27-hole golf facility that lies on 316 acres of heavy woods in friendswood, texas. the course, designed by jay riviere, was carved out of oak and pine trees and gives the golfer a feeling that is not found anywhere else on the south side of houston or in the houston golf community.
one million cubic yards of dirt were moved in to create the rolling looks of south carolina, and 13 bridges were added to cross over clear creek — a creek that winds throughout the golf course. rock outcropping strategically placed add to the beauty of this houston golf course.
for the golfer who has to work late, timber creek golf club is equipped with a lit driving range where you can sharpen your skills or take a lesson from a p.g.a. golf professional. timber creek golf club has an eager staff that is committed to providing you with customer service that will make your houston golf visit memorable.
our clubhouse consists of 6500 square feet and features a well supplied pro-shop with a restaurant/bar that is open daily. locker rooms with showers are also available. our 200-seat open-air pavilion is equipped with a grill and is perfect for tournaments, private parties or in providing a good scenic view for some post-round beverages.







course details





rates





tournaments







join our e-club
register to join our eclub, and receive a special offer on your birthday!

new customer registration







about the course
carved out in the heavy woods of friendswood, tx, timber creek golf club will give you a sensation unlike anywhere else. our 27-hole golf facility, located on the southern outskirts of houston, features lush fairways lined with tall oaks and pines. visit us today!



houston weather







4554 fm 2351 friendswood, tx 77546








name


name


email address


message






10 + 8 = 


submit









(281) 993-1140





 










facebook




instagram


powered by foreup 





















