





asra – australian sport rotorcraft association








































































		skip to content









 















 











search this website 



search for:search button 
























flyout menu

 






home
about

about asra
casa role
accident investigation
clubs

seqgc




join asra
fly

fly
instructors
useful links and articles


gyroplanes

gyroplanes explained
gyro building standards
technical advisers
accredited rotor balancers


news + events

directives and alerts
events
news
advertisers


member zone

database login + membership & gyroplane listing
asra forms
asra documents & video link
casa links


forum
report an incident
report a gyroplane sale
contact


 


















 













australian sport rotorcraft association 











asra is a national sport and recreational association, representing people with an interest in building and flying gyroplanes.under civil aviation safety authority accreditation, asra administers sport gyroplanes through the certification of pilots and the listing of gyroplanes in australia.  















 








								directives & alerts							







							view the latest directives and alerts.						

							view						












 








								find an instructor							







							find an asra instructor near you.						

							browse						












 








								join asra							







							become an asra member today.						

							join						












 








								learn to fly gyro							







							learn all you need to know about flying gyros.						

							fly						
















what we do 



asra is concerned with improving standards of safety, pilot training and aircraft. it aims to promote reasonable and responsible practices in a manner accepted as professional to other aviation bodies and the public, while retaining our own identity, reducing costs and minimising restrictions. 






learn more about asra
















report an incident 



help us improve the safety of gyroplane flying and manufacturer. 






lodge a report











asra forms 



easily access, download and view forms and applications. 






view forms











member zone 



our member portal includes files, resources and database login. 






login



















learn about gyroplanes 



									‘gyroplane’ is an official term describing an aircraft that gets lift from a freely turning rotary wing (rotor blades) and which derives its thrust from an engine-driven propeller. historically, this type of aircraft has been known as the autogyro and the gyrocopter. the early names and variants were filed as trademarks.								










learn about gyros














building standards














technical advisers

















 

 

 












 


 


















				asra transition to part 103 bulletin no 2, 13 november 2024			


			this bulletin supplements the 7-page ‘asra transition to part 103’ bulletin emailed to all members in mid-april this year.   asra transition to part 103 ...		




read












				asra transition to part 103, 8 april 2024			


			important information – please don’t ignore! big regulatory changes for recreational aviation are under way – what it means for you main points – * ...		




read















				2024 gyroplane get together at the bridger family farm near parkes, nsw, 12-14 april			


			a formal asra nationals will not be held this year and asra is very grateful for the kind offer from fellow gyronaut, alan bridger, to ...		




read















				ads-b government rebate scheme			


			learn about automatic dependent surveillance-broadcast (ads-b), including how it works, benefits and installation.   further details available here.		




read


























 
privacy





 
site map





 
report an incident





 
member zone








© australian sport rotorcraft association  2025.  all rights reserved. unless stated otherwise, all content is copyright of the australian sport rotorcraft association.

the contents of this website are protected by copyright law. copyright in this material resides with the australian sport rotorcraft association or other rights holders, as indicated. except as permitted by the copyright law applicable to you, you may not reproduce any of the content in this website, including downloadable documents, without the permission of the australian sport rotorcraft association.  abn 53 412 417 012 | act incorporations number a02065.








 


scroll to top


search for:search button




































