















welcome to disgruntled of writtle. an irreverent look at writtle


an irreverent look at writtle village, essex, its people and goings on!  fax:07092 336131e-mail editorthis site has been updated on december 2006

   		new		search disgruntled 






  how to 		contact  us updated        contribute to		disgruntled-of-writtle   feedback form updated  		sign our guest book   polo shirt offer   contents welcome page         2006   from the writtle pc   2004  history of 		the bells   new bells june dedication  		writtle fun day 2003  broadband 		easter meeting   writtle annual meeting   writtle local elections    wear pond expansion  		new visitor to writtle   broadband		writtle update  		december 2002   they don't apply to me    italian job    police presentation  previous issues   a lid too far  on the buses update    village meeting  teddy bears		aerial runway   		golden jubilee celebrations  residents association 		meeting     polo shirt offer   april 2002  the queen 		mother   on the buses 		in writtle 		 the hunting debate   feb 2002  lodge road		traffic calming  fang-id  feedback results  police picture  2001 fete		cheque presentation  2001 archive  dec 2001    christmas fable  community policing 		writtle style  part 1  part 2 part 3 part 4  festive 		gruel    july 		pooper snooper for writtle? 		writtle fete  all 		saints bell appeal barndance  hannibal the 		terrapin of wear pond   the great 		post box debate update    election 		results   the 		wheatsheaf charity golf day pictures    may writtle 		parish annual meeting  the great post box 		debate  the green after the circus  albania calling  election information  teddies galore!   all saints bell appeal   wheatsheaf charity golf contest            previous issues april, may  dog poo		and related matters  road traffic,  		a  problem?  on writtle pond   fuel prices etc  what is art?   what is philosophy?    



disgruntled 	of writtle  december 2006 update



merry christmas and a happy new 	year     




 as you can see disgruntled of writtle is not dead but has been asleep for 	a few months!    i have been  continually asked to 	update  the site so i have risen from the deep slumber to produce a 	small christmas 2006 update.  
summary of notable events


 


writtle village meeting 		well attended but covered the same old points!  		good performance by the young community police officer.		meeting let down by a few,  continually nit picking over a few 		pounds spent in the budget!   writtle hit the 		national headlines with a death in the chequers public house  april 		2006 verdict december 14th:chelmsford 		death - man guilty of manslaughter.  for more details follow link 		below 		http://www.essex.police.uk/news/n_cont.php?articleid=2800  update from the parish council  a summary of  writtle 		parish council activities 



really useless information 	about disgruntled of writtle website

search engine rankings update december 2006.
if you search for "disgruntled" via google and you 	check uk search d-o-w  is number 3!
if you search for "disgruntled" via google and you check the web search 	d-o-w  is number 8!
if you search for "writtle" via google and you check uk search d-o-w  	is number 4!
if you search for "writtle" via google and you check the web search d-o-w  	is number 4! not bad for a 	small essex village website 18.12.2006 	26720





  thanks to all, please come again. if you enjoyed your visit please use the new
  feedback form if you didn't please use new
  feedback form to tell me why.
thanks again!


report
  broken or missing linkshave
  your say on disgruntled
  of writtle !
i look forward to a full
  mailbag soon!

disgruntled
  of writtle  is
  planned to be a live, constantly changing publication, hopefully fuelled by
  feedback and comment from its readers.

  so,  if something annoys you  or rattles your cage, drop us a line
  and if its not openly abusive or illegal we will publish and give you
  the  full credit.
  i shall endeavour to to keep these pages  updated but updates require 	content  so please help by providing it.

  
               village 				links  				www.writtlevillage.co.uk    								www.writtleringers.org.uk  				www.writtle-village.com www. writtlepc.co.uk  				www.wheatsheet.co.uk    www.branchline.org    wheatsheaf 				public house           


     

