

kentucky hydrografx -- kentucky and barkley lake maps


































to receive 
                product updates and other news about hydrografx products and activities, 
                just add yourself to our email list with the form on the right. 

news 
              and updates..............
 

the 
                online store is up and running. click on the image to access the 
                new store!!


www.hydrografx.com/store


august 
              8, 2008

 new sidescan 
                hardware has been acquired recently with dramatically improved 
                capabiliites to collect the highest resolution data possible. 
                much testing has been completed to ensure that resulting products 
              will be of the highest accuracy possible.
sidescan data 
                has been collected in the "tn trio" area, with some 
                still left to do. in the last 2 weeks, the critical focus has 
                been on scanning the "barkley lake nw" area. we have 
                been in the shallowest flats initially before the lake drops much 
                lower due to the seasonal drawdown.

october 
              5, 2007

the sidescan 
                data for the east side bays south is now ready for purchase.
the form for 
                mail-in orders is already updated. click 
                here
we are currently 
                scanning the tn trio area of kentucky lake and plan to expand 
                further upstream into the tn portion of ky lake throughout this 
                fall. barkley lake will also get attention when we start scanning 
                the barkley lake nw area.

june 
              7, 2007

we have completed 
                what is named "kentucky lake northwest sidescan". this includes 
                the area originally topo and 3d mapped, but has been expanded 
                from 1800 to 3000 acres in size. 
a large portion 
                of the expansion includes what the sledd creek embayment near 
                kentucky lake dam. other areas expanded include the flats in the 
                backs of the smaller bays with the area. 
in our email 
                notices from now on, you will have the option to unsubscribe from 
                the notification list if you prefer to view our news on our website. 
                
mapping activities 
                in the immediate future will include finalizing the east side 
                south data for release, then working further upstream in the tennessee 
                portion of kentucky lake. 
the most recently 
                completed sets other than the new ky lake northwest include eddy 
                creek sidescan and donaldson creek sidescan (both are on lake 
                barkley). 
if you have 
                any questions about any aspect of our products, shoot us an email 
                at pdghahs@kentuckyhydrografx.com

may 
              17, 2007

we have added 
                several sample images of the new kentucky lake northwest sidescan 
                set. jump directly to that page by clicking here. 
                you can also link to it through the main product page for the 
                new set below.

may 
              14, 2007

kentucky 
                lake northwest sidescan data is finally complete. the first 
                disks will be mailed out on wednesday. the area of coverage was 
                expanded from 1800 to 3000 acres. most of the additional area 
                includes the upstream end of little bear cr. and the newly added 
                sledd creek. 
there are 
                several that have prepaid for the imagery and they will be first 
                out the door. more info to come in the next couple of days............

january 
              25, 2007

donaldson 
                creek sidescan is now complete!

january 
              13, 2007

eddy creek 
                sidescan data is available. 

september 
              9, 2006

other news... 
                we have a new survey boat that will allow all-year mapping work. excessive wind and/or 
                freezing conditions will be the only deterrent to data collection 
            activities from now on.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


click here to jump directly to purchasing 
                options 



interactive map to browse 
                        our current products 
click the map to jump directly 
                        to the interactive page.










join our email list using the form below.









 *
email 





 first 
                          name 





 last name






 *
zip 











 
* = required 
                          field


 





                    if you have questions about our products, feel free to email 
                    us here. 


sidescan sonar has been used 
                  since 2003 to detect woody structure in some of the bays on 
                  the lbl side of the lake, plus other major embayments on kentucky 
                  and barkley lakes. big sandy, big bear, blood river, and jonathan 
                  creek. it has been an "eye opening" experience to learn where 
                  structure exists and how much is commonly overlooked by both 
                  shoreline and open-water fishermen.

this is a picture 
                    of the original sidescan sonar. it is 30" long and weighs 
                approximately 30 pounds. 
the new sonar 
                    is twice as heavy and is capable of extremely detailed imagery. 
                    the most significant improvements include a razor blade thin 
                    sonar beam, towfish stability, extreme ping rates, and no 
                electrical noise whatsoever.

 
below 
                  are 2 stake beds or similar manmade structure. the square appearance 
                reveals a major clue that it is not a natural feature. 

this 
                  is a location in big sandy near a moderate slope into deeper 
                  water. white dots have been placed on what is likely natural 
                  stumps. i doubt that whoever placed the structure, knew there 
                  were 30 (or more) other structural features less than 50 yards 
                away.
the 
                  image above represents 0.9 acre. the width of the image is just 
                under 200 feet.

above 
                  is a submerged boat in blood river. it is 14 feet in length. 
                  notice the sonic shadow of the boat on the bottom. other unknown 
                structure exists off the front end of the boat. august 2004
 

high 
                  resolution topographic imagery is available for key areas in 
                  kentucky and barkley lakes 





kentucky 
                  hydrografx topographic maps have contour intervals of 0.5 - 
                  2.0 foot and all sets are provided on cd-rom. 
scans 
                  of popular paper navigation charts are also available if you 
                  are needing digital images of the entire lake.
a tutorial section 
                  has been added to give you some hints and ideas on how to use 
                  gps mapping software with digital images. enter the site and 
                  choose "tutorial" in the index. 





click here to enter kentucky 
        hydrografx website
copyright 2010 kentucky hydrografx, llc, a kentucky limited 
        liability company





