san diego hotels: find san diego hotel information and read reviews by hotelguide
homeaboutcontactsan diego hotels - homepageespañolmobile versionadd your hotel group hotel rates metroguide.network > hotelguide > north america > san diego homepagesan diego hotelshotel posts“best western plus bayside inn”“the best place to enjoy beautiful san diego. great access to all the attractions includin…”posted by: best western plus bayside inn“cheap hotel near downtown san diego”“enjoy the beauty and excitement of southern california at our cassia hotels san diego are…”posted by: studio 6 national city“under new management friendly service”“the quality inn airport/sea world area is conveniently located, just one mile from the sa…”posted by: quality inn airporthotels may post descriptions here without charge.reader reviews“lovely place for a great get away!”member, liz, hollywood - “my husband and i stayed at the porto vista, in san dieg…”said about: porto vista hotel“do not stay here ”private member, san diego - “manager spencer is the worst will accuse you of nons…”said about: embassy suites la jolla“avoid this hotel!”j., dallas - “this place just has a nasty 'feel to it' from the moment yo…”said about: travelodge san diego southreaders are welcome to share opinions.by location » by name » hotel events »(try keywords "hotel with a pool" or a zip code)
welcome to hotelguide.networks' directory of hotels and hotel reviews for san diego, california!

as california's second largest city after l.a., sprawling san diego borders mexico, the pacific ocean, the anza-borego desert and the laguna mountains, with san diego county covering 4,200 square miles. among big lures are more than 70 miles of beaches, 90-plus golf courses, and culturally diverse neighborhoods. attractions include seaworld, the san diego zoo, and legoland california, as well as historic treasures such as balboa park and old town. san diego county also ranks as a hot spot for indian gaming, with a dozen tribes operating casinos at locations ranging from las vegas-style resorts with glittery entertainment and golf to card rooms out in the boonies. dining options stretch from fish tacos at roadside stands to french fare at exclusive restaurants, and nightlife abounds with live music, dancing and more. shopping options are spread out in historic districts, villages, mega-malls, and chic suburbs. hillcrest and the gaslamp quarter have a reputation for nifty stores, girard avenue has world-class boutiques, the village of coronado is a hot spot for gifts, and carlsbad has an upscale outlet mall. to get around, the san diego trolley runs from old town to beyond mission valley, ending near mission san diego. a commuter line, coaster, connects oceanside and downtown, and the bus system, however slow, crisscrosses the county. san diego lodging options range from inns and motels to more than 120 conference hotels, including downtown's historic u.s. grant hotel, opening in autumn 2006 after a $52-million renovation. 

we have organized our listings of san diego's local hotel accommodations into several geographic 
areas and alphabetically.  you can begin browsing for hotels in the greater san diego area by 
selecting one of the links shown below.



browse hotels by location:
·downtown san diego
hotel options in downtown, old town and lindberg field san diego international airport (san). 

·la jolla - del mar
hotels in the area sometimes called "the village", la jolla, an upscale community located to the north of the mission bay area. 

·north county
hotels in the cities of carlsbad, encinitas, escondido, rancho bernardo and others are located in the beauty of the north county. 

·south bay
hotels south of san diego bay, on the way to the mexican border city of tijuana, in the towns of imperial beach, chula vista and san ysidro. 

·surrounding communities
hotels in surrounding communities such as ramona, julian, and more. 

·orange county metro
hotels in metropolitan orange county, just north of san diego. 

·coronado
hotels located across the bay in coronado, connected via the blue coronado bridge and home to the north island naval air station. 

·mission bay
hotels located northwest of the city center, home to the university of san diego, the hotel circle and sea world. 

·east county
hotels in the areas to the east of the city center, including santee, la mesa, el cajon and others. 




browse hotels by name:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
you can return to the hotelguide san diego home page at any time by pressing on the "hotelguide" button in the left margin of the page.
area facts: the greater san diego area has over 70 miles of pacific ocean beaches and an inventory of over 450 hotels.  the local area code for san diego is 619.
« top of pageevents at san diego hotelsair supply pop / rock performance… music - rock & metal harrah's resort southern californiasun 2/16/25 ron white comedic performance live… performance - comedic harrah's resort southern californiafri 3/7/25 the australian bee gees live concert performance… music - rock & metal sycuan casino resortfri 2/14/25 digimarcon california 2024 - digital marketing, media and advertising conference & exhibition join your peers for 2-days jam-packed with digital marketing best practices, latest trends, practica… business - conference marriott marquis & marina san diegothu 5/8/25 fri 5/9/25 cash after dark live concert performance… arts - concerts sycuan casino resortfri 1/24/25 l.a.vations - tribute to u2 live concert performance… arts - concerts sycuan casino resortsun 3/16/25 « top of pageadjacent links:anaheim hotelsinland empire hotelslos angeles hotelsorange county hotelspalm springs hotelsrelated links:area info.bakersfield hotelsfresno hotelslake tahoe hotelsmonterey hotelsnapa valley hotelsoakland hotelssacramento hotelssacramento valley hotelssan francisco hotelssanta barbara hotelssilicon valley hotelsstockton hotelsother links:smart highway daynational metaverse dayhawaii hotelshonolulu hotelskauai hotelslas vegas hotelslos cabos hotelsmaui hotelsmolokai hotelsphoenix hotelstucson hotelsyuma hotelsother versions:san diego guía de hotelesmetroguide.network > hotelguide > north america > san diego homepage« top of page | sitemap 
© 1996-2025, metroguide.com all rights reserved.privacy policy | terms and conditionsto list your hotel with the san diego hotelguide service: click here.to contact hotelguide: click here.hotelguide and hotelguide san diego are service marks of metroguide.com, inc. hotelguide network is a registered service mark of metroguide.com, inc. all other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. metroguide.com, inc. does not own or operate hotel properties. metroguideeventguideretailguidediningguidenightguidehotelguideattractionguidecruiseguidemore locations...full map
san diego hotels:our readers'3 smile favoritesstudio 819 residential hotelomni la costa resort & spacrown city innhotel del coronadoloews coronado bay resortclarion carriage house inn del marl'auberge del mar resort and spahilton del marcomfort inn escondidobest western franciscan innla estancia innhyatt regency la jollala jolla innsands of la jollahilton la jolla torrey pineshotels by featurenon-smoking hotelwifipet-friendlymeeting facilitygay-friendlyswimming poolfitness centerin-room safelarge hotelsmall hotel





