









thebrain: the ultimate digital memory
































products


thebrain
cloud services
teambrain
thebrain for ios
thebrain for android




learn


support
tutorials
free web training
big thinkers
applications




about


events
blog
recordings
press
jobs
company



store

download
cart
log in


















thebrain
cloud services
teambrain
support
blog
store
download
cart
log in




























go from chaos to clarity.


bring it all together. connect your ideas, files and life the way you think.

start for free









the original digital brain.

trusted by thought leaders around the world.



































































































































































































































































scalable. secure. private.
thebrain's proven infrastructure scales to millions of items. sync your data across devices with military-grade aes 256-bit encryption or choose standalone use for zero cloud storage.




ai-powered 
                                                    brainstorming 
                                                    and notes.
            
idea capture, visualization and ai all work in concert to infuse your second brain with astounding new insights. integrated artificial intelligence generates outlines and content with the click of a button. learn more.














work smarter and get more done.
take control by visualizing all your open loops, tasks, and ideas in your brain. sync makes your ideas and to dos available from your desktop, web browser, or mobile device.




stop searching.start finding.
never lose a file or idea. thebrain indexes it all — web pages, documents, images, notes — and helps you find it in seconds.














visual collaboration for your team.
share your team's thinking like never before. thebrain provides a visual context for teamwork that makes working together and sharing related information natural. spend time being productively working instead of working on productivity. learn more.





why our customers love us:






start your journey now.

free download

core features are forever free for personal use. 30 day trial of pro features. see pricing.






thebrain news



recorded webinar: mastering information complexity.  build your command center for 2025
jan 30, 2025
transform thebrain from an organization tool into your personal command center for clear thinking and decisive action in 2025.



recorded webinar: from task to triumph: use your brain for year-end success
dec 18, 2024
turn year-end chaos into your secret weapon.


see more news and articles on thebrain blog.


upcoming events



the knowledge evolution - elevate team intelligence with ai-powered collaboration
feb 27, 2025
join us for a live big thinker session with thebrain team. sign up.



thebrain 101 live
join us once a week at 10:00 am pacific time. watch live and get your questions answered. sign up.



















©
             thebrain technologies lp. thebrain, thebrain cloud services, teambrain and their respective logos are registered trademarks or trademarks of thebrain technologies lp.
            privacy policy. terms of use. contact.



 

 



thebrain newsletter



first name is required.



last name is required.




enter a valid email address.



send me the newsletter with tips, updates, special offers and more

this box must be checked to sign up.


i am interested in hearing about corporate solutions


            this site is protected by recaptcha and the google
            privacy policy and
            terms of service apply.
          









processing...














 

