



safetylane automotive equipment – industrial equipment supplier





























 








 









homeowners, looking for a lift for your garage?request a quote800-359-2974loginhomeproductsoverview2-post & 4-post liftsmobile columnsheavy duty truck liftsair compressorsshop equipmentfluid transfertechnician workspace & parts managementair quality & comfort systemsother equipmentservicesequipment managementconstruction servicesconsulting servicescustomerscommercialheavy dutyconstructionaboutoverviewmeet our teamcareerssae newscontactrequest a quote
helping youserve your customersand grow your business
find out howspend time working, not waiting
we know that you don’t have time for breakdowns or surprises.   you start everyday with a plan, and every interruption is a distraction from you achieving your goals.  at safetylane automotive equipment, we strive to serve you as you focus on what matters for your organization.  our goal for our relationship with our customers is that you can get what you need with one call.
when you work with our team, you can avoid chasing down vendors and parts and spend more time running your daily operations. we manage everything you need when it comes to repair, inspections, new equipment, construction, and installations.
service first
it is obvious from our name that we sell equipment, but we believe we sell service and relationships before we sell equipment.   you can buy equipment anywhere – other dealers, online – but for most of our customers, service after the sale is more important than getting a great deal with no support.  we think you value having a person to call to help you solve your problems quickly and efficiently, especially your most challenging and critical issues.  we want to be your first call, your problem solver, and your resource for whatever you need.
three in-house divisions to serve you
heavy duty
whether you are managing a fleet or servicing heavy duty vehicles for others, safetylane automotive equipment is a partner you can trust.  our dedicated heavy duty division understands the need of heavy duty customers.
learn morecommercial
from new dealerships to inspections, our commercial division can help you minimize down time and maximize profits – all with in-house technicians and our large in-stock inventory.
learn moreconstruction
our construction division is experienced in all phases of equipment-related construction.  we dig our own pits, pour and form our own concrete, run our own piping, and install our own equipment – all with in-house employees.  we are your one-stop shop.
learn morecall nowequipment
we work with the leading equipment suppliers to provide you with the best value for what you need. whether you service heavy duty or light duty vehicles, we can connect you with the industry’s best equipment.  and because we have options, we can give you choices – not just sell you the only brand we have.
2-post & 4-post liftschallenger and stertil-konifrom budget-minded 2-post lifts to heavy duty 4-post lifts, we have options for every application.
mobile column liftsstertil-koniwe carry stertil-koni heavy duty mobile column lifts, the premier brand in the industry.
air compressorsemax and championemax compressors are in-stock and an economical choice for small shops and large dealerships.
services
our factory-trained, in-house technicians are ready to provide you with comprehensive services. we can manage various aspects of your equipment installation and maintenance, which means with one call you can get the services you need to keep your shop moving.  we can work on the largest shops or dealership groups and be the “one-stop-shop” for their equipment and service needs.  when you are ready to add on to your existing facility or build a new shop, we are ready to share our years of experience.
automotive shopsautomotive shopsindependent shops
large service centers
dealership groups
heavy duty shopsheavy-duty shopsinspect
repair
maintain
replace
equipment managementequipment managementinspection
evaluation
installation
construction servicesconstruction servicesdemolition & removal
piping
concrete & installation
consulting servicesconsulting servicesshop design
cad drawings
minimize change orders
contact usneed to check your order or ask a question?
look up your estimates, work orders, sales orders, or invoicesaccess the customer portal with your e-mail addressgo to portalwe would be happy to answer any questions you havecall us at 800-359-2974call nowprefer to send us an email?email us at info@slaequip.comcontact sae


contact us
sae is here to serve your heavy duty or commercial shop with new equipment, service, or construction services. how can we help you succeed?
212 north main street
maxwell, in 46154
800-359-2974
equipmentheavy dutycommercialconstructionservicesinstagramfacebook 


				online form			

© copyright  sle technologies, inc. all rights reserved.
 menu
















