
















babies & us!







































































babies & us!

























our kids



love, love, love...








































































saturday, october 16, 2010







name bracket!





ok everyone!  so, we cant agree on names for this one, so jeff has decided to create a bracket of 64 names just like a basketball bracket for the big10. 

he is in charge, as i have no idea how to create a bracket and we will post asap.  he will need your participation and the betting will begin!  

stay tuned!
xoxo
ranit





posted by



ranitk




at

3:26 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















wednesday, october 6, 2010







one of only 3,000 babies!





our little one is pretty important already! 

he or she, is one of only 3,000 babies world wide to participate in a fetal growth study right here in charleston! 

the study is being performed by musc, northwestern and loyola.  it is a study to measure the fetal growth rates for babies.  

apparently that has not been done in decades and so the information is very antiquated. as we all know, the average baby born today is 3x's the size they were when i was a baby, 40 years ago.  

there were of course the exceptions to the rule.  we couldn't get by without those exceptions!  

however, for the most part, we are all bigger, super sized, if you will and so are our babies.  so the data has to be updated.  

so why are you doing this you ask??  i feel it's my duty to help the medical community advance it's science in any area that will help the rest of mankind.  

oh my, i sound like i am running for miss usa !  

"and what else would you like to accomplish as miss usa ranit?"  

"i would like to spread world peace mr. trump." 

ok ok, seriously folks, i am doing it because it will allow me 6 more times to see my little blueberry on 4d ultrasound!!    how cool is that! 

plus they give us $100 in walmart gift cards.  that's at least 2 boxes of diapers, so what they hay!  

the 4 d ultra sounds are so cool and i will post them next week when i get back from the first visit.  

then we can all start the sex pool!

   





posted by



ranitk




at

9:21 am



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















friday, october 1, 2010










and a one, a two, a one, two, three...building blocks, racing cars, musical birds, lego's, 
quacking ducks, drums, mirrors, balls, teddy bears, 
baby hairs, lions, books, zippers, abc's, 123's.
no no baby!  don't you pee on me!

rattles, boppys, blankies and boogies.  diapers, onesies and wipes,
football, baseball, basketball and a golf ball with stripes!

up and down, down and up, here and there and everywhere.  read to me the grizzly bear.

laugh and cry, scream and shout, i love you baby sweet little pout. crocodile tears, skinned knee, bump on your head, come and snuggle me. 

kisses and hugs, smiles and giggles, climbing and crawling, pulling and pushing, moving the furniture, falling and crushing. saying hello and waving bye bye. swing me, swing me up to the sky. 

this is the way our days go right now, soon to double the pleasure with our new little surprise. 
sickness is ending, blue skies ahead.  
this winter we may even try out a sled!





posted by



ranitk




at

9:34 am



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















tuesday, september 21, 2010







"did you get the number....."





"did you get the number of the truck driver that hit me?" i asked jeff as i tried desperately to get out of the bed.  "you shouldn't have done that beach sweep ranit!" he so lovingly states!


so, yesterday was yom kippur and jeff and caleb were feeling a bit under the weather and i was having a great day so, z and i got up had breakfast and set off for a remote barrier island of the sc coast called bull island.  this island is virtually untouched by man.  absolutely beautiful!  


my thought process was this, we will be totally in the midst of g-d as we are completely immersed in nature!  the perfect environment for reflection and the ocean is right there for tashlich !  


while we are there we are to pick up trash that comes ashore from far away places and a mitzvah has been done too!  i had it all figured out!


we arrive at the boat dock with several other volunteers and depart at 10:30am.  a 30 minute beautiful boat ride on the intra coastal waterway to the island.  tons of dolphins blue skies  and me and my sweet girl.
we arrive at the dock and the captain informs us that it's about a 2 mile walk from the dock straight through the island to the beach.  we must be back to the dock by 2pm, last boat! no problem!  lets go!


we begin our journey across the island and find that the trail is more like walking across the sand dunes.  hot sand dunes.  the temp has now reached 90 + degrees and climbing.  i have plenty of water.  up ahead i see this woman walking slowly and unsteady.  she is very heavy set and when i reach her, i become very worried for her.  i asked if she had water and she said yes.  i told her to find some shade and continued to the beach. passed alligators, cotton mouths and a host of beautiful birds and very large red and black cow ants!  


once to the beach we had to hurry as now the time is almost noon! we have to leave the beach by one to make sure we get back to the boat by two!  we walked quickly down the beach and discovered a ton of garbage that had washed up from who only knows where!  we filled a dozen bags and then some and headed back to the boat.  say it with me......whew!    

as we were walking back to the boat, my hands and fingers swollen to at least 3 times their normal size, i passed the woman from earlier.  she now looked 4 shades of ashen and i asked if she had rested.  she said yes, but it was just too hot for her.  she was heading back to the boat. take your time, i'll make sure they wait, i told her. i knew that if i just kept moving i would be fine, but the moment i stop, i will collapse.  

we got to the boat and i quickly sucked down 3 bottles of water so did z.  we ate some lunch and road back to the dock.  the breeze was amazing.  thank god for the breeze! we walked to the car and headed home.  once at home, i took a shower and collapsed on the bed.  z went straight to bed!  long day!

now it's sunday and i feel like i have been beaten up!  i think the day will be spent in bed.  ahhhh the joys of pregnancy.  no stamina!   i can't wait for the second trimester to begin!  

until we meet again.....xo ranit 





posted by



ranitk




at

7:16 am



2 comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















thursday, september 16, 2010







driving 55 mph and slamming into reverse!





"jeff honey, either i have the flu or i am pregnant again. i feel like crap!"  
" you are not pregnant!  look it took us 5 year & fertility to get caleb, there is no way we could do it in 10 months!"

the test.....positive!

so this is what morning sickness feels like.... but let me tell you there is nothing morning about it!  

why do i feel so sick this time and i had no morning sickness of any kind the last 2 pregs?  i got so many answers from so many different people...

"every pregnancy is different"
"maybe there are twins, you are older now!"
"your hormones must be raging!"  (ya think?)
"it's what you have been eating, try changing your diet"

the real truth that my many hours of lying on the counch moaning and wishing i could just be put away for a while led me to.  

imagine driving your car down the road at 55 mph and then slamming it into reverse! 
yah, that would be what happened to my body.  

caleb mysteriously decided to wein himself about 2 weeks prior to us figuring this out and what an amazing thing mother nature is!  it puts the fetus at risk to breast feed while pregnant!  the milk must have changed and he decided it was time to stop.  so, the massive exodus of all the hormones from beign pregnant and nursing caleb began to leave and the next set began to come on full force.  

there you have it!  a virtual drop of the transmistion.  boy does it suck!  

there is not much that can be done about morning sickness or as i so lovingly refer to it as all day and night sickness, except the usual remedies, crackers, ginger ale, water, eat all day, ginger tea, zophran for the desperate.  the last one can make you really sick defeating the purpose entirely!

most people say it ends by the 12th week.  i guess, we will see.  i am now eight weeks and it feels like an eternity! 

we have decided to participate in a nationwide fetal development study.  it just means we get to have one of the most important 3,000 babies in the country!  :)  that's what they tell us anyway. 

they will give us 6 extra 4d ultrasounds, just that many more times to see the baby!  why is that so intriguing?  we will be spending countless hours looking at the baby and holding the baby and feeding the baby in the midnight hours in a very few months.  why are we so drawn to see the baby inside? 

the 4d ultrasounds are more like looking at your picture in the fun house mirrors at the carnival. 

i just can't wait for this to pass.  if this one is going to be that different, i wonder what will come next??





posted by



ranitk




at

3:31 pm



1 comment:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest



















push mom push!





well folks, i have decided to blogg about this last and final pregnancy experience! through these experiences, i have leanred a few things about being pregnant and 40.  things that they don't tell you and that go untalked about!  i hope that through my experience, i can shed some light on the crazy things that our bodies go through.     

first a little history.  we married in 1999, i was 29, and had a beautiful little girl named makenzie.  easy preganancy, got all the books, natural delivery, some complications at the end of the delivery, life continued...blah blah blah....

5 years later we decided to start trying for another one.  not really thinking that it would be a big deal to conceive a second....10 years older and getting impatient we went in for fertility.

our wonderful doctor told us that the real problem was really not about our bodies, but about logistics.  it's a 24 hour window and if you dont connect during that time, then it wont work!  

you mean to tell us that in 10 years we have missed every 24 hour window!!!! that's truly a feat in itself!  the math oh the math, that's 120 months that we missed the clever 24 hour window! 

so, we paid for the easiest procedure, iui, intra uterine insemination.  pregnant the first time.  done!  

easy pregnancy, no morning sickness, no acne, not much weight gain !  did the genetic couseling to see if it was a possibility to have a down syndrome child because of course, i am considered high risk.

technically, ama, advanced maternal age.  the one advatage of this is that you get all kinds of extra peeks at the baby!  we had 5 4d ultra sounds!  

everything came back fabulous! in fact i was told that i had the same chances of having a child with a genetic disorder as a 20 year old woman!  whoo hoo!  way to boost my ego!

40 years old at delivery, 6 hour labor, our 10 year old in the delivery room right beside me, coaching me to "push mom push!"  

(every child should experience that, then maybe the teenage pregnancy rates would drop fast! 
not to metion it is one of the greatest and most beautiful things a human body can do. )

 beautiful baby boy..... my eyes fill up and so does my heart.  our lives are complete.  we have replaced ourselves with two beautiful children.  we are so happy.  

two virtually painless pregnancies, two beautiful babies.  

he's ten months and she's almost 11,  surprise!  here we go again!





posted by



ranitk




at

2:28 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest
















home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















followers











blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2010

(6)





        ▼ 
      



october

(3)

name bracket!
one of only 3,000 babies!
and a one, a two, a one, two, three...building blo...








        ► 
      



september

(3)









about me




ranitk



view my complete profile











































watermark theme. powered by blogger.
























