





  







	home page






























01116660100


faq's | sitemap | contact us | عربـــي














login









toggle navigation  home pageabout ebacommitteesbusiness councilstestimonialsboard membersexecutive teameba eventscommittees meetingsincoming delegationsoutgoing delegationsbusiness lunches & dinnersconferencesbusiness councils meetingsinternational daysround tablestrade fairs & exhibitionsseminarscourtesy visitsfield tripssigning ceremoniestraining coursescelebrationsjoint committeesrepresenting ebaworking groupsotherpress conferencesgeneral assembly meetingscommittees working papersmembershipsearch for membermembership categoriespublications & medianewsletterannual reportmedia watchphoto galleryvideosstudies & reportsmembers' servicesbusiness opportunitiessubscription



























welcome to egyptian businessmen’s association

eba was founded in 1975 and ratified in 1979 under the law 32/1964. eba is a non-governmental, non-for-profit organization that seeks to unify the efforts of private egyptian interests in contributing to the productivity and efficient national economic and social development of egypt. in order to carry out these duties, eba had to be in the first place a lobbying power on behalf of the egyptian business community to protect its interests and enhance the private sector existence
presently, the egyptian economy does not act under planned forces but rather under the free market forces. with all these privatization programs and the growing private sector share in the gdp together with the globalization process.
read more



eba sponsors
           













eba objectives

to create a healthy economic environment for the businessmen in order to practice a constructive role in the economic development process.
to address economic issues and problems facing the business community through an effective dialogue with government officials and authorities.
to strengthen the role of the business community in the economic decision-making policy with the aim of better application of laws and regulations resulting in a higher level of performance.
to support the role of the egyptian business community in the globalization process by enhancing the competitiveness of the egyptian products in the foreign & local markets, and attracting foreign investment to development projects.









eba latest eventshuman resources and technical training committee meeting12/02/2025the human resources and technical training committee, headed by dr. mohamed helal, held an online meeting via the microsoft team application, with the participation and presence of eng. majd el-din al-manzalawi - secretary general and chairman of the industry and scientific research committee, eng. mustafa al-najari - chairman of the agriculture and irrigation committee, mr. ahmed mounir ezz el-din - first vice chairman of the industry and scientific research committee, ms. abeer lahita - vice chairman of the transport committee and with the participation of the executive management of the association with the aim of opening the door for dialogue and discussion on: sector-specific training and skills needs. seeing each committee on the training needs and special skills needed in its sector. provide a comprehensive vision of the qualified labor required in each sector develop a comprehensive training plan based on the needs of different sectorsjoint meeting between the real estate development and contracting and engineering consultancy committees12/02/2025the eba, headed by eng. ali issa - chairman of the board of directors, held a joint meeting organized by the real estate development committees headed by eng. fathallah fawzy, vice chairman of the board of directors and chairman of the committee, and the engineering consulting committee headed by dr. walid swaida, with eng. khaled abbas, president of the administrative capital company for urban development. the meeting was held in the presence of eng. ahmed sabbour, member of the board of directors, eng. alaa fikri - vice chairman of the real estate development and contracting committee of the association, and eng. murad michel bakhoum, vice chairman of the committee engineering consultancy and mr. maged ezz el-din, chairman of the finance committee, and a group of members of the two committees and representatives of the executive management of the association and the media. real estate development and contracting committee meeting10/02/2025the egyptian businessmen association, headed by eng. ali issa - chairman of the board of directors, held a meeting organized by the real estate development committee headed by eng. fathallah fawzy, vice chairman of the board of directors and chairman of the committee, with prof. dr. ahmed taher - director of graduate studies at the department of journalism and mass communication at the american university in cairo the meeting was held in the presence of eng. alaa fikry - vice chairman of the real estate development and contracting committee of the association and a group of committee members and representatives of the executive management of the association and the media. "the uses of ai in the development of the real estate sector and its services" were reviewed and discussed


















eba membership

there are three types of membership: corporate, original and associate.
the membership list consists of carefully chosen number of prominent businessmen in egypt who occupy leading and decision making positions in the business community. the membership covers a wide range of economic activities.
conditions of membership




corporate member
the company is registered as an eba member, it is represented by a maximum of 3 persons: one principal and two affiliate members. the principal member enjoys all the benefits and rights given to the original member including attending ...
read more





original member
is the member who applied for membership and fulfilled all the conditions and is accepted by eba board. the original member has the right to attend the general assembly meeting and to nominate himself to be
a member in eba’s board.
read more





associate  member
the associate member is associated to an original member, he enjoys all the benefits and rights given to the original member except for the right of attending the general assembly meeting and to nominate himself to be a board member.
read more











eba address




gps coordinates finder















eba contacts
address: 21 giza st., nile tower, giza, egypt
tel: + (202) 3572 3020 / + (202) 3573 6030
mob: 010 0538 4604 / 010 0538 4605
e-mail: eba@eba.org.eg


like us on facebook
follow us on twitter
follow us on linked in


follow us on instagram
subscribe to youtube
download android app
download ios app









copyright © 2025, egyptian businessmen’s association. all rights reserved.




















