


ahi | affordable housing institute













































































about 
services 
projects
news + resources
get involved
donate 







 


about 

team
our story


services 

impact
consulting
chrysalis housing impact accelerator
rehousing ukraine initiative
thought leadership
health secure housing


projects
news + resources
get involved
donate










improving housing ecosystems worldwideahi is a global impact consultancy that specializes in housing policy and finance.explore ahisupport ahi 










our servicesahi works with pro-poor innovators to address systemic obstacles to affordable housing.
we provide expert advice, research, and capital to enable the development of, and access to, affordable and equitable housing in any market.








impactwe invest time and money in promising early-stage housing entities, and change housing ecosystems.
 





consultingwe deliver tailored market analyses, policy recommendations, and product designs to a broad range of clients.
 





thought leadership our theoretical work parallels and intersects with our consulting work for greater impact.
 





health secure housingwe bring together research, innovation, and capital to make housing health secure.
 





view all of our services 










featured projectsrecent and particularly impactful projects from around the world.
view all projects 










 

2020 u.s.a.identifying tactics and strategies for improving health outcomes for residents of affordable housing 




 

2020boston, u.s.a.charlestown resident alliance strategic planning and technical assistance 




 

2020 guyanaguyana national housing strategy 




 

2020ho chi minh city, vietnamvietnam housing market assessment 




 

2020 indiasewa grihrin, development of business and financial plan 




 

2020suva, fijifiji housing public-private partnership 




 

2020east jerusalem, israel/palestineeast jerusalem market study 




 

2019 cemac countriescemac affordable housing finance strategic roadmap 







1 of 8













global impact data 








200
projects
 






60
countries
 






17
years of making a difference
 





1 missionincrease access to safe, secure, and healthy housing around the world.
 









about ahifounded in 2002, ahi is an impact consultancy that specializes in affordable housing policy, finance, and development around the world. we work with pro-poor innovators to address systemic obstacles to affordable housing and enable improvements in housing ecosystems through research, innovation, and action. 
our clients include development banks, governments, private entities, community organizations and international ngos.
read more about us 



 












how ahi makes changeahi tackles housing challenges with the following approach:








analyze1 we understand housing through an ecosystem lens.
 





innovate2 we harness global best practices to design locally tailored products.
 





act3 we combine a diversity of technical perspectives and skills.
 









news & mediarecent writings and presentations.
all news & media 










 

february 21, 2024
the essential housing authority 




 

february 21, 2024
redeveloping public housing via subsidy portage: the gordian knot? 




 

february 21, 2024
the future of public housing: christmas yet to come? 




 

september 8, 2023
harvard graduate school of design executive education course 




 

november 5, 2021
financial shock absorbers needed now 




 

september 1, 2021
the guru is in: how to sue the federal government (and live to tell the tale) 




 

august 1, 2021
the guru is in: mutual benefit entities 




 

july 1, 2021
the guru is in: underinvestment is contagious 







1 of 8














get involved 






 

donatehelp us continue to push the boundaries of what’s possible and improve housing for families around the world.
donate 





 

newsletterinterested in hearing more? sign up here to receive our quarterly newsletter and notice of special events.
subscribe 











 




servicesconsultingimpact investingthought leadershiphealth secure housingprojectsget involveddonatenewsletter signupaboutthe challengeour approachahi teamassociates & advisorsboard of directorsnews & medianews & eventsarticlesreportsbooks & proceedingscontact us 








subscribe to the ahi newsletter

name*


first name



last name

email*

namethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 submit 












 


214 cambridge street, 2nd floor • boston, ma 02114phone: (617) 502-5980


© 2025 affordable housing institute. all rights reserved. 
ahi is 501 (c)(3) organizationein: 92-0185895 





 








web design by goingclear
					


 























