








gain charity: guillain-barré syndrome (gbs) & associated neuropathies





















































 

























home
shop
contact us




















followfollowfollowfollowfollow



donate

shop










support

information and advice
peer support
personal grants
online get togethers
local get togethers
medical professionals
newsletter
notifying the dvla
travel insurance


information hub

factsheets
gbs & associated acute inflammatory neuropathies
cidp and associated chronic inflammatory neuropathies
mmn – multifocal motor neuropathy
faqs
big get together 2024 – full conference recording
external links
podcasts
eat your way to a healthier you
live well
downloads


get involved

membership
volunteer
fundraising events
awareness
gainmomentum
fundraising
get your business involved
become a trustee
200 club
ways to donate
gifts in wills
suggestion box


about us

our impact
medical advisory board
research
funded research
annual report & accounts
policy and agm minutes


your stories
news

lowdowns and updates – the gain newsletters
blogs about gbs, cidp, and more

























 















welcome to gain (guillain-barré and associated inflammatory neuropathies), the uk’s only charity dedicated to supporting people affected by guillain-barré syndrome (gbs), cidp, mmn, and other related inflammatory neuropathies. 
whether you’re looking for advice, information, or just someone who truly understands what you’re going through, we’re here to help. we can offer peer support, personal grants, online get togethers, and much more, so take time and explore what gain can do for you.
our support extends across the uk and ireland, helping individuals and families navigate these rare but life-changing conditions. your support also helps us fund important research into these conditions, so please check out the fundraising opportunities available today!










new year, new events!
sign up today












about gbs
back to basics, learn about the conditions we support through a new series of short and accessible blogs.





support
looking for support? please give us a call, drop us an email, or message us.





online get togethers
a safe space where people can come together to have a chat each month.







personal grants
visiting a loved one in hospital can be expensive, we offer personal grants for travel, medical equipment, and home adaption.





peer support
one of the best ways of understanding a condition is by speaking to someone with lived experience of it. we can match you to one of our amazing volunteers.





information hub
with links to fact sheets, downloads, and information guides. your one stop educational shop. 













make a donationby making a kind donation to gain, you’re helping us provide peer support and online get togethers, create awareness campaigns, fund personal grants to those in need, and also helps us fund vital, field changing research. thank you!
give a gift to gain














become a membergain is a membership organisation, and our members are incredibly important to us. have your say on the future and direction of gain by becoming a free member today. we have voting and non-voting roles available. 
sign up

















fundraisingsupport gain by taking on a challenge, hosting a ladies day, running a workplace bake off and more!

get involved









volunteeras a small charity, gain really depends on its volunteers to help reach and support people, raise awareness, and help the charity to meet its goals and objectives. we’ve a lot of exciting roles available, so take a look and see what fits.

register today









200 clubthe gain 200 club is a fun and simple way to raise funds for gain, whilst at the same time offering members the opportunity to win monthly cash prizes.

feeling lucky?









gifts in willslegacy giving ensures that gain can continue providing our services long into the future. learn more about free will writing services by clicking below.

learn more










shopfrom t-shirts, to badges, to greeting cards, we’ve got a wide range of gain branded merchandise to help raise funds and raise awareness!

buy now










newsletters
each month we release the gain update, it’s a short newsletter to keep you up to date with all things gain. don’t miss our quarterly lowdown – this is the big one and is 20+ pages of the latest news from gain and the gbs, cidp, and mmn community.
don’t miss an edition, you can sign up to our mailing list at the foot of this page.













gain update no. 7

by chris morton | jan 17, 2025 | charity news, newsletters




gain lowdown no. 7

by chris morton | dec 13, 2024 | charity news, newsletters




gain update 6

by chris morton | nov 16, 2024 | charity news, newsletters


« older entries










subscribe to our newsletter






subscribe
* indicates required
email address *first name last name 















 










information hubget involvedresearchyour stories



donatehometerms & conditionsprivacy policy



shopabout uscontact us



followfollowfollowfollowfollow







all content copyright gain © 2025



guillain-barré & associated inflammatory neuropathies | registered charity 1154843 & sco39900



 




 


 


























