
















string academy – peck school of the arts



















































 









skip to content
skip to footer
 


site menu
  


academics

all academic programs
major
minor
master’s
undergraduate certificate
graduate certificate
departments
non-majors


students

all services & resources
student life
academic resources
admission, cost & aid
advising
facilities resources
campus resources


events & community

events calendar
box office
youth & community programs
performing arts
theatre performances
galleries & exhibitions
cinemas & screenings
artists now! lecture series
experimental tuesdays
artseco
mailing list


about

directory
facilities & locations
news & stories
about the school
alumni
give
contact


 request info
visit
apply
for faculty & staff
give
uwm.edu 



university of wisconsin-milwaukee

peck school of the arts 

site search
  





search for:searchsearch collectionsearch peck school of the artssearch all uwm 




home events & community string academy 



string academy



datesageslocationcontactfall, spring & summer sessions4–18music buildinguwm-stringacademy@uwm.edu
students at the uwm string academy learn to use their minds, ears, and bodies to express themselves through music. through this journey, each child learns valuable lessons in problem solving, concentration, consistency and discipline, developing self-confidence, perseverance through challenges, an appreciation for beauty and artistry, and the joy of making music as part of a larger community.
the uwm string academy is supported by generous grants from the string academy of wisconsin donor advised fund at the greater milwaukee foundation and the milwaukee recreation partnership for the arts & humanities.
programs
the uwm string academy offers students between the ages of 4 and 18 a comprehensive musical education with a focus on the violin and viola. highly qualified artist faculty provide musical instruction based on the methods and philosophies of mimi zweig, shinichi suzuki, and paul rolland.  the special training, experience, and expertise of the string academy faculty in the musical training of young people results in students playing with technical ease and musical sensitivity.
under the careful guidance from faculty and parents, students engage in a challenging course of study that includes private and group instruction, daily home practice, frequent solo and ensemble performances, master classes, and music theory and ear training study. string academy alumni who have taken the path of becoming musicians are now performing and teaching throughout the world. while some may choose music as a career, all string academy students can develop a lifelong appreciation for the joy and beauty of music.
expand all
uw-milwaukee | summer 2025
violin beginner program (june 16–july 26)
get your budding violinist off to a great start with instruction designed for youngsters who have never played a string instrument. price for this six-week program is $325 per student.
datetimedetailsjune 16-204:30–5:30 p.m.daily group lessons with two string academy facultyjune 23–july 2630 minute sessionsweekly private lessons scheduled independently with a string academy faculty memberjune 24–july 224:30–5:30 p.m.tuesday group lesson with a string academy faculty member
private lessons (june 16–august 2)
in-person instruction (unless otherwise requested) taught by jamie hofman, heidi barker, jim przygocki, or sherry sinift.
four lessonssix lessons30 minutes: $18030 minutes: $27045 minutes: $24045 minutes: $36060 minutes: $30060 minutes: $450

uw-milwaukee | academic year 2024-25
the academic year program includes individual lessons which vary in length, and weekly group lessons ranging from 1 to 3 hours (scheduled between 8 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. saturday). for advanced students, a music theory class is offered. group concerts, solo recitals, and other performance opportunities take place throughout the year.


fall semester dates

instruction: august 26–january 18
no instruction: november 25–30 and december 16–january 4



spring semester dates

instruction: january 20–may 24
no instruction: march 17–22



programcost (per semester)*beginner program$83030 minutes (lessons + group)$93045 minutes (lessons + group)$1,25060 minutes (lessons + group)$1,510*financial aid is available for a reduced registration fee (including discounts for multiple students and/or uwm employees).

urban students in arts outreach | academic year 2024-25
the urban students in arts outreach program (usao), which provides violin instruction, was developed to help meet the needs of musically talented low-income and minority students who are deserving of professional instruction. the program creates a positive educational experience for disadvantaged students, and helps develop discipline, self-confidence, self-esteem, aesthetic awareness and cultural appreciation in students whose lives can be altered with serious music study.
the usao trains students each year at escuela vieau k-8 elementary school in walker’s point and milwaukee high school of the arts. students are taught by uwm string academy staff as well as by master of music in string pedagogy students from uw-milwaukee. usao families pay a nominal fee for weekly private lessons and participate in all group and performance activities of the string academy.
if you are interested in bringing instruction to your school, please contact us! 



view our outlook calendar 
support the string academy

registration

current & previous string academy families: register using the link below.
new & interested summer violin beginner families: register using the link below.
new & interested academic year families: request info using the form below and we’ll contact you to discuss availability and placement.

payment schedule summer 2024fall 2024spring 2025full paymentjune 22august 31january 25installmentsn/aaugust 31, september 28, october 26january 25, february 22, april 5an additional $10 charge is added for late payments, including late installment payments.


request info
register
submit payment

instructors
heidi  barkerlecturer, pre-college violin and violahmbarker@uwm.edumusic building 139jamie  hofmanteaching faculty iii, pre-college violin and violadirector, uwm string academyhofman@uwm.edumusic building 271james  przygockiassociate adjunct professor, pre-college violin and violaprzygock@uwm.edusherry  siniftadjunct professor, pre-college violin and violasinift@uwm.edu307-760-4719music building 231






uwm collects information from website visitors. for information on what information is collected, how this information is used, and with whom the information is shared please review uwm’s website privacy statement.close 




university of wisconsin-milwaukee

 peck school of the arts 
academic programs
events & community
facilities & locations
students
give
request info
visit
apply



contact peck school of the arts
2400 e. kenwood blvd.
theatre building, room 120
milwaukee, wi 53211

contact form
arts@uwm.edu
414-229-4763 
facebook
linkedin
youtube
instagram
 




universities of wisconsin
copyright © university of wisconsin-milwaukee and university of wisconsin board of regents.


web privacy statement
accessibility
feedback






scroll to top
 











