


cheap tours to india, india tours, travel india, tours and travel in india













  
    


home
cars
flights
tours
hotels
trains
places
contact





















day trip to taj mahal
experience "the epitome of love" : tajmahal tourism




golden triangle tour
delhi agra jaipur tour | most famous tourist circle - golden triangle tour




northern highlight - north india tour
erotic temple tour and boat ride in the holiest river ganges




rajasthan tourism
leave your footprints on the sands of time




kerala tour
god's own state - south india tourism



previous  next


india travel tours welcome you in india
welcome to india. it is made accessible by various india tour professionals. they make sure that your tours in india are a heavenly experience, so you can be safe about your security during your india travel, as they have the wherewithal and professional expertise to provide you with all your requirements during your next tours and travel in india.
informative travels is india's leading online travel agency that serves you with range of tourism activities. as a leading travel agent and tour operator in india, we provide unparalleled india packages that perfectly suit the budget traveler as well as the luxurious holiday seeker. discover the magic of this great country with our most popular and cheap tour packages to agra, rajasthan, rishikesh, goa and hundreds of other tourist destinations in india.
india tour packages

india tours to rajasthan

06 days rajasthan tour
13 days rajasthan tour
15 days rajasthan tour



india tours to north india

09 days north india tour
13 days north india tour
14 days north india tour



india tours to hill stations

shimla kullu manali tour
kashmir tour
leh ladakh tour




india tours to mumbai based:

mumbai aurangabad tour
14 days mumbai north india tour



india tours to temples:

south india temple
sikh plgrimage



india tours to wildlife

rajasthan wildlife tour
nanital corbett tour




india tours luxury train tours

palace on wheels tour
royal orient tours



india tours to stopovers

delhi agra delhi tour
delhi jaipur delhi tour



india tours by flights

discover india tour
north india flight tours




india tours to golden triangle

4 days golden triangle
5 days golden triangle
6 days golden triangle
7 days golden triangle
golden triangle-rishikesh
agra jaipur ranthambore



india tours to south india:

08 days south india tour
09 days south india
15 days south india
20 days south india



india tours to beaches

goa south india beaches tour
goa beach tour
andaman tour package




india travel tips
foreign nationals visiting india are required to possess a valid indian visa. a passport with validity for six months from date of departure; is must. citizen of australia, germany, japan, maurtius, mexico, uae and usa can obtain visa on arrival for one month.
keep photocopies of your travel documents at different places like in hotel. you may also scan them and keep them in your mail box online.
it is highly recommended to drink only mineral water (bottled water). many of indian cuisine is a tad too spicy therefore indulge in these delights only if you have the stomach for it. there are plenty of non-spicy cuisines and delicacies to choose from.
it is advisable to keep insect repellent cream. if you are allergic to dust, be sure to carry medication with you. sunscreen is another must-have.
in india, public display of affection is not appreciated and neither is public nudity except at few beaches.
always travel with advance hotel and train reservations, so as to avoid last minute hassles, giving rise to the possibility of chance mishaps.
never share your itinerary with any person who is not directly related to the planning of your trip. likewise, never disclose to any person that it is your maiden trip to india, lest they treat you as an easy quarry.   more ...




india tour query :


your name : 
your email : 
your interests 
 
what is 5 + 3?

refresh









india tour packages

agra day trip
agra jaipur tour
north india tour
rajasthan tour
rajasthan wildlife tour
nainital corbett tour
golden triangle tour
shimla manali tour
leh ladakh tour
palace on wheels
discover india flights



car rental in india


informative travels owns a large fleet of cars with all india tourist permit. explore india on your own pace and have feel of real india by hiring a car with us! more ...


best time to visit india
though india is a 365 days destination, yet india travel tours suggests that it is best to visit indian plains during cooler months from october to march and mountainous regions of india during the months of april to september. peak seasons vary by location, changes in the weather as well as the timing of holidays and religious festivals.








informative travels
162 b, mayur vihar,, phase 1, pocket 1,,new delhi - india.
helpline: +91 9350 162 414, 888 222 46 44
for information/bookings: indiatraveltours@gmail.com / info@indiatraveltours.com



home
cars
flights
tours
hotels
trains
places
contact
sitemap


copyright © 2022 informative travels. all rights reserved.


