





vinnie spit - spit band from wilmington, de





































home
discography
audio
video
reviews
live shows
shop






home
discography
audio
video
reviews
live shows
shop






spit









vinnie spit
vinnie spit is a multi-instrumentalist, composer and performer. he formed his band spit in 1985 and began recording and performing in wilmington, de and surrounding areas.he was also a member of batz without flesh and zoccola.


so does anyone actuallylike this guy?
                  
listen here



















punk rock legend? meh...
                  
vinnie spit released his first album "thrust and disgust" in 1986. he signed to nts records in 1988 where he recorded four more records. he later signed production/licensing deals with several more labels including cargo music, hot entertainment, vinyl communications, callner music and a few european labels including snowdonia in italy.
his first vinyl release, "road pizza", hit 32 in england on john peel's top 50 for 1988. his lp, "you would if you loved me", was nominated for best lp for 1989 by wmmr radio in philadelphia and big shout magazine. he was proclaimed a local hero by the university of delaware newspaper and has charted on almost every college station in the country.
                  





three decades,one lunatic.
                  
mr. spit has released 24 albums and eps over three decades. however, instead of storing his albums with the rest of your cd's, you'll probably hide them under your mattress.
vinnie spit owns the united states federal trademark for the name spit in use as a performer, musical act and music production in all mediums. if you are wondering if this is the original spit who did "blue velvet - don't you fucking look at me!", etc...yes it is.
                  



















opinions are likeassholes...
                  

"whether you find spit funny, offensive, or sexist,one thing remains clear: the boy has talent."- sheila gallagher, the review"

mr. spit attempts to be the grossest person on vinyland very nearly succeeds."- andrea 'enthal, alternative press

"the ultimate in pain and pleasure simultaneously."- keith york, chicago



read more reviews









whoa, that's a lot of albums. these won't all fit under my mattress.

see complete discography









hey vinniei want some free swag
                  
if you would like some free spit shit, email your mailing address to the . you'll get some stickers, posters, cds and maybe even a shirt. depends what's available at the time.
email vinnie spit















â© 1985-2020 vinnie spit / pacific force, inc.



