



 























ucl computer science | ucl computer science - ucl – university college london



 





































close













study
research
engage
about
give


 


ucl computer science
home



homestudyresearchcollaboratenews and eventspeopleabout

ucl homeucl computer sciencehome
study
research
collaborate
news and events
people
about
home
study
research
collaborate
news and events
people
about





 




ucl homeucl computer science





ucl computer science

      ucl computer science is home to some of the world's most influential and creative researchers in the field of computer science.    
 a global leader in experimental computer science research, our degree programmes recognise the importance of computer systems in commerce, industry, government and science. offering teaching by the brightest minds, we create innovative technologies that change lives with computers. the research excellence framework (ref), which assesses the quality of research in uk higher education institutes, ranked us second in the uk for research power and first in england in the most recent evaluation.









learn with us


our degree programmes recognise the ever-increasing importance of computer systems in fields such as commerce, industry, government and science. 









partner with us


close relationships with other research institutions, charities, businesses and local schools are vital to our collaborative approach. 










our research


our research makes a deep and lasting impact on all aspects of society. see how our work is sculpting the future and modelling the world around us. 









equity, diversity and inclusion 


find out more about our work in the areas of equity, diversity and inclusion within ucl computer science. 





 latest newsfunnelback feed: https://cms-feed.ucl.ac.uk/s/search.json?collection=drupal-engineering-s...double click the feed url above to edit cs in ucl newsfunnelback feed: https://cms-feed.ucl.ac.uk/s/search.json?collection=drupal-push-news-new...double click the feed url above to editupcoming eventsfunnelback feed: https://cms-feed.ucl.ac.uk/s/search.json?collection=drupal-engineering-s...double click the feed url above to edit







follow us





instagram
 

linkedin
 

youtube
 




 
what is computer science?youtube widget placeholderhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_afnitqcwyqdr graham roberts, principal teaching fellow, talks about ‘computer science and its application through student projects (ixn) in collaboration with our partners in industry, the nhs, charities, and research’. visit our youtube channel for more video content



gender equality (athena swan) at ucl computer sciencecontactdepartment of computer science university college london66-72 gower streetlondonwc1e 6ea+44 (0)20 7679 2000
view map

  










information for

current students
staff
alumni
business
donors



visit

maps
library, museums and collections
bloomsbury theatre
ucl east
tours and visits



connect with ucl

jobs
media relations
events
ucl and london
ucl shop














university college london, gower street, london, wc1e 6bt tel: +44 (0) 20 7679 2000


copyright © 2025 ucl
disclaimer
freedom of information
accessibility
privacy and cookies
slavery statement
contact us



 










