
















home

























               


 
    home



  about us



  our retail partners



  our brands



  downloads



  contact











    
 





       
 transforming years of experience in distribution

  into a supply of excellent products
and fantastic brands

that our retail partners can rely on



    our
brands
    
    



  



  





    


  


  




    



  






    


  


  










   

 about
orion
 here at orion, we have 35 years of experience distributing products across europe and the uk, and we’ve built
﻿rock-solid, long lasting relationships with a wide variety of major retailers; supplying them with quality products and solutions all along the way.we have strong, first-hand experience that covers all retail channels in both traditional retail environments and in the world of ecommerce. with that experience, we are able to react quickly to emerging trends and changes across all marketplaces - we pride ourselves on being first to market more often than not, all while offering a diverse range of products.with the help of our network of strategic partners, based both in europe and the far east, we’ve created an unbreakable supply chain built on foundations of trust. the relationships we have with our partners stretch back decades, giving us an edge over the competition that benefits all of our retail partners; we bring them unbeatable quality, reliability, and value, time and time again.we’re proud to say that - at the beginning of the covid pandemic - we emerged as a first-choice partner for many major pharmacy retailers in the uk, trusted and relied upon to deliver a constant, consistent, and compliant supply of medical grade ppe products - over just a 6 month period, we supplied nearly 10 million masks under our termin8 brand. 



   
 our retail
partners
  see the trendsetters who use our products
     

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button





view more




   
    quality

 compliance

 ethics

 sustainability


    


working alongside our sister company and manufacturing division, aquarius accessories, we’ve clocked up over 35 years of manufacturing experience. in that time, our fe team has built great relationships with a network of factories that we can rely on, ensuring that we always deliver top quality products to our clients. we work with iso 9001 accredited factories that employ stringent qc processes, and we make regular visits to factories to ensure quality standards are maintained. 




    


we work with all major international testing labs to ensure that all products sold are fully compliant with the latest and most up-to-date standards, including anyregion-specific standards as required. 




    


we work with only the most responsible partners; partners that treat their teams well and adhere to strict, recognised standards. our own experience of internal audit processes helps us to choose suppliers that have verifiable accreditations, like sedex smeta, and helps us to work closely at both ends of the chain, from factory to retailer, to ensure that any further requirements can and will be satisfied. 




    


we work with our partners to reduce the use of virgin plastic and paper, through switching to card-only packaging from sustainable sources and/or recycled/recyclable options on plastic packaging.  






  









          call us on: +44 208 573 5417

 have a question or comment? let us know.

email us:
sales@orionelectronics.co.uk
you can also find us here:
    

 

 





                                     join our newsletter and find out more


 contact us
   email:






thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later




   downloads     
modern slavery statements   
terms & conditions   contact us 





    


   © 2025 
orion electronics london limited | all rights reserved 
























































































































  
  share by:










