    
	pulmonary fibrosis foundation | pulmonary fibrosis foundation
                   
 
 


skip to main content




 pff help center(844) 825-5733



facebook



twitter



linkedin


youtube


instagram


 join the pff registry

 donate

 shop pff








menu




to navigate the following site navigation expect to utilize the tab key to move through items sequentially. the spacebar or enter keys can be utilized to interact with items that open sub-navigation.






                understanding pf
            








                        newly diagnosed: start here
                    






                        pf basics: info for newly diagnosed patients
                    







                        about pulmonary fibrosis
                    






                        what is pulmonary fibrosis?
                    





                        causes
                    





                        diagnosis
                    





                        symptoms
                    





                        glossary and abbreviations
                    







                        types of pulmonary fibrosis
                    






                        idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis
                    





                        environmental
                    





                        occupational
                    





                        drug-induced
                    





                        radiation-induced
                    





                        autoimmune connective tissue disease
                    





                        other types of pulmonary fibrosis
                    







                        treatment options
                    






                        supplemental oxygen
                    





                        pulmonary rehabilitation
                    





                        pulmonary rehabilitation toolkit
                    





                        symptom management
                    





                        medication
                    





                        lung transplantation
                    



















                patients & caregivers
            








                        medical and support resources
                    






                        find medical care
                    





                        find a support group
                    





                        pff help center
                    





                        pulmonary rehabilitation toolkit
                    





                        for the caregiver
                    





                        clinical trials
                    





                        covid-19
                    





                        medical statements
                    







                        education resources
                    






                        fact sheets
                    





                        maintain your health
                    





                        videos
                    





                        webinars
                    





                        telemedicine
                    





                        educational materials
                    





                        pff insights blog
                    





                        clinical trials blog
                    





                        pff summit
                    







                        oxygen therapy
                    






                        what is oxygen therapy?
                    





                        benefits
                    





                        oxygen rights and resources
                    





                        oxygen therapy faqs
                    







                        join a research study
                    






                        pff community registry
                    





                        apple familial pulmonary fibrosis study
                    





                        precisions
                    





                        find a clinical trial
                    



















                researchers & healthcare providers
            








                        clinical resources
                    






                        webinars
                    





                        cme/ce library
                    





                        position statements
                    





                        educational materials
                    





                        pff summit
                    





                        covid-19
                    





                        fact sheets
                    







                        research opportunities
                    






                        pff community registry
                    





                        pff scholars
                    





                        familial pulmonary fibrosis research award
                    





                        prolific
                    







                        community engagement
                    






                        care center network
                    





                        nurse and allied health network
                    





                        host an event
                    





                        book a pff ambassador
                    





                        request sponsorship support
                    












                get involved
            








                        ways to give
                    






                        honor a loved one
                    





                        donate stocks and bonds
                    





                        support pff at work
                    





                        planned giving
                    





                        stories from the heart
                    





                        donor advised fund
                    





                        donation faqs
                    





                        sponsorship opportunities
                    







                        events
                    






                        attend an event
                    





                        fundraise with team pff
                    





                        fundraising on facebook
                    





                        about the pff walk
                    





                        pff summit 2025
                    





                        broadway belts for pff!
                    





                        ild day
                    





                        pff education symposium
                    







                        volunteer
                    






                        join the pff community registry
                    





                        lead a support group
                    





                        become an advocate
                    





                        share your story
                    





                        become a pff ambassador
                    





                        pf awareness month
                    





                        join a board committee
                    





                        shop pff
                    







                        pff walk
                    






                        about the walk
                    





                        bay area
                    





                        chicago
                    





                        dallas
                    





                        national walk day
                    





                        nyc metro
                    





                        pittsburgh
                    





                        washington, d.c.
                    







                        join the pff registry
                    






                        getting started
                    





                        submit a research proposal
                    





                        history of the pff registry
                    





                        registry report
                    





                        meet the team
                    





                        sponsors
                    





                        faq
                    












                about us
            








                        who we are
                    






                        leadership
                    





                        mission & history
                    





                        medical advisory committees
                    





                        financials
                    







                        what we do
                    






                        patient support programs
                    





                        policy & advocacy
                    





                        pff funded research
                    





                        education
                    







                        news and media
                    






                        news
                    





                        pff in the media
                    





                        breathe bulletin
                    





                        media resources
                    







                        careers
                    





                        contact us
                    














the next tab will be the search box toggle. hit enter to open the search, focus will automatically shift to the search bar. type a letter into the search input and suggested results will appear.



  
search





















 







                                welcome to the pulmonary fibrosis foundation
                            

                                we are here to help you understand your diagnosis and to connect you with our programming and resources. get started by reading an overview of pulmonary fibrosis. 
                            
what is pulmonary fibrosis?








                                learn about potential new treatments
                            

                                introducing the clinical trial innovation webinar series! join us for two free webinars to learn about studies that are recruiting, and for the latest data on new treatments. 
                            
register for the webinars








                                broadway belts for pff! returns for one night only!
                            

                                be a part of the magic! broadway belts for pff! returns to sony hall in nyc on march 10! tickets are now available and they are selling fast. don't miss your chance to experience this exceptional event.
                            
learn more







you’ve reached the right placeour
 mission is to accelerate the development of new treatments and
                    ultimately a cure for pulmonary fibrosis (pf). until this goal is
                    achieved, the pulmonary fibrosis foundation (pff) is committed to
                    advancing improved care of patients with pf and providing unequaled
                    support and education resources for patients, caregivers, family
                    members, and health care providers.the
 pff is the largest nonprofit organization dedicated to funding research
                    and advocating for important issues for the pf community. we’re here
                    for you. keep scrolling or use the navigation at the top of our website
                    to learn more about pulmonary fibrosis and to find resources to support
                    and empower you on this journey. are you newly diagnosed with pf? start here →




what are the most common symptoms of pulmonary fibrosis? 
























shortness of breathshortness
 of breath initially occurs with exercise, but as the disease
                progresses, patients may become breathless while taking part in everyday
                activities, such as showering, getting dressed, speaking on the phone,
                or even eating.




persistent coughlow oxygen levels and other causes can trigger cough in some people. people with pulmonary fibrosis can cough up to 200 times per day. 




fatiguefatigue
 is one of the most burdensome symptoms in interstitial lung disease and
 can have a major impact on quality of life, social interactions, and 
work capacity.







what does pulmonary fibrosis mean? the
 word “pulmonary” means lung and the word “fibrosis” means scar tissue— 
similar to scars that form on the skin from an old injury or surgery. 
pulmonary fibrosis is a process that causes lung scarring, in which 
fibrotic tissue blocks the movement of oxygen from inside the tiny air 
sacs in the lungs into the bloodstream. pulmonary 
fibrosis isn’t just one disease. it is a family of more than 200 
different lung diseases that all look very much alike. the pf family of 
lung diseases is part of an even larger group of diseases called interstitial lung diseases
 (also known as ild), which includes all of the diseases that have 
inflammation and/or lung scarring. when the cause of pf is unknown, it’s
 called idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (ipf). ipf is the most common type of pulmonary fibrosis. 





our programswe
 are proud to offer all of our programs and services free of charge. no
    memberships required! keep scrolling to learn about how we can help you.










                            the pff help center
                        


a diagnosis of pulmonary fibrosis can leave some people feeling lost and confused. but we’re here to help. our staff at the pff help center are available to talk with you via phone or email to help guide you through this journey. we can: help you understand your diagnosis answer any general questions you havehelp you find a doctorconnect you with support groupstell you about research studies or volunteer opportunitiesprovide you with free educational booklets, either as downloadables or mailed to your homecall our toll free number at 844.talkpff or email us at help@pulmonaryfibrosis.org. the call center is open from 9:00 a.m. through 5:00 p.m. monday through friday. 





            email us
        



            call us
        


























                            find a doctor
                        


when living with pulmonary fibrosis, it’s important to find a doctor who
 is an expert in treating the disease. for more than 10 years, the 
foundation has been proud to partner with 81 hospitals and clinics 
nationwide through the pff care center network
 program. pff care centers provide patients with trusted, professional 
pf and ild care. use our interactive google map tool to find a doctor 
near you!





            find a doctor near me
        
















                            join a support group
                        


no one needs to go through this journey alone. a support group
 is a valuable resource that can improve your emotional well-being and 
have a positive impact on your health. the pff can connect you with one 
of more than 150 support groups nationwide. groups are offered both in-person and virtually. further, the 
pff hosts three monthly support groups on zoom that everyone is invited 
to attend.





            find an in-person or virtual support group
        


























                            get involved with research
                        


at the pff, we are dedicated to finding better treatments and a cure for pulmonary fibrosis. patient participation in research is crucial in aiding researchers to discover new treatments. our most notable research program is the pff community registry. this program is a series of surveys for all community members affected by pf or interstitial lung disease. your survey responses will be used for scientific analysis in attempts to better understand how the disease progresses, responds to treatments, and how it affects individuals. everyone who has been affected by pf is encouraged to enroll.  the pff also encourages participation in clinical trials. through the pff’s clinical trial finder, you can fill out a short questionnaire about your condition to automatically identify trials that are a preliminary match for you. many studies are actively recruiting volunteers.  further, the pulmonary fibrosis foundation accepts applications on an annual basis from researchers who are studying pulmonary fibrosis. upon selection, up to five researchers are awarded the pff scholars grant, a $100,000 award to study the intricacies of the disease. 





            learn about the pff community registry
        



            find a clinial trial
        

















                            more resources
                        


below
 are just some of the many programs and services we can provide to you. 
use the navigation at the top of our website to begin browsing our 
pages, or visit our educational library. if you are newly diagnosed with pf, start here. find information, tips, and advice from caregivers about the role of a caregiverlearn about supplemental oxygenparticipate in pulmonary rehabilitationread about how you can maintain your healthwatch in-depth webinarsif you have questions or want to learn more about how we can help you, please contact us at 844.talkpff or send us an email. 
















get involved: take action against pulmonary fibrosis with us!are you ready to join the fight for the more than 250,000 americans who are living with pf? become a volunteer! 
























start a fundraiserwhether
 you want to host a happy hour or make a birthday fundraiser on 
facebook, we can help you successfully raise funds for a cure. learn 
about our fundraising program, team pff.  




join the pff walkthank you for your support of the pff walk! sign up for our interest 
list to be the first to learn about the pff walk dates and locations in 
2025. 




make a donationyour donation supports research, programming, and services to help people with pf and ild live longer, healthier lives. 






learn more about team pff




join the interest list




donate








be part ofsomething specialfind an event and connect with others in the pf community.  + view all events











feb162025



                                one breath foundation & support group meeting | in-person
                            

                                    join the one breath foundation & support group for their in-person meeting on sunday, february 16, at 12:00 pm pacific time.

please contact terri pilawa at terri@onebreathfoundation.org for virtual meeting information.
                                


   
                                        bellflower, ca, 90670
                                    
   12:00 pm - 2:00 pm pst


                                view full details
                            








feb182025



                                greater hartford pf support group meeting | hybrid
                            

                                    join the greater hartford pulmonary fibrosis support group for their november meeting on tuesday, february 18 at 1:00 pm eastern time. the meeting will take place both in-person and virtually.   
                                


   
                                        west hartford, ct
                                    
   1:00 pm - 2:00 pm est


                                view full details
                            








feb192025



                                pff clinical trial innovation (cti) webinar series february 2025
                            

   12:00 pm - 1:00 pm cst


                                view full details
                            











the latest news for the pf communityexplore press releases and articles of interest to pf patients, caregivers and medical professionals.read more news    →







january 15, 2025

                                broadway stars shine spotlight on pulmonary fibrosis in star-studded benefit performance
                            

                                read full article broadway stars shine spotlight on pulmonary fibrosis in star-studded benefit performance







november 13, 2024

                                pff launches education program for newly diagnosed patients
                            

                                read full article pff launches education program for newly diagnosed patients







november 06, 2024

                                pulmonary fibrosis foundation announces wayne pan as board chair
                            

                                read full article pulmonary fibrosis foundation announces wayne pan as board chair











 





sign up for our emailssign up now for our emails



connect with us
facebook



twitter



linkedin


youtube


instagram











230 east ohio street, suite 500 chicago, illinois 60611phone: 844.talkpff | 844.825.5733help@pulmonaryfibrosis.org
contact us




           


 the pulmonary fibrosis foundation rates among top charities in the 
u.s. the pff has a four-star rating from charity navigator and is an 
accredited charity by the better business bureau (bbb) wise giving 
alliance. the foundation has met all of the requirements of the national
 health council standards of excellence certification program®, and has 
earned the guidestar candid platinum seal of transparency.registered 501(c)(3). ein: 84-1558631 




   © 2025 pulmonary fibrosis foundation 


privacy policy terms of use
 translate
    

     



   
