


home - st. louis area dressage society



























skip to main content
































add me to your mailing list











member login
my shopping cart


 


shopping cart
cancel

















join/renew




homeabout slads mission & vision slads board members slads committees membership meetings by-law/standing rules  slads contactsjoin/renew member signupget involved become a member join a committee join the slads board volunteering advertise become a sponsor donations vendorshows/clinics/education recognized schooling clinics education awards forumscalendar events calendarresources resources board meeting minutes hoofprint newsletters documents boarding & training barns classified adscontact  contact us








we are a usdf member organization whose purpose is to foster an interest in, and greater understanding of, dressage in the greater st. louis area.

we aim to offer and encourage opportunities where horse lovers and dressage enthusiasts can learn, share and experience the beautiful art of dressage together!download an event suggestion form educational event formsubmit content for our newsletter!monthly horse comic:horse mom cartoonist jodi fesi shares her love of horses and horse people.general hoofprints submissionrider spotlight submissionhorse spotlight submission










                  
 







your slads board members and committee members are hard at work planning the 2025 recognized show slads august classic and several educational events for the year. if you'd like to join a committee, we'd love to have your help. if you have suggestions for things you'd like to see in 2025, please email us at communications@slads.org

 
 

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

our new website has a members only forums page!

please note that because this is a new website, it is also a completely new membership portal and none of the old information was transferred to the new portal. if you were previously a member with a login on the old website, you will need to choose “join” rather than “renew” for this one time only.














    upcoming events



slads august class i & ii
aug. 2-3, 2025 at the nec





become a member



we'd love to have you join our community of dressage enthusiasts and horse lovers that participate in many of our club activities such as educational events, recognized dressage shows, volunteering and our members only forum











how can we help?

  new to the area and needing information on local dressage businesses? you can view our resources page or contact a slads board member for help.
are you a member with questions or concerns regarding slads but unsure who to ask? we have many board members and committees who would love to hear from you!
we are an organization ran by volunteers that love to help our community, member or not! we would love to help so please don't hesitate to ask.










facebook feed
stlouisareadressagesociety/


































home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 







