






macedonia in greece - holidays and hotels












vacation
    in macedonia, is a complete guide
    to the greek macedonia prefectures and a hotel reservation system. in our pages you will
    find info for each island as well as a complete list of hotels with full description and
    rates for all budgets and tastes. in just two steps you will be at your destination. start
    your search now and enjoy your journey. press   
ctrl+d to bookmark this
    page.





macedonia




chalkidiki
thessaloniki
florina
grevena
kavala
thassos
kilkis


kozani
pella
pieria
serres
drama
kastoria
hemathia



a few
        words about macedonia:
4.000 years of greek history and civilization 
én halkidiki, in petralona cave, the remains
        were found of the first man to inhabit greece. he lived ïn fïr tens ïr thousands of
        years with stones as his main tools. life took ïn another aspect in the neolithic era. 
by then men and women were born and
        died in sun-dried brick houses roofed with branches and reeds. they founded settlements
        and cultivated the earth. én their hands clay became a means of making utensils and art. 
the small clay figurines from nea nikomidia
        (6000 bc) and the clay heads from drama (4000 bc) reveal their sensitivity and their
        attempts at self-expression. around the year 2300 bc, new groups of people appeared in
        macedonia. and the fate of the greeks
        can be discerned in their traces. little by little they learned, to use metals bronze to
        start with, later iron. iron weapons, bronze jewelry, decorative objects found in the
        funeral mounds at vergina, indicate the level of civilization that those people had
        reached. 
during the archaic period, colonies founded
        by the greeks of the south brought macedonia into closer contact with the rest of the
        greek world. pottery from corinth and athens travelled to macedonia along with
        architectural elements from ionia. in the classical era the influence of southern greece
        became even more fertile and creative. to the extent that king alexander, a forefather of
        alexander the great, took part in the olympic games, which were closed to non-greeks. the
        palace at vergina played host to philosophers, poets, painters and musicians, aristotle
        opened the way to european thought. masterpieces
        influenced by the creative works of the ionians took on a different form in the hands of
        lïcal artists. cities were built according to perfected plans. 
painters gave us inspired works ïn the walls
        of the palaces and royal tombs. craftsmen did wonders with gold. this art eventually
        spread to the far reaches of the east and was assimilated by the populations there
        together with memories of alexander. the great king lived on in hosts of myths lodged in
        the imagination of medieval man and were passed on to renaissance europe. 
christianity came to macedonia when it was
        still in its infancy, brought by st. paul himself, who travelled and taught on its soil. 
thessaloniki became the second city of the
        byzantine empire. grand and magnificent civic monuments, churches and monasteries were
        erected throughout macedonia. the early basilicas were followed by ecclesiastical
        architecture of all types. at kastoria there are dozens of churches whose interiors are
        decorated with the glowing portraits of archangels, saints and donors; in veria, the
        church of christ in famous fïr its colourful compositions; while nothing can compare with
        the jewels of the monastic state of mt. athos. 
én thessaloniki such monuments abound: there
        are fifty-seven churches and fïrty monasteries and dependencies, where the floors are
        decorated with mosaics and the vaulted ceilings with angels trumpeting to the heavens. 
everywhere you look there are examples of
        byzantine architecture and painting. én turkish - occupied macedonia, everything declined
        until the moment when the greeks were able to acquire some control over the region's
        economy in the l8th century. the art of that era relied on the inspiration of the lïcal
        craftsmen, whose superb work can be seen in the carved doors, pottery, costumes, gold and
        silver jewelry. õïu can see them in macedonia's old mansions and churches. 
the icons painted then show such fear in the
        virgin's expression, fear fïr the fate of the christ-child that she holds, the fate of
        her enslaved people. 
the conquerors swept through macedonia,
        pillaging as they went, until the day came when they were subdued by the effect of the
        civilization they encountered, which always had something new to show them.







 


 
greece hotels - greece guide - travel to macedonia 
	  agiou tryfona 15, 152 36, palaia penteli, athens, greece 



  


 
tel.: +30 210 8047244, 8104389, fax: +30-211 800 6006



 
