



peculiar works project, nyc















menu



home


current projects

about

site-specific


history
team
board of advocates and donors
contact us



teaching
donate now









peculiar
pi 'kyül yər/ 
 adj.
								1. strange or odd; unusual.
								2. distinctive in nature or character from others.
								3. obie award-winning producer
of original theatrical events
performed in non-theatrical venues.













coming up next!
what's peculiar now...



origins of broadway
thursday, january 9 @ 5:30pm!
											take a virtual ride down broadway into the history of nyc theater!


more details













our mission
peculiar works project was founded by ralph lewis, catherine porter and barry rowell to create original performances that are accessible and engaging for diverse audiences. using various artistic disciplines in unique combinations, we challenge the conventions and clichés of alternative theater. from initial concept to full production, pwp encourages collaboration, experimentation and a rebel spirit in creative artists by providing the tools and opportunities to realize their artistic goals.





current projects
what peculiar now and what's peculiar in the future



master classes
 teaching a new generation of performing artists about peculiar



donate
help us make peculiar happen: donations are always welcome and completely tax-deductible through network for good.



about
find out how we're peculiar and who's helping us stay that way



history and press
what was peculiar and what was said about it



contact
find out how to get peculiar with us



our peculiar works projects are made possible with public funds from the new york state council on the arts with the support of the office of the governor and the new york state legislature and from the new york city department of cultural affairs, in partnership with the city council, and from new york city council member christopher marte; and with private funds from the mental insight foundation, as well as our many, wonderful, individual donors.


back to top








join the adventure
give us your email address and we'll keep you up-to-date on all things peculiar


sign me up







twitter
facebook

instagram

email


© 2025 peculiar works project. all rights reserved.html template: html5 up













