



lovat arms hotel, beauly - comfortable accomodation in the heart of the scottish highlands


























home

about us

sitemap

images for slideshow selection

clan lovat

clanfraser.org

gift vouchers



special offers

activities

drives and walks

things to do

hunting and fishing

golf

walks around beauly

walks on the wildside

upcoming events at the lovat arms 



location

tariff

contact us

links





lovat arms - your home away from home...
lovat arms is located in the heart of the magnificent scottish highlands.
we invite you to experience life at the lovat arms hotel beauly, in the heart of the highlands of scotland, just twenty minutes from inverness, the capital of the highlands. the hotel situated in beautiful historic beauly, is ideally located to experience fishing, walking, bird watching, monster watching, golf, historic sight seeing... and of course - no highland visit would be complete without sampling some of the local malt whiskies. all the aforementioned and much more are right on the doorstep of the lovat arms hotel, or just a very short drive away.

after a day exploring, we'll welcome you home. the strupag brasserie awaits. all our dishes are prepared from the finest  local produce. high quality beef and lamb along with wonderful game and fish from local estates are regularly on the menu. after dinner relax in the foyer in front of the log fire and sample a malt or two from our extensive range of whiskies - and enjoy. at the lovat arms hotel, you're our guest... not just a customer. so, if you're planning a visit to the highlands of scotland, there is only one place to consider as your home away from home. the lovat arms hotel in beauly. 

please email or call us today. we can advise and help with travel, what to do when you are here, what to pack and any other questions you might have about the lovat arms hotel, the local area and the wider highland and islands of scotland. we have a wide variety of vacation packages to suit all our  guests. all rooms are en-suite with tea and coffee making facilities, television and telephone and wi-fi internet connection.











a warm welcome awaits you in beauly
our lounge & public bars are open all day  lunch served from 12pm - 1.45pm daily  high tea served 5.15pm - 6.30pm daily  dinner served 5.30pm - 8.45pm daily  afternoon teas













lovat arms hotel high street, beauly, inverness-shire, scotland iv4 7bs t: +44 (0)1463 782313 f: +44 (0)1463 782862 e: reservations@lovatarms.com





lovat arms hotel, beauly © 2025 | site design: plexus © 2009




