


pansophist's homepage



pansophist




































pet portraits
my art gallery

jon rolfe aka gyro gearloose  
raven computers
donandres designers
websophists 

wicked good mass.


lions club
mensa intl
mensa us
boston mensa
intertel
birchmire.com
the gent
nra



deb wills' disney digest
disney world 
disney.com


refdesk
google
yahoo!
dogpile
mamma
ixquick

free republic


virtual birder

the last page

winner: 













quick site guide:




the largest and fastest growing part of pansophist.com is a pansoph's walt disney world.    with well over 400 pages and photographs, this photographic guide to walt disney world offers a magical tour for all ages.



mary rolfe's art gallery is a selection of acrylic paintings on canvas and wood with a variety of pictures including landscapes, animals and expressionism.     each painting has a story with it that gives the picture more meaning. 



pet portraits is the newest page to this site and includes distinguished paintings of dogs and cats with more to come.     see how one animal lover paints pets. 




before you upgrade your computer, visit the tower case of terror, find out why it's good to think first and when it is okay to destroy your computer with a suitable application of violence.  


plus you can send free disney postcards, photographic greetings from walt disney world.     see a replica of the famous necklace featured in the movie, titanic, a real 56 carat blue topaz surrounded by cubic zirconias made by gemcutter extraordinaire, gyro gearloose.



you will also find pages with stories and links, like pansophiliosophy, a short story loaded with a peculiar and interesting variety of links from how to make a crown of hotdogs to comic relief for the pathologically philosophical, and many different things in between.     mostly humor with some reference links included. 


"consciousness is the driving and creative force of the universe and ... each moment, many possibilities of choice exist for us."  - dr. bruce fisher.   see pansophism

  




pansoph's walt disney world 
pet portraits |
art gallery 
pansophilosophy |
pansophism 
tower case of terror |
the squash that took over the lilac 
replica of titanic's le coeur de la mer |
my jaguar

send disney postcards



all original works on this site are © copyright mary rolfe/pansophist at
http://www.pansophist.com/.  
all rights reserved.




















since may day 1996



