


davidwoolsey.com















welcome to davidwoolsey.com


hi, i'm david and my web site is back on line! it is here that you can find a
little about me and what i've been up to. there may also even be some useful
content depending on what your interests are.






recent additions



		news and recent additions to this site:
        
		
december, 2016
so, i haven't updated this site in a while.  however, i've just
            started a weblog called apprentice to the obvious.  it'll be mostly about
            science, technology, and engineering, but there will be a few
            uncontrolled excursions into other things as well.
january, 2009
i have done a bit of updating to the laboraory for science pages. added
			product technical literature and some photos of the existing lfs
			physical assets. this is part of a project to get the assets into
			the hands of someone who can preserve the technology.
january, 2007
well, i haven't been maintaining this site in a while. it really
			needs some of my attention. the wife and i got tired of the midwest
			and moved back to california in june of '06.









physics



		firstly, i am, and it seems have always been, a student of physics. i have been in-and-out 
		of various institutions of higher learning for about two decades now. i 
		am principally interested in relativity and gravitation but i have a 
		strong background of working with coherent light (lasers) and optics. 
		also, there are so many other interesting 'physics things' out in the 
		world that it would be difficult for me to be too single minded.
		







ideas



		a place for a few of my more random ideas. perhaps crazy, different, 
		and/or interesting. i only ask that you have patience with the cranky 
		tone of some of the pieces as they were probably written as responses to 
		"motivation via irritation".
		







work



		on the subject of work: for 14 years i worked at the laboratory for
		science. the 'lab' was a company that manufactured frequency
		stabilized hene lasers and it may be that i know probably more
		than i care to know about them. for many years of my stint at the lab i
		was the sole employee which resulted in my being involved with nearly
		every aspect of the manufacture of the laser systems we sold. i am
		currently in the process of constructing some pages about the laboratory for science, its products, my
		time spent there, and what to do about its legacy.
		

		i've also worked in the motion picture business at tippett studio. i did a number of
		things there including electronics and mechanical work on motion-input
		devices, match-move, cg modeling, and 3-d scene and model capture using
		laser scanning systems (the design and construction of which i had a
		strong hand in). the movies in who's credits i appear include starship troopers
		(match-move) and virus (cg
		modeler). movies in who's credits i do not appear include evolution - which is
		ok with me since it's such a lame movie.
		

		in 2004 i wrapped up working with the holzapfel group for experimental cosmology at the ucb
		physics department and moved to the midwest. if you are interested in
		learning about some of the work i do for the holzapfel group you should
		visit my cfpa pages.
		

		while i was in the midwest i worked for a short while with dr. george
		miley's fusion studies group at uiuc on his x-ray laser project. when i
		returned to the bay area i worked for a while in the mems r&d
		industry building a dod/mda funded micro-adaptive optics array.
		







newton



		one of the really neat-o toys i have lately come across is a web server for my 
		newton mp2100. the server software is called  newton personal 
		data sharing and is made available as freeware from lightyear design. they also 
		run a newton tracker page so that 
		newtons running their server can be found as they move from one ip address to 
		another.
		

		there is a small (no, really, a very
		small) chance that my newton is online via packet radio but if the packet radio
		link is dead you may be able to find me via the tracker.
		







ham radio



		recently i have picked up the hobby of ham radio. my call 
		sign is kf6wxn. i became involved in this as a 
		result of a recent motorcycle tour of the usa because i thought i might need an 
		emergency contact method. if you are interested in ham radio you may be 
		interested in the support pages 
		for this summer's trip (they are all i have up for ham radio at the present).
		







mapping



		i'm beginning to develop some more mapping 
		resources with the thought that they should be useful for both traveling 
		and general reference. so far i have a number of interfaces to various web based 
		resources including (i think) the only imagemap based interface to the usgs 7.5' dem ftp archive. 
		[note: the dem data this interface pointed to has been moved away]
		







photos



		here is a collection of electronic photos from various tours and trips i have taken.

		
ellis-olson mortuary in 
			albany, ca. this tour was arranged as one of the initial steps of 
			investigating the possibility of it for use as a social club.
mcclellan afb photos 
			including a tour of the 
			insides of a lockheed constellation early warning aircraft. the tour 
			is still in a rough state.
photos from my 1999 road trip around the usa -- either raw or corrected.









motorcycles



        i am also interested in motorcycles and, lately, motorcycle touring. i
        own a honda nt650 and a couple of yamaha
        sr500s all of which are inappropriate for touring but have done
        a bit of it anyway. my most recent motorcycle adventure was my own
        "roadtrip '99"
        which was a 45 day ride around the usa. it was great fun. for your
        enjoyment i have:

		
trip equipment 
			lists and reviews (could be useful)
a sort of travelogue 
			with a few of my thoughts
a couple hundred photos of the trip (mostly 
			of cold war artifacts)
some support 
			pages of possible usefulness to others on similar road trips.



		i hope to shortly have a bit of technical information i learned (the hard way) 
		about the peculiarities of sr500 electronic ignitions posted, 
		among other things.
		






music



		i should mention my musical interests here as well. a brief 
		look at my music shelves would indicate an interest in, but by no means confined 
		to, the following:
		

death rock / goth (death rock elevator
			music):
sisters of mercy, fields of the nephilim, red lorry yellow
			lorry, death in june, current 93, joy division, felt, the cure,
			siouxsie, dead can dance, cocteau twins...
industrial:
front line assembly, laibach, test dept., coil...
1980's alternative:
new order, section 25, chameleons, kate bush, simple minds, abc,
			altered images...
electronic (aka new age?):
jean michael jarre, tangerine dream, mike oldfield, vangellis,
			philip glass, wim mertens...








appearance



        oh yeah, i probably should mention that i used to wear a lot of black.
        in fact during the '80's i wore pretty much nothing but antique
        victorian clothing. i looked a bit like a hollywood vampire back then
        but have (c.1994) given up that look for a number of reasons -- anything
        from too diffcult to maintain to not enough abrasion resistance in a
        crash. you are probably conceiving of a pretty good caricature of how i
        looked by now...
        








gaming



        in the past (from about 1978) i was a bit of a gaming geek and played an
        assortment of simulationist games. in the early 1990's i helped develop
        some rule enhancements and modifications for use with "hero
        system" games. if you're interested in simulationist gaming and
        use the hero rules (an odd combination, i know) you may
        find a few interesting documents in the asmrb
        gaming pages. damn, it has been a few years since i've played any of
        these games. i guess that would be what happens in middle age.
        






contact




		i can be found, via email, at: david "at" the domain of this
		page.
		

		[note: this email address is swamped with spam. if you have difficulty
		contacting me using it just try again using a subject line that is not
		spam-like. it is my intention that this email address be valid as long
		as i own the davidwoolsey.com domain.]
		







		i have other interests as well and will eventually get 'round to writing about 
		them here.







this site is best viewed with a reasonably modern browser since some of the
pages contain a small amount of javascript — which would function best if your
browser is set to load images automatically.  also, this site will appear better
if your system has the "" font installed (this font used to be publicly
available through the bmug archive and other
such legitimate sources so it should be fair to make it available here in mac or pc format).





page first created tuesday, december 21, 1999

page last modified thursday, december 22, 2016 11:43 pm





