


geoscience australia


















































 





























skip to content








 



search

✕











about




scientific topics




education




data




news & events



















 earth sciences for australia’s future 


 explore strategy 2028
 browse our science strategy










 earthquake monitoring at geoscience australia view recent earthquakes 





 latest news and events 


more news and events










 









 








 international day of women and girls in science 




  11 february 2025 

today on international day of women and girls in science, geoscience australia is celebrating the diverse range of talent found right here in our backyard.


 international day of women and girls in science  learn more












 geoscience australia's principal advisor maritime mark alcock named in 2025 australia day honours list 




  28 january 2025 

geoscience australia principal advisor maritime mark alcock has been awarded a public service medal (psm) for his service to the community through international leadership in maritime affairs.


 geoscience australia's principal advisor maritime mark alcock named in 2025 australia day honours list  learn more












 new chief executive for geoscience australia 




  24 january 2025 

geoscience australia welcomes the news today, from minister for resources and northern australia, the hon madeleine king mp, announcing ms melissa harris as the new chief executive officer of the organisation.


 new chief executive for geoscience australia  learn more












 new clean energy resource discovered under our feet 




  17 january 2025 

a new report from geoscience australia, in collaboration with the geological survey of new south wales, has found elevated levels of natural hydrogen and helium in locations throughout new south wales.


 new clean energy resource discovered under our feet  learn more












 new science sheds light on australia’s potential risk for earthquakes 




  17 december 2024 

geoscience australia has released the first update to the national seismic hazard assessment since 2018, identifying darwin and the eastern highlands through into latrobe valley as areas where there is a higher risk of strong ground shaking.


 new science sheds light on australia’s potential risk for earthquakes  learn more













 default 




 default  learn more















 quick links 


  
search data & publications
  
recent earthquakes
  
online tools
  
national location information
  
community safety
  
our people and careers
  
organisational structure
  
graduate program
  
visit our education centre
  
contact us














program
 positioning australia 


 our position on the globe is essential to everyday life. positioning allows us to locate ourselves in the world and get to where we want to go. satellite positioning technologies have enabled the precise navigation and positioning we rely on at the touch of a button, from smartphones to autonomous vehicles.geoscience australia is bringing the benefits of space-based technology down to earth, through our precise positioning capability. our vision is to help australia prosper by fostering a world-leading positioning capability accessible to all australians.
learn more about positioning australia



















 
 















program
 digital earth australia 


 digital earth australia is a program of geoscience australia, an agency of the australian government. we create free and open satellite data products for the benefit of australia.it’s our mission to embed satellite imagery and data into decisions that support a sustainable australian environment, a resilient society and a strong economy.go to digital earth australiaa program of geoscience australiaunlocking archives of satellite imageryestablished in 2018
learn more about digital earth australia



















 
 















initiative
 resourcing australia’s prosperity 


 australia has a rich history in the exploration and development of resources. geoscience australia will comprehensively map australia’s natural resources, accelerating the discovery of critical minerals and other resources necessary for the net zero transition. precompetitive geoscience is vital to support australia’s transition to a low carbon future, empower first nations peoples and local communities, and enable responsible management of all resources.a national 35-year, $3.4 billion initiative, led by geoscience australia (2024-59)mapping australia’s resources for a sustainable futurecommenced on 1 july 2024
learn more about resourcing australia’s prosperity



















 
 







 join our community 
 

 news and events 

find out the latest news, public talks and events and what’s happening in your community.


 news and events




 get in touch 

have a question about geoscience australia or need help with using our data? email us at clientservices@ga.gov.au orcall 1800 800 173.


 get in touch




 stay informed 

subscribe to some of geoscience australia's program newsletters to receive regular updates on, new data releases, publications, latest industry research and events.


 stay informed


 

 


 site footer 



related websites




 digital earth australia


 resourcing australia’s prosperity


 community safety



 
 

 useful tools 
 


 search data & publications


 recent earthquakes


 data discovery portal





connect with us









 




 acknowledgement of country 
geoscience australia acknowledges the traditional owners and custodians of country throughout australia and acknowledges their continuing connection to land, waters and community. we pay our respects to the people, the cultures and the elders past and present. 




 
contact us

 
copyright

 
privacy

 
accessibility

 
information publication scheme

 
freedom of information act



 












