




biggs wildlife pond





welcome to the biggs' wildlife ponds
[looking for  southwest odonata or  california odonata ? click on name]
learn about our wildlife pond in sebastopol, ca and our off-the-grid pond in mccloud, ca



our first pond, sebastopol, ca, in its 8th year, april 
2004
 

 our 2nd pond, off the grid in mccloud, ca, in its 8th year, april 
2014

we've built our pond in our sebastopol, 
california backyard, in the hole that was left when we took down our above 
ground pool (the deep end was dug in).  we've used almost all native plants.  
a lot of the fun in building this pond has been finding the plants, identifying 
them, and just seeing what will survive and what won't.  we've also collected 
our own rocks. one of our biggest joys is seeing all the `critters' our pond supports, 
especially the dragonflies!
 
we encourage everyone to consider putting in a pond for wildlife. it is a 
real joy.


watch an hour long presentation that kathy gave in 2013 to the saratoga cnps club on building ponds for wildlife  
on youtube: youtube presentation

2012 news flash: we had a gorgeous mantled black bear come swim/bathe in our mt. shasta pond.
we put a one minute video up of his visit on youtube: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kz4rs6dtrfc&feature=youtu.be

pond programs: i give programs on building ponds for wildlife and also on dragonflies. 

click here to go to a page 
that lists them:  pond & 
dragonfly progrms contact kathy biggs for 
more information on any of these programs.




read my articles:
 pleasures of wildlife ponding. 
list of steps to build a 
pond for wildlife
list of (mostly) north american native plants for use in ponds 
please check out our
 list & photos of our pond's wildlife visitors/residents!
one of our greatest pleasures is watching & documenting them! 
we no longer advocate the use of mosquito fish, 
gambusia affinis  for mosquito control unless you live in the midwest or 
southeast u.s. where these fish are native. we've had negative experiences with 
their preying on our native western pacific/chorus frog eggs and pollywogs and the 
dragonfly/damselfly eggs and nymph. if you live in the west, please consider 
using mosquito dunks, or a native fish such as killifish or sticklebacks that our tree/chorus frogs, dragonflies, etc. 
have evolved with. i don't know anything about this site, but i did find it as a link i could point folks to. 
most garden centers should sell this donut-shaped bacillus (bti) 'dunk', please look for them. they kill only members of the 
diptera family, such as mosquitoes and black flies. they don't harm dragonflies, butterflies, cats, dogs, horses or people, etc.

here is a link to an article i wrote on 'wildlife-friendly pond cleaning' 
for the internet ponder [on line pond magazine]  in march of '97 


 build a pond for wildlife  ebook
this ebook explains the philosophy and techniques for creating a pond that will be attractive to wildlife, 
and how this differs from building a pond for exotic koi or tropical lilies.
click here for more information (amazon.com)
 
by kathy biggs 
 updated ! spring 2013

get your free kindle app here (can be used on iphone, windows pc, mac, blackberry, ipad, android, windows phone 7, etc.) .
use your back button to return to this website.

 
 build a pond for wildlife  cd
click here for more information
 
by kathy biggs 



 -
updated - spring 2013 -
 dragonflies of california and the greater southwest 
a beginner's guide 
 use on your kindle, nook, smartphone or computer - weightless!
 
by kathy biggs - price $5.88
buy  through amazon.com (kindle app)
or  
barnes and noble (nook app)


 our sebastopol, california pond's development and growth, from most current in time backwards to its formation:
 2016 - our sebastopol bigsnest pond's 21st year
 2015 - our sebastopol bigsnest pond's 20th year
 2014 - our sebastopol bigsnest pond's 19th year
 2013 - our sebastopol bigsnest pond's 18th year
 2012 - our sebastopol bigsnest pond's 17th year
 2011 - catastrophe on xmas eve!!
 2011 - our sebastopol bigsnest pond's 16th year
 2010 - our sebastopol bigsnest pond's 15th year
 2009 - our sebastopol bigsnest pond's 14th year
 2008 - our sebastopol bigsnest pond's 13th year
 2007 - our sebastopol bigsnest pond's 12th year
 2006 - our sebastopol bigsnest pond's 11th year
 2005 - our sebastopol bigsnest pond's 10th year
 2004 - our sebastopol bigsnest pond's 9th year
 2003  - our sebastopol bigsnest pond's 8th year 
the pond becomes 'famous' - june 2003  with photos and a mention in 
national audubon magazine!
 a liquid noah's ark  - by tim matson
spring 2002 - our sebastopol bigsnest pond's 7th year
 2002 started out with snow!
 2001 - our sebastopol bigsnest pond's 6th year
our new guest greeter: the front walkway wash tub pond!
the wildlife pond entered the new century: 
year 2000 [aka y2k] - our sebastopol bigsnest pond's 5th year 
  1999 - our sebastopol bigsnest pond's 4th year
 1998 - 3rd year maturation. 
1997 - 2nd year maturation
 view our pond's development during its 1st year - 1996

  our mccloud, california pond on the southeast side of mt. shasta
 we just couldn't live without a pond, even at our summer/retirement home!
this pond is totally off the grid....and we only are at this home part-time.
our shasta pond's wildlife visitors: list & photo links

 
 2016 - our shasta pond, year 10
 2015 - our shasta pond, year 9
 2014 - our shasta pond, year 8
  2013 - our shasta pond, year 7
  2012 - our shasta pond, year 6
 2011 - our shasta pond, year 5
 2010 - our shasta pond, year 4
2009 - our shasta pond, year 3
2008 - our shasta pond, year 2
 2005/2006/2007  how our new mt. shasta (mccloud) pond got started!



 -
 winter 2012
learn how to attract wildlife to your home. this book includes a full chapter on ponds for wildlife, featuring the bigsnest pond.

 the california wildlife habitat garden: how to attract bees, butterflies, birds, and other animals [paperback]
nancy bauer (author) 

click on this link for more information &/or to buy: 
california wildlife habitat garden
 read
nancy's wildlife gardening blog


this site is 100% privately maintained. 

if you've found it helpful, 
a donation to help keep it on the web would be appreciated, 
thanks! k. biggs












 use this link to share this site on facebook


share
 links to other wildlife ponds 



 we built our pond, and they came! ...the dragonflies that is!
i couldn't identify them as there were no guides for ca.
 the long and short of the story is - i ended up writing one - well, 3 now!! 
now i go all over the west looking at dragonflies and giving dragonfly and 
wildlife pond presentations. 
building a pond really changed our lives.
below are links to the ca & sw dragonflies websites i've built & also links 
that go to my books, including our new coloring book and some other books that we now sell:
this will take you to our 
california dragonflies site with links to pictures for identifying all of california's 
damselflies and dragonflies and
this link will take you to our
southwest dragonflies site with links to pictures for identifying all the 
damselflies and dragonflies that are known to occur in california, nevada, utah, 
colorado, arizona and new mexico.





 a coloring book that teaches about dragonflies and damselflies 
  dragonflies of north america, a color and learn book with activities
 2007
click here for more information
  
or  
both by kathy biggs and tim manolis 
azalea creek publishing


new - 2024
 our revised, updated and expanded dragonfly guide for california: 
  
 dragonflies (anisoptera) of california   2024 (replaces out of print pocket guide series)
 
 useful in nv, or & wa  too! 
by kathy biggs & sandra von arb
bear foundation


dragonflies of the greater southwest

by kathy biggs 
june 2015 
includes all the species found in california





sorry out of print
 our revised, updated and expanded dragonfly guide for california: 
  
common dragonflies of california   a beginner's pocket 
guide, 2009 (replaces out of print 1st & 2nd printings of this title from 2000)
 
 useful in or and wa too! 
by kathy biggs
azalea creek publishing


sorry - out of print
 a guide for identifying the dragonflies & damselflies of the greater southwest

  common dragonflies of the southwest
a beginner's pocket guide
2004
click here for more information
 
 by kathy biggs
azalea creek publishing



click here to read the article  an interview 
with kathy biggs, on dragonflies, dragonfly ponds and how she became an 
author


if you have a pond, would like to make one, are interested in california
native plants or wildlife, or just would like to contact us, please do so bigsnest at sonic.net

 click here to go to a page of links to 
other wildlife ponds

if you have comments or could make contributions of stories, photos 
or ideas please click here to email 
me.

in 1998 this pond site received a "links2go key resource award" in the ponds topic!
we proudly display the award, which is presented to "fewer than one page in 
one thousand....based on how actual page authors ..... index and organize links on their pages."














this site is totally privately funded. if you've found it useful, a small donation will help keep it on the web!
thanks, kathy biggs


this site was visited 86,336 times between when the counter was put on 
it at its first web-host site (august 29, 1998) and when it was

 moved to powweb on march 25, 2002. since it's move, this site is averaging 150 unique
visitors per week by folks interested in ponds.


we thank you for your interest - kathy biggs email kathy



hosted by 

this site was moved to powweb because of their very attractive web packages. 
they have a nice referral plan. 
click on the powweb image above to move your site there! thanks!!




