


book bands, djs, & more for weddings, corporate & private events































































  


















































music

all music
bands
djs
ensemble acts


comedy
specialty entertainment
performing arts
celebrity/national
event types

weddings
corporate events
college & universities
private events


about
locations
 


select an artist


contact us





















making moments you’ll never forget
with entertainment worthy of an encore
for more than 40 years, we have earned the reputation as the go-to experts in producing exceptional celebrations.  













 contact us






the ece experience




at ece, we aim to surpass your expectations and deliver unforgettable entertainment for you and your guests. since 1976, we have been curating top-tier talent from coast to coast and have successfully booked 100,000+ events. our team of elite entertainment consultants will work with you to bring your dream event to life by handpicking the perfect talent to match your unique vision. whether you’re hosting a small gathering or a large-scale celebration, we are committed to making sure your event is nothing short of extraordinary. trust us to provide exceptional entertainment that will leave a lasting impression.







anna ray photography 



looking for unforgettable entertainment
choose from a variety of entertainment options




bands


djs


ensemble acts


comedians


specialty entertainment


performing arts


celebrity talent










when you bring people together, there’s always a reason to celebrate. 
define your event and let us do the rest. 




























                            corporate                        





from annual galas and executive retreats to employee celebrations and national conferences, ece has a variety of live music, comedy and specialty acts for memorable and fun events.
learn more






                            weddings                        





no matter the size of your special day, find the perfect wedding entertainment for the first day of forever with a range of talent to help spread the love to you and your guests.
learn more






                            college                        





whether it’s greek life or student affairs, discover live bands and djs to keep the party going.
learn more






                            private                        





expand your event no matter what you're celebrating with live entertainment available for birthdays to anniversaries and beyond.
learn more










what makes ece best-in-class?


a lot. we know how important this decision is to the success of your event. we are the largest full-service entertainment company in the u.s. and strive to continue that legacy. 



47 years industry experience01
exclusive artist roster02
expansive offerings03
unparalleled passion04
trusted process05














our process







01
02
03
04
05
06




						tell us your event type, location, and preferred talent.						

						search for artists by event location.						

						get connected with an entertainment consultant after submitting your request.						

						discuss your event details on a brief call with your entertainment consultant.						

						receive a personalized artist list based on your preferences, budget, and availability.						

						confirm your choice, sign the contract, and get ready to turn your event up a notch.						

contact us to start the show








ece instagram






live music sets the tone for your wedding, and at 
 





jumping on stage with your best friends? instant c


 





make your wedding unforgettable with ece 💍✨ f
 





what happens when one of the nation’s top radio 
 





meet ally darwin, one of ece’s newest team membe






we kicked off 2025 in style with an unforgettable 
 





this is the energy your event deserves! 🎤✨ @s
 





what a night to remember! 🎶 @bouncepartyband br


 





🎸✨ nothing beats the energy of live music! @p
 





introducing ece’s newest stars of new orleans’
 


 















// entertainment worthy of an encore
					
                
eastcoast entertainment is the largest, full-service entertainment agency in the country, arranging unforgettable entertainment and producing custom events from coast-to-coast and around the world. from weddings and social galas to college concerts and business entertainment, we make your event a once-in-a-lifetime experience!

get a quote





ece national
ece touring




careers
privacy policy
our services
terms
locations




info@bookece.com
855-323-4386













© 2024 eastcoast entertainment, inc.
















