







rachel howard


















































write me: rachel.howard@gmail.com





 





select menu item

writer

the risk of us
the lost night
short fiction and nonfiction
craft essays


teacher

what i teach
how i teach
online writing classes
grass valley classes
books i love
private coaching


editor

how i edit
client/student achievements


critic

dance reviews
favorite dance reviews
profiles


about
contact
 





 








writer
 
							read more
fiction, memoir, and personal essays. 
							 


dance critic 
							read more
reviews and interviews for the san francisco chronicle and fjord review.
 
							 


teacher and editor 
							read more
online writing classes, developmental editing, and private mentoring. 
							 







blog updates 

perspectives and peace


 december 31, 2023
rachel



as a year of great violence and mass suffering comes to a close, i recommend taking the time to slow down and read this honest, personal, and humble commentary by mary gaitskill. https://marygaitskill.substack.com/p/stunned-by-what-i-see i too have been uninformed for so long–and have been trying to steadily remedy this by reading history as told from various 


 0 comments



 
 
 


a new season begins

 january 12, 2023
 0 comments



san francisco ballet is about to begin its 90th season, the company’s first under new artistic director tamara rojo. i spent the better part of a day watching rojo teach company class and coach dancers, and wrote about the beginning of her tenure for the san francisco chronicle here. january and february will bring meread more 
 
 
 




 


essay “shaver lake” featured on cover of the northwest review

 july 19, 2021
 0 comments



my essay “shaver lake” was excerpted on the cover of the winter 21 northwest review. unfortunately the essay remains relevant and will become more relevant in the years to come. you can read it here.read more 
 
 
 
 
authenticity comes from a single faithfulness: that to the ambiguity of experience. its energy is to be found in how one event leads to another. its mystery is not in the words but on the page." --john berger

 
i don't really know whether art can exist without a certain degree of tranquility or spiritual poise; without a certain amount of quiet you can have neither philosophy nor religion nor painting nor poetry." --saul bellow

subscribe via emailsubmit  
   
 



rachel howard © 2024



 
 































