

 


































top cosmetic surgeon in california, sf, bay area & marin county



























































skip to main content




 






















en español
san francisco bay area

 415.924.1313	









phone number















homeabout

about dr. henrylocations

davispetaluma 
0% financing
surgical

face

faceliftrhinoplastyethnic rhinoplastycheek implantschin enlargementotoplasty or ear pinningeyelid liftforehead liftjaw enlargementpermanent lip enlargement 
breast

breast augmentationbreast liftbreast reductionmale breast reduction 
body

arm liftpost weight loss surgerythigh-buttock lifttummy tuckmommy makeoverliposuctionbutt augmentation 

non-surgical

botox® cosmeticdermabrasion or facial sandingrestylane®bellafill®injectable dermal implantsfacial injectableslip injectionstrusculpt®laser skin resurfacingdefenage® skincarescar repair
medspagalleries

photo galleryvideo gallery
testimonialsblogcontact


 415.924.1313	
schedule your consultation








































                            model                        




kimberly henry, m.d. plastic surgery
renowned board-certified plastic surgeon serving the bay area


                                    request a consultation                                








                model    
            












where expertise meets compassion in aesthetics
from consultation to recovery, dr. henry is with you every step of the way. your opinions, goals, and concerns are met with honesty and compassion. dr. henry advocates for her patients, guiding their journeys with her expertise and kindness.




real results for real people
at kimberly henry m.d. plastic surgery, you are family. every patient is treated with care, empathy, and honesty, making them feel they belong here. our full-service procedures are tailored to your personal aesthetic goals and concerns—every time.
 meet dr. henry 

















“i am an advocate for my patients. the most important thing to me is they leave happy and would do it all over again.”
— dr. kimberly henry, m.d.


comprehensive cosmetic surgery
with a personal, approachable touch
 procedures overview 

models
















                      your browser does not support the video tag. i suggest you upgrade your browser.
                      
                      your browser does not support the video tag. i suggest you upgrade your browser.
                    



                    model                  



body contouring
remove excess fat and skin, tighten loose muscles, and reveal your best self.

arm lift (brachioplasty)
body contouring after weight loss
thigh-buttock lift
tummy tuck
mommy makeover
liposuction
butt augmentation












                    model                  



breast enhancement
your breasts, your way. reshape, reduce, reposition, or restore youthful curves—the choice is yours.

breast augmentation
breast lift
breast reduction
male breast reduction(gynecomastia surgery)












                    model                  



facial procedures
achieve your aesthetic goals while maintaining what makes you unique.

facelift
rhinoplasty
ethnic rhinoplasty
cheek implants
chin enlargement
otoplasty (ear pinning)
eyelid lift
forehead lift
jaw enlargement
permanent lip enlargement














                      your browser does not support the video tag. i suggest you upgrade your browser.
                      
                      your browser does not support the video tag. i suggest you upgrade your browser.
                    



                    model                  



non-surgical rejuvenation
reverse the signs of aging or simply treat yourself to luxurious non-surgical treatments.

botox® cosmetic
dermabrasion
restylane®
bellafill®
injectable dermal implants
lip injections
trusculpt®
laser skin resurfacing
defenage® skincare
scar repair
















enhance your natural beauty
dr. henry has an eye for emphasizing her patients’ natural beauty while meeting their individual goals through personalized treatment plans and an honest assessment of available options. she values aesthetic harmony and utilizing reliable methodology to create genuine, touchable beauty.







          model        











model 



featured facial procedure
rhinoplasty
modify large nostrils, nasal humps, or an asymmetric nose with rhinoplasty, an extremely personal procedure that is tailored to each individual. dr. henry takes meticulous care to restore balance and enhance your facial symmetry.
 about rhinoplasty 











models 



facial rejuvenation
facelift
reverse the signs of aging and look years younger with a facelift. by lifting, contouring, and tightening the skin and underlying tissues, your facelift can eliminate wrinkles, deep creases, and sagging skin to make you look refreshed and revitalized.
 about facelift 













model 



featured body procedure
mommy makeover
get your pre-baby body back with a combination of breast and body procedures. a customized treatment plan targeting your individual concerns, a mommy makeover is the ultimate body contouring procedure for women.
 about mommy makeover 











model 



featured body contouring
post-bariatric
after massive weight loss, many patients want to show off their new bodies, but excess skin can detract from their hard-earned results. post-bariatric body contouring surgery eliminates sagging skin to reveal a slender, toned physique.
 about post-bariatric 















we do what works
dr. henry believes the best plastic surgery results come when the patient and surgeon have an honest, productive conversation. 
at kimberly henry, m.d. plastic surgery, the patients, staff, and dr. henry have the same goal: 
beautiful, authentic, and personalized results.
 view photo gallery 







          model        













at kimberly henry, m.d. plastic surgery, dr. henry and her team are committed to establishing a long-lasting relationship with each patient. she wants her patients to feel comfortable, cared for, and empowered through their aesthetic procedures.













follow us on instagram

follow dr. kimberly henry on instagram
































follow us!















what real patients have to say about dr. kimberly henry

“dr. henry is the best plastic surgeon in the game… they make sure you are being taken care of from the very beginning to the end. i’d recommend her services to everyone that ask about any work i’ve had done.”
—
nb, google review
“dr.henry understands and is so talented in the art of beauty, she listened and was attentive to my concerns and made me feel confident in my plans.”
—
liposuction, rhinoplasty patient review 
 patient testimonials 














serving northern california, the bay area, and san francisco



greenbrae
350 bon air road, suite 1
greenbrae, ca 94904
p / 415-997-0918
get directions
location information

san francisco
450 sutter st. suite 1340
san francisco, ca 94108
p / 415-594-5237

get directions
location information



petaluma
715 southpoint blvd ste c
petaluma, ca 94954
p / 707-998-5976
get directions
location information

davis
4627 fermi place, suite 140
davis, ca 95618
p / 530-290-3212
get directions
location information



















									model
								



415.924.1313














































kimberly henry m.d. plastic surgery

sacramento and the san francisco bay area

			                        	415.924.1313			                        




			                                locations			                            



			                                contact			                            



			                                sitemap			                            



			                                privacy policy			                            



			                                hipaa agreement			                            



			                                accessibility statement			                            



			                                notice to patients open payments database			                            


© 2025 kimberly henry m.d. plastic surgery all rights reserved.
results may vary * some images may be models
site design by plastic surgery studios






get in touch!

get started send us a message


name(required)phone(required)email(required)

message
 submit









δ





























