





national weather forecasting, inc. – where experience & technology meet


























































		skip to content	



national weather forecasting, inc.

				where experience & technology meet			











 









menu

 


home
about us
contact us
client area

























 









 







national weather forecasting, inc.
where experience and technology meet 







 















 







since the 1970s, metro weather service has been providing pinpointed site-specific weather forecast to radio and tv stations, the film production industry, government and industry, and was one of the first to issue a 10-day forecast.  metro weather has become one of the acknowledged leaders in our industry in the field of forensic meteorology; attorneys and insurance claims adjusters rely on our weather experts for past weather data, interpretive reports, and court testimony. 
swct/ny weather started a forecasting hobby and turned into a hyper-local forecast and storm alert service, serving clients throughout western connecticut and southeastern new york through email, web, mobile apps, and social media.  
and now, the expertise and experience of pat pagano and his team from metro weather service, along with zach krauss and the knowlege and digital systems of swct/ny join national weather forecasting under one roof.  find out what our team of experienced meteorologists can do you! 












 









 









 












national weather forecasting is led by meteorologists russ murley and phil spevak – with a
combined 50-plus years of forecast experience! 



national weather forecasting is a private weather solutions provider – specializing in accurate, point-specific forecast needs.please reach out to discuss your needs and see how custom weather solutions can save you time, headaches and money! 












© 2025 national weather forecasting, inc.













 














client area 










twitter
 



linkedin
 



















© 2025 national weather forecasting, inc.








 



















