commonwealth financial network® | top ria–independent broker/dealer.

skip to contentcommonwealth logoyour advantageevolve your businessaccelerate your growthstreamline your operationstransition your wayadvisor solutionsaffiliation flexibilitytailored business strategiesentrepreneurial capitaladvanced planning & researchcomplete marketing supportholistic investment solutionscollaborative compliancepowerful technologyoutsourced business solutionsinsightsinsights2025 outlookthe independent market observerbreakaway resource centeradvisor storiespress and newsabout usleadershipcommonwealth advisory boardour historyadvisor-centric cultureour diversity, equity, and inclusion missionour corporate social responsibilitycommonwealth caresmember loginfor clientscareerslet's connectyour advantageadvisor solutionsinsightsabout uslet's connectmember loginfor clientscareerswelcome to the power of partnership.welcome to commonwealth.you have a vision as an independent financial advisor. realize it with a partner that puts you first and powers you forward with sophisticated solutions, specialized consulting, and intuitive tools.




what will the economic and market landscape look like in 2025 with a new administration? watch our experts tackle what’s ahead in this insightful roundtable discussion.investment platform and technology advances to drive efficiency for advisors and deliver value to clients are coming in 2025. read the press release.do you see your clients’ full retirement picture? uncover hidden assets with our ultimate retirement inventory checklist. an advisor-centric approach to fuel your successwhether you're growing an existing practice, embarking on a fee-only path, or breaking free to explore independence for the first time, turn to our innovative, advisor-forward strategies to give you a competitive advantage.
discover your advantagebe the advisor you want to bebuild your business with comprehensive, integrated capabilities that accentuate your strengths and a partner who’s as invested in your success as you are.   learn more about our advisor-centric culture
break away and break throughget up and running as an independent business owner with a suite of valuable resources, from guidance for managing the economics and risks of entrepreneurship to strategies for marketing your new business.learn morego from fee-mostly to fee-onlytake control of your growth path by affiliating as your own ria or through our corporate ria, with personalized consulting, operations, and compliance tailored to help you optimize your business.learn more01tailored business strategies02advanced planning & research03complete marketing support04collaborative compliance05powerful technologyadvisor voicesmeet our advisors"my professor said, 'you would be a really good advisor because you understand the numbers, but you also understand people, and you’re always going to do what’s best.'" watch the video."it was a very straightforward decision to come to commonwealth after i learned about the firm’s emphasis and flexibility around investment management and financial planning."jodi and newlin's ability to deliver their signature high-touch service has transformed a year of unpredictability into one of growth."commonwealth has the culture and the resources to make my firm and the client experience exactly how i want.""my dad was the kind of man that would always pull over to help anyone who was stranded on the side of the road. that kind of instilled in me a wanting to help others." watch the video."before, i was working for someone else, trying to qualify for a fancy trip and health insurance. now, i want to build an enterprise. i want to build a business." watch the video."a lot of people tell their clients, 'save more money.' i'm like, 'hey, you've got plenty of money. you need to spend more of it. go on vacation. quit being so tight with it.'" watch the video."[my dad’s] financial advisor spent a good hour explaining the options, what he does, and how he can help. at the end of the conversation, i said, 'how do i do what you do?' and the rest is history." watch the video."my professor said, 'you would be a really good advisor because you understand the numbers, but you also understand people, and you’re always going to do what’s best.'" watch the video."it was a very straightforward decision to come to commonwealth after i learned about the firm’s emphasis and flexibility around investment management and financial planning."jodi and newlin's ability to deliver their signature high-touch service has transformed a year of unpredictability into one of growth."commonwealth has the culture and the resources to make my firm and the client experience exactly how i want.""my dad was the kind of man that would always pull over to help anyone who was stranded on the side of the road. that kind of instilled in me a wanting to help others." watch the video."before, i was working for someone else, trying to qualify for a fancy trip and health insurance. now, i want to build an enterprise. i want to build a business." watch the video."a lot of people tell their clients, 'save more money.' i'm like, 'hey, you've got plenty of money. you need to spend more of it. go on vacation. quit being so tight with it.'" watch the video."[my dad’s] financial advisor spent a good hour explaining the options, what he does, and how he can help. at the end of the conversation, i said, 'how do i do what you do?' and the rest is history." watch the video."my professor said, 'you would be a really good advisor because you understand the numbers, but you also understand people, and you’re always going to do what’s best.'" watch the video."it was a very straightforward decision to come to commonwealth after i learned about the firm’s emphasis and flexibility around investment management and financial planning."jodi and newlin's ability to deliver their signature high-touch service has transformed a year of unpredictability into one of growth."commonwealth has the culture and the resources to make my firm and the client experience exactly how i want."meet our advisors←→what we're thinkingthe fee-only advisornavigating the regulatory landscape for investment advisersscott wilkinson, iaccp08.07.24wealth planning & investingwhy advisors should capitalize on the convergence of wealth and retirementmathew powers, cfa®, aif®, aifa®06.05.2402.12.25running an independent financial advisory practice with confidencelearn how to thrive while running an independent financial advisory practice. get tips on compliance, operations, marketing, and achieving a balance between independence and scalable growth.01.22.25leaving the wirehouse: your guide to going independent as a financial advisorthinking about leaving the wirehouse? from choosing a business structure to charting the course ahead, our guide to going independent provides everything you need to know to achieve the future you've always envisioned. 12.18.24discussing strategies for maximizing retirement income retirement discussions with clients should not only cover saving and envisioning life after work but also the risk of outliving their savings. discover how to prepare them for a secure retirement with these tailored strategies and resources.all insightsare we a good fit?hi, i'm becca, managing principal, chief business development officer at commonwealth. i can't wait to learn more about you and share our commonwealth story.
let's connectcommonwealth logoyour advantageevolve your businessaccelerate your growthstreamline your operationstransition your wayadvisor solutionsaffiliation flexibilitytailored business strategiesentrepreneurial capitaladvanced planning & researchcomplete marketing supportholistic investment solutionscollaborative compliancepowerful technologyoutsourced business solutionsinsightsthe independent market observerbreakaway resource centeradvisor storiespress and newsabout usleadershipcommonwealth advisory boardour historyadvisor-centric culturediversity, equity, & inclusioncorporate responsibilitycommonwealth caresabout usour insightscareersmember loginfor clientspress and newscontact usaccessibility policy waltham29 sawyer road, waltham, ma 02453-3483toll-free 800.237.0081phone 781.736.0700fax 781.736.0793san diego600 west broadway, suite 3200, san diego, ca 92101-3398toll-free 877.347.1982phone 619.471.9700fax 619.471.9701linkedintwitterfacebookyoutubeinstagraminformation about securities-registered professionals may be found at finra brokercheck.form crs | disclosure | privacy policy ©2025 commonwealth financial network®, member finra/sipc, 
a registered investment adviser. all rights reserved.menu