










commsoft systems development home page






 

thank you for your interest in commsoftâ® systems
development, headquartered in santa cruz county, ca, the brainchild of jim wright. 

commsoft has been consulting throughout the united states since 1992 on
software development, licensing, project management, and open source.  commsoft president jim wright is both
a well known intellectual property attorney and a software architect,
specializing in open source, commercial it procurement (both buy and sell
side), privacy and security, software content auditing, and compliance
management.   a regular public
speaker and known personality in open source legal circles, over the past few
years he has spoken and written on numerous topics, including patents and
permissive licensing, the licensing of the linux kernel and loadable kernel
modules, the politics of open source participation, and new copyleft and other
foss license and business models.
 
jim also has extensive experience in security
policy and auditing, source code management, and application development.  commsoft is additionally closely
associated with other highly talented senior software architects and attorneys
who may subcontract or collaborate on commsoft projects when required.  
 
we are happy to assist with:
 
â·      managing open
source and other third party ip licensing practices including creation of and
training on license policies
â·      creating conformant,
auditable compliance tracking systems
â·      intellectual property disputes
â·      auditing third
party content from both licensing and security perspectives in existing software
and hardware systems
â·      procurement of
complex software and turnkey hardware/software solutions, and 
â·      solving complex
problems in software development, licensing and policy. 
 
please feel free to reach out
by email with questions about our services to jwright@commsoft.com.
 
 
commsoftâ® is a registered trademark
of james e. wright ii, esq., all rights reserved.  
 
 



