








rabbi shefa gold







































 



rabbi shefa gold


					search				


primary menu

					skip to content				
home
about

rabbi shefa gold
rachmiel o’regan
c-deep
c-deep faculty
aleph
soulift

overview
video
upcoming retreats
archives
testimonials


ecstatic meditation retreat
kol zimra

testimonials
kol zimra alumni


spiritual coaching


library

love at the center

calendar for shir hashirim
love at the center app
commandments of the song of songs
love at the center resources


torah journeys

torah as blessing
torah as spiritual challenge
journeying through torah
torah as guidance for practice
the destinations of torah journeys
calendar of torah portions


rabbi shefa’s articles

high holy days
other jewish-specific teachings
about chanting
spiritual work
pilgrimage
here’s the miracle


rabbi shefa’s songs
birkat hamazon
workshop descriptions
articles about rabbi shefa
articles about hebrew chanting
recorded teachings


chants

chants & practices

from the liturgy
from the scriptures
from the psalms
from isaiah
from shir hashirim


flavors of praise

hallelu-yah (1-20)
hallelu-yah (21-40)
hallelu-yah (41-60)
hallelu-yah (61-most recent)


flavors of gratefulness

modah ani: 1-30
modah ani: 31-60
modah ani: 61-90
modah ani: 91-120
modah ani: 121-most recent


flavors of praise & gratefulness apps
chant videos


store

books
cds
oysongs


paintings
schedule
contact us
new chants & practices
 





search for:



 







home

hebrew chant

rabbi shefa’s newest project is to have at least one chant for each psalm. she plans to use the psalm chants in a new app. to contribute for developing the app, click medicine and magic of psalms app.

rabbi shefa gold develops and leads hebrew chants based on jewish sacred texts for transformative spiritual growth. see the chants menu to explore her chant offerings. her modah ani chants are available from the flavors of gratefulnesss page (or app). you can access her hallelu-yah chants from the flavors of praise page (or app). rabbi shefa’s love at the center pages (and app) interpret song of songs (shir hashirim) in text and chant.
jewish spiritual apps
rabbi shefa has three apps (for both ios and android) available that are based on her hebrew chants. no matter your spiritual orientation, you can use these apps to enhance your spiritual journey.

 love at the center app
the flavors of gratefulness app
the flavors of praise app


the path of love as the foundation of revolutionary optimism podcast (~1 hour; recorded in july, 2023) features dr. paul zeitz (pesach-lev) interviewing rabbi shefa gold and rev. matthew wright. for a video version, see recorded teachings.
the judaism unbound podcast #362 (~1 hour; recorded in january, 2023) features rabbi shefa talking about the song of songs and hebrew chanting.
rabbi shefa talks about chanting in a 30-minute chanting podcast from november, 2017.

with her focus on hebrew chanting, rabbi shefa presents workshops based on chanting, ecstatic meditation, and jewish subjects. also, she is available for performing services as a rabbi.
rabbi shefa’s current focus is developing chants and kavanot for all 150 psalms. her soulift workshops offer week-long immersions that help us to know and live from the soul’s perspective often with a love at the center focus. for information about soulift, view the soulift overview page or rabbi shefa’s soulift video. see the about page for a more complete description of rabbi shefa’s work and what’s available on this site.
she also uses her creative talent to celebrate meaningful events and people. see the paintings page to view her artwork.
from 2004 to 2018, rabbi shefa developed and taught the kol zimra chant leaders’ training program. she has written several books and has published several chant cds. visit the online store to buy her books and cds.
chant is the bridge between the inner life and the outer expression; between the solitary practice and the shared beauty of fellowship.

rabbi shefa’s work and her c-deep organization is an affiliated project of aleph. aleph sponsors some of rabbi shefa’s events, such as the soulift retreats.
weekly kzoom sessions
during our lives, we need opportunities for spiritual enrichment. rabbi shefa offers weekly chanting sessions on thursday evenings. these zoom sessions are a time for deep practice and teaching on the themes concerning this moment of spiritual opportunity.
see the schedule page for specific dates and times (us time zones) and an opportunity to sign up for notifications about upcoming sessions. if you find these sessions valuable, consider donating to c-deep through paypal. (see the donations section in the left sidebar.)
upcoming events
see the schedule page for more information about each of these events. some listings include links to download a flyer and to register online.

the way of love: an interspiritual convergencewith rev. matthew wright
holy family passionist retreat center
west hartford, connecticut
february 13-16, 2025
 

devotional healing:opening to divine flow
episcopal house of prayer
st. joseph, minnesota (near collegeville, mn)
august 12-17, 2025
 






love at the center: immersing in shir hashirim rabbi shefa has aligned the shir hashirim verses  to the yearly torah cycle. for information about love at the center, see the love at the center page. to receive weekly messages with verses from shir hashirim, click subscribe to be added to the love at the center mailing list. each message includes a commentary, at least one question to contemplate, and a chant practice.

to learn about the love at the center app (ios and android), visit the love at the center app page.



most recent chants & practices


new moon
02/11/2025


judge the land: kumah elohim
02/11/2025


return us
02/10/2025


flavors of praise rabbi shefa has created hallelu-yah chants as a way to practice exaltation and for remembering our divine inheritance. to listen to hallelu-yah chants, visit the flavors of praise page.

to learn about the flavors of praise app (ios and android), visit the flavors of praise & gratefulness apps page.

flavors of gratefulness rabbi shefa creates opportunities to express gratitude through modah ani chants. to experience these expressions of gratitude, visit the flavors of gratefulness page.

to learn about the flavors of gratefulness app (ios and android), visit the flavors of praise & gratefulness apps page.

rabbi shefa’s paintings in addition to rabbi shefa’s chanting, she expresses herself through art. to view her art, click paintings

rabbi shefa’s books you can purchase rabbi shefa's books through the books page. popular books include her latest book, published in 2019, are we there yet? and the magic of hebrew chant, which focuses on hebrew chanting.
        
 as of may, 2024, are we there yet? is now available as an audiobook narrated by rabbi shefa. get it wherever you get your audiobooks.
rabbi shefa’s inspiration for soulift: love at the center
https://youtu.be/nth_mfhy2n8?si=xzjgsre5jzd6ied7america’s most inspiring rabbis  
rabbi shefa was selected by the jewish daily forward (forward.com) as one of the rabbis to honor in 2015.




chant circles
links
youtube channel
 

quarterly newsletter to receive a quarterly newsletter by email, please click subscribe and provide your email address. this newsletter includes an article by rabbi shefa and information about upcoming events.
donations to donate through paypal with your paypal balance or any major credit card, click  





and then type the donation amount at paypal.com.
spiritual coaching if you've had a spiritual coaching session with rabbi shefa, you can pay for it through paypal with your paypal balance or any major credit card. to pay, click 




 and then type the payment amount at paypal.com.
torah journeys the torah journeys newsletter has been discontinued. to buy the torah journeys book, visit the store page for books. to read rabbi shefa's midrash for a portion online, visit the torah portions calendar.
 





 website content ©2014-25 rabbi shefa goldtallit image ©1998 by kit hevron mahoney http://www.brushstrokesstudio.comfor website issues, contact the web maven.

 



					proudly powered by wordpress				


























