






computer science department, university of cyprus














































 




cs@ucy.ac.cy | +357-22-892700
 |  |  |  | mycs portal | 





department of computer science









select your language



 



 























home 


education 





admissions 





undergraduate 


postgraduate 







undergraduate 





course areas 


curriculum 


courses descriptions 


courses dependencies 


restricted elective courses 


selective courses 


foreign language courses 


diploma project guidelines 


minor programme in computer science 


minor programme in biomedical engineering 


courses to other departments 







postgraduate 





master in computer science 


master in advanced information technologies (professional) 


master in cognitive systems 


master in data science 


master in artificial intelligence 


postgraduate application submission system


master thesis archive 


ph.d. degree 





research areas 


requirements 







courses description 


specialization courses 


rules for graduate studies 


specifications for preparation of the master thesis 


specifications for preparation of the doctoral dissertation 


university fees







courses on the web 


scholarships 


calendar 


important student rules


diploma thesis archive 


prospectus


erasmus+ 







research 





research areas 


research laboratories 


services and applications 


technical reports 







people 





faculty 





administrative duties 







special teaching staff 


adjunct faculty 


office staff 


admin. research staff 


it support team 


former academic staff members 







news and events 





announcements 


conferences 


colloquiums & other presentations 


cs workshops for high school students 


fellowships 


highlights 


internships 


logipaignion 


special research scientist positions 


special teaching scientist positions 


student's corner 







contact us 













						master in data science					

						msc in data science program brings together the expertise of 3 departments in the university of cyprus – business and public administration, computer science, and mathematics and statistics – to prepare the next generation of data-oriented thinkers.										





						master in artificial intelligence					

						we deliver modern "on the edge" master programmes in ai within the network of partner universities promoting new careers in ai for students from any eu country.										





						master in cognitive systems					

						a distance-learning program taught exclusively on-line in collaboration with the open university of cyprus and the department of psychology of the university of cyprus.										









news 





andreas pitsillidis scholarship for incoming graduate students at the master level admitted at the department of computer science 

scholarships in memory of michalis (mike) polydorou for master/phd level students of the department of computer science 

postgraduate programme applications for the fall semester of the academic year 2025/2026 




													all news											







highlights 





petra conference 2024 – marios flourentzou presented his final year diploma project: a case study of voice recognition technology for developing programming skills for students with motor disabilitiesmarios flourentzou presented his final year diploma project ‘a case study of voice recognition technology for developing programming skills for... 

βραβείο ποιοτικής διδασκαλίας σθεε για το 2024 στην καθηγήτρια του τμήματος πληροφορικής, κα άννα φιλίππουτην τρίτη, 18 ιουνίου 2024 έγινε η τελετή αποφοίτησης για προπτυχιακούς και μεταπτυχιακούς φοιτητές και φοιτήτριες της σχολής θετικών και... 




													all highlights											







useful information 





alumni in academia






computer facilities






courses on the web






course schedule






cs club @ ucy






departmental council






departmental leaflet (in greek)






departmental strategic plan 2021-2025 (in greek)






exams schedule






indicative student awards and distinctions






industrial advisory board






office hours






prospectus






scholarships






telephone list






ucy graduate school






visit us


























welcome

welcome to the website of the department of computer science at the university of cyprus. the department has experienced significant growth over the last few years with strong groups in artificial intelligence, computer architecture, computer networks, data management, graphics and virtual reality, internet computing, software engineering and theoretical computer science. the department offers a bachelor degree in computer science with 7 different specializations as well as a number of master degrees and a ph.d. degree in computer science.
the department has a strong research infrastructure comprising high-performance clusters and storage area networks, cloud computing facilities, smart-phones and sensing devices and virtual reality equipment. since 2005, our department has been involved in more than 160 research projects funded from both the european union and the cyprus research promotion foundation with total funding of over 21.5 million euros.
get an overview of the key activities of our department here.



fellowships












cs colloquium series @ ucy




colloquium: human-ai interaction for the future of work, dr. marios constantinides (cyens centre of excellence, cyprus), thursday, march 20, 2025, 19:15-20:15 eet.



colloquium: internet computing evolution: tools and applications, dr. george pallis (university of cyprus, cyprus), friday, february 7, 2025, 17:00-18:00 eet.






cs other presentations




phd defense: explainable ai modelling in the assessment of multiple sclerosis using clinical data and brain mri lesion texture features, andria nicolaou (university of cyprus, cyprus), monday, december 2, 2024, 08.30-09.30 eet.



phd defense: unsupervised extraction and analysis of polarization in large-scale text-based corpora with applications to misinformation detection, mr. demetris paschalides (university of cyprus, cyprus), tuesday, december 17, 2024, 10.00-11.00 eet.



















            department of computer science, university of cyprus, © 1995-2025.
          

            all rights reserved.
          








