

index















 












 before you waste another penny renting a mailing list, let me show you how...







~last updated: 









  


• top 
money 
makers!! 











--------------------------


blockbuster (c27)


home-based business services


---------------------------









• multiple listings of home business commission dealerships.





  
newspaper advertising 
 
can be your key to big profits! huge exposure, super low cost, a proven winner! 
more info... 
  


scroll to page bottom for my 
free newsletter 


timelytips advertiser
home~biz guide

a hot 50% dealership opportunity! 
  
bigmailusa.com 
admagicusa.com 
mybigmail.net 
ourbigmail.com s 
jkcentral.commain directory 
jk24-7.net 
iadsusa.com 


free big mail offers - here 


mybigmail.net 
•collection of mail marketing dealers displaying their latest mail marketing dealerships and opportunities. plus - see what j. kirkman says is the best item to sell by mail. plus the best way to learn to sell it. 






ads coast to coast is published by: 
john kirkman 
po box 340 
guyton, ga 31312-0340 
contact - 
  
thanks for your interest in our popular adsheet 
"ads coast to coast" 
(cc41) 




• hand to hand helper... introducing hand to hand helper: multiplying funds for your project! earn from pool 1 to pool 2! are you looking for a way to fund your projects effectively? hand to hand helper is the solution you've been looking for. (531ds6-24cc41)








• turn $10 (one time) then $30 per mouth into a lucrative, residual flow of cash! $10 cash gift program would you like all the money you need to pay your bills? how about not having to worry about losing your job... for more details click here (194yj6-24cc41)



jkfile.com/313jk







• the quick and wasy way to get... typesetting & free advertising... every ad we typeset, regardless of size, also receiving a free run on the internet to no less than 32,000 monthly prospects for one year! (620mz11-24c38)







ads coast to coast is published in print format and distributed by postal mail to thousands of known opportunity seekers/buyers that have responded to our many ads in print media publications, through our direct mail campaigns for our many promotional services... and on the internet. 
  
unlike most adsheets and pages online, ads coast to coast does not just sit on some obsure web site not seen by very many - much less seen by targeted opportunity seekers by the thousands...like we do. 
every month, john purchases at least 75,000 targeted opportunity seekers that visit a master jk directory page - a link to this adsheet 
ads coast to coast - is located on the directory page. visitors are guaranteed! the master directory is at getcashorders.info. 
point is...your ad is exposed within our adsheet to those visitors. 
of course no one could guarantee each and every visitor will be interested in your ad, nor ours for that matter. but if you are offering something of value and interest, and it is presented professionally in a good format and is worded right --- you can pick up a pile of inquiries and orders from these targeted masses. 
if you are not interested in advertising - the only reason you are here is to review the great opportunities in ads coast to coast. 
either way - it is time to see what others have to offer — and how they do it. you are bound to find some interesting offers that are just what you have been looking for... 
  





action hits wholesale website traffic
here's a quick way to receive unlimited website hits. wholesaletraffic from actionhits.net.  






receive 1000's of


free big mails


( a mail order service )


plus 50% comm.!


check it out!






"put extra profits in your pocket weekly..."


"adwizusa": source page for above profitable program.






 1000 free names!


opportunity seekers










dan mccarty's
					~~ popular ~~
adsheet review & popular resources










 how to increase ad exposure


quickly and easily


we guarantee it!


learn how it's done....click here






"ourbigmail" directory.









click here for full details...




popular


opportunities and services


offered in popular 4x5


post card size format.


(.pdf file format)




print media mo tabloid advertising


75% discount


full details - easy online order
















j. kirkman "private database" opportunity seeker


leads - as few as 200 test leads available: here






 


~ your feedback appreciated ~


 



jkfile.com copyright file number:

