







weil tennis academy | play amazing




































 









skip to content




chevron-left



chevron-right



chevron-up



chevron-right



chevron-left



arrow-back



star



phone



quote







checkbox-checked



search



wrench



info





shield



play



connection



mobile



coin-dollar



spoon-knife



ticket



pushpin



location



gift



fire



feed



bubbles



home



heart



calendar



price-tag



credit-card



clock



envelop







facebook



instagram





twitter



youtube



pinterest



yelp



google



reddit



linkedin



envelope



bbb









pinterest



homeadvisor




angies












ojai ca – tennis paradise
 




menu









 



academy

full time academy
high performance coaching staff
weil campus & facilities
academy founder mark weil


camps

summer junior training camps
spring & year round training camps
book a camp today


weil school & placement

the weil school
weil teaching faculty
weil college placement program


community life program

dining program


enrollment

apply today!
tuition and fees
contact us






 






academyshow submenu

full time academy
high performance coaching staff
weil campus & facilities
academy founder mark weil


campsshow submenu

summer junior training camps
spring & year round training camps
book a camp today


weil school & placementshow submenu

the weil school
weil teaching faculty
weil college placement program


community life programshow submenu

dining program


enrollmentshow submenu

apply today!
tuition and fees
contact us



 












what are your child’s dreams?…  what are their goals?…  and how hard are they willing to fight to achieve them all?…
these are the questions i’ve been asking my students since 1997, and i’m excited to ask your child these same questions!  i want young tennis players at weil who dream big, who have big goals and who are willing to fight to achieve them!
 
weil is a global community of students, teachers, coaches and residential parents united by our passion for tennis and academics.
essentially, this is who we are at weil: we are competitive, we train & compete as a team, we love challenges, we fight harder than our opponents, we give our best effort in everything we do on the court and in the classroom, and we enjoy a close, supportive community at weil academy that feels like a “home away from home.”
 
explore weil and discover what makes weil academy so special. and if this looks like the environment you want your child to live, dream, study, achieve and train in, where you want your child to grow strong and develop into a healthy young adult, then i encourage you to contact me to see if they have what we’re looking for to be a weil lion!




so, come to weil and play amazing!

mark weil, founder & academy director









2025 weil
grad andra braicu
to harvard! 
 

2025 weil
grad waverly potter
to univ. of washington!
 

2025 weil grad
mirielle chedid-daely
to pomona college!       
 

2024 weil grad
claire zhang
to univ of pennsylvania
(u penn)!
 










2025 weil grad andra braicu to harvard!
 

2025 weil grad mirielle chedid-daely to pomona college!



2025 weil grad waverly potter to univ. of washington!
 

2024 weil grad claire zhang to univ of pennsylvania (u penn)!









2025 summer camps…..apply for fall 2025

congratulations to our weil academy class of 2024 seniors
on their college commits!









weil senior claire zhang is headed to university of pennsylvania (div 1 – ivy league)!


claire zhang, usa—university of pennsylvania (div 1 – ivy league)


rory sher, usa—denison university (div 3), scholarship


brennan damond, usa—trinity college, ct (div 3)













weil senior matei gavrea recieves scholarship to div 1 power uc santa barbara!


matei gavrea, usa—uc santa barbara (div 1), scholarship


nelson alapi, usa—bucknell university (div 1), scholarship


kaetan mehta, can—clemson university (div 1), scholarship



















senior captain rory sher is off to denison university (div 3) with a scholarship!


emily liu, chn—university of illinois chicago (div 1), scholarship


liya pomfret, usa—vassar college (div 3)


ava hayes, usa—cal lutheran university (div 3), scholarship












weil senior nelson alapi is set to be a bucknell university bison on scholarship!

garret cozen, usa—emerson college (div 3)


juan pablo paxson, mex—tulane university (div 1), scholarship


michael wood, usa—nicholls state univ (div 1), scholarship




















weil captain brennan damond joins the team at trinity college, ct!


katarina drinchich, usa—hofstra university (div 1), scholarship


taylor stadjuhar, usa—lewis & clark college (div 3), scholarship


taylor levy, usa – hardin-simmons university ( div 3 ), scholarship












weil senior ian layton heads to marist college on scholarship!

ethan bloom, usa—colby college (div 3), scholarship


carter fayard, usa—williams college (div 3)


ian layton, usa – marist college (div 1), scholarship



















weil senior ava hayes to be a california lutheran regal!


ginger parker, usa – university of puget sound ( div 3), scholarship


nova nehring, usa – centro internazionale studi montessoriani, ita












weil grad kaetan mehta is a clemson tiger!

sarosh rustomjee, eng – loyola marymount university ( div 1), scholarship


maximiliano lopez, mex – ottawa university, az ( naia), scholarship



















weil senior keke liu gets full scholarship to div 1 univ of illinois chicago!


eric schmidt, usa – university of colorado ( div 1)


shichan (nathaniel) yang, chn – university of illinois chicago (div 1)





 







weil senior mike wood gets scholarship to div 1 nicholls state univ!

chiao bo suo nan, twn – northern illinois university (div 1), scholarship


alejandro huerta, usa – university of portland (div 1 ), scholarship



















weil grads katarina drinchich heads to hofstra university and ginger parker is off to univ of puget sound! 





 







weil senior liya pomfret to be a vassar college brewer!
















2023 graduates










2019 graduates…..2020 graduates…..2021 graduates…..2022 graduates…..

 
 
















weil tennis academy phone (805) 640-3413
e-mail: academy@weiltennis.com

hours of operation: daily: 8:00am – 5:00pm
address:
428 bryant circle
ojai, ca 93023

 








facebook







twitter







instagram







youtube












               © 2025 weil tennis. all rights reserved.             

privacy policy
contact us
accessibility statement







 







 




