







dearreader.com – create your own virtual library











































0shopping carthomepage
our products

select reads
new book alerts
author check
online book clubs
e-book alerts
library wishlist


about us
free online tour
privacy





menu


menu

 






we offer a variety of reader advisory services all designed  to run autonomously, while still offering a high degree of  customization. don't hesitate to call or email, you'll be  pleasantly surprised by great customer service.super flexible newsletterstons of books and dvdsimport bulk listspull in author profilesautomatic scheduler
easy to create contentyour number one service for creating a variety of reader advisory services all designed to run autonomously, while still offering a high degree of customization.

patron based serviceswe have many services aided for patrons to make content. making it easy for people to support your library.

libraries love usa fun and easy way for busy people to get back into reading. today more than 375,000 library patrons start their morning with a book excerpt in their email.


the leader in readers advisory, discovery tools and event newsletters for public libraries

the future of the book list service is the patron-driven newsletter—delivering unique programs to help libraries
drive their patrons’ unique personal interests straight to a computer or mobile device.





online library tools 


create a virtual library experience
track authors, build newsletters, create booklists, send events, send ebook newsletters, new title alerts, author spotlight, and so much more! from automated monthly newsletters, booklists, custom event and patron driven automated newsletters – you cover all bases.
patrons love the flexibility and personalized approach of dear reader. as a librarian you can focus on developing first class library materials without compromise. our services include many unique services to enrich the library experience.


check out our team
online book clubshelp patrons get back in the habit of reading with a daily dose of books, cookies, and surprises.

author checkpatrons can follow their favorite authors and receive alerts when their new books arrive at your library.

library wishlist wake up the sleeping support for your library. don’t wait until someone suggest closing a branch before you tap into that support.

select readsa booklist service with unlimited newsletter options. event newsletters, monthly newsletters, patron driven newsletter choices and more!

new book alertsnew book alerts is an online service that showcases the newest titles purchased by your local library. you can select to receive alerts via email and/or rss feeds. if you see a new title that you are interested in, just click “borrow” to place a hold on the item right away.



about dear reader


in 1999, suzanne beecher discovered a way to get people back in the habit of reading books. “i’ve always encouraged my staff to read, so you can imagine my reaction when one of my employees, a stay-at-home mom, told me, ‘suzanne, i cook, i clean, i take care of my kids, my husband and i work part-time for you. i can’t find the time to shave my legs and you want me to read a book.'”


more about dear reader

 previousnext

presale questions?have questions about our amazing products? wish to learn more about how we can help your library?
learn more
need support?own our products and need support? talk to our award-winning support team to help you succeed!
a
learn more
follow uskeep up to date with new products and services we will provide! or check out our facebook page!
a
learn more

contact us for a free demonstrationdon’t hesitate to call or email, you’ll be pleasantly surprised by great customer service.

  

our services
author check
e-book alerts
new book alerts
online book clubs
select reads
e-book alerts
library wishlist

get your free trial
don’t hesitate to try our free trial. we promise you your library will love our services!


            get your free trial today!
        



contact usaddress: 4411 bee ridge road, #287, sarasota, fl 34233
phone: 941-373-0700
email: info@dearreader.com






© copyright - dearreader.com llc  






scroll to top




























