




home page for buzz_777.tripod.com
















 











    spencer family webpage featuring daniel, lindsay & ben,
      australian's overseas, travels, stories, rollablaze, and our
    current home - auckland, new zealand.
    

welcome to the spencer family website!





    links on this website...




sign our guestbook
view our guestbook
















our family

              daniel
              lindsay
              benjamin





some travel photo's


saudi arabia:
        medain saleh
        wadi al lith
desert driving notes 
    pakistan:    rawalpindi, lahore, mian wali, sarghoda
    south africa:    kruger national park
australia
other places





search index
alternateinfo index
what's a millennium?

what's a stereotype?


visit swap, sale, info



flash animations - stick theatre
www.random-revolution.com

eragon - a fantasy novel by christopher paolini
background archive

visit rollerblaze








    at this site you'll find personal webpages for
      daniel spencer,
      lindsay spencer
      and 
      benjamin spencer
      and maybe one day my parents.
    each of us has links to their own webpage - use the photo's above
    to select one of our pages.   we have some interesting images, stories,
    questions,  and other things we have been working on here. 


    although we come from australia,
    
    (find info like how to speak australian with 
    the aussie list of o's)

    we have info about where we were living in
    jeddah, saudi arabia.
 
    we have a world map and info & 
    images on places we have visited. 
    also on the site are  flash movies, flash animation, links to www.random-revolution.com, and the famous the stick trailer and the stick, part 1


www.random-revolution.com (daniel & lindsay's flash website)
eragon fan site (ben + mates website) 









lindsay'smedain salehtrip
ben'swadi al lithbaha-taif trip
ben'skruger national parksouth africa trip
come tomy weddingin pakistan






    tell someone about this website... use pass it on to email them...




>
    









for sale:  click to view or add text. 


see more for sale
webpage notes:


this website has mostly been written using raw html as edited by notepad to allow all the kids to learn the language fundamentals.  it makes the code smaller for you to download and the author has full control of every element. continuing in the purist environmentally friendly manner, the background images are all taken from textures around the house or places we've visted. 
many of the images on this whole website are taken as frames from a video 8 film using a video card.  hope to use higher resolution when we can scan from slides.  

















your home is where you hang your @
        sign, and this is our home page.
home page: http://buzz_777.tripod.com also known as: http://members.tripod.com/buzz_777/ 
email: webmaster@buzz_777.tripod.com 
copyright © spencer family 1999-2002







