





a podcast about knitting













































skip to content











 
a podcast about knitting





browse:
home
audio archive
cast on has moved!
 





about 


this is the legacy site of the cast on podcast. it contains the podcast archives from 2005, when the podcast began, to 2014, when its host, brenda dayne, returned to full time education with no intention of creating any more podcasts. brenda returned to podcasting in 2020, during the first covid lockdown. you’ll find brand new episodes at brendayne.co.uk.
where to start.
if you’re new here, and wondering where to begin, there are a few dependable places to look for content.
the audio archive: the archive contains links to the show notes for every podcast, from the first, to the most recent. show notes contain the links to everything mentioned in every podcast, as well as a direct download link to each podcast, itself. clicking the link will download the podcast, which you can then transfer to your portable media device. there is also a handy media player, located at the very bottom of the shownotes for each podcast, so you can listen to any or all of them, right now, right here at your computer, if you so choose.
the homepage: here you’ll find links to the most recent podcasts, as well as blog posts, and usually a video of some cool thing – knitting related, or otherwise.
rss feed: if you prefer your content to-go, the podcast feed wraps it up in a handy square of tinfoil, and delivers it to your favorite feedreader, artfully twisted into the shape of a swan. the site feed includes the podcasts, and all blog posts, news, features and articles.
what’s next?
if you’re still looking for things to click on, you can find out more about brenda in her mostly true bio, and see the questions she answers a lot in the faq. and if that’s still not enough brenda, you will find more of her dulcet tones in non cast on related audio recordings here.



















copyright 2025
 theme by empress
















