














summit marketing


















 
























  signature programs

direct response fundraising
donor acquisition
sustainer fundraising
volunteer engagement
kroc center marketing
thrift store marketing


proof
insights

blogs
fundraising training camps
whitepapers


about
contact us
client portal
  















menu



  signature programs

direct response fundraising
donor acquisition
sustainer fundraising
volunteer engagement
kroc center marketing
thrift store marketing


proof
insights

blogs
fundraising training camps
whitepapers


about
contact us
client portal
  












you help others. we help you.



























































































































































































































































































we deliver proven results — but don’t just take our word for it.
hear what our clients have to say.























bright  little observations






       












big hearts. creative minds.
innovative solutions.


big hearts.creative minds.
innovative solutions.

we pour ourselves into meaningful work that matters for clients who make a difference.
we pour ourselves into meaningful work that matters for clients who make a difference.
























our team









michelle noyes
president
as our president, michelle engages others in striving for excellence. she passionately understands the pulse of our associates, client partners and market conditions. she invests her heart, soul and high standards in our business every day and leads our agency with boundless energy, creativity and compassion.







brian smith
director of engagement & integration
as director of engagement & integration, brian masterfully orchestrates people, projects and priorities. his genuine passion for our clients and company shows in everything he does. he approaches his work with zeal, commitment, determination and a fun-loving attitude.







natalie loomis
director of sales & marketing
as our director of sales & marketing, natalie has immense commercial and nonprofit omnichannel campaign experience, providing her colleagues and clients with a wealth of knowledge. she spearheads critical details for our business development with a passion for perfection and profitability.







sam hamby
director of data & analytics
as our quintessential director of analytics, sam leads her team with profound authenticity and data insights. she provides our client partners with revenue consultant reports that help navigate the rugged fundraising terrain and analytically determines the best way forward.







aaron robison
director of digital strategy & innovation
from social media to emails to mobile to web — when it comes to digital marketing, aaron is your guy. he spearheads and oversees all digital strategies for our client partners. his in-depth marketing experience and passion for the digital landscape make him a key thought leader and innovator at our company.







francie hughes
director of client services
as director of client services, francie is a teacher, mentor and coach. she embodies servant leadership and fosters it in others. she specializes in communicating daily with our client partners. francie leads her department with a focus on detail, accuracy and a heart of gold.







julie barnickol
director of production & data services
as director of production & data services, julie is a detail-oriented dynamo. she is driven by deadlines, unbelievably efficient and 100% committed to achieving the highest production quality available for each and every client partner.







tammy nigus
senior communications & creative director
as senior communications & creative director, tammy brings over 30 years of rich experience, leadership and creative direction to our agency. she puts meaningful messages in the hands of our client partners' donors and prospects to inform, engage, inspire and move people to action.







michele hall
senior creative design director
michele's creative roots run deep. she's a graphic designer by trade with an eye for visual storytelling and a collaborative spirit. gifted with deep humility and a masterful skill of creative excellence, michele transforms ideas into reality as our senior creative design director.









lance meerkatz
senior data & it manager
lance knows our client’s data inside and out. he oversees data integration, planning and database management while working closely with senior executives and associates to identify, develop and support technology solutions. lance provides backend systems leadership and is responsible for operational programming, implementation and maintenance of current systems.







geri wilburn
director of executive administration & kc hr
geri works closely with our leadership team to oversee the organizational aspects of our agency, including human resources. with over 15 years of quality experience in administrative work, geri is reliable, friendly and always willing to jump in and help anyone with anything.







ron busroe
senior strategy adivsor
as a master communicator with a diverse and distinguished 40-year career in the salvation army, lieutenant colonel ron busroe (ret.) assists our client partners with insights and wisdom gained through his experiences.







chris howard
national account executive
when he isn’t busy supporting our client partners in the field and spearheading business development across the country, you'd likely find chris taking swings on a golf course or spending quality time with his wife and four children.







jenn viscomi
client services manager
motivated, supportive and joyful. these are just three of the words that many use to describe jenn. when she's not at disney world with her husband and two kids, she's serving our client partners with an energy and enthusiasm that is second to none.







kristin adams
accounting manager
positivity, a willingness to help others and plenty of coffee are the three key ingredients that make an excellent accountant, according to accounting manager kristin. she leads our team of bookkeepers, number crunchers and financial experts in the accounting department. outside of work, kristin enjoys spending time with her husband and their four children.







bayley muir
associate copy director
as associate copy director, bayley leads our team of copywriters in crafting powerful, donor-centric narratives for mission-driven organizations. with expertise in fundraising appeals, strategic donor communication and impactful storytelling, she creates messages that inspire generosity and drive action. 


















what we do



we are a full-service direct marketing agency specializing in strategic fundraising. for over three decades, we have worked extensively with nonprofit organizations to deliver proven results. we help our client partners create meaningful relationships with their donors, volunteers, members and other target audiences through fully integrated omnichannel marketing.












strategy & content




we're strategic thinkers who want to help you tell your story through engaging and authentic content. our strategies deliver mission-focused messaging to your target audiences based on smart segmentation and research-backed tactics to help you meet your fundraising goals.











design & creative




our powerhouse team of creatives understands donor behavior and works on compelling communications for organizations like yours every day. a powerful blend of innovative thinking and robust analytics drives our creative process.











digital experience




our digital team offers a full suite of omnichannel marketing services. in a crowded, constantly evolving digital marketing space, we deliver fresh thinking to grow your digital base, increase reach among supporters and foster positive interactions to ensure your mission remains relevant.











fundraising & marketing




throughout our extensive history of collaborating with nonprofit organizations and commercial brands, we have achieved success by combining our technical savvy with our entrepreneurial spirit. with an eye toward the ever-changing media landscape and audience preferences, we’ve developed industry-leading programs and campaigns that get proven results.















get in touch!
ready to elevate your mission in the marketplace?
							send us a message and let's chat.












"*" indicates required fields

name*

first



last


email*

how may we help?*
 







































































copyright © summit marketing 2025







privacy policy -
							contact us -
							careers -
							800-843-7347









 





















