


orthodoxkansas.org homepage












 



.
as an aid to orthodox christians worshiping at st. mary magdalene, manhattan, or unable to attend church and wishing to offer worship from their homes, we offer texts for saturday readers' great vespers, sunday typica, and reader services for major feasts.  hyperlinks in the monthly calendar for the st. mary magdalene chapel on the dates when the services are appointed will display or download pdf versions of complete service texts.  those from other communities taking advantage of these texts should substitute the hymnography and ascriptions appropriate to their own community's patron for those to st. mary magdalene provided in the texts.  








orthodoxkansas.org exists to provide a web presence for orthodox christian parishes, missions, chapels and organizations in the state of kansas.  it is a ministry of the st. mary magdalene orthodox christian chapel, manhattan, ks.

all saints orthodox church,
salina
holy transfiguration
orthodox church, hillsboro
st. mary magdalene
orthodox chapel, manhattan
sts. peter and paul orthodox church, topeka
three hierarchs orthodox mission,
garden city
the k-state orthodox christian fellowship





navigate orthodoxkansas.org



all saints orthodox church,
salina
st. mary magdalene
orthodox chapel, manhattan
sts. peter and paul orthodox church, topeka
holy transfiguration orthodox church, hillsboro
three hierarchs, garden city
the k-state orthodox christian fellowship
support holy orthodoxy in kansas
what is an orthodox christian?
what do orthodox christians believe?
a brief history of the holy 
orthodox church
orthodox parishes throughout kansas
links to other orthodox christian websites
a cloud of witnesses
upcoming feasts and fasts
search this site or the web
the orthodoxkansas.org blog







you can now support holy orthodoxy in north central kansas by donating online to orthodoxkansas.org:








donate $5 to orthodoxkansas.org








donate $10 to orthodoxkansas.org








donate $20 to orthodoxkansas.org








donate $50 to orthodoxkansas.org








donate $100 to orthodoxkansas.org









donate $200 to orthodoxkansas.org





donations may be made via paypal accounts or credit card.  all donations are processed via paypal's secure website.

donations to orthodoxkansas.org constitute tax deductible contributions to the st. mary magdalene orthodox christian church, inc.  please print the confirmation page provided by paypal as your receipt for tax purposes.  donations received via this site will be used at the discretion of the council of st. mary magdalene, manhattan to support ministries of the chapel or of other orthodox christian bodies with web pages provided by orthodoxkansas.org.




orthodoxkansas.org provides a variety of resources for orthodox christians and those interested in learning more about the holy orthodox faith:

what is an orthodox christian?
what do orthodox christians believe?
suggested readings for the inquirers' classes and catechism classes at st. mary magdalene are available for download
in msword format in the christian education section of 
the st. mary magdalene chapel webpage.
a brief history of the holy 
orthodox church (with particular emphasis on north america and our archdiocese)
nearby parishes (websites and other info)
links to other orthodox christian websites
a cloud of witnessesarchive of past issues. the newsletter of all saints orthodox church, salina, ks, includes edifying spiritual readings, written or compiled from patristic sources ancient and modern by the late stavrophore-archimandrite david [griffith], long-time pastor of all saints, salina.
upcoming feasts and fasts
contact us


all saints orthodox church, st. mary magdalene chapel, sts. peter and paul orthodox church, holy transfiguration church, and three hierarchs mission are all under the omophorion of metropolitan saba of the self-ruled antiochican archdiocese of north america. 

return to top of orthodoxkansas.org



orthodox parishes throughout kansas (with links to homepages or other information):

st. mary magdalene orthodox
christian chapel
st. mary magdalene house, 913 riley lane, manhattan, ks 66502
(785) 539-3440
host church to the k-state ocf.
all saints orthodox church  2818 scanlan ave., salina, ks 67401  (785) 823-3735 
sts. peter and 
paul orthodox church 2525 huntoon, topeka, ks 66604 
(785) 354-7718 
holy transfiguration orthodox christian church
116 n. washington, hillsboro, ks 67063
(620) 947-4030
three hierarchs orthodox christian mission 2009 n. main st.,
garden city, ks 67846(316)841-9575
st. basil the great antiochian
orthodox church
9302 riverview ave, kansas city, ks 66112
(913) 663-2200
holy trinity
orthodox church 11901 pflumm rd., overland park, ks 66213 
(913 )681-6943 
st. george orthodox christian
cathedral 7515 east 13th, wichita, ks 67206 (316) 636-4676
st. mary orthodox
church 344 s. martinson, wichita, ks 67213 (316) 264-1576
fr. aaron's blog: lifebearingwilderness
 holy trinity greek orthodox church
805 n. dellrose, wichita, ks 67208 (316) 681-1165
st. michael the archangel orthodox church7230 e 29th street north, wichita, ks 67226 (316) 734-6248
(western rite)
 st. dionysius greek orthodox church 8100 west 95th st., overland park,
ks 66212 
(913) 341-7373 
 st. george serbian orthodox church 11001 greenwood street, lenexa, ks 66215 
parish phone (913) 469-9200, rectory phone (913) 499-8929 (old calendar)
st. archangel michael serbian orthodox church
310 n. 72nd st.,
kansas city, ks 66112
(913) 788-5485(old calendar) 
st. nicholas orthodox christian church
846 illinois, ste a,
lawrence, ks 66044
(785) 218-7663 
sts. peter and fevronia orthodox church (rocor)
845 s. cherry st., olathe, ks 
913-383-8000 (old calendar)
mailing address: p.o. box 12700 overland park, ks 66282-2700

 st. mark coptic orthodox church 
10024 w. 49th street, merriam, ks
66203 (oriental orthodox (non-chalcedonian))


return to top of orthodoxkansas.org




links to various orthodox christian websites: 

the assembly of canonical orthodox bishops of the united states of america successor organization to scoba.
orthodox christian networkmedia ministry of the assembly of canonical orthodox bishops:  providing three online radio stations (the rudder -- traditional orthodox liturgical music; the ark -- an orthodox answer to protestant "christian music" stations; and the anchor -- orthodox talk radio), edifying podcasts, orthodox video content via the internet, and radio programming for traditional broadcast radio stations.
the ascetic experience web ministry of the holy monastery of vatopedi, mount athos.  brief, spiritually edifying sayings and readings, supported by a visually beautiful website with scenes of life on the holy mountain. new!
lifebearingwilderness blog by fr. aaron warwick, pastor of st. mary, wichita
mystagogy (blog) blog by john sandiopoulos, highly commended by the stavrophore-archimandrite david [griffith] for its spiritually edifying content and fidelity to holy tradition.  readings from the lives of the saints during typica services at st. mary magdalene, manhattan are sometimes drawn from its content.
 outreach alaskahomepage of the
wichta-based outreach ministry in support of the oca's russian orthodox diocese of alaska.
provides a variety of programs by which more materially well-endowed communities and
individuals in the lower-48 can provide assistance to the church in our north american
spiritual homeland.
st. herman theological
seminar homepage of the russian orthodox diocese of alaska's seminary, where 
archpriest chad hatfield, the
founding priest of both all saints, salina and st. mary magdalene, manhattan, had served as academic
dean.
st. vladimir's orthodox theological seminary homepage of the pan-orthodox seminary of which fr. chad is now president.
hellenic college and holy cross greek orthodox school of theology home page of the greek archdiocese's main seminary, fr. joseph longofono's alma mater, and the associated liberal arts college.
st. tikhon's orthodox theological seminary home page of st. tikhon's seminary, the alma mater of fr. christopher morris, pastor of st. george, kearney, ne, who came to holy orthodoxy through st. mary magdalene, manhattan.
st. gregory palamas monastery
homepage of the english-speaking monastery of the greek archdiocese 
near mansfield, ohio, includes many edifying passages from the holy fathers 
not available elsewhere in english, though these are harder to find now that the fathers use blog-style software provided by the greek archdiocese.
the monastery of the holy archangel michael recently  
refurbished website of the oca men's monastery in canones, nm. the website will eventually include an archive of doxa, the monastery's quarterly journal, which publishes topical articles on current issues; book, and occasionally, movie reviews; and spiritually edifying meditations.  for now it includes chiefly news of the monastery and a way of subscribing to mailings of doxa.
orthodox christian news site maintained by the orthodox christian laity, an organization actively working for the unity of the various canonical orthodox jurisdictions into one organically united orthodox church:  orthodox-related news releases from a broad variety of news agencies, plus editorials & reader-reactions.
st. pachomius library a first draft of an encyclopedia of orthodox christianity.
the orthodox christian foundation useful links to other orthodox sites and edifying reading.
eighth day books
on line the website of wichita's jewel of a bookstore, with probably the
best selection in the us of orthodox christian books under one roof. 
 ancient faith radio  orthodox internet radio, programming includes the daily orthros, the hours, vespers and the midnight office, broadcast of
the sunday divine liturgy, and a "great tapes" series.  between programs named on the schedule at the website, the station plays recorded hymns of the church and offers brief edifying readings from the holy fathers and the lives of the saints.  a ministry of all saints antiochian orthodox church, chicago, il. 

the antiochian archdiocese homepage for the north american exarchate of the patriarchate of antioch, the
archdiocese under whose jurisdiction the clergy of all parishes, missions and chapels with pages hosted on orthodoxkansas.org serve
the orthodox church in america homepage
of the (autocephalous) orthodox church of america. 
the greek archdiocese homepage
 for the greek orthodox
archdiocese, the north american exarchate of the patriarch of constantinople.
includes links to the orthodox world news.
rocor homepage of the
russian orthodox church outside of russia. 
rocor publishes
orthodox america .
the orthodox christian information center:  a traditionalist orthodox website with much edifying content, run by a rocor layman, who like your humble webmaster came to holy orthodoxy from presbyterianism by way of anglicanism.
 







return to top of orthodoxkansas.org



what is an orthodox christian?

the orthodox christian belongs to the body of christ, the church of christ. 
this eastern 
orthodox church is organically the same congregation (or ecclesia) which 
was born 
at the outpouring of the holy spirit in jerusalem on pentecost, a direct
continuation from the apostles by laying on of hands from each generation 
of priests 
to the next. the orthodox christian recognizes the rich christian heritage 
and proclaims 
that he belongs to this church, which corresponds to the church of the apostles
as does a grown-up person correspond to a picture taken of him as a child. 

the orthodox christian has been baptized in the name of the holy trinity 
and follows 
the ideals and beliefs of both the scriptures and sacred tradition. he believes
in 
a living and loving god, whose grace protects and guides him in the path 
of redemption. 
he believes that god has revealed himself in the bible through the prophets and
especially 
in the person of jesus christ, his only-begotten son who is man's savior. 
he especially 
believes in the incarnation of christ as god-man, in his
crucifixion and resurrection, in his gospel and commandments, and in the world to 
come. 

(excerpts from the faith we hold by archbishop paul of finland) 

return to top of orthodoxkansas.org



what do orthodox christians believe?

the basic statement of orthodox christian beliefs:

the nicene creed

i believe in one god, the father almighty, maker of heaven and earth, and 
of all things 
visible and invisible;

and in one lord jesus christ, the son of god, the only-begotten, begotten of 
the father 
before all worlds, light of light, very god of very god, begotten, not made; 
of one 
essence with the father, by whom all things were made:

who for us men and  for our salvation came down from heaven, and was 
incarnate of 
the holy spirit and the virgin mary, and was made man;

and was crucified also for us under pontius pilate, and suffered and was 
buried;


and the third day he rose again, according to the scriptures;

and ascended into heaven, and sitteth at the right hand of the father;

and he shall come again with glory to judge the living and the dead, 
whose kingdom 
shall have no end.

and i believe in the holy spirit, the lord and giver of life, who proceeds 
from the 
father, who with the father and the son together is worshipped and 
glorified, who 
spoke by the prophets;

and i believe in one holy catholic and apostolic church.

i acknowledge one baptism for the remission of sins.

i look for the resurrection of the dead, and the life of the world to come.  
amen.

this statement of belief was drawn up at the first two universal or ecumenical 
councils 
of the church, at nicaea in 325 and constantinople in 381.  

those interested in learning more about orthodox christian teachings and 
about orthodox 
christian positions on contemporary issues may find the following links 
useful.



an orthodox 
catechism link to a catechism in the orthodox page in america website:
good reading, but, alas organized as one big document without internal 
hyperlinks. 
bases of the social concept of the russian orthodox church:  the official english translation of the recent major formal statement of the holy synod of moscow addressing a host of contemporary issues.  other statements on contemporary issues from the russian orthodox church (as well as news) can be found on the official website of the department for external church relations of the moscow patriarchate, orthodoxeurope.org.
an orthodox view of abortion as stated in the amicus curiae brief filed by the holy orthodox church in webster v. reproductive health services, complete with footnotes.



return to top of orthodoxkansas.org


the upcoming fasting typicon:

from theophany until the sunday of the pharisee and the publican, this year 9 february, we observe the usual wednesday and friday fasts in commemoration of our lord's betrayal and saving crucifixion.
the week following the sunday of the pharisee and the publican, we do not fast. unlike other fast-free periods, this is not celebratory, but a part of our ascetic disciple:  a reminder to imitate the humility of the publican, rather than the pride of the pharisee, who boasts of his twice-weekly fasting.  the next week, following the sunday of the prodigal son, this year 16 february, we observe the usual wednesday and friday fasts.
the sunday of the last judgement (popularly called "meatfare sunday") is the last day on which the observant eat flesh meats until holy pascha.  during the week following ("cheesefare week") although we abstain from flesh meats, we do not otherwise fast, fish, dairy products and eggs, oil and wine being permitted every day of that week including the sunday of the expulsion from paradise (popularly called "cheesefare" or "forgiveness sunday"), this year, 2 march.
pure monday, the first day of great lent, this year falls on 3 march.
return to top of orthodoxkansas.org



search orthodoxkansas.org






search the web using yahoo search






options





this site is authored and maintained by david yetter dyetter@math.ksu.edu, who
serves the st. mary magdalene chapel as a lowly subdeacon and 
council chairman.


last updated 31 january 2025.


did you find us through a search engine?  if so, you probably have evrsoft's free fastsubmit service to thank.  if you have a website, you can so what orthodoxkansas.org did and submit it to search engines using the graphic link below. (posting this link in gratitude is the one 'cost' of the service).








