






apw – aids project worcester website






































 








skip to content



 
165 southbridge street, worcester ma 01608  social@aidsprojectworcester.org  508-755-3773  

       












make a donation





about us

history of apw
leadership and staff

board of directors
management staff
our team
staff members policy
advocacy & partnerships


faqs
financials
policies and procedures

non-discrimination policy
confidentiality statement
clients rights
clients responsibilites
cultural and linguistic competency policy
consumer grievance process
due process policy




our services

joe mckee care center

testing & conseling
ssp- syringe services program
prep (pre-exposure prophylaxis).
outreach
narcan


nutrition

food bank
community garden


psychosocial services

peer support
mental health


housing
lgbtq+  youth

swagly


case management
transportation


donate
news & events
contact us

volunteer & internship

list of volunteer or internship possibilities
application form




monkeypox and vaccines
events





 menu

 close












client services











prevention and screening











advocacy and awareness











community


















” i’ve got nothing but good things to say about apw, they’ve done nothing but looked out for me. ”
bonita - long term client











our story


aids project worcester (apw) started in 1987, during the early to mid-80’s, residents of the city of worcester and its surrounding suburbs began to be infected with human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv) in increasing numbers. with few government or community services available at the time, those early individuals and families found comfort and support particularly in pakachoag community church in auburn, ma. as the numbers grew through the mid-80’s the complexity of needs expanded. as a result, the need for more services became clearly evident. out of community discussions concerning how best to meet those needs aids project worcester, inc. was born.
apw was incorporated as a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit corporation to provide education to the community about hiv/aids and services to individuals and families infected with hiv. apw has grown from a narrowly focused, case management aids (acquired immunodeficiency syndrome) services organization into the primary provider of non-medical hiv/aids support services in central massachusetts. the agency later expanded from a small shrewsbury street store-front office into three strategic locations, worcester (main office), leominster and southbridge. during this time period, apw enhanced service provision by increasing the professionalism of the service-delivery staff while strengthening the organization’s volunteer base. by the mid-90’s, apw‘s community profile had been raised significantly and signature fundraising activities had been well established, including the annual walk for life.
apw has been an industry leader in the design and implementation of customer-oriented service delivery systems. two major examples can be found in apw‘s case management system and in the agency’s creative unique prevention/education programs. the model of delivering client services through a “triage” evaluation system is now being implemented by the massachusetts department of public health in the boston-cambridge-somerville area (with plans for future implementation statewide). apw‘s clinical-services-based prevention and education program targeting men who have sex men is unique in the new england area. its success is being viewed by the massachusetts department of public health as a model for implementation of similar programs outside the boston metropolitan area. because of the quality and diversity of its services, apw experienced growth in the number of consumers of greater than 15% per year.
in the late 90’s, apw began a restructuring of its programs and administration to respond to the dramatically changing needs of consumers resulting from improvement in medical treatments. these changes can be expressed in two basic concepts. 1). moving from an organization focused on helping people die, to one which assists people to live. 2.) moving organizationally and programmatically from the crisis, short-term responses, to long-term strategic planning. these changes formed the foundation that would ensure the continued delivery of relevant, caring and comprehensive hiv/aids services to individuals and families in central massachusetts through the end of the millennium.
apw‘s mission statement is centralized around three core values; education, advocacy, and service. these care values are achieved through comprehensive client service programs, prevention, and education services and the staff are strong advocates for people living with hiv. services extend to those who are at risk for hiv disease as well as those who are living with hiv/aids.
 


 admin 












follow us on social media:

















or click:   https://me-qr.com/i0ajx2ue




facebook










mission statement                                                                                                                                                                                 
 aids project worcester, inc. (apw) is a non-profit organization that uses advocacy, education and collaborative initiatives to enhance the lives and health of people infected with and affected by hiv/aids, hepatitis c (hcv), and other sexually transmitted infections (stis).                                                              









165 southbridge street, worcester ma 01608  social@aidsprojectworcester.org  508-755-3773  




				copyright © 2025 apw.			
			proudly powered by wordpress			 & 
personal portfolio wordpress theme by dinozoom.com.            











