


































visit sebring, fl: attractions, hotels, events, restaurants


































































now accepting nominations for the 2025 winner’s circle tourism awards! click here to make your nomination before march 10!









blogmeetingssportshgtvsearch












citieslake placidavon parksebringthings to dosebring international racewayfood & drinknightlifefamily funarts & culturespasshoppingoutdoorsfarms & naturefishinggolfgeocachingparks & pierslodgingfish campshotels & motelsrv & campgroundsvacation homes & condoseventsannual eventsevents this weekplaninteractive mapitinerariesdirectionsday tripsfaqsblogmeetingssportshgtvsearch












three communities, endless possibilities




have three times the fun in sebring
widely known for the sebring international raceway, sebring offers more beyond the roar of engines—three times as much! the neighboring towns of sebring, avon park, and lake placid each carry a unique and distinct character, while together, they deliver a perfect blend of outdoor adventure, creative culture, and small-town warmth.
with over 100 lakes, the sebring area—also known as highlands county—is a haven for water lovers and nature enthusiasts. scenic trails and highlands hammock state park offer perfect settings for hiking, biking and exploring the outdoors. avon park enchants visitors with tree-lined streets, a celebrated mile-long mall, and the historic jacaranda hotel. relax in lake placid’s journal plaza for shopping and dining, or take a self-guided tour of the lake placid murals that paint a colorful picture of its local history, people, and heart.
whether you’re seeking relaxation or exploration, you’ll find a friendly atmosphere and soulful spirit that makes you instantly feel at home. come experience three times the fun in our three unique towns.

















get to know the sebring area
we love our towns and think you will, too! discover our favorite things to do and see in the sebring area. 






 family-friendly fun 

							from exploring the outdoors to discovering local treasures, experience fun the whole family will enjoy.
						









 agritourism 

							experience sebring’s countryside through hands-on farm visits and u-pick produce. 
						









 dining 

							sebring’s diverse dining options offer everything from locally-owned restaurants to fine dining experiences.
						









 shopping 

							stroll sebring’s quaint downtown shops, where you’ll find local goods and hidden treasures around every corner.
						









 sports 

							from mobile 1 sportscars to on-the-water drag boats, sebring is the ultimate destination for sports lovers seeking excitement and action-packed fun.
						







explore the sebring area
get to know our three communities: sebring, lake placid, and avon park.















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































signature events
whether you’re here for world-class racing, vibrant festivals, or family-friendly celebrations, the sebring area’s signature events unite the community in a way that leaves a lasting impression.

explore all events










 

sebring soda festival
learn more







 

34th annual caladium festival
learn more







 

santa express – steam engine holiday train rides
learn more







 

imsa mobil 1 twelve hours of sebring
learn more



 



explore all events






sebring stories
immerse yourself in all things sebring, avon park, and lake placid. find travel tips and learn about must-see attractions to make the most of your time in our area.








 

sebring soda festival

				while there is no shortage of craft beer and food festivals in florida, a unique craft soda festival takes over…			
read more







 

celebrate halloween and fall in sebring: events you won’t want to miss!

				as the summer heat gives way to florida’s very own version of autumn, sebring comes alive with festive celebrations. whether…			
read more







 

your next great catch awaits: fish camps in sebring, florida

				there’s nothing quite like setting out for a full day of fishing while the morning mist is still settled on…			
read more







 

12 free things to do in sebring, florida

				sebring and its surrounding areas, avon park and lake placid, are full of things to do, sights to see, and…			
read more







 

your summer sebring getaway guide

				looking for a family-friendly, affordable vacation loaded with outdoor adventures and interactive attractions? take a trip to sebring and its…			
read more







 

celebrations for every season in sebring, fl!

				you’ll always find something new to celebrate in and around sebring, no matter when you visit. along with plenty of…			
read more







 

places to celebrate new year’s eve in sebring

				each year, on dec. 31, families and friends gather to share a meal and “ring in” the new year, often…			
read more







 

experience 2023 holiday events and celebrations in sebring, fl

				experience 2023 holiday events and celebrations in sebring, fl a historic santa express train ride, local christmas market, parades, and…			
read more



 



read all stories




plan your trip
it’s time to experience sebring for yourself. use these helpful tools to start planning your vacation.









					accommodations				

book your stay: accommodations













					getting around				

get directions: getting around













request a visitors guide



start planning



stay in the loop


this site is protected by recaptcha and the google
    privacy policy and
    terms of service apply.email

namethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  




















moments captured
share your memories with us using #visitsebring on social media!











facebook
x
instagram
youtube

aboutcontactrequest informationmediagrants

stay in the loop
stay up-to-date on sebring area events with our newsletter delivered straight to your inbox.

this site is protected by recaptcha and the google
    privacy policy and
    terms of service apply.email

phonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  



















© 2024 visit sebring. all rights reserved. privacy policy.





















