ï»¿alpacas in oklahoma
welcome to walnut creek!alpacas at their finestwe offer quality ari registered alpacas and excellent herdsires for stud along with information on starting your own alpaca farm.alpaca home  |  information  |  our herd  |  alpaca pictures  |  gifts our alpaca farmwalnut creek is a family owned ranch, located in the beautiful mountains of southeast oklahoma near the small town of talihina.  we extend a very warm welcome to visit our farm.we use a very gentle hands on approach and spend quite a bit of time with our animals.  they are all very accustomed to being handled so they are very friendly and easy to handle when doing maintenance care.alpacas truly are the world's finest and most enjoyable livestock investment!we searched the us for huacayas with elite genetics so we may offer outstanding bloodlines of exceptional quality.  we are always striving to improve our herd with each breeding.  our breeding program is aimed at correct conformation, fleece uniformity, fineness and density, fleece character, and easy temperament.services and information:helpful informationshearing tipsfleece preparationspinning and weavingfleece availableconsulting serviceson going customer supportexcellent farm guaranteesinterest free short term financing great source for informationwe welcome you to visit our information pages.  we hope you find them helpful as well as informative.  there you will find information on farm basics including pasture, fencing, and much more.we are excited about sharing information and helping new people get started.  raising and breeding these wonderful animals is easier than you might think.  we will help you every step of the way, so your investment will be profitable and enjoyable.  we want your investment to be a success!at walnut creek we have something for everyone.  huacayas, from entry level to show quality, and in a variety of colors.  just let us know what you are looking for.our commitment ~we are committed to the new breeder and we will share our knowledge and information any time.  we remember how many questions we had when we first started.  we encourage anyone interested to call or email anytime to exchange ideas or just to chat.additions at walnut creek ~our newest additions include our photo gallery, blog and if you're interested in natural landscape stone be sure to check out our oklahoma moss rock yard at walnut creek.we are slowly improving our website so some of our pages look a little different from the rest of the website.  to make your visit quicker and easier to find what you are looking for feel free to use our site map to help you find your way around our site.update ~please note: we are now retired and all our animals have been sold. we are keeping our website up and running since it contains a lot of valuable information that would be very helpful to new breeders. thank you for visiting our site, and if you have any questions or need help please feel free to contact us.contact usshare 
thank you! visit walnut creek's blog to see what we're up to and for the latest news.new t-shirts!visit walnut creek's t-shirt page for more info...  read morefeatured studclassic peruvian magic an 8x champion with an elite fine fleece...  read morebooksbreeding bookpicture bookchildren's bookvisit our alpaca books reference page for more information.dave & karen galbraithp.o. box 820talihina, oklahoma 74571thank you for visiting our farm site!sitemapcopyright â© 2003-2023 walnut creek - all rights reserved