


 






bare root trees: seedlings & saplings l chief river nursery
























































 


















    the store will not work correctly when cookies are disabled.







javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.

                        for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.                    









now accepting plant orders for delivery in spring 2025! non-plant only orders are shipped year round 




        skip to content    



        quick order    



        faq    


sign in

create an account



find your planting zone






lookup











toggle nav



 



                        menu                    




shop allconifersarborvitaecedarfirhemlocklarch & tamarackpinespruceconifer plugshardwoodsaspenbirchchestnuthickoryoakpoplarmapleother hardwoodsshrubsdogwoodelderberryserviceberryviburnumother shrubsfruit trees & shrubsapplecherrygrapepeachpearother fruitvariety packagesnon plant productsshop by useattracts game birdsattracts pollinatorsattracts small birdsattracts small mammalschristmas treedeer resistantedibleserosion controlfall colorfloweringfruit bearinghunting plotjuglone tolerantnut bearingprivacy screenroad salt tolerantwindbreak selectionwinter interest


            faq        

 




                        account                    


 





my cart



















 













search








categories

products










        advanced search    






































 




































for the homeowner and landowner
chief river nursery has a wide selection of tree and shrub seedlings for your yard or acreage. we offer a variety of evergreens, hardwoods and fruit trees to enhance your property or provide food for your family!
learn more
 













are you a hunter or wildlife enthusiast?
at chief river nursery, we love our wildlife as much as anyone around. this is why we sell many different types of trees and shrubs to bring in and hold that wildlife on your property.
learn more
 













tree farms, forestry companies and government agencies
chief river nursery is ready to help you with your mid to large size project. with several discount tiers, you can greatly benefit from reduced pricing when you order increased quantities.
learn more
 













plant investment timber or a sustainable firewood plot
have you ever considered growing timber as an investment? there is a great deal of profit to be had down the road at harvest time. it's a great legacy investment which will pay more than just financial dividends
learn more
 


















our bare root trees & seedlings arrive ready to thrive

at chief river nursery, we’re passionate about helping you grow something special. whether you’re planting bare root trees for your backyard, tree seedlings for reforestation, or need fruit tree saplings for a new orchard, our bare root nursery is honored to be part of your journey.
as a family-owned wisconsin seedling nursery in business since 1973, we proudly offer healthy, bare root trees for sale at great prices—along with customer service that treats you like family. every plant we send out is handled with care and arrives ready to thrive.
let’s grow something amazing together!
dean & sheila koch, owners
learn more about us











request a catalog by mail or download one here

thank you for your interest in our catalog. our selection of bare root trees, seedlings, and shrubs grows yearly, featuring evergreens, hardwoods, and fruit-bearing options. with 50+ years of experience, our bare root tree nursery ensures quality. buy seedlings online today.
go to catalog request page





why choose chief river nursery?

our trusted bare root tree nursery offers a wide range of bare root saplings and tree seedlings for sale. our plants are carefully cultivated for their adaptability and ability to thrive, ensuring lasting vitality. whether you’re looking to buy seedlings online or need tree seedlings in bulk, we can help.
explore bare root trees & seedlings











hardiness zone information and zone map

choose the perfect tree seedlings and shrubs with our usda plant hardiness zone map. find bare root saplings best suited to your climate and geographic location to ensure that you can plant confidently.
learn more about planting zones





looking for easy to plant potted trees & shrubs?

searching for an amazing selection of small potted trees and shrubs? our sister company sells a large assortment of fresh evergreens and home landscape plants. these trees and shrubs are favorably priced, easy to plant and come with a guarantee.
visit arborista today!










testimonials





chief river nursery is the best online bare root nursery i have ever ordered from. they have amazing prices, a huge selection, and amazing customer service. i will definitely be buying from this nursery again.
nityant c., edmond, ok






my order was delivered on time, plants were in excellent condition, and healthy. highly recommend your nursery to others.
walt f., park ridge, nj






each year i look forward to ordering more trees from chief river nursery. sycamore, aspen, oaks and others, they are always healthy and grow well for me. thank you. it is a pleasure watching the trees branch out and get taller.
david z., sharon, wi





read all testimonials







976 ulao road grafton, wi, 53024 united states
(800) 367-9254 info@chiefrivernursery.com

 

company

contact us
our guarantee
shipping
pricing discounts
faqs
testimonials
employment
privacy policy
terms and conditions



 


planting guide

planting site selection
when you receive your seedlings
planting your trees and shrubs
follow-up care
hardiness zones


 

let's stay in touch!


sign up to receive email updates and to hear what’s going on at chief river!

  sign up 

 
 follow us on facebook 




copyright © 2025 chief river nursery

















 


