







a tourist guide to san antonio attractions, hotels, tourism and riverwalk  - by san antonio insider















   




 








 








                 
                

 best  city 
                  

tour book









             


 





a guide to san
                antonio attractions, hotels, tourism and riverwalk 
welcome!  you've found the  premier site on san
        antonio, texas.  want to know about our historical sites,
                tourist attractions, important museums, art galleries,
                restaurants, hotels and world famous riverwalk?  you'll 
                find it all here.  you also get, free of charge, my suggested itineraries by which to see as much of 
                all this
                important stuff as possible.  and best of all, i throw in a  map of hotel locations 
                better than anything on the web.  the best of san antonio worth seeing 
                is mentioned here. 
         how do i know all
        this?  because i was born and raised here.  i know this place
        intimately and i intend to share with you the inside scoop on the
        goings on in san antonio.  i love this city and i want you to love
        it too.  






here's a recent unsolicited comment from a 
                      canadian visitor who used the web site for planning his 
                      trip:

  
just a quick email 
                      to tell you how much my wife and i enjoyed our recent 
                      visit to your wonderful city and our stay at the westin 
                      riverwalk. the walking guide we received from you provided 
                      us some excellent advice and we used it a lot. the 
                      souvenir map you recommended on your website was also very 
                      helpful. we particularly enjoyed the walking tour you 
                      suggested, having brunch at the guenther house and touring 
                      the king william area. my wife enjoyed exploring the 
                      menger hotel.we enjoyed touring the alamo, el mercado and 
                      la villita. we thoroughly enjoyed the boat tour of the 
                      riverwalk. finally your restaurant recommendations were 
                      bang on and we particularly enjoyed boudros and paesanos. 
                      thanks again and we hope to visit san antonio again.




  






and another unsolicited comment from 
                      ashley:

  i am so grateful 
                      that i stumbled upon your website when doing searches on 
                      san antonio.  i most utilized your website for the hotel 
                      selection (we went with omni la mansion del rio) and you 
                      would have thought it was the texas bible as much as i put 
                      trust in the recommendations (apparently, you sounded like 
                      you knew what you were talking about).  we also referenced 
                      your itinerary and found it very helpful.  i would 
                      recommend you adding to your itinerary the new part of the 
                      riverwalk that was recently opened up (and if you get to 
                      the top of the river (the new part) right at 8:30 p.m. 
                      then you can see the bats.  we suggested to the riverboat 
                      tour folks to offer a bat tour where you are guaranteed to 
                      see the bats since we boarded a riverboat at 7:15 at 
                      landry's and didn't get to the top of the river until 8:45 
                      missing the bats.  an official bat tour would guarantee 
                      you to see the bats.  nonetheless, loved your site and 
                      have already recommended it to others.  thanks for 
                      providing this for us tourists.



 i give suggestions of what
        to see and, most importantly, what not to see.  which hotels to
        stay in and which to avoid.  i'll
        tell you at which restaurants the locals go to eat and where we wouldn't be caught
        dead.  and, as a native, i know well the downtown area, the tourist
        attractions and the riverwalk; so i'll steer you away from the
                not so safe areas.
  








 













san
                        antonio
                         hotels
                        &
                        other
                        lodging

















my
                        suggested
                        itinerary






 
                         








the
                        best
                         san antonio
                         riverwalk links

















 
read what the new york times has to
                  
                  say about san antonio.



stop!  wait just one moment!  slow down.  let me 
        guess, you are google searching for san antonio information and somehow 
        stumbled upon my site.  this site is not easy to find as the 
        competition for the words "san antonio" is terrific.  now that 
        you're here go get a cup of coffee, put on something comfortable and sit 
        back and peruse the site.  you don't need to go anywhere else.  
        i've got everything covered here that you will want or need.  so 
        quit your speed reading through the web and just relax for a moment.  
there's a whole lot to see, read about and absorb in this web site. 
        i've made it as complete as possible, a one stop shop.  if you 
        can't find reference to something here, it's just not worth doing.  
        really, don't waste any more time searching for info on the web.  
        every link necessary is found here.  and, if you
        have any questions, no matter how far out they are, post them on my ask
        me any question bulletin board.  i, or perhaps someone else, will answer them there.
so let's dig in:  here's some links to start you off:

a listing of well located downtown
                    hotels
my personal hotel recommendations
here's a very useful map
                    of downtown hotels
list of attractions i
                    recommend.
a few very fine eating establishments. 
                    also see the miscellany page
                    for  links to city wide polls of the best eating places in
                    san antonio, including places along the river walk.
 
my suggested itinerary for a visit,
                    made for one to three day visits.
schedule of upcoming events
a page of great links you might
                    find useful.
site map.


 
 
back to top
















things
                 to
                do








 







hungry?
                try these
                places








 








ask
                me any question about 
                san antonio






 





























copyright © 2010, 2009, 2008, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004, 2003 by tom woodley. all rights reserved.
if something in this web doesn't work, if a link has been moved, etc. let me
know right away.
for problems or questions regarding this web contact webwizard.

[ home ] [ guide book ] [ map ] [ things to do ] [ getting around ] [ lodging info ] [ restaurants ] [ event schedule ] [ sug. itineraries ] [ miscellany ] [ useful  links ] [ site map ] [ any questions? ] [ about me ]


