

photo tours to europe, british isles, iceland, new zealand, south america, asia, canada and the united states
















 










iceland photography tour  |  
			september 1st to september 13th, 2025


click anywhere on the text for details









new zealand spring  |  december 4th 
			to december 16th, 2025


click anywhere on the text for details







 






		 

		 

		 







		 





		 




		 




 




		 

 

 

 

 




 

 


 


 















the real voyage of discovery 
consists not in seeking new landscapes, 
but in having new eyes. 

marcel proust



















introduction      


calendar      


galleries      

q and a       

photo how-to      


feedback      


legal stuff      


about us      


contact      


site map      


enroll      

newsletter






 

















 







these images represent our upcoming photography 
tours in calendar order. click on the destination that interests you to open the brochure, or go 
directly to our 
calendar of photo 
tours






 









introduction to travel images photography tours

travel images photography tours is a photography 
tour and photo travel specialist that, since 1988, has been synonymous with guided small 
group photography trips and workshops.

we specialize in domestic and international photo travel, and are a full 
time 'client first', and 'photography first' photo tour entity with group sizes 
ranging in size from 3 to 8 travelers. our slightly larger groups, 8 to 12 
travelers, are confined to south america, asia, or our customized 'by request' photography trips for 
groups of friends, camera clubs and so on.

the 
introduction to travel images photography tours is continued 

here




 





 


 





 

 
 

 
 

 
 


 




 




 



 


 

 
 

 
 

 
 


 

 
 

 
 

 
 


 

 
 

 
 

 
 


 
 

 
 

							 




client review by donna brawner, seguin, texas
 

 
 




								client feedback page


 




for anybody who wants to improve their photography skills at any level, these 
are the photography tours you should take!

i have taken at least six photography tours with travel images, and they just get better 
and better. on every trip i learn new techniques regarding composition, 
exposure, and how to shoot what are new subjects for me.

i taught photography for 34 years in a texas high school, but i never had the time to actually to go out and shoot, say, 
animals in the wild. this is what i love about john baker’s tours. i had the 
‘book knowledge’, but john showed me how to go beyond that in practical terms. 
the results over the years have been beyond my wildest expectations, with many 
of my images looking like a pro had shot them!

for those of you who are just starting out in photography, or feel that you 
might ask ‘dumb’ questions, put those apprehensions aside. most folk on 
photography tours are willing to learn, and john makes it easy to ask questions 
while suggesting practical ways to improve your pictures. also, don't be 
apprehensive about having the latest equipment as you’ll be treated equally whether you have a point and shoot, pro 
		equipment, or something in-between. 

the locations and subsequent photography are extremely pleasing to me, but the 
camaraderie among the other photo travelers is even better. another great point 
about travel images tours is their willingness to ‘detour’. we were in brittany, 
france, and had some extra time. we were close to fontevraud abbey in france, an 
historical location i had wanted to see for decades because eleanor of aquitaine 
was buried there. john willingly added the detour, and i could not get out of 
that van fast enough when we arrived. that was also one of the most memorable 
moments of my tours with him, and the normandy, brittany and loire valley 
photography tour is one everyone should take!

like everyone, the cost of tours always comes into play. this is how i look at 
it. most photography tours are large groups and you don't get to know your 
fellow travelers, much less exchange ideas, whereby travel images averages just 
4 to 7 travelers. also, with larger groups you, don't have as much one-on-one 
mentoring from a professional like john.

		secondly, most tours will strictly adhere to their time schedule, and 
		they might not care if you capture the shot you have dreamed about. one 
often hears “it’s time to get 
back on the bus!” they also aren't going to make detours to take advantage of 
any opportunities of light and events that might present themselves.

thirdly, the tours include accommodations, breakfast, lunch on day one and 
dinner on the last evening, plus you’re being ‘chauffeured’ to the best 
locations at the ideal times for awe inspiring images. all that, and your own 
photography teacher.

what else could you ask for from a photography tour? take a tour, and you'll be 
hooked like i am! my next tour with travel images is this coming october, and i 
can't wait! 


 



donna brawner, seguin, texas

 

 

 




								client feedback page



 
 

 
 

							 





 


 



         

         
															
									



 


 







 


 







 



 







 











		 

























 





 





facebook   
                    youtube   
smugmug



 











travel images photography tours: guided landscape, natural history, macro and wildlife photography tours



email  
|  phone: [+1] 208-559-8248  |  postal: travel images, p.o. box 939, middleton, idaho 83644-0939




copyright © 1988 - 2025, travel images photography tours and john baker photographer llc. all rights reserved. take note that all images are strictly copyrighted.




 

