 



home - boxing for fitness



















































































 





















home
what we offer
gallery
useful information
contact
 

home
what we offer
gallery
useful information
contact
 











home - boxing for fitness
gym, gyms near me, exercise, boxing, fitness, boxing fitness, workout, weight-loss weight loss, core, strength, training, personal trainer, personal training, pt, altitude training, perth boxing
5
home,page-template,page-template-full_width,page-template-full_width-php,page,page-id-5,ajax_fade,page_not_loaded,, vertical_menu_transparency vertical_menu_transparency_on,qode-title-hidden,qode_grid_1300,footer_responsive_adv,qode-child-theme-ver-1.0.0,qode-theme-ver-10.1.1,wpb-js-composer js-comp-ver-5.0.1,vc_responsive


 
perth’s only boxing gym with a dedicated altitude chamberunwanted weight to shift?scroll down to see how we can helpdoes your core need some love?scroll down to see how we can helplacking in the fitness department?scroll down to see how we can help / 4  / 4 


 


 




welcome to our boxing gym




we are a boxing gym that provides fitness training for our members who represent all fitness levels and walks of life. the time tested benefits of boxing training are evident in the results achieved!

 


 




boxing




a typical boxer’s physique is toned and defined without a lot of bulk and that’s why it’s perfect if you really want to tone up. this is because punching is a fast repetitive action that produces toned taut muscles, in contrast to the slow, controlled, very heavy movements involved in body-building or weight lifting that produce size or bulk.

 


 










 










 




weight loss




boxing can easily burn as much as 500 calories per session. boxing however, has an additional benefit thanks to the fact that it is high intensity training. you see, when performing high intensity training, you not only burn heaps of calories during the session, but for hours after the training session has ended. typical cardio activities do not have this post training calorie burning effect. hence, boxing is your best friend when it comes to losing weight.

 


 




strength and fitness




boxing is the ultimate full body workout. correctly thrown punches use your legs, hips, glutes, core, obliques, back, shoulders, chest and arms. punching against resistance causes all of these muscles to contract with more force and speed, developing further your strength and power.

 


 













what our clients say

 


a big thank you to everyone in the bff fam, including rab and tania. 
to think of how far i've come since starting here not only physically but mentally too! 
robbie and dave thanks for the continued encouragement, words of advice and for making me realise what i am capable of. 
looking forward to an exciting 2017, much love! ememi walked through the doors at boxing for fitness in 2010 tagging along with a friend and never looked back. boxing for fitness isn't just a boxing gym, it's a family. robbie and tania welcome everyone as if they were long time friends and it's a service you rarely see these days. boxing for fitness is rich with professional boxing history and one of the few places where you will trained by someone that has actually boxed at an elite level. if you're after a fun, family friendly gym and looking to shred the weight, then this is the place.tiana huntwithout rob and this gym i would never have reached any of my fitness goals. its a great place, run by a great guy.simon lovelli've been doing boxing for fitness for 10 years, it's helped me become fitter, stronger and is a great stress relief. love the core workouts. great classes and awesome trainers. it's highly addictive!di woodforda big thank you to robbie, tania and team at boxing for fitness. after 17 years you may think that motivation to train for 1 hour a day, 5 days a week would have you burned out and tired - think again. this is the best cardio and full body workout around, and all in a friendly and safe environment. definitely the "best in the west, that stood the test"johnny dover a year ago, when i had not long arrived in perth, i had a lot of travel weight and all round bad fitness i needed to shift. i was "open armed welcomed" in by the team who were very friendly and made me feel very comfortable within the group session. the training was just what i wanted, i could go at my own pace which picked up session by session with great results...i've recently renewed my membership at the club for another year...this place was just what i wanted and helped perth become my home thank you!!michael phillips











 copyright 2017 | 
boxing for fitness
 



 






























