

the view from here





 








sign in
sign-up










 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close














the view from here





 



pocetna strana
o meni
knjiga gostiju
kontakti
linkovi
slike raje 
o mom gradu
!!!download!!!
the view from here

come share my stories, told through pictures
as an amateur photographer, i wanted a place to display the photos that, to me, tell stories about me and about the majesty of nature. i also thought i could share a few photography tips with other amateur photographers out there, in a shared effort to improve my own skills and help you improve yours.



glimpses of venice
with 400 bridges and 114 canals, venice is a tourist's and photographer's dream. uniqueness and stories seep out of each slight bend in venice's narrow corridors and calli (paths). look on my photo pages for pictures of venice.
getting places in venice
this picture shows some of the boats that act as lifelines for the citizens of venice. venice is famous for its gondolas, which work well for traveling on shallow water, but, in reality, residents travel using motorboats--the always-black gondolas are reserved for tourists.


beginning photography tips
make sure you have the correct film for what you're trying to do. for example, 400, a faster speed, is more suitable for action shots than 200. to become more of a photographer than a person snapping pictures, do some slightly different things with your composition. for example, try placing subjects off-center, using natural lines or frames, or taking the picture from a different angle.
questions? send an e-mail
more tips
if you're interested in learning more about photography, click on the following link, and also visit my favorite links page:

let there be light
as this picture demonstrates, lighting can show the glory of the ordinary. for the best results, take pictures in the morning and evenings; the light at dawn and dusk brings depth and softness to objects and people.
www.moretips.com
















