
jewelry findings, beads and thousands of sterling silver and base metal findings at magic novelty
































      magic novelty - jewelry findings, beads and thousands of sterling silver and base metal findings








































































 



















 badge parts - clutch back
 badge parts - military bar
 badge parts - tie bar item
 badge parts - tie tack item
badge parts - flag lapel pin
 badge parts - badge pins
badge parts - badge clips
badge parts - badge frames
 badge parts - magnetic badge items
 bail -  bail
 bar and bow pins - bar pin
bar and bow pins - bow pin
 bead caps and tips   bead caps
bead caps and tips   bead tips
beads - alphabet beads
beads - fancy beads
beads - bali style beads
beads - smooth round beads
beads - corrugated/fluted beads
beads - rondelles
beads - frosted
beads - saucer
beads - diamond cut
beads - more beads
beads - filigree beads
beads - oval beads
 bell caps and upeyes bell cap
bell caps and upeyes upeyes
 bolo item - bolo item
button covers - button covers
 chain - aluminum chain
 chain - bracelet
 chain - brass footage chain
chain - steel footage chain
 chain - brass neckchains
chain - steel neckchains
 chain - precious metal footage chain
 chain - precious metal-neckchain
clasps -   magnetic
clasps -   toggles
clasps -   box clasps
clasps -   lobsters
clasps -   tube clasp
clasps -   fancy clasp
clasps -   hook and eye
clasps -   foldover clasps
clasps -   barrel clasp
 clasps -   springring
 coinholder -  coinholder
connectors and clamp end caps
 connectors and clamp connector
connectors and clamp clamps
cords and wire -  stretch magic
cords and wire -  rattail
cords and wire -  tiger tail
cords and wire -  leather
cords and wire -  suede
cords and wire -  wax cord
cords and wire -  wire
 crimps and tubing">tubing
crimps and tubing">crimps
 cufflink -  cufflink
 disc -  disc
 drop finding - drop finding
 earring items - ear clip
earring items - earring backs
 earring items - pierced kidney
earring items - fishhook earwire
earring items - lever back
 earring items - pierced post
earring items - chandelier findings
 earring items - pierced hoop
 earring items - pierced post with ball
 end bars -  bar (end neck)
 eyeglass item - eyeglass item
 filigree stamping - filigree stamping
 hair items -  barrette and hair item
 headpins and eyepins eye pin
 headpins and eyepins head pin
 hook -  hook
 joints catches and p joint and catch in
 joints catches and p coil pin in
 jumprings - oval jumprings
jumprings - round jumprings
 keychain -  keychain
 leaves -   leaf
 money clip -  money clip
 other - cage
 other - stamping
 religious fdg. -  religious fdg.
rings - finger rings
 rings - triangle
 rings - steel ring
 rings - neck ring
 scarf item -  scarf item
 screw eye - screw eye
 setting -  setting
 setting -  setting prong
 split ring -  split ring
 sweaterguard - sweaterguard
visor clips - visor clips


              magic novelty specializes in base metal findings, sterling silver 
        findings, 14k gold findings, gold filled findings, and more. we 
        manufacture and import more items than we have room to list. we also 
        tool and stamp, assemble and emboss, plate and finish, plus package many 
        of our items. 
        whether it's sterling silver, base metals or precious metals, magic 
        novelty can serve all of your wholesale jewelry needs. consult our 
        printed brochure or glance through our online catalog to see some of the 
        thousands of items we have to offer. our easy-to-use index will help you 
        to quickly find anything from beads to zipper pulls.


              magic novelty specializes in base metal findings, sterling silver 
        findings, 14k gold findings, gold filled findings, and more. we 
        manufacture and import more items than we have room to list. we also 
        tool and stamp, assemble and emboss, plate and finish, plus package many 
        of our items. 
        whether it's sterling silver, base metals or precious metals, magic 
        novelty can serve all of your wholesale jewelry needs. consult our 
        printed brochure or glance through our online catalog to see some of the 
        thousands of items we have to offer. our easy-to-use index will help you 
        to quickly find anything from beads to zipper pulls.



              magic novelty specializes in base metal findings, sterling silver 
        findings, 14k gold findings, gold filled findings, and more. we 
        manufacture and import more items than we have room to list. we also 
        tool and stamp, assemble and emboss, plate and finish, plus package many 
        of our items. 
        whether it's sterling silver, base metals or precious metals, magic 
        novelty can serve all of your wholesale jewelry needs. consult our 
        printed brochure or glance through our online catalog to see some of the 
        thousands of items we have to offer. our easy-to-use index will help you 
        to quickly find anything from beads to zipper pulls.
 











  site by netsavy.net

