







home - microsafe australia

























































home
technology

technology
certification


products

nanocyn
whizgambit


applications

by industry


about

company
media


contact us
 





select page


  
 



 



 
















pharmaceutical-grade infection control solutions.
globally approved & scientifically backed.

learn more



our nanocyn® disinfectant & sanitiser is entered into the tga-artg as a registered, hospital-grade disinfectant. it is approved to kill bacteria and viruses, including norovirus (gastro), influenza (h1n1), fungi and mould by up to 99.9999% (6-log reduction) in 30 seconds.                                        
kills & eliminates sars-cov-2 (covid-19) in an industry leading 15 seconds contact time.








partners


























fighting pandemics for almost 20 years.





microsafe® products have been in use around the world and within australia throughout all the major outbreaks – and everything in between.








pandemics & epidemics we’ve aided








countries we’re present in








industries using our products









industries

microsafe® products are intended for use across all major industries where infection control and prevention is of critical importance: 

learn more



medical/dental

aged care

education

mining



childcare

professional sports

military

facility management









our products
our nanocyn® disinfectant & sanitiser is just one of the groundbreaking products by the microsafe® group.
nanocyn® is the identical sister product to the world-renowned microsafe® disinfectant & sanitiser.
















nanocyn®
our universal, hospital grade disinfectant & sanitiser.

learn more













0-0-0-a safety rating
hypoallergenic
alcohol-free
non-toxic
non-corrosive
zero residue
non-carcinogenic
biodegradable
the microcyn® technology









 proven effectiveness against
h1n1 (influenza)
sars-cov-2 (covid-19)
norovirus (gastro) 
staphylococcus aureus (mrsa)
herpes simplex
fungi & mould
and much more

our  claims













revolutionising the way cleaning professionals operate.
nanocyn® has shown to significantly reduce the time it takes to clean and disinfect a variety of spaces, and therefore to cut associated labour costs – without compromising on the results.

user-friendly application – little to no training required
ready-made – no need for dilution or special preparation / handling
non-toxic – no need to vacate the premises

no wait times = no operational disruption – up to 40 times faster than most products on the market!















what’s new at microsafe®







100% natural disinfectant approved to kill sars-cov-2 (covid-19) in 30 seconds. 
in a landmark announcement for the microsafe group, the australian therapeutic goods administration (tga) has approved the first all-natural disinfectant of its kind in australia that kills and eliminates the coronavirus, sars-cov-2 (covid-19) in just 30 seconds contact time.
read more





first tga-registered, hospital-grade disinfectant & sanitiser of its kind receives geca certification.
in a landmark announcement for the microsafe group, good environmental choice australia ecolabel (geca) has awarded the geca certification for its groundbreaking nanocyn® disinfectant & sanitiser.
read more
 





the royal flying doctor service (queensland section) (rfds) is ensuring patient and staff safety during the pandemic through use of a newly sourced aircraft decontaminant.
while the service is well equipped to transfer infectious patients, covid-19 presented an unprecedented challenge – the sourcing of a chemical agent which was strong enough to kill the coronavirus, but not harmful to passengers or the aircraft’s avionics.
read more











phone
 +61 8 7082 3028 








email
info@microsafe.com.au








location
1/100 hutt street, 
adelaide, 5000, sa, australia






 









microsafe © 2024 all rights reserved



follow



privacy policy | terms & conditions | faq's



 






























