





home - harvard affiliated emergency medicine residencyharvard affiliated emergency medicine residency





































































 
 








menu



harvard affiliated emergency medicine residency

harvard affiliated emergency medicine residency at mass general brigham


search










residency
welcome from the program director
leadership team
current residents
clinical curriculum
partner organizations
diversity, equity & inclusion
journal club & interest academies
leadership team
 

extracurricular learning
retreats
social
apply to haemr
interview day
 

alumni
faculty
fellowships
visiting students


contact us
617-724-4068
bwhmghhaemr@partners.org
support us


 









learn a little bit more about our residency


watch our video and hear from our program leadership and residents about why we think haemr is the place for you to train for the next four years!


watch on youtube ›








what is haemr?


haemr is a four-year training program sponsored by brigham and women’s hospital and massachusetts general hospital.



read more ›








who is haemr?


our residents represent the breadth and depth of emergency medicine. our graduates go on to work in academic medical centers across the country.


read more ›








research at haemr


residents receive increasing elective time over the course of their training to explore research interests in international health, administrative leadership, medical education, pediatric emergency medicine, health policy, medical innovation, etc.


read more ›








why haemr?


boston houses many of the top healthcare training institutions in the country.  being located in the heart of the city, haemr sends our residents to multiple leading harvard medical school training institutions.


read more ›








educational mission
our goal is to provide outstanding clinical and academic training in emergency medicine. we support a variety of academic pursuits, the development of leadership skills, and the commitment and ability to care for a diverse array of patients in a skilled and compassionate manner. this is accomplished through unique educational methods, mentorship, and devotion to professionalism and community.

read more




fellowships
haemr is a national or international lead within several disciplines of emergency medicine. click the icons for more information.












international emergency medicine












ultrasound

























medical education














simulation


see all fellowships







overview of the program


hello, thank you for your interest in haemr! we combine a challenging and rewarding educational experience with the opportunity to become part of a close-knit team that offers opportunity for clinical excellence, personal and professional development, innovation, leadership, wellness and lasting friendship.
residents in the brigham and women’s/massachusetts general hospital harvard affiliated emergency medicine residency (bwh/mgh haemr) are exposed to a diverse patient population in varied environments: massachusetts general hospital, brigham and women’s hospital, boston children’s hospital and newton wellesley hospital.  patient care and supervisory responsibilities are graduated over the course of the program with our senior residents supervising, teaching and managing our busy emergency departments.graduates of our program are prepared to practice and teach emergency medicine in any setting after the wide exposure of patients encountered during their training.
we are committed to providing residents the opportunity to pursue their interests outside of the clinical space, particularly in scholarship. our 4.5 months of elective time (the first portion of which occurs in the second year) allows residents to develop and complete scholarly work during their training while enriching their academic experience in line with their ultimate career goals. our senior project day is a highlight of the academic year during which each resident showcases their accomplishments during their training. 































































































how to apply





bwh & mgh emergency medicine twitter feeds


@emres_mghbwh
@harvardem








contact us
 617-724-4068
email us




dan egan, md
program director
dan egan, md is an attending physician at the massachusetts general hospital and brigham and women’s hospital departments of emergency medicine.
email dan




kate chappell, ma
education administrator
kate chappell, ma oversees all administrative aspects of the haemr training program.  the residency administration staff are located at both mgh and bwh training sites.
email kate











 

                © 2025 harvard affiliated emergency medicine residency · privacy policy


                site by seego design



















