




  







las encinas mental health hospital is here to support our community | las encinas































skip to main content
skip to navigation







the finest care in the finest setting 




connect with us
	    




call us: 877-579-8140

enter your keywords 












aboutmanagement staff
medical staff
faqs
photo gallery
exceptional abuse care
testimonials

programsadult behavioral health services
partial hospitalization (php) and  intensive outpatient programs (iop)
chemical dependency
student restore to wellness program
downloadable brochures
adolescent behavioral health services

conditions we treatanxiety disorder
bipolar disorder
chemical dependency
depression
mental breakdown
ptsd
psychological trauma
schizophrenia
self-harm
substance abuse
suicidal ideation

detox/rehabintervention
the briar program
daily schedule

resourcesopioid faqs
support groups
links

news & eventsevents
mental health news
blog

careers
contactcontact us
teamwork
online bill pay
our other hospitals

 









 





 





 





 





 





 







 






877-579-8140
call us today for a free, confidential assessment.




warning message
this form submits changes to your default
      configuration and may need to be entered from aurora.boxcarstudiodev.com. 


the las encinas difference

care
the finest treatment in the finest setting.


commitment
to being of service to all of our patients, families and loved-ones.


compassion
treating every person with dignity and respect.


community
dedication to offering services to all members of our community.


collaboration
utilizing all available disciplines and resources to provide the best possible care.











las encinas academic affiliations
university of southern californiafuller theological seminarywest coast universityazusa pacific universityshepherd universityglendale career college








las encinas mental health hospital is here to support our community

 welcome to las encinas behavioral hospital. we offer a wide range of mental health care services, with a special focus on the treatment of psychiatric and chemical-dependency issues. our pasadena mental health hospital provides a variety of inpatient and outpatient care programs, including inpatient detox, inpatient psychiatric stabilization, chemical dependency rehabilitation, residential treatment, partial hospitalization and intensive outpatient services. we create every treatment plan specifically for each individual patient based on his or her history and situation, ensuring the best possible care, no matter what the condition.our compassionate and experienced staff is eager and willing to answer any questions you may have regarding the psychiatric and behavioral treatment options available to you or your loved one. we focus all of our programs on treating the whole person and not just the medical condition, which results in better outcomes longer-term. the recovery plans we create for every patient at our mental health hospital are designed to help people get well – and stay well.the las encinas mental health hospital has remained committed to providing respectful, quality service to the pasadena community and surrounding areas for more than 100 years. our facility is licensed by the state of california as an accredited mental health hospital. we have been named as a top performer for hospital-based, inpatient psychiatric care two years in a row by the joint commission, the leading accreditor of healthcare organizations in america. please feel free to contact las encinas behavioral hospital by phone to discuss our programs and services in detail.get an assessmentfree, confidential assessments are available 24 hours a day, seven days a week at our mental health hospital. if you are interested in an evaluation, please call 626-795-9901 or 877-579-8140 and ask for the assessment and referral department.suicide help through the jason foundationat las encinas recovery center, we are dedicated to making a difference in our community by helping individuals improve and maintain their mental health. one method of achieving this goal is educating the public about the resources that are available to them, such as through the jason foundation.youth suicide is a rising epidemic in the us. the jason foundation addresses this epidemic through various educational resources, including training programs for law enforcement, teachers, and clergy.one such educational resource available to all is their app, “a friend asks.”“a friend asks”this free smartphone app was created by the jason foundation with the intent of providing the public with access to tools and resources that can help yourself or others who may be experiencing thoughts of suicide. “a friend asks” allows you to learn more about warning signs, how to help your friends, the b1 program, and other useful information that can prove priceless for the prevention of suicide.the app is available now for both android and iphones.if you need to talk to a crisis counselor, you can text “jason” to 741741.las encinas differencelas encinas recovery center provides numerous services to help those who are struggling with their mental health, including hosting support groups and providing help with interventions for loved ones.if you would like to learn more about our services or are in need of professional help, contact us today.   

 top performer press release 







verify your insurance september - suicide awareness month
come listen to our speaker on september 17th talk about how suicide can be prevented and what we can all do to fight suicide. to rsvp email mike.fink@aurorabehavioral.comview flyer las encinas: then & now
 testimonials






    "this in the type of place that is a step above and beyond.   recently had a chance to meet the staff and check out their facilities, not to mention the calming atmosphere. their philosophy is a bit of eastern and western ideas coming together and their treatment programs seem quite impressive, working to help one deal with underlying issues rather than training one with coping skills.  different people learn and build in different ways and this can help achieve that.  

former patient

 





    "i’ve been addicted to cocaine my entire adult life. it was hard to avoid, because it was everywhere where i lived. parties, social events, you name it. until i went to las encinas hospital, i had no clue how bad it was. without the help of my "new" friends, at this place, i don't know where i would be."  

j. m.

 




see what other patients are saying about us…


 





our other locations
locations in california, chicago, illinois, tempe and glendale arizona, las vegas, nevada and multiple locations in texas.
more



treatment information
admissions process
downloadable brochures
faqs
make a referral





contact
contact information
our other hospitals







resources
support groups
links to resources

to report a patient safety event to joint commision, click here.


joint commission for accreditation of healthcare organizations







home



design by boxcar studio








