







howlin' wolf home page















          




an amazing new biography of sam phillips of sun records!



peter guralnick, one of the best american roots-music writers ever, has just released 
an outstanding new biography of memphis music trailblazer sam phillips, who 
“discovered” howlin’ wolf, ike turner, walter horton, elvis presley, 
carl perkins, johnny cash, jerry lee lewis, and roy orbison, among others. reading this book, you’ll see how 
tough and touch-and-go recording 
all these great artists was for phillips physically, psychically, and 
financially. for example, he had to sell elvis’s contract to a large record 
company for $35,000 because he needed the money to 
pay off debts to keep going. phillips always said, 
truthfully that he never regretted this decision. his alternative was to 
declare bankruptcy, and $35,000 was a huge sum in 1955--the most 
any popular singer's contract had ever garnered until then.
until the end of his life, phillips said that wolf was the most profound artist 
he ever worked with, and he wanted to record wolf until either of them died. he 
never got that chance because wolf left sun records to record for chess records 
in chicago in 
1954. losing wolf was the biggest disappointment of his career, phillips 
said--far worse than losing elvis to a bigger label. that tells you all you 
need to know about what he thought of wolf’s talent.
peter guralnick’s book is the definitive book about the startling 
story of sam phillips and the birth of rock 
‘n’ roll. it’s well worth reading for anyone who loves american music. as 
someone put it, phillips recorded “a millennium’s worth of music in 10 years,” 
and popular music has never been the same. 
wolf and warhorse!


“pvt. chester arthur burnett, picket line troop g, 9th cavalry 
	(colored) from aberdine, mississippi, cleaning frog of horse, while staff 
	sgt. columbus rudisal, goffney, s.c., looks on. sgt. rudisal is directing 
	troop g, 9th cavalry, 4th brigade. sept. 12, 1941.”
thus reads the caption next to a photo of legendary 
	bluesman howlin’ wolf that we 
	recently stumbled across on a
	
	u.s. army history web site. this photo has apparently been on the 
	internet for 
	many years, and we’re the first to notice that 
	it includes howlin’ wolf. 
amazingly, this is one of the earliest photos of howlin’ wolf 
	ever taken, long before he was world-famous as a blues singer. in the photo, 
	wolf is cleaning the frog of a horse’s hoof. that’s the 
	v-shaped, relatively soft part of a horse’s hoof, which can make the 
	horse lame if a pebble, stick, or burr gets embedded in it. as a blues-loving wit said, paraphrasing sonny boy williamson #2, "he's not 
	fattening frogs for snakes!"
the photo was taken while wolf was a cavalryman during the louisiana 
	maneuvers, a series of mock battles conceived by general george marshall 
	and led by generals george patton, omar bradley, mark clark, and soon-to-be 
	general dwight eisenhower. marshall said, “i want our mistakes made in 
	louisiana, not in europe.” patton perfected his tank maneuvers for world war 
	ii here, saying, “if we can take these tanks through louisiana, we can take them through hell.”
the maneuvers were called the “big one” because they 
	involved more than 350,000 men in the largest military exercises ever held 
	in the u.s. it was the last time the u.s. military took the cavalry 
	seriously as a weapon of war.
not only that, but the 9th cavalry regiment with which wolf 
served was famous as of the original "buffalo 
soldier" units. 
so wolf was already one of the last u.s. cavalrymen, one of the last buffalo 
soldiers, and one of the greatest bluesmen ever, all at the age of 31. 
to see where we found this photo, visit this page 
	and see the fifth photo from the bottom: 

	www.history.army.mil/photos/wwii/maneuvers/maneuvers.htm
to read more about the lousiana maneuvers, visit this page:
	

	www.historynet.com/louisiana-maneuvers-1940-41.htm

read “moanin’ 
at midnight” —the first and only 
biography of the great howlin’ wolf —a blues hall of fame inductee as “a classic 
of blues literature”!


answers almost every who, what, and why about the blues 
giant.” - national public radio
“an insightful—and long overdue—look at an utterly unique and 
influential performer.”- the houston chronicle
“a superb biography of the bluesman sam phillips thought 
could have changed rock ’n’ roll history.”- mojo magazine
read more book reviews here!


click to 
hear a story on npr about the howlin’ wolf biography.
(click 
the listen button at the upper-left corner of the page.)





click here 
or on the image above to see howlin’ wolf on film!

more than 35 years ago, howlin’ wolf 
predicted the first black president:
“you know, they called us ‘coons’—said we didn’t have no 
sense.you gonna wake up one morning, and a coon’s gonna be the president.”
—“coon on the moon” from the back door wolf, recorded in 1973 and 
written by wolf's band leader, eddie shaw

we’re 
  always 
  looking for unpublished photos, unseen or unheard film, video, and sound 
  clips, and first-person stories of and about howlin’ wolf!
  if you have any of these or know someone else who does, please contact
  mark hoffman.  thanks!
this site is maintained by mark hoffman, 
    co-author with
    
    james segrest of 
    moanin’ at midnight: the life and times of howlin’ wolf,
    the first biography of the legendary bluesman. if you wish to share 
    your stories about the wolf with us, please email mark 
    or
    james.

