






austin tx movers & storage | cheap local & long distance moving company






































skip to content













menu
home
about us
contact us
nationwide moving services

























 


how to pack your kitchen breakables to survive the move

posted on may 11, 2018may 7, 2018 by kennedyt pack kitchen breakables 


it’s probably happened to you or someone you know. to save money and time, you decide to wrap your breakable items yourself. when they arrive at your destination, too many of them are broken. indeed, some of them have been reduced to powder. the most frustrating thing is you can’t blame the movers because you packed the items yourself. what can you do the next time to make sure your breakables survive your move, whether it is down the street or to the other side of the planet?
plan ahead
of course, everyone knows not to start packing on the day of their move, but how soon should the breakables be packed? the time to order supplies is about a month before the move, and once the supplies arrive the packing should begin. in the end, the household should be left with disposable dinnerware and paper towels and napkins for the first night in the new home.
necessary moving supplies for packing breakables are:

boxes: boxes made for drinkware come with partitions for extra safety.
box cutters
packing tape and mailing tape
labels
blank newsprint. though some people use it without a problem, avoid newspaper because the ink can smudge the items. blank newsprint can come in large rolls so you can tear off the amount you need.
tissue paper
magic markers
scissors

how to prepare the box
put the box together, then secure the bottom with packing tape. crumple some newsprint, and place it in the bottom of the box. movers seattle recommends padding enough that you can’t feel the cardboard. place even more paper into the corners. wrap the breakables and put them in the box. do not crowd them, but leave enough room to add more crumpled newsprint between them. however, make sure there are enough items in the box so that it doesn’t collapse if another box needs to be stacked on top it. fill it up with more newsprint or an old towel.
shut the box, tape the seams, and label it. the label should have the room where the items belong and your name. make sure to add “fragile: this side up.” put the label on the side of the box so it can be easily seen.
how to pack breakables
stuff hollowware such as vases, glasses, and cups with crumpled newsprint. if the item has a stem or handle, wrap them in more newsprint. put them upright in the box, and cushion them with more newsprint or bubble wrap.
to pack dishes, put one in the center of a stack of newsprint. fold the corners of the newsprint over the plate until it is completely covered. put another plate on top of that, fold the newsprint over and continue. then, these affordable bellevue local movers recommend turning the stack upside down, and wrapping and sealing the entire stack or put into a bubble wrap bag. place the dishes on edge in a small, well-padded box. add more bundles of dishes until the box is snug, cushion them with more crumpled newsprint, and tape the box shut.
by following these steps, your fragile housewares have better odds of surviving your move, whether you’re moving in-town or cross-country. for more helpful moving and packing tips check out the rest of our blog.







 


what packing materials you need for your move & where to buy them

posted on march 19, 2018may 7, 2018 by kennedyt packing materials 


moving can take an emotional toll on you, your family, and even your pet. however, it’s possible to lessen the stress by preparing for your move in advance. gathering packing supplies is one of the easiest ways to prep for your move. when you’re ready to pack, you’ll already have all or most of the supplies you need. here are some common packing supplies and where to find them.
cardboard boxes
if nothing else, you need boxes to hold your belongings. packing boxes are available in all shapes and sizes. some are heavy duty, and some are lightweight, and you’ll need an assortment of both.
you can buy boxes from office supply stores and home improvement stores. but, as this moving company atlanta points out, you can also get free boxes from retail stores and grocery stores. other options for free boxes include office buildings, friends and family, and schools. as a precaution, avoid boxes that were used for storing raw meat.

permanent markers
permanent markers are great for labeling boxes. you can label each box based on the room to which it belongs. unpacking is easier when every box lets you know where it belongs. permanent markers are readily available at office supply stores and any store that sells office supply products.
packing tape
you’ll need heavy duty tape and lots of it. the tape used for gift wrapping won’t cut it. you need tape specifically for reinforcing and sealing boxes. the tape will also come in handy for securing fragile items wrapped in bubble wrap. packing tape is available wherever office supplies and packing supplies are sold.
bubble wrap
bubble wrap is perfect for wrapping fragile items. dishes, glasses, silverware, and electronics are less likely to get damaged when protected by bubble wrap. large, fragile items, such as wall mirrors, can benefit from bubble wrap as well.
if a fragile item is too large for a box, then simply seal it securely with bubble wrap. use enough wrap to protect the item from damage. also, remember to secure the wrap in place with packing tape. bubble wrap is sold at office supply stores and mailing centers. most children love popping bubble wrap, so store it out of reach of little hands.
anti-static styrofoam peanuts
styrofoam peanuts are also known as packing peanuts. they’re useful for filling space within a box. for example, maybe you’ve got a box of odds and ends that don’t fill the box. you can stuff packing peanuts in the box to keep the items from bumping together. some people use newspaper or packing paper, but most professional movers recommend anti-static packing peanuts. the peanuts are relatively inexpensive and sold where office and shipping supplies are sold.

get the job done
you’ve got your supplies; now it’s time to start packing. you’ll find the task more comfortable and more enjoyable when the packing supplies are readily accessible.







 


top tips to estimate your long distance moving costs

posted on march 15, 2018may 11, 2018 by kennedyt long distance moving costs 


moving your household long distance is no small feat. there are a lot of things to plan. you have to clean your home, pack your things, contact utility companies and moving companies, and notify people of your address change. there are also a lot of costs associated with moving. before you dive in, it would help to have a reasonable estimate of what those costs are going to be, so that you can plan accordingly. to help you figure out how much it will cost you to move long distance, here are a few things to think about.

do-it-yourself vs. full-service movers
one of the things you will have to decide on pretty quickly is whether you are going to hire a truck and move things yourself or if you are going to hire a professional mover. the diy option is cheaper than the full-service mover. a professional moving company, however, means less hassle. you do not have to figure out where to park the beast of a truck when you stop someplace for the night.
truck rentals
when you rent a truck, the price is determined by the size of the truck. there is usually a daily rental rate for the truck as well as a set price for every mile you drive that truck. when you are going a long distance, however, they may simply give you an allowed mileage when you rent the truck and then charge you for any miles you go over that allowance.
professional movers
professionals charge per weight of household goods in a long distance move. expect to pay about .70 cents per 1000 miles for every pound. that does not include fees for packing your things into boxes. if that is a service you would like to buy, expect to pay $25 to $35 per hour. also, if you feel that your movers did a good job, you can offer an extra 10% to 15% as a tip. to find cheap long distance moving services, we recommend getting quotes from 3-4 major carriers, then comparing rates. then make sure they have licensing and insurance.
gas
if you are traveling cross-country, you will be using quite a bit of gas. it is a good idea to go online to see what gas prices are in the places you will be passing through. then, calculate the total gas needed based on your vehicle’s fuel economy.
hotels
if you are traveling cross-country, chances are good you will have to stop somewhere for the night. if you plan your trip carefully, you can save money by booking your hotels ahead of time. not only will you save money, but you will also not be surprised by walk-in hotel rates. try using apps like expedia or hotels.com to compare rates on hotels along your route. or try an alternative like airbnb if you’re traveling with a large group.
food
most people do not think about food when they calculate moving costs, but eating on the road can add up. you can mitigate those costs by packing a cooler and picnicking for lunch. also, set a reasonable limit per person for each meal you expect to buy when you are traveling.

moving is expensive enough. moving long distance is even more expensive. being able to figure out your expenses before you get started can help you save money as well as saving your wallet from unwelcome surprises.







 


what to do before moving out of state

posted on march 7, 2018 by kennedyt moving out 


moving from your home is an exciting but sometimes overwhelming task. moving long distance adds another level of complexity to this already intensive undertaking. however, your next big move does not have to be stressful. by following a few simple pre-move steps, you will have a lot more confidence in your preparation and be free […]







 


best way to get rid of old furniture before your move

posted on february 20, 2018december 22, 2021 by kennedyt getting rid of old furniture 


if you are getting ready to move then you are likely in serious downsizing mode. that means get rid of everything that you have no use for and things that you have not used in at least a year. if you are planning on getting new furniture when you get to your new place, then there is no reason to keep the old furniture. but how do you get rid of it? here are a few suggestions.

sell
if your furniture is still in serviceable condition, then you may be able to earn a little bit of money by selling it. you could hold a garage sale or put it up on craigslist. there are also some apps such as letgo that can help you sell your stuff to interested buyers as well. make sure to clean things well before photographing them for an online sale. for upholstered items, it may be worthwhile to rent a steam cleaner to freshen them up.
give away
if your furniture is in good enough condition to use but you aren’t sure about selling it, or you know someone who could use it, then offer it to family or friends. perhaps you know a needy college student or young couples who could use the pieces you are getting rid of. make sure your items are clean and then offer them out. with any luck, the person who gets it will be able to come and get it and transport it themselves. this means getting rid of your furniture without having to pay for its disposal. you also improve your karma in the process.
donate
if you know of a charity that is looking for donations, your gently used piece could go to help a worthwhile cause. your old couch or dresser may find a place in a homeless shelter. or, your dinette set could bring in a little cash for goodwill. it does not matter where it goes. what matters is that your old furniture is getting a second life and supporting a worthy cause at the same time. some charities such as goodwill make sure to clean furniture before putting it on the floor. some do not. it would be a nice gesture on your part to clean it up for the next user. they are hauling this stuff away for you, after all.
if you can’t find a charity that offers free donation pick-up, find a moving company to do it. for example, college hunks hauls to goodwill for a fee.
throw away
when you have no other option or your furniture is beyond repair, you may just have to throw it out. many trash services will not take large pieces of furniture, but austin movers recommend checking to see if your city has bulk pick up days. you may have to break it down to get your trash service to take it. if you do not want to break it down, then you will have to pay to have it hauled away.

when you are getting ready to move, getting rid of unwanted stuff will make packing simpler. having fewer things is also likely to make the move less expensive. getting rid of furniture, because it is so big, is likely to accomplish both objectives. these suggestions should be able to help you figure out how to get rid of your unwanted furnishings.







 


how to organize your new garage on a tight budget

posted on february 6, 2018 by kennedyt new garage 


nothing says “welcome to your new home” like piles of boxes everywhere. chances are, even after you have unpacked and settled in, you will still notice that your garage looks like a small tornado has blown through it, leaving items piled up in random places and making things like screwdrivers and nails almost impossible to […]









search for:



follow us

recent posts


how to pack your kitchen breakables to survive the move


what packing materials you need for your move & where to buy them


top tips to estimate your long distance moving costs


what to do before moving out of state


best way to get rid of old furniture before your move


find your home 








		

		© 2025. kennedy movers. all rights reserved.
privacy notice















