










the leading fabricator & installer of high-end glass


































































































 







toggle navigation





 about us 

 people
 kga in the media
 clients
 blog


 contract glazing 

 for architects
 preconstruction
 materials tracking
 project management
 installation services


 fabrication 

 for architects
 fabrication services
 plant tour
 glass doors
 specialty products
 demountable wall systems


commercial service 

glass service request form
replacement glass
glass cough guards
servicing glass doors


 success stories 

 success stories
 project spotlights


 contact us 

 get kga news
 locations


 work for us
 












kensington glass arts, inc. the leading fabricator and installer of high-end interior  architectural glass in the baltimore-washington area. 
learn more lets go 






the leading fabricator & installer of high-end glass

kensington glass arts, inc. is the leading fabricator and installer of high-end interior architectural glass in the baltimore-washington region with the best lead times in the business.
fully 70 percent of what we install, we produce ourselves. the list of our competitors who can legitimately make the same claim is a short one…like zero.
with over 120,000 square feet between our five facilities and approximately 250 employees, either we’ll have what it takes to conquer the challenge, or we’ll figure it out.
from here, you can learn more about both our fabrication and installation operations as well as see examples of our work. 












kensington glass arts inc
2194 urbana pike
ijamsville, md 21754
240-514-5200


[addthis tool=addthis_horizontal_follow_toolbox]


fabrication services
glass fabrication for architects
plant tour
kga’s commercial service division
glass installation services
preconstruction
contact us















kensington glass arts, inc.
the leading fabricator of architectural glass in the washington-baltimore area.
kensington glass arts (kga), based in ijamsville, maryland and sterling, virginia, has officially completed the process of sunsetting their contract glazing division.
this strategic move is aimed at concentrating all company resources and efforts on their glass fabrication division, which has been highly successful since its establishment in 2002. the glass fabrication division specializes in the fabrication of heavy tempered and laminated glass, catering to various aspects of the architectural industry. their products include fabricated glass for kitchen and bath, architectural interior and exterior glazing systems, handrails, balustrades, and various commercial glazing applications.
kga has chosen to maintain the technical and engineering expertise they have developed over thirty-five years in the industry, which includes the installation of a wide range of glazing in commercial projects. this expertise has been restructured into what is now known as the technical sales team. the role of this team is to enhance the company's fabrication and sales processes by providing complex glass and hardware packages, which include shower door hardware and various types of glass doors, as well as offering unique hardware to complement their glass sales.
kga's extensive experience as a commercial glazier allows them to offer unparalleled customer service and logistical support. they are committed to delivering high-quality, fabricated glass products with aggressive lead times to clients in the glazing, shower door, and architectural sectors on the east coast. the company believes that by transitioning to a dedicated glass fabrication business model, they will be able to focus more effectively on their work, expand their geographical reach, and provide a level of service and support that is uncommon in the industry. this shift is expected to address common challenges such as lead times, logistics, and quality issues that are faced by glass shops, commercial glaziers, and glass wall dealers.
find out more contact us
















