


vintage gas museum - filling station images, gas pumps & signs







      
 


 vintage 
        gas museum

click on the icons on the top of this page to
        browse through the image categories of our
        museum featuring old gas pumps, advertising
        globes, oil cans, photos of classic gas stations
        and other nostalgic images from vintage gas
      stations
virtual museum image 
        gallery
links web sites we recommend
contact us

 
 

        don sherwood
        and grandsons
  
 

the first of its type, this virtual museum is dedicated 
        to the preservation of gas station history. in this museum, you will see 
        photographs of old gas stations and the equipment needed for their operation. 
        separate albums will assist the visitor in viewing old gas pumps, the 
        advertising globes found on the tops of many of these pumps, the oil cans 
        from many different companies, and other articles associated with the 
        daily operation of the gas station.
although many of the items for view in this museum are in 
        my personal collection, this virtual museum is the compilation of images 
        gathered from many sources. my second family is a group of collectors, 
        who are highly motivated to saving the history of the gas station. on 
        a daily basis, these men and women join each other to offer advice on 
        restorations, how to locate the parts needed for that special project, 
        share stories of their latest finds, and to dream about the next big addition 
        to their collection. 
many of these friends have provided images that helped me 
        build this museum. none of these items are for sale through this site. 
        it is simply a view into the past by those of us, who love the hobby. 
      
i hope that by visiting this museum, some wonderful old 
        memories will come flooding back to you. if you check the section of “links”, 
        you will be directed to other great sites that share our interest. the 
        grand daddy of them all is www.oldgas.com , where the collectors gather 
        daily. on that site, you will find other collectors listed by state, a 
        free classified section, and companies that supply parts for a restoration 
        that you might be involved in. 
as i’m always looking for items to add to this museum, 
        i’ve provided a “contact us” link, where you can let 
        me know if you have an item for sale. 
thanks for visiting, and please come back.
don sherwood,
        the vintage gas museum

 copyright © 2008 vintage 
        gas museum 
        all rights reserved. permission required.
        web design & hosting by wwwgarage.com
      listed in the oldgas.com directory
  
  




