






ncom - the official north carolina odyssey of the mind website

 
 
 

 











 
                            north carolina official web site












western region


northern region


central region


eastern region


coastal region






















celebrating 43 years of creativity!




our mission: north carolina odyssey of the mind is a statewide 501 (c)(3) non-profit educational organization that hosts ste(a)m-inspired, 
	creative problem-solving competitions for k-12 and university students to help every young north carolinians find their passion, build their confidence and 
	transform into the leaders of tomorrow.
	



  








volunteer for state tournament
check this space to volunteer at the ncom state tournament on march 22 in jacksonville, nc.








save the dates!
plan ahead! check out this space for state and regional tournament dates & locations!  








explore your options
are you a builder? a writer? performer? pick a problem, find your passion! watch this video for the new 2024-2025 problems!







stem initiative 
							
see how odyssey of the mind is providing stem/steam, academic standards, and 21st century skill initiatives through creative problem solving!
							







member resources team portal
current members can access by logging in to the member resources team portal here...







join the creative fun
if you are not a member yet, make a quick visit here and get your membership started today!







which problem will you solve?
check this space out for a summary description of this year's new 2024-2025 problems!






ncom regions
nc's100 counties are broken down into five regions. click this link to see in which region your team will compete.






state board and officers
our board members plan and implement our activities and competitions. here is a description of their positions and contact information.






scholarship application

we will be awarding college scholarships this year! review this space for qualifications and an application.






program guide
the program guide is a must read document for every team member and coach. it contains the general rules for competition.






regional events
whether you are looking for a coaches' training, spontaneous fair, or a regional tournament, the dates and locations are listed here.







pin guidelines
pins are great fun to trade and collect.  check this space for information on purchasing official ncom pins for world, or creating new team pins.







the odyssey of the mind shop
here's another great place to shop for odyssey world support materials, books, pins, apparel, and accessories!






facebook groups
click these links:


							ncom state group


							central region group


							eastern region group






were you an omer?
join odyssey of the mind's alumni organization and keep in touch! check this space for details.






donate to ncom!
ncom is a 501c3 non profit organization. we can accept your charitable donation through paypal! check this space for details.













find out more
odyssey of the mind (om) teaches students how to develop and use their natural creativity to become problem-solvers. om also emphasizes teamwork, budgeting, time management, public speaking, and so much more. 
learn more about om! 




get started
there's nothing like an odyssey competition! colorful costumes, innovative design, humorous scripts and more all combine in a fierce but friendly competition. teams show off their creative ideas and appreciate other's!
get started here






contact info
have more questions?  we are here to help! e-mail the north carolina director carolyn braly at ncomdirector@gmail.com or contact the national headquarters at info@odysseyofthemind.com or call (856) 256-2797.








ncom state finals coach submitted photos


                

                

                
                
                 




                "never say you can't. say you can but it will be difficult" - dr. sam (founder of om)





