









home - isle of palms resort

































































we look forward to welcoming you back - we are covid-19 safe!

 m





 








home
accommodation
facilities
permanent rentals
currumbin beach accommodation

location
tours


contact us

reviews
blog
faq


book now
 


select page


 
 
 



 



 















isle of palms accommodation - lakeside holiday resort near palm beach











book online



arrival


feb




departure


feb




guests


1


person



check availability










followfollow

phoneemail







isle of palms

tucked away in the tropical island cove of pine lake elanora, isle of palms accommodation offers absolute tranquility on the gold coast with a range of fully self-contained townhouses and villas just 3 kilometres from palm beach qld.
experience a true home away from home at isle of palms resort – our two-storey townhouses are ideal for families and large groups, featuring 2, 3 or 4 bedrooms, spacious open-plan living areas with full kitchens and the choice of either a private garden or waterfront deck on the sparkling lake’s edge.
for guests and residents, the resort also boasts exclusive onsite facilities that include two swimming pools, two heated spas, two full-size tennis courts, undercover barbecue areas, a lakefront function room, games room and more.
providing peace and quiet in a picturesque lakeside location just 5 minutes from palm beach and currumbin beach, isle of palms offers a holiday on the gold coast like no other, as well as the perfect venue setting for catered weddings, functions and special occasions.
hoping to stay in paradise a little longer? permanent rentals are also available.

book today – we look forward to welcoming you here at isle of palms accommodation








book your stay









explore our accommodation



choose from a stunning range of fully self-contained townhouses and villas that offer absolute relaxation in a secluded lakeside resort








the neighbourhood



surrounded by the sparkling waters of pine lake elanora, close to everything the sophisticated, laid-back southern gold coast has to offer








local attractions



gold coast family attractions, stunning beaches and world class theme parks are not to be missed whilst staying with us at isle of palms










our rooms






4 bedroom waterfront townhouse
our apartments








4 bedroom villa with private pool
our apartments








3 bedroom deluxe waterfront townhouse
our apartments








two & three bedroom waterfront townhouse
our apartments








two & three bedroom garden townhouse
our apartments












me and my family had a wonderful stay at the resort, the ladies at the reception were so friendly and very helpful towards our stay. i loved the fact that we could purchase our theme park tickets at the reception of the resort. we will definatly recommend the resort and will be back to stay again this time next year.marley hampsoni have just returned home after a pleasant stay at the isle of palms resort. the rooms were comfortable and clean, my only comment would be that they had the “closed up” smell when first arriving, but that didn’t hang around long and was forgotten after the first night.
the area felt safe and the convenient location to the pines shopping centre was really helpful when returning later than expected. lucy at reception was brilliant to deal with, she was prompt, helpful and always friendly. lucy is a great asset to the resort. thank you very much for a great stay.
wiki.wiki powerwe recently stayed at isle of palms resort with our 2 children and my parents. we thoroughly enjoyed our experience staying here. the water front apartment was perfect for the 6 of us, plenty of room and was nice and clean. we could cook our meals in the well appointed kitchen (with diswasher!) and use the bbq’s provided close by. the kids really loved swimming every day at the 2 pools onsite. the pines shopping centre was fantastic, had everything we needed and was only 5 minutes walk from the resort. we particularly liked the security gates and staff were extremely helpful, making check in hassle free. we would definitely stay again.
the resort itself was only 20 – 30 mins drive from the theme parks and we liked the fact that we could get away out of the over populated areas and return back to a more relaxed and laid back area of the coast. thumbs up!katrina andrewi had a great time at isle of palms in august. i stayed in unit 41 from 18th august for 9 nights. i visit gold coast every year, but this was my first stay at isle of palms.
reception staff were very kind and friendly, the location is perfect!
i came back to japan, and i talked about my experience at isle of palms. i recommend my friends to stay here and of course i will be back to stay here again.
it’s my home in australia!iocessit was amazing and close to everything including the pines shopping centre. i would happily stay there again.isabellawe enjoyed our stay very much. it was peaceful and relaxing. we had our renewal of vows at currumbin and isle of palms was a perfect place to stay and get ready for the day. it was a great size, beautifully decorated, clean and the back deck was a great place to sit and relax.it was a perfect stay – will definitely return for future holidays. ideal that shopping centre was close by for any last minute preparations and groceries. staff is lovely.kaye & aarongreat little hideaway for fishing enthusiasts, straight out your back door 😀 absolutely loved the time away from our busy schedule & really appreciated our apartment upgrade. thank you, very much to the reception staff & management for your professional work.kirstygreat holiday units for families. fishing right at our back door and only minutes to the beach. great pool, wading pool and spa. shops conveniently located as well so you can buy food if you’re not planning on eating out.lesley tloved having our own little beach out the back. very relaxing and beautiful to look at. pool was great and lucky to be very close to one of them (there are 2). loved the hot tub too. kids had a ball.jenna

click here to check out isle of palms resort reviews!















please explore all of our coast breakz properties































gather your family & friends and book into our stu


 





happy new year from our 4-bedroom with private poo






princess palm - palm beach qld
direct beach access






2-bedroom premier plus at princess palms
call us a






royal palm resort - palm beach qld
book now






our 6-bedroom penthouse apartment at burleigh surf
 





enjoy our private rooftop pool and spa penthouse a






best time of the year to take a stroll down to bur






spa weather at royal palm #palmbeach #goldcoast






too cold for winter? not in our indoor pool, spa &






#isleofpalmselanora #goldcoast #lakefrontaccommoda






are you dreaming of a coast break this christmas b



 












follow us:

followfollow



newsletter sign up




success!



email





subscribe












 











2 coolgardie street, elanoragold coast 4221 australiaemail: reservations@isleofpalms.com.au ▪ phone: +61 7 5598 1733



 


site map
privacy policy
terms & conditions
  

copyright © 2025 isle of palms resort gold coast hotel booking system : hotel website design by etourism  

 
 
 



book direct & save










book your stay
take a break & relax with us at isle of palms resort.
enjoy our amazing features such as:
+ quiet lakeside location just 5 minutes from palm beach and currumbin beach+ two swimming pools+ two heated spas+two full-size tennis courts+ undercover barbecue areas

book now



 















































