










        
    home

    
































skip to main content











  
                login
            































header upper nav





admissions
calendars
contact us









we are building lives for eternity







308.946.3836
 






















main header nav





home


                                our school
                                


at a glance
our history
governance
classical academy
meet our team
join our team
nc advance (newsletter)




                                international
                                


program details
dorm life
international admissions




                                student life
                                


academics
spiritual life
athletics
fine arts
clubs and activities




                                visit us
                                


directions to our campus
schedule a tour




                                support nc
                                


give now
dinner & benefit auction
foundation















search




























































































































































































































































































previous



next






























































what's happening at nc:












                                    danger in the deep! (annual elementary musical)
                                

                                    friday, march 7, 2025 - 6:30 pm at the central city pac
                                





                                    first ever nebraska christian "follies" night
                                

                                    friday, march 21, 2025 - 7:00 pm, nc gymnasium
                                









 





































                    who we are
                






                    statement of faith
                






                    core values explained
                














nebraska christian schools (nc) is a private, non-denominational christian institution serving students from preschool through 12th grade. we provide a comprehensive, college-preparatory education with a strong biblical foundation, integrating faith and learning throughout our rigorous curriculum. our students benefit from daily bible classes and participate in weekly chapel services, fostering both academic and spiritual growth.there has been an international presence on campus since the 1970s with more robust programming added around 2000. our international program attracts students from around the world. we provide dormitory accommodations for both international and traditional secondary students, creating a vibrant and diverse community on campus.nc is accredited by the nebraska department of education and holds membership with the association of christian schools international (acsi), ensuring our commitment to high educational standards. we are also affiliated with the nebraska school activities association and the goldenrod conference for athletics, providing our students with a wide range of extracurricular opportunities. our admissions policy welcomes students of all races, colors, and national or ethnic backgrounds. we are looking for like-minded believers who desire to equip their child to stand on truth.our picturesque 27-acre campus is situated just one mile from the heart of central city, nebraska (population 3,000), 22 miles east of grand island, nebraska (population 52,000), and 110 miles west of omaha, nebraska (population 485,000). this location offers a serene environment while maintaining accessibility to larger urban areas.










accredited by:













member school of:


































core values explained: practices that guide us toward fulfilling our vision:nebraska christian schools is a place of service. we aspire to be service minded, exalting of christ, and relationally focused. we want our students and staff to hold a vibrant disposition, to embrace innovative practices, and take a collaborative approach. when our students, staff, and stakeholders carry out these values and keep christ at the center, it puts nebraska christian on a path of excellence to the glory of our lord and savior, jesus christ.service mindedthe conviction of our school leadership is that the students and staff that we lead do not exist to serve us, but, rather, we are called to serve and lay our lives down for others. by following the example of jesus, we are devoted to finding tangible ways to love and serve one another, as well as our neighbors. we hope that all parts of christ’s body see their role in serving in this same way.exalting christin all things, there is one centerpiece – that is to glorify our lord and savior jesus christ. whether we are in the classroom, on the ball field, or in the theater, we hope and pray that our actions can bring glory to god.relationally focusedas we work with fellow staff, students, and families along the way, we will try to put ourselves in their shoes, always assuming that they have positive intentions, putting them before ourselves, and treating them with love and respect.vibrant dispositionwe expect that all of our students and staff are in line with a calling to be a part of the nebraska christian family. therefore, it is also the expectation that we should be authentic, but that we should remember that we are blessed to be here. our energy and attitude should reflect our gratitude for being a part of this mission.innovative practicesthe world is changing around us. as a school, it is our job to prepare our students in the most modern skills and practices while never removing or compromising our biblical worldview.collaborative approachin our 21st century world, it is becoming increasingly necessary for people to work together collaboratively. by embracing this, we will improve our school while helping our students hone this important skill.excellenceit is not wrong for one to pursue excellence unless to do so is for one’s own glory. as we pursue excellence here at nc, we strive to do it for an audience of one – our lord and savior jesus christ.


































































1847 inskip avecentral city, ne 68826308.946.3836








footer nav





contact us
facts family portal
srs




































we are committed to providing a website that is accessible to the widest possible audience, regardless of technology or ability. this website endeavors to comply with best practices and standards defined by section 508 of the u.s. rehabilitation act.





























copyright © 2025 nebraska christian schools


 
















