




































    
    the cathedral of saint patrick: welcome to the cathedral of saint patrick
  
  









              

   

mass times


   

(704) 334-2283




    


     home



  newcomers


   welcome to st. patrick



  about our parish



  directions to the cathedral



  register as a parishioner



  rcia


   learn more about rcia



  becoming catholic



  what is rcia?





  returning catholics



  beliefs


   essentials



  unity



  liturgical calendar



  prayer







  our faith


   our catholic faith



  the seven sacraments


   baptism



  holy communion



  confirmation



  penance



  anointing of the sick



  holy matrimony



  holy orders







  worship


   mass and confession schedule



  adoration



  christian prayer



  funerals



  sacred music





  faith formation


   faith formation



  faith formation for children



  first penance and first holy communion



  confirmation



  adult faith formation



  becoming catholic (rcia)



  formed - free resource





  more


   ministries


   our ministries


   altar server ministry



  lector ministry



  prayerworks ministry



  rosary ministry



  altar guild ministry



  boy scout ministry



  knights of columbus



  respect life ministry



  usher ministry







  resources


   calendar of events



  donate to our parish



  finance council



  parish council



  stewardship



  videos of parish events



  respect life ministry



  bulletins 2024-25



  2024 diocesan support appeal



  choir camp



  jubilee 2025





  contact us


   contact the cathedral



  parish staff



  bishop michael t. martin, ofm conv.



  diocese of charlotte









  

donate








    
 





       
 welcome to the cathedral of st. patrick
 
 serving the charlotte catholic community for over 80 years
   

read more




    click here 
to view our digital bulletin for the 6th sunday in ordinary time (february 16th).




  


    




    





    welcome bishop michael t. martin, ofm conv.!

 the cathedral of st. patrick welcomes our bishop michael t. martin, ofm conv. to the diocese of charlotte. he becomes the 5th bishop of the diocese of charlotte and replaces longtime servant, the most rev. peter j. jugis.


  

watch ordination and installation clips

  

get to know bishop martin

 




    2023 parish survey

thank you to everyone that took the time to complete the parish survey in the fall of 2023. these results, joined with your well thought-out comments, input from parish volunteers, the clergy, and the parish planning committee, greatly helped with the development of the parish six-year plan.the plan is currently under review by the diocese of charlotte and in early march, father roux and members of the parish planning committee will meet with the diocesan curia to discuss the plan. once the meeting is completed and the diocese approves the plan, it will be shared with all parishioners.below are the ten (10) goals of the parish plan:● increase devotion to the blessed sacrament● ongoing instruction in our beautiful, catholic faith● increase the number of volunteers in all ministries● start new ministries & revive ministries lost during covid● find new revenue streams to ensure parish solvency● promote & support vocations to the priesthood, deaconate, and religious sisters● complete restoration to the 80+ year old rectory● renovate sacristy and vesting areas● renovate the bell tower● address the deficiencies in the cathedral sound systemclick here for survey results



    our parish
 



       





mass times
     














 directions

    



 become a parishioner

    









 calendar



  


   

  omnia omnibus
 
we are a welcoming catholic community called by god to live out the message of christ in love and service to all people.
﻿we the members of st. patrick cathedral, through the mercy of god the father, the grace of jesus christ, and the power of the holy spirit, seek to grow continually in knowledge of and love for god. we strive to enable ongoing conversion to christ of our adults, to inspire faith in our children, and to be witnesses of his love in the greater community.


    explore st. patrick
 
    

  religious education
discovering god together.   

button




  

  rcia
it's never too late to learn more about god's love.   

button




  

  giving
your gifts make a difference in people's lives.   

button




  

  ministries
spreading faith and love   

button










   
mass schedule 
 all masses are in the cathedral 
saturday vigil 5:30 pmsunday 7:30 am, 9:00 am,11:00 am, 12:30 pmmonday-friday 12:10 pmfriday (school year) 8:30 amsaturday morning 8:00 amholy days 7:30 am, 12:10 pm, 7:00 pm    confessions
saturday  7:30 am4:00 - 5:00 pmsunday  10:00 - 11:00 amweekdays  11:30 am
 
 adoration of the blessed sacrament
﻿
adoration is held in the cathedral every wednesday from 8 am to 6 pm, and sundays from 10 to 11 am. parish office hours
mondays-fridays, 9 to 4 pm(during the summer: mondays-thursdays, 9 to 4 pm)  contact the cathedral
the cathedral of saint patrick1621 dilworth road eastcharlotte, nc 28203phone: (704) 334-2283fax: (704) 377-6403e-mail: info@stpatricks.org


       

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button










    formed

is an exciting new gateway to the best catholic teaching videos, books, and audio talks to deepen your relationship with christ and his church, and we've made it available for free for our cathedral parishioners! click here to get started.



    sign up for our digital newsletter 

sign up for our digital newsletter to stay up-to-date on important announcements:
 




    prayer for beatification of sister lucia of fatima - intercession for brian blatchford


most holy trinity, father, son and holy spirit, i adore you profoundly and i thank you for the apparitions of the blessed virgin mary in fatima, that revealed to the world the riches of her immaculate heart. by the infinite merits of the sacred heart of jesus and through the intercession of the immaculate heart of mary, i implore you, if it should be for your greater glory and the good of our souls, to glorify sr. lucy, one of the shepherds of fatima, by granting us the grace which we implore through her intercession. the complete healing of brian. amen.our father, hail mary, glory be.



   follow us 

    

 

 

 







   upcoming events 
     faith formation for children - online registration 2023-2024

   




  the cathedral of saint patrick's faith formation for children program is open to all children from kindergarten through eigth grade. classes are held sunday mornings september through may from 10:15 to 11:15 am in the st. patrick school building.learn more



   first holy communion - online registration 2023-2024

   




  families of children preparing to celebrate first holy communion must be registered and active members of a catholic parish, and the child must be baptized in the catholic church. families must be able to present the child's baptismal certificate prior to the child receiving the sacrament. it is possible for children who are not parishioners of the cathedral to receive their first holy communion at saint patrick's if the parents are able to provide verification that they're registered members of a catholic parish within the diocese, and if the pastor of that parish provides us with written permission.learn more



   confirmation - online registration 2023-2024

   




  preparation for the sacrament of confirmation is on-going after receiving first holy communion. the teens should continue to attend faith formation every year. preparation for the sacrament of confirmation begins in january of eighth grade (confirmation i) and continues in the fall of ninth grade (confirmation ii). the diocese requires that teens attend two years of formation prior to receiving the sacrament. therefore, teens who do not attend a catholic school or approved homeschool program must enroll in faith formation for children for the first half of their eighth grade year prior to starting confirmation i in january. the cost for eighth grade formation is $35 because the teens only attend for the first half of the year.learn more



   the rite of christian initiation for adults

   




  new members are welcomed into the catholic church through a process of education, faith sharing, and rituals known as the rite of christian initiation of adults (rcia). this process includes several stages marked by prayer, study and discussion. read more








       
  and jesus came and said to them, 'all authority in heaven and on earth has been given to me. go therefore and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the father and of the son and of the holy spirit, teaching them to observe all that i have commanded you; and lo, i am with you always, to the close of the age.'
matthew 28: 18-20 (rsv-ce)
  











    make a donation to the cathedral. we greatly appreciate your generosity during these challenging times.
   

donate





   send us a message 
 
   first name

 last name

 email

 phone number

 message







thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later


  








          

  daily readings
  

button




  

  catholic news & perspectives
  

button




  

  simply catholic
  

button




  

  online giving
  

button










    

    

 

 

 





   


 address
 1621 dilworth rd e, charlotte, nc 28203, united states of america
 
   



 phone
 (704) 334-2283



   admin

 powered by our sunday visitor
















































































































  
  share by:







 powered by our sunday visitor





