






crofton yoga | yoga for every body




































 






410 451-1625
yoga@croftonyoga.com















home
classes

schedule
pricing
class descriptions


wellness services

acupuncture
aromatheapy
reflexology
reiki
sound massage
tai yoga
yoga therapy


workshops
training

200 hour
300 hour


about us

instructors
karma crew
location


faq
 


select page


  
 
 












get started here

welcome~ 



we’re so glad you are here.  we are a locally owned and operated wellness center celebrating  20 years of service.  offering welcoming, vibrant, high-quality yoga and wellness solutions for every body that honors the mind, body, and spirit.
learn more

video tour

gift cards







join us to breathe, relax and feel in a class level that serves you.







crofton yoga is a locally owned and operated yoga studio offering classes, workshops and advanced trainings for every body. we are active members of the crofton yoga community. we affiliate with the pranakriya school of yoga healing arts bringing these traditions to the forefront of our teaching and your practice.















classes
















training 
















about us 













what people are saying about crofton yoga


|

i love this studio ... thank you for my new life!
i love this studio. i always look forward to going. the classes are amazing, the teachers are excellent, they are friendly and you feel right at home as soon as you go in. emily and shelbi — you have given me new life. i went from an extremely athletic person, a dancer, runner, working out at the gym — to someone with multiple sclerosis who is unable to do much because of my symptoms. i heard yoga is good for ms, but was reluctant. when i called they told me to come in and give it a try a few times. i am sold. in these classes i am able to move my body and feel good again. i am already changing shape and losing weight. i am in better touch with my body, and through awareness of the placement of my feet, arms, legs — how to stand; my balance is improving. i can’t walk very far, but when i come in there it’s like the old me. i am more relaxed, more aware of my breathing and a greater sense of self. i cannot praise this studio enough. it is for all levels and they work with each person to make sure you do as much as you can, but also make sure you don’t hurt yourself. thank you for my new life!! — eileen




|

crofton yoga has personally given me a new way to think about how the body and mind are connected.
the teachers at crofton yoga are knowledgeable about all aspects of yoga and pilates. they recognize that their students have individual strengths and challenges as they develop their practices of yoga and/or pilates. crofton yoga has personally given me a new way to think about how the body and mind are connected. thanks for all you do. — nancy












410-451-1625



crofton yoga
2431 crofton lane, suite #11
crofton, md 21114
email:  yoga@croftonyoga.com





get in touch






name


email address


message




submit









 










facebook
instagram
linkedin
 



crofton yoga 2431 crofton lane suite 11 crofton, md  21114 (410) 451-1625 yoga@croftonyoga.com©2003-2025 crofton yogaserving anne arundel county, maryland, and the mid-atlantic region since 2003
 

 
 
 




















