




freekiwiki



















main page

from freekiwiki



jump to navigation
jump to search





welcome to the freekiwiki,
free geek's ® wiki. we're up to 2,234 documents!



categories
definitions
events


meeting tips
netiquette
places


policies
social
tour howto



notice
many pages on this wiki are out of date.  we are in the process of migrating currently useful content to documents on free geek's google drive [1] .  this process will take a while, but in the meantime, please help by identifying which pages are still useful.
if you see a page that is still in use, please edit it and add the following code at the top:

 {{migrate}}

this will flag the page so that we will know to migrate it.  

want to help with the migration?
to do this you will need a free geek google apps account.  (see richard.)
we are developing the best system for migrating content from this wiki to documents on our google drive.  in general, if you are migrating a group of pages you can try a work flow like this:

create a new folder on your free geek google drive.  this will help organize related documents.
allow that folder to be visible to all of free geek and editable by an appropriate group.
for each page you will migrate:
create a new google doc in that folder.  give it an appropriate name (the same as the one from the wiki?)
view the printable version of your wiki page.
highlight all text.  copy and paste into the new document.
clean up the formatting and save.
please check back to this page fairly often, as we might change the suggested workflow.


legacy wiki information
if you're new to wikis, there's a fair amount to learn. go ahead and click on basic navigation for a quick tutorial. and check out freekiwiki best practices to help you contribute effectively.
please login.  this will give you a username and a page of your own on which to brag, preach, lament or act mysterious. 
some pages to look at:

recent changes shows the most recent edits.
if you're a brand-new wiki editor, check out this quick-start editing help page and this faq.
practice editing should happen on the sandbox.
"my watchlist" is a way of keeping track of changes on particular pages.
each page has a corresponding discussion page.  use this page to discuss major changes, questions, etc...

please see documentation on customizing the interface
and the user's guide for usage and configuration help. 





retrieved from "http://wiki.freegeek.org/index.php?title=main_page&oldid=70834"




navigation menu




personal tools




log in






namespaces




main pagediscussion






variants












views




readview sourceview history






more









search



















navigation




main pagecommunity portalcurrent eventsrecent changesrandom pagehelpsitesupport





other sites




free geek web sitert (ticket tracker)staff scheduleroom use calendarfg lessons (moodle)





google search




search our wiki... our list archives... our websiteall of the above





toolbox




what links hererelated changesspecial pagesprintable versionpermanent linkpage information






 this page was last edited on 11 march 2015, at 09:48.


privacy policy
about freekiwiki
disclaimers







