


	lumbermen's underwriting alliance
































home 
































 


lumbermen's underwriting alliance in liquidation



on may 23, 2016, the circuit court of cole county, missouri declared lumbermen's underwriting alliance ("lua") insolvent and ordered lua into liquidation.

                the court appointed the director of the missouri department of commerce and insurance as the statutory receiver of lua ("receiver"), and approved the receiver's appointment of bruce baty as the special deputy receiver ("sdr").





address (effective april 15, 2023):
		lumbermen’s underwriting alliance, in receivership
		c/o norton rose fulbright us llp
                7676 forsyth blvd., suite 2230
                st. louis, mo  63105
phone: 561-994-1900
email: lualiquidation@ins-lua.com




important information for workers’ compensation providers, claimants & policyholders:  


lua no longer administers workers’ compensation claims.  effective may 23, 2016, all correspondence and communications regarding workers’ compensation claims or policies should be directed to the affected state guaranty association.  


beginning on march 15, 2022, lua will no longer accept mail on behalf of any state guaranty association.

the mailing address for the california insurance guarantee association is:

				california insurance guarantee association 
				p.o. box 29066 
				glendale, ca 91209-9066 
 https://www.ciga.org
 
the address for all other state guaranty associations can be found at:

https://www.ncigf.org/resources/links-and-contacts/ 




if you have a claim against lua, you must complete a proof of claim. a proof of claim and instructions for completing and returning the form can be found by clicking here. please read the instructions carefully and complete the proof of claim if you believe you have a claim. failure to fully complete the proof of claim and to submit supporting documents, narratives, exhibits or evidence could result in your claim being denied.

the deadline for submitting a proof of claim was may 24, 2017.

			late filed claims may be allowed in the absolute discretion of the receiver and determined in accordance with missouri law. 
			
			please direct all other inquiries to:  lualiquidation@ins-lua.com







proof of claim &instructions


faqs


pleadings/notices


ncigf








legal disclaimer


                                        the information contained on this website is provided solely for general informational
                                        purposes. the company makes no warranties or representations about the accuracy,
                                        completeness, or reliability of information contained on this website. consequently,
                                        visitors to this site should not rely on the assumed accuracy of data or information
                                        contained herein. the company reserves the right to add, change, modify, update, or delete information
                                        on this site without prior notice. the information contained on this site should
                                        not be construed as a complete description of the company's various products, services,
                                        or coverages. moreover, the information contained herein does not modify or supplement
                                        in any way the contractual language contained in the company's various policies
                                        or endorsements.
                                    










