     auto marketplace                                                     credit union auto marketplace        dealership 800-282-2755              4990 university parkwaywinston-salem, nc 27106                                     service        map        contact                      credit union auto marketplace           call 800-282-2755   directions                       inventory   search inventory   schedule test drive     finance   finance department   payment calculator   get pre-qualified!   get pre-approved   vehicle delivery service     about us   about us   our dealership   meet our staff   hours & directions   contact us   leave us a review                      home   inventory   search inventory   schedule test drive     finance   finance department   payment calculator   get pre-qualified!   get pre-approved   vehicle delivery service     about us   about us   our dealership   meet our staff   hours & directions   contact us   leave us a review            





search inventory







finance your car
get financing




get it  delivered
here's how









        search inventory        current specials        get pre-approved            
select a body style




coupe





sedan





suv





truck





hatchback





minivan




     

 welcome to
 credit union auto marketplace
we make auto buying easy! shop online, connect with a sales advisor, get approved, and get your vehicle delivered right to you! we know time is valuable, so we are here to simplify the car buying process.
more about us


      
       


sales hours
    sales    day open closed      monday 9:00am 5:30pm     tuesday 9:00am 5:30pm    wednesday 9:00am 5:30pm    thursday 9:00am 5:30pm    friday 9:00am 5:30pm    saturday 9:00am 3:00pm    sunday closed closed    

               

our dealership has been in the auto business for over 30 years and are dedicated to changing the way customers buy a vehicle from a dealership! we believe that used car buying should be a no pressure, hassle free experience. here at credit union auto buying marketplace, you are assigned a personal advisor to assist you through the entire process- from narrowing down the vehicles you are interested in, to financing, and handing over the keys. we specialize in making the auto buying journey simple. never leave your home, office or time with your family to drive to the dealership. the process can be done completely online and your new vehicle delivered directly to you!



most of our auto advisors have a background in credit union financing, making them highly specialized in not only helping you find the vehicle that best suits you, but advising you on which vehicle will fit you best financially.


we partner with many local credit unions and are able to provide the best financing rates available, while simplifying the financing process since we are a one-stop shop! no need to go back and forth from your bank to our showroom; we can do it all from here! quick and easy!


feel free to browse our inventory online, request more information about vehicles, set up a test drive or inquire about financing! you are more than welcome to come visit our lot and walk around with no pressure from any sales staff! our goal is to make our customers feel comfortable while having a stress-free auto buying experience. we look forward to serving you!




                copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | credit union auto marketplace | 4990 university parkway, winston-salem, nc 27106 | dealership: 800-282-2755            

























  
    