







workaway international
















































0








        skip to content
      



























        general
      





        apply now
      





        resources
      





        about us
      



        faqs
      













                    contact us
                  






open menu
close menu




























        general
      





        apply now
      





        resources
      





        about us
      



        faqs
      













                    contact us
                  






open menu
close menu
























folder:
general








back







folder:
apply now








back







folder:
resources








back







                  about us
                





                  faqs
                






                contact us
              



















work in the usa!



























































 















work at exclusive country clubs in the usawinter | summer



earn us dollars



gain international work experience



make lifelong friends



























comprehensive support both at home & in us



opportunities to travel and explore the us




















































































































our offer to you!



a pre-arranged jobpaid flight ticket to the usapre-departure orientationassistance with h2b visa applicationpost-arrival orientation in usapre-arranged furnished accommodation (optional)medical insurance coverage in usaguaranteed 80 hours over 2 weeks














the workaway experience







featured
























recruitment process































presentation day































workaway interviews































employer interviews































pre-departure orientation































overseas experience































past recruits testimonials






























participant testimonials










“as my final days here in the usa are coming to a close, i’d like to thank you for this opportunity to come abroad, working at an amazing club and making friends that have now turned into family! the florida keys are beautiful and i have been promoting it ever since! florida is amazing, the club is amazing and meeting so many new people has been amazing! i wouldn’t be here without you!”
astrid schutte - st. andrews country club






"from start to finish the process has been seamless, communication has been excellent and everything made so easy for us stressed parents to understand.   i am so grateful. thank you is not enough for this fantastic opportunity that you make available to our children."
riley doyle - high ridge country club






“i would like to take a moment and thank you for the opportunity to work in america. in such a short time, i’ve made new friendships, had incredible experiences and made memories that will last a lifetime. thank you to you and your team for all you have done for us this side!!”
nicholas urbach - boca west country club






“firstly i would like to thank you and the entire workaway team from south africa for affording me this amazing opportunity. my experience so far has been one incredible journey. it had exceeded my expectations; from friends i have made, reunions with people from the past and the management team at aberdeen country club. it has all been super amazing. we are loving it here and i can’t wait to go to new york to join the old westbury family soon. thank you all so much!”
sibonelo shangase - aberdeen country club






“this has been the most amazing experience of my life!  i am forever grateful for workaway and everything the team has done for me. i am loving the work and living environment. it is spectacular living here and the people are amazing. i have visited many places in and around florida including the bahamas!”
bradley freeman-groenewald - boca west country club






"it was an amazing experience, and i loved every moment of it! i was able to learn so many new things and meet a lot of wonderful people. this was a great step in my life. thank you for taking such care of us during the covid pandemic and getting us home safely. your gracious hospitality shows how much you care about your employees and i am very glad that i could be a part of the experience."
sarah du plessis - mirasol country club






"i have been on the workaway international programme since 2018 and i would like to thank them for giving me the opportunity to work in the united states. i learned a lot about hospitality, especially in country clubs. i got to learn, travel, make money, meet people, make friends, and have fun at the same time. thank you to workaway international, for being with us from the beginning until this very moment. god bless you all. you are doing an amazing job, we notice and appreciate it."
selloane mlangeni - jupiter hills country club






"my experience in the usa has been nothing short of amazing. in just over a year, i’ve experienced so many things: the white house, the versace mansion, hall of fame stadium, miami beach, cleveland, times square in new york, brooklyn bridge and of course, to our famous nando’s in the usa! i have also had the opportunity to create some beautiful dishes at work!"
lizole jonas - quail ridge country club






"i can’t thank workaway international enough. being in america and working here is one of the biggest blessings in my life and you made it happen. i can’t express how amazing it is!"
jacques venter - broken sound country club






"i have had a great experience thus far and i am so grateful for this once in a lifetime opportunity."
francois kellerman - st. andrews country club






"i am thankful for the opportunity you and your team gave me. it is the best thing that has happened to me and it changed my life! i’m so grateful for you guys."
kyle goliath - boca west country club






"things have been so amazing this side. work has been hectic but fun and filled with adventure. while the season is coming to an end and everyone is waiting for their visa extensions, work continues to amaze! thank you for an amazing experience, south carolina is the next big adventure!"
keenan september - boca west country club






"i still remember the day i attended the presentation and i thought to myself, "what are the chances i would be chosen to work in the usa?" my life has changed for the better in every single way after working in the usa with everything i have learned and experienced. i have made lifelong friends who i still speak to everyday. i learned about different cultures from people all over the world. i want to thank the workaway team for all the hard work and dedication. it has been a life-changing experience. i appreciate you workaway!!"
jacques van heerden - addison reserve country club






"once again thank you so much for the opportunity i was given. it was honestly so life-changing for me and i learnt so much about myself as well as the industry. most importantly, i made lifelong friends that i will forever cherish. i can’t wait to be able to return again and continue the amazing journey."
taylor-jade kallis - st andrews country club






"workaway, you have impressed me with your level of support and organisation at such an uncertain time in our world’s history. you’ve walked the extra mile to ensure our children were taken care of and you got them back home safely. for that i am truly grateful."
mother of samantha neary - woodfield country club






"awesome, thanks so much workaway for arranging that our kids get home to south africa safely."
mother of kelly koopman - boca west country club






"thank you for all you are doing. we really take our hats off to you. workaway has gone beyond their limits and have never disappointed."
mother of francois du toit - st. andrews country club






"it has been a hectic season with so many events, parties, and luncheons, however, we soldier through them all and get the job done! i took some time out of my busy schedule and enjoyed the florida keys and peanut island, and it was so much fun."
surita smal - palm beach country club






"my time on the workaway international programme has taught me so many life lessons. i have grown so much at work and in my personal life. i have pushed myself to new levels everyday. on my days off, i took some time to explore. key west is amazing and visiting the theme parks made me feel like a child again. i am enjoying every moment."
franco rossouw - boca west country club






"phenomenal effort! fantastic organization with superb leaders who get things done!"
mother of christian booysen - boca west country club






"i cannot believe this season is almost over! it has truly been such a life-changing experience. i have met such amazing people and my knowledge about the hospitality industry has grown. it has been such a privilege to have experienced and worked with different types of people. i have learned so much along the way. i am so grateful for this opportunity."
samantha neary - woodfield country club






"wow, what a season it has been! thank you to workaway international for making this life-changing experience possible. even though i am disappointed that i will not be heading up north, i am excited to return to boca west. i appreciate your hard work and thank you for making my dreams come true."
jason kirk - boca west country club






"i had such an amazing experience! the ballenisles country club has a fantastic working environment. the management and staff are constantly striving to teach us more and provide training to improve our skills. florida has been hot, cold, and very rainy all in one day. it has been wonderful to explore and see the amazing things florida has to offer."
simone delport - ballenisles country club






"⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ stars for workaway international."
mother of tristan ross - boca west country club






"this was my first season on the workaway international programme. i worked as a server at the boca west country club. i gained so much relevant industry experience and made lifelong friends that became my family."
sithandazile mncube - boca west country club






"i would like to extend my sincerest gratitude to workaway international and boca west country club as well as everyone involved in ensuring our safe return home. the long hours and hard work put in by all does not go unnoticed. i am proud to be associated with you."
khanya cele - boca west country club






"i’ve been on the workaway international programme for almost 2 years and it’s been an amazing experience so far. i can’t wait to go back to boca grove for my 3rd season. to the workaway international team, you guys are the best and i thank you for walking me through this amazing journey."
khayakazi khupiso - boca grove country club






"the best agency! they gave me an opportunity of a lifetime. it really changed my life. thank you, workaway international, because of you, a lot of doors have opened."
monica jansen - ballenisles country club






"best experience ever! thank you workaway international for this great opportunity, you have changed my life and the lives of others. i will forever be grateful."
kgakilwe komane - ballenisles country club






"i would love to take this opportunity to thank workaway for this amazing opportunity! i’m loving my job and my apartment. i’ve made so many friends and family here. it’s just been a blessing! thanks once again for this amazing once in a lifetime opportunity to grow. love you guys! keep making people’s dreams come true."
jacinta da silva - mirasol country club






"workaway gave me the opportunity to see and experience the us, where i realised what my dream was, and now i’m busy recording my upcoming pop/rock album! such an amazing journey!"
sunel bodenstein - mirasol country club






"my husband and i are currently in america with elania! we came to visit her. at the moment we are in a hotel for the night, on our way to chicago. just wanted to thank workaway again for the opportunity that you have given our children. they have experienced so much! not only have they learnt a lot about themselves, but have also experienced and developed in terms of relationships, work ethic etc. thank you!"
dorothy du plessis - mother of participant - boca west country club






"the experience thus far is just amazing! i stay with great people, i work with a wonderful team and the work environment is so great and different. the party was a blast! i had a great time, everything was well organized! the transportation is just great. life here is awesome so far, it has exceeded my expectations! thank you it’s an experience of a lifetime! it’s awesome!"
busie isabel makhanya - boca west country club






“i just truly want to thank you for the most amazing experience of my life! you gave me the opportunity to work and travel in the most beautiful state-florida!!! i had the time of my life!! you also made all my dreams come true! i have very exciting news! during my 6 months at boca west, i fell in love with a south african who worked in golf- eduan van der merwe! we got engaged and we are getting married in south africa next year. thank you so much for this amazing opportunity!!! you are the most amazing company i have ever worked with!!! best of luck with all your new applicants!!!”
chandre steenkamp - boca west country club






“i have been home just over a month now and i just wanted to say a huge thanks for everything you do for everyone, my experience was amazing and if it wasn’t for your help, i would never have had it. i made amazing friends and learnt so much.”
michelle lowe - boca west country club






“just want to thank you for the opportunity workaway gave my daughter, liandi lubbe, to do her practical training in the usa! she came back more mature but is still my sparkling, bubbly little miss sunshine! the way you treat the participants is something to remember.”
ilize lubbe - parent of liandi - sailfish point country club






“i want to extend my thanks and appreciation for all your time, effort and care. during my injury you were a great help. thank you for being there as a mother, friend and as my agency representative”.
bevan arendse - addison reserve country club






“it's my last two days in florida and i am sad because i love this place and the people so much. thank you kindly for this opportunity, it was the best time i ever had in my life.”
mogamat abrahams - sailfish point country club






"i went on the program with workaway in october 2009 and i just got back on the 5 october 2011. i started at boca grove (florida), then the sagamore (new york), pelican bay (naples), the sagamore (new york), keywest (florida) and then lastly back to the sagamore. americans love south africans, i have had the time of my life there, and am wanting to go back and work and travel some more.  this message was to thank you for all your help in the initial step of getting me to the states with no problems!!"
doug henderson - boca grove country club






“thank you for everything. i had a sensational season at sailfish point, it was a perfect fit for me. doug, jacob and adam were great, i learnt a lot from them. i am so excited because i leave for new jersey on the 12 may going to baltusrol golf club, so keen to see what lies ahead. hope to come back to sailfish point next season; i met so many incredible people, thank you, thank you”.
zita hearne - sailfish point country club






“i would just like to take the opportunity to thank you and your team for giving me the opportunity to go to the usa. it was an unforgettable experience that can never be taken away from me. i really had a wonderful season at palm beach country club and met a lot of wonderful people which i am so certain will remain lifelong friends. thank you for all the hard work you and the rest of the workaway team have done to make all our south african experiences in america unforgettable. i will be sure to spread the word to my peers in south africa about your amazing agency.”
inge zinkfontein - palm beach country club






“workaway has given me the platform to fulfill my travelling dreams and enrich my resume with international skills and qualifications! the friendships i have made have been amazing!!! thanks workaway!”
kim rutgers - st. andrews country club






“being part of the 2008/2009 program of workaway was truly a life changing experience. professionally it taught me that if i put my mind to something, i can achieve anything. coming from an accounting background i thought i would struggle. the program also gave me a lot of confidence professionally. personally my (now) husband proposed to me at universal studios and we got married 11 months later. thank you for the wonderful program.”
natasha venter - boca west country club






“i would like to thank you and everyone involved in making this experience possible. i had probably the best 6 months of my life. i met some awesome people, made great friends and had a great time working at boca west country club. my managers were better than i could have hoped for and we were assisted any and every time we needed it.”
paul van staden - boca west country club






“if it wasn’t for workaway i don’t know where i would be right now. going to the states changed my life.”
julien fielden - glen oaks country club






“i would just like to say that going to the states was the best thing in my life, it was a great experience.”
kathleen o’farrell - boca west country club






"i joined workaway international and boca west country club from 2000 to 2002. one of my best experiences. i got to meet some awesome people along the way."
tyrone keeves - boca west country club






"i am grateful for the opportunity she has got to be part of the workaway programme. removing herself from her comfort zone and placing herself thousand of kilometres away from those she loves, takes courage and strength. she is excited to return to st andrews and to expand her horizons and life. i am so proud of her and am truly blessed and humbled to be her father. in closing, i urge the youngsters who get an opportunity with workaway to grab it with both hands. it is not easy, but to go, put their head down and work hard and make themselves proud."
vaughn - father of astrid schütte






i wanted to encourage you all to rejoice in the work you are doing because so many lives are changed by workaway international, including mine.  i am so grateful and i want to give thanks to you all from the bottom of my heart.   thank you team workaway for being so patient  and professional with us! honestly, you all deserve a 5-star vacation after we all fly out every october/november.  keep up the incredible work, you are changing many lives!
lucky tebogo kopanye - palm beach country club






"i wanted to take a moment to say thank you so much to charlotte and the whole workaway team for your support and help throughout every step of the way. you guys are honestly the best. thank you. i am truly grateful for this incredible opportunity and i trust i will make you all proud."
matthew jurgens - woodfield country club






the youth must jump at this opportunity. my son has been been in america almost 1 year to the day. absolutely loving it. workaway international has been an absolute pleasure to deal with, very professional!
clinton niemand - father of dylan - boca west country club




















































































client testimonials










“recruiting seasonal staff in the country club industry has never been an easy task. we pride ourselves in the exceptional service, surrounded by the beautiful amenities and a top notch golf course. workaway international has been successful in helping us fill our seasonal staffing needs. without the assistance of workaway we would not be able to provide the high standard of member service year round to our membership.”
susan hoyt (hr) - the country club at mirasol






“finding great employees who are willing to work in a club environment is not an easy task and workaway international has continued to provide us with qualified employees who help bridge the gap in our seasonal staffing needs. mirasol is similar to many of the great clubs in the united states in that we all have great golf courses and exceptional facilities, however, it is our employees who create the culture that make our members feel proud to belong to our club. we could not accomplish this task without the additional staffing that workaway is able to provide.”
matt lambert (gm/coo) - the country club at mirasol






“we have found workaway to be the most legal form of acquiring south africans to work in america.”
troy albert (general manager) - sebonack golf club






"as a growing resort destination, we struggled to find enough skilled staff to support our seasonal needs. from the beginning, workaway showed a lot of interest in knowing and understanding our business and leading us through the process in a way that was tailored to our operation and its needs.  we have completed three seasons with workaway and the h2b program which has been a total gamechanger for us and our business in providing highly skilled and motivated staff.  we are particularly impressed with workaway’s very accessible and attentive work style that makes it a true partnership in helping us staff our resort properly. we see this as a long term plan for our business. we highly recommend workaway!"
scott swaldo (ceo/gm) - gervasi vineyard






“we have used the workaway program to accentuate our summer staffing needs since 2001.  through this process we have been able to identify many strong skilled candidates who have excelled at our club and have returned yearly.  being able to rehire recurrent seasonal staff easily has provided us with consistent work quality in our f&b, valet, golf and tennis departments.  we deeply value the relationships made between the workaway staff, their co-workers, management and our membership.”
stephen gabriel (clubhouse manager) - glen oaks club






"partnering with workaway international provides us with a seamless and worry-free experience each season. our need for dedicated, hospitality-centric staff grows each year. workaway’s guidance ensures that all compliance, recruiting, hiring, passport and visa preparation, and travel logistics are handled smoothly and efficiently. at aberdeen, we are fortunate to welcome many returning seasonal team members year after year, a testament to workaway’s ability to align the right talent with the right club.  we deeply value their expertise and commitment to excellence."
karen henry-kraft (hr director) - aberdeen golf & country club






“our club has utilized workaway international for over 20 years, and we have always experienced their professional and approachable service with our h-2b staffing needs. workaway has taken the time to fully understand our club operation which in turn ensures the presentation of excellent candidates committed to providing quality services to our exclusive membership.       the h-2b recruitment process is an extensive one and workaway guides its clients carefully through each step to ensure legal compliance and careful administration throughout.  we value their expertise and their commitment to both their clients and their participants.”
ingrid l. hope (hr director) - woodfield boca raton


















































































































all content and information on this website is the property of workaway international. no unauthorised reproductions.all rights reserved. copyright ©️ workaway international













