








home










































































































 

homewho we areour visionour teamboard and leadershipteam directoryour storytranslation statisticswhat we dowhy bible translationlanguage group maphow we workscripture engagementbible storytellingjoin uspraygiveeventsget activewycliffe linksservices & connectionschurch resourcesse workshopsstoriesgivecontact 




 
stories & news58days14hours57minutes31secondsget ticketsfind out morerun for the biblelessstoriesstoriesgod's word alive in every languagewycliffe linkswycliffe linkslinking god’s people to develop bible translationand build capacity for mission.who we arewho we are"for the earth will be filled with the knowledge of the glory of the lord as the waters cover the sea." - habakkuk 2:14what we dowhat we doour vision is transformed communities meaningfully engaging with god's wordjoin usjoin us"a diverse group of people are needed to get a diverse job done in a diverse world..."pray / givepraygiveyou can make a difference...eventseventsget active for god's word 
  






we want to see god’s word alive in every language!we want to see god’s word alive in every language! about half of the world's 7,000 languages do not yet have even one translated verse of god's word in the language of their hearts. when god’s word comes alive in a community’s language it brings renewal, transformation and new life. 
wycliffe south africa is privileged to partner with local churches and bible translation organisations across southern africa to bring god's word to them as soon as possible.find out more about…who we arewhat we doget involvedrun for the bibleless 
saturday 8th march, bunny park, 07:00-12:00
join us and many others for a family day out as we run and walk on behalf of the 1.3 billion people who do not have access to god’s transforming word in their own language.find out moreregister to runsend in sponsorship | donateregister to volunteerregister your eventlanguage groupscd clusterthese four language groups live in a volatile region where the dominant religion is not christian. translated scriptures will help to make the god of the bible known in an environment where it is very challenging and dangerous to preach the gospel. god has been faithful and has allowed scripture production to proceed well despite the challenges.read morehimbadeep in the heart of the namibian desert live these nomadic cattle herders, a people group of about 50,000 people. they were unable to connect with god through the written text of the neighbouring herero people. however, since 2015 many bible passages have been orally translated into himba and they are now in their third translation phase!read morehuila clusterthis cluster project is made up of the semi-nomadic angolan communities of handa, cilenge, and northwest !xung speakers. they completed 59 stories and 12 songs across the three language groups in phase 1. now, having completed their render training, they are ready to start phase 2 as separate projects each based in their home communities.read morekaapskaaps is spoken mainly by the coloured community in the cape flats in south africa. the kaaps culture is vibrant and colourful, known for their unique cultural music and creative verbal art. after centuries of discrimination, they are embracing their identity afresh, and the translation of god’s word into kaaps is a powerful message of validation.read morecamucuio clusterthe kamukuio translation serves 3 language groups, all accessible from kamukuio town in the southwest of angola. although the kwandu and humbe have been exposed to the gospel, the kuvale people had almost no believers or churches. praise god for the many narratives now translated, which are being distributed in the communities.read moremakhuwaspread across the northern provinces of mozambique is the emakhuwa language group, covering about 1/3 of the population. with translation well underway, the project coordinator reported that “many people walk long distances just to go and listen to the stories”. this cluster is now unbundling and continuing as 3 separate projects.read moremarenjethe marenje live in a tropical and mountainous region of mozambique, just across the border from malawi. in the churches, scripture has to be translated into marenje for them to understand it, so local church leaders have been asking for a bible translation into this language. they are doing well and have already completed the books of mark and luke!read moresepulanamapulaneng is the "place of the mapulana people." this language community of 800,000 have lobbied to have sepulana as an official language of mpumalanga for years. sepulana is one of 20 south african languages without a bible translation, but this is in the process of changing, as the team is now busy with a translation of the whole new testament!read moresiphuthitucked in the mountains of lesotho are the siphuthi speaking people. they have maintained their language and culture, and desperately needed a bible translation. despite being told it was not possible to translate god’s word in siphuthi, they successfully translated 47 stories in phase 1 and have now launched phase 2!read moreexplore moretranslationsread more about and partner with our ongoing translations across southern africasee current translation workget involvedbe part of the team by giving your time, prayers, finances, and advocating god's wordsee what's happeningstories & newsdiscover what is happening in the world of wycliffe and bible translationread morewycliffe linksconnect with opportunities, skills and resources across southern africaget connectedways to link in:services & connectionsexplore the wide varieties of areas that wycliffe sa are involved in. view morechurch resourceswe long for the south african church to be mobilised for mission. explore how to connect.view morese workshopsexplore the scripture-based workshop options available to you and your church.view morespread the word:









click to subscribe 


 +27 (0)11 452 2714 / 5 wycliffe@wycliffe.org.za



 

 

 



 
© 2025 wycliffe bible translation  |  terms & conditions

givecontact

search search

 
 






 home who we are our vision our team board and leadership team directory our story translation statistics what we do why bible translation language group map how we work scripture engagement bible storytelling join us pray give events get active wycliffe links services & connections church resources se workshops stories give contact  search  subscriptions   login









×




×




 
 
 

entry fee:
discovery ride joburg 94.7km - r 540.00
discovery ride joburg 40km - r 440.00
mountain bike ride 8km - r 180.00
mountain bike ride 25km - r 285.00
mountain bike ride 55km - r 385.00
discovery 947 kiddies ride (1 - 5.5km) - r 180.00
*click on any race image to goto the official faq page

 






×




×



					wycliffe cycle team entry form				








×




×




  







translation matters magazine





run for the bibleless







                please enable the javascript to submit this form			
























