





texas hill country lodging - foxfire cabins





















email
                us









 








now celebrating over 40 years of helping others make lasting  memories, foxfire cabins’ goal is to have guests leaving with a warm feeling  in their hearts!  located near the heart of the texas hill  country near lost maples state natural area, foxfire appeals  to the traveler who seeks a quieter, more intimate outing -- a place to enjoy  quiet surroundings, the sabinal river, big oak trees, the outdoors,  and night skies where the fireflies and stars are still bright.
open year round, each season offers special things for guests  to enjoy!  winter is a great time for cozy  cabin weekends, campfires & smores!   during the spring, our location is ideal for bird watching, biking,  hiking & motorcycle enthusiasts!  our swimming hole on the sabinal river is a guest favorite during the summer  months.  and lost maples state natural  area is a wonderful state park all year round, especially during its fall foliage peak season!
our fully furnished 2 bedroom/1bath log cabins at foxfire have been here with us from our start & offer a rustic, yet appealing step  back in time to a simpler style of life.   they sit on our 5-acre property along with the main house,  office, covered pavilion and playground as well as the best & most  dependable swimming hole to be found on the sabinal river!  foxfire also  offers a variety of different off-site vacation rentals in the immediate area  ranging in size and amenities offered.  and most of our places are pet  friendly!!! so, whether its seclusion, views, water, nature, exploring the  texas hill county, or a larger family gathering, foxfire cabins has  something you’re sure to enjoy.  being  family owned and operated from the beginning, we have always strived to offer the  best experience for as many people as possible, at an affordable price!  blessed with unsolicited media coverage from  our inception, we hope others will continue to come and enjoy the foxfire  experience!


























                     


since opening in 1984, fox fire has
                been blessed with unsolicited newspaper and magazine coverage. wonderful articles have appeared in the major newspapers
                of texas: dallas morning news, houston chronicle, austin american statesman, san antonio express. texas
                monthly, 1987, wrote an article on "cabin fever" and stated, "when i first saw fox fire i
                thought i was dreaming...  ". the book "great texas getaways" has sent guests our way for
                over 10 years. fox fire has been listed as a recommended accommodation by: texas parks and wildlife, dog
                fancy, ride texas, and fly-fishing texas. the new york times article
                in february '98 was picked up by the associated press and also ran in minneapolis/st. paul, seattle and
                miami. 
come discover for yourself what others already
                have in fox fire!
foxfire cabins are owned and operated by:
burt and lacy herrmann













sabinal river behind the main house



click an image to see a larger version of the sabinal river
























































                     





cabin photos • cabin layout • amenities & extras • main house • woodland house
indian mound ranchhouse • hacienda del sol • alta vista • buena vista • popie's place
rates • directions in the texas hill country • activities in the texas hill country • comments • important info


 
foxfire cabins
located in the texas hill country
                along the sabinal river
                117 olsen ranch road, vanderpool, tx, 78885
(830) 966-2200 , (877) 966-8200
email us

































 



