





















home | ohioline



















































skip to main content








the ohio state university




help
buckeyelink
map
find people
webmail
search ohio state



 













cfaes
give today



ohioline 

ohioline
https://ohioline.osu.edu




ohio state university extension












search form

search 





 

 

menu





 

homeadvanced searchaboutosu extension 








enter a search term, consult our tips for searching ▾, or browse the categories below.



search tips:

operator and effect
example



and narrows your results by saying all the search terms must be present in each result,
        although they do not necessarily have to be together.
      
crop and yield
      



or broadens your results by saying either search term is present in each result.
      
crop or yield
      



not narrows your results by saying a search term must not be present in each result.
      
crop not yield
      



quotation marks narrow your results by saying the entire phrase must be present in each result.
      
"crop yield"
      



        an asterisk is like a wild card. any other element can be part of the search term, which means
        a result can include other forms of the word, like children for child*.
child*
      





 
 
 












  
 horticulture  

  
 food  

  
 community  

  
 home, yard and garden  

  
 business and land ownership  

  
 ag crops and livestock  

  
 family and youth  

  
 farm management  

  
 energy and environment  

  
 insects and pests  

 

 
 
 




home


recent updates



  

managing anxiety with diet
feb 17, 2025    
          according to the world health organization, anxiety disorders are the most common, worldwide, mental health disorders, with 301 million people in the world experiencing anxiety disorder as of 2019. one of the core characteristics of anxiety disorders is an unrealistic and extreme worry about daily occurrences.  


teff for forage production
feb 17, 2025    
          teff, eragrostis tef, is an annual grass that has been gaining popularity for forage production. this warm-season grass originated in ethiopia and has gained acceptance in many parts of the world for both its grain and forage qualities, with forage use receiving attention in the united states. baling, ensiling, and grazing are potential options for this forage. its hay typically has good palatability, which is likely due to its fine stem structure and soft leaf tissue.  


managing depression with diet
feb 17, 2025    
          according to a 2023 national survey, 29% of adults in the united states have been diagnosed with depression at some point in their lives and 17.8% are currently being treated for depression. women are reported to have the highest risk for depression, with 36.7% being diagnosed with depression at some point in their lives and 23.8% being treated for depression at the time of the survey (witters, 2024).  
 

more updates 
 











 

 







search form

search 





 












 to print a fact sheet, use the "print" command in your browser. you may then either print the fact sheet or save it as a pdf. best printed in google chrome.
  

 




osu extension publishing
chowline
extension offices
family fundamentals
 



social media

osue youtube
 

 










locate an office
we connect with people in all stages of life, from young children to older adults.  we work with families and children, farmers and businessowners, community leaders and elected officials to build better lives, better businesses and better communities to make ohio great.





locate an office in my county
locate a statewide office
extension personnel directory


 
 





©  2025 the ohio state university, college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences


ohioline

college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences
	2120 fyffe road | room 3 ag admin bldg.
	columbus, ohio 43210
	phone: 614-292-6181
 




give now
login
 

 






the ohio state university
college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences
ohio state university extension
ohio agricultural research and development center
ohio state ati










2025 | 2120 fyffe road | room 3 ag admin bldg. | columbus, ohio 43210 | 614-292-6181
accessibility accommodation
if you have a disability and experience difficulty accessing this content request accommodation here.
maintenance and support
this site designed and maintained by cfaes marketing and communications.  for technical support please contact the cfaes helpdesk. 
 cfaes diversity  |  nondiscrimination notice  |  site map





 












