



elmora youth little league




































home of the 2019 
                                mid-atlantic champions















































for quality issues, please contact






qc@elmorayou th.com




























































elmora youth league is a nonprofit organization based in elizabeth, new jersey and was established in 1974. eyl also 
                                            became a chartered member of the little league organization of williamsport, pa in 1999. since inception it has been eyl's goal to provide a safe and healthy environment for our kids to come and play 
                                            youth sports. while eyl is known for its commitment to youth sports, that is not all they do. eyl will always step up and participate in community events , which include food drives, disaster recovery 
                                            efforts, and  local volunteering efforts. eyl believes that it takes a combination of structured youth sports and community outreach events to mold the future leaders of our community. the league is 
                                            staffed by volunteer parents.  eyl forms baseball and softball teams that participate in the little league district  tournaments.  the participants are selected from registered players in 
                                            the spring season.




elizabeth, nj


little league chartered since 1999


founded 1974















































click image below for pdf version








































questions, please e-mail







info@elmorayouth.com











elmora youth league zero tolerance policythe link below has been placed here to remind parents and spectators that we have certain expectation regarding behavior at eyll 
                                            events.  we also have a zero tolerance policy.   please take a moment to read the policy.  this is published on pages 7 to 10 in the annual league book.  click here for the policy.























click here to view photos of our phr winners









click here for more photos of 2024 opening day.








click here to view photos of our division champions.




























click below for link to registration portal.
https://leagues.bluesombrero.com/elmorayouthleague

























a look back at the fall 2024 season.please click to view photos of of division champions.have a great off season! 
                                                    


















































help support our league by patronizing our sponsors. 




sign sponsorsclick here for more information.





2024 sponsorsamerican plumbing supplyamerican 
                                            shave classic barberbishop photobyn custom design, llcwilliam calzadillamaria z. carvalhoiliana chevrescorneck family foundationelmora auto salesfmba # 9f&s 
                                            tiresgriffith brothers insurancehispanic law enforcement assoc. of uccouncilman kevin j. kinieryk of c council  #253leones cubanos de elizabethmatos oral surgerymatos 
                                            orthodonticsmayor bollwagemontville periodonticspipes & drums of the blue and goldcouncilwoman patricia perkins-augustep.b.a. # 4puerto rican alliance of elizabethr.corbo 
                                            constructionsalermo jewelersaugust f. schmidt memorial funeral homesenator joseph cryansignature select painting and contractingsunrise dinersupreme search groupsuspenders 
                                            restaurant & pubunion dental groupuniversity radiology 
























our first year



















the bad news bears



















1st year on hanratty




















1st year little league



















11s win district


















oh what a year this was in 2019.



















the book is back, on-line at least.











check out our league book covers over the years. click here.














questions, please e-mail





info@elmorayouth.com














web page issues





webmaster@elmorayouth.com












