










home - pace






















































skip to content











phone icon





facebook icon





twitter icon





instagram icon











pace - people acting in community endeavors











donate link via paypal


donate 




































 
homeabout board of directors community needs assessment annual reportsprograms          get involved donate volunteerjobscontact customer satisfaction survey




















 







 





people acting in community endeavors






for brighter futures






















pace programs












fuel assistance information












ways to give


















pace mission
it is the mission of pace to deliver innovative and effective services and programs to members of the greater new bedford community in their pursuit of brighter futures.



pace was incorporated as an anti-poverty community action agency in 1982 to mobilize and utilize both public and private resources to affect the improvement of the economic and social quality of life for low-income residents of the greater new bedford area. 
for more information please email: help@paceinfo.org or call 508-999-9920.























housing & finances

fuel assistance
housing opportunity center
free tax preparation










education

head start
youth build
clemente course in the humanities










health & nutrition

food bank
health access
lead program










family services

child care works
coordinated family community engagement - cfce
parentchild +


















pace - people acting in community endeavors for over 40 years




























































affirmative action equal employment plan


affirmative action equal employment plan 2024







pace annual report 2023


2023 pace annual report please read about all of our programs and services in our annual report! click here: https://paceinfo.org/pace-annual-report-2023/    
















therapy dog helps improve mental health at pace head start


new bedford, ma — pace head start is an early childhood learning center that provides education and services to over 200 children and families from…
















pace tackles food insecurity


pace is taking a stand against hunger – join us! hunger is a pressing issue, and we need your help to support our community. from…
















diapers n’ things, improving children’s health one diaper at a time


diapers and other infant items are available for families to pick up every tuesday alternating between pace and cedc. please email tdesnoyers@paceccw.org for more information.…
















january apartment listings


pace housing opportunity center any questions about emergency housing needs: please contact our housing opportunities center at 508-993-0033 many families and individuals are struggling to…
































pace is a member of the massachusetts association for community action 





















proud member of one southcoast chamber












 














copyright © 2020, people acting in community endeavors, inc. all rights reserved.









 
translate »scroll to top


























