

























home | part of westford
















part of westford
amateur radio club of westford, massachusetts


homemember assistanceactivitiesfox huntingmeetingspast meetings minutesrepeatersrules of conduct & linking policyd-star statusd-star registrationclub informationpart leadership teampart in the newshistoryhistory on videoarticles of organizationin memoriamresourcesemergency commsclub presentationsparticles 2010-2019particles 2000-2009minecraftcontact us
show more content







police amateur radio team of westford, massachusettsan arrl special service clubwb1gof



















































welcome to part of westford, an arrl special service amateur radio club serving eastern massachusetts! we have monthly meetings, breakfasts, kit-building sessions, and many operating and social events throughout the year, and we welcome everyone with an interest in amateur radio, whether licensed or not. our diverse membership has interests ranging from public service support and community outreach, to radio contesting, equipment construction, radio fox hunting, and more. in fact, it is the diversity of our interests that has kept the club strong and vibrant throughout its 45+ year run.if you have an interest in ham radio but don't know how to get started, please join us at one of our club meetings, either in person, or online. to get on the invitation list for our meetings, including a link for the video-conference, just join our email group (instructions at the bottom of this page).it's easy to become a part member. just scroll to the bottom of this page to the "join part" section and fill out an application.click on the menu tabs at the top of this page to learn more about us. 
â â club news



part member wayne, ag1a, is a featured guest on the january 29, 2025, episode of the bi-weekly hamnation video podcast. wayne is interviewed about the home seismograph he built that recorded the earthquake that occurred off the coast of maine last week, but then he also discusses his ham radio activities, horses, and of course, his delorean. you can view the show at this link; wayne’s interview starts at the 43:40 point.welcome to new part members: chris, w1ytq, of lexington, ma, will, wj1wj, of billerica, ma, steve, w1gmm, of wilmington, ma, jack, k1jwc, of warwick, ri, dan, kc1vmx, of chelmsford, ma, rob, ac1sp, of westford, and eric, n1std, of stoneham, ma!congratulations to chris, kc1mqy, for upgrading to extra class!	officer elections were held at the november part meeting. officers for 2025 are: president: george, k1ig, vice president: adam, aa1n, treasurer: alan, w1ahm, and secretary: kevin, kc1tjd. congratulations to our new officers!the official 2024 field day results have been posted in december qst, and part truly excelled! we operated in the 4ab category (club station with four active qrp transmitters powered by batteries and solar power), and our 7,805 points in this category placed us at #2 nationwide out of five. compared to all 4a stations (at all power levels qrp - 500 watts) operating on generators, batteries, or commercial power, we placed #13 nationwide out of 111, and #1 in massachusetts (ema and wma sections). after adding in the scores of the five home stations who participated, our total is 12,081. well done to all part members!the slides presented at the october 2024 part meeting on the "part improvement program" are available in the club presentations tab.



several part members did a pota activation at great brook state park in carlisle, ma, on monday, october 14, 2024. shown above are adam, aa1n, niece, ka1uln, and matt, kc1ubh. also participating were andy, kb1oiq, and kevin, kc1tje.



after a recent part breakfast, several club members went to a nearby state park and activated a parks on the air (pota) station. shown above is michelle, kc1uml, making contacts.welcome to new part member will, wj1wj, of billerica!welcome to new part members steven, ac1rz, of andover, jim, aa1ba, of cambridge, steven, kc1ubt, of andover, michael, ab1hv, of burlington, ed, kc1ugk, of north chelmsford, and armand, kc1vfh, of chelmsford!



at the july part meeting we reviewed the 2024 field day results and presented awards for the best dx. shown in the photo above are andy, kb1oiq, and chris, w1xg, who both contacted stations in hawaii on cw. since we operated qrp for this event, these contacts established both of them as members of the "1,000 miles per watt" club. you can see the complete field day results here.congratulations to ginny, kc1tje, on upgrading to general class!welcome to new part members alan, ac1qx, of westford, jeff, kc1qfd, of acton, michael, kc1ufq, of carlisle, michelle, kc1uml, of acton, and rich, k1sib, of carlisle!congratulations to part member wayne, ag1a, for achieving worked all states (was) on satellite! 



in preparation for field day in june, 2024, part recently conducted a cw course using the cwops curriculum. the photo above shows five of our graduates: kevin, kc1tjd, dom, ag8d, andy, kb1oiq, john, wb2osz, and cj, ns1n. (not shown: ginny, kc1tje) congratulations to our new operators!the presentation on "swr and simple antennas" given at the february 2024 part meeting by bob, w1is, can be seen in the club presentations tab.in recognition of part's performance over the last two years, and our potential in the years to come, we have again been named an arrl special service club! this designation is effective until december, 2025. congratulations to all the part members who contributed to this achievement!general information for part members, including descriptions and availability of loaner gear, can now be found on the "member assistance" tab.compliance with fcc rf exposure rules are now mandatory for all ham stations. it takes very little effort to evaluate your station; you can use the arrl's rf exposure calculator for every frequency band, antennas, and the maximum power level to obtain a complete environmental analysis. see may 2023 qst, page 64, for more information.



part member bob, w1is, has been interviewed on the qso today podcast for march 4, 2023. you can read the show notes and listen to the podcast here. qso today has interviewed three other part members as well; click on the links to listen: scott, ne1rd, fred, ab1oc, and george, k1ig.



part member andy, kb1oiq, has made a hackaday video presentation about "andy's ham radio linux," a distro for linux users that provides all the linux software you need for a complete ham station.  you can view it here.the repeaters tab now shows a map of wb1gof repeater coverage around new england.part has been awarded a grant of $22,000 by the arrl foundation for incorporation of amateur radio functionality into the minecraft online game. congratulations to lucas, w1btr, for leading this effort! learn more about this project by visiting the minecraft page on this site.
â â club meetings





weekly two meter netevery sunday 8 pm146.955 (-) pl 74.4echolink: wb1gof-r




monthly club meetingthird tuesday 7:30 pmcameron senior center20 pleasant streetwestford, ma
monthly club meetings are conducted in-person at the cameron senior center, and online via the webex video conferencing system. a link for joining the meeting is sent to everyone on our email list a few days before the meeting. join the list and attend a meeting no matter where you live!upcoming meetings:tuesday, february 18, 2025we'll have a presentation on hamclock, a kiosk-style application that provides real time space weather, radio propagation models, operating events and other information particularly useful to the radio amateur. in addition, we'll be taking on our next kit-building project with the raspberry pi-zero. the two bobs (w1is and kc1dsq) will introduce their latest wire antenna book.





monthly club breakfastfirst saturday 8 ampaul's diner6 carlisle roadwestford, ma






weekly club breakfastevery wednesday 8 amfour sisters owl diner244 appleton streetlowell, ma






nightly 10 meter netevery night (especially wednesday) there's an informal rag-chew on 28.400 mhz ssb. if you don't hear anyone, put out a call and see who's there!
wb1gof repeater statusthere are three wb1gof repeaters: a 2 meter analog repeater, and two d-star repeaters.  for full info on repeater frequencies, access, new antennas, and coverage, click here.to monitor the wb1gof analog repeater on your computer or smartphone, click here.all repeaters are operationalecholink is downjoin the wb1gof d-star users group here.join the wb1gof dmr users group here.please send signal reports to repeater@wb1gof.orgheavy weather and emergenciesduring periods of heavy weather (snowstorms, blizzards, hurricanes) and public emergencies, monitor the wb1gof 2 meter analog repeater (146.955 -, pl 74.4) for information.all hams are encouraged to get skywarn training. for information on skywarn and skywarn training, click here.
â â upcoming events





click here for the contest calendar





license training & testingthe arrl learning center on youtube now offers online training for the technician class license. this series of videos features dave casler, ke0og, qst’s “ask dave” columnist, who leads viewers through the arrl ham radio license manual. these videos supplement the manual and provide an overview of the sections you’ll be studying, along with a few videos on how things work. the technician training videos are available here.several organizations offer both in-person and online testing for amateur radio license exams. click on the links to these websites for details:hamstudy has a listing of sites around americawm7x offers online testingmit radio society offers in-person and online testingbillerica amateur radio society offers in-person testingmmra offers in-person testing at several locations in marlborough
â â join partwould you like to become a member of part? you can fill out the application and mail it to: part of westford, po box 503, westford, ma 01886, or you can join at any part club meeting. annual duesfull member: $25.00 family membership: $30.00 full-time student member under 25: free senior member (over 64): $15.00. associate member (non-hams only): $10.00 first year free for anyone first licensed less than a year prior to joining!â â subscribe to part emailpart uses groups.io for club email and notifications.  groups.io gives us a lot of capability to manage email to members, and additionally provides space for files, photos, and even a wiki. signing up and using the system is easy; go here and request to join. be sure to put your call sign on the request to join.â â arrl membership & renewaldoes your arrl membership expire in the next three months, or are you interested in joining arrl (the national association for amateur radio) and getting all the benefits?  if so, fill out this application and bring it to the next part meeting along with your arrl dues payment. joining arrl or renewing arrl membership through part helps support our club.
â â part supports these organizations







arrl eastern massachusetts section




arrl new england division






american radio relay league




westford food pantythe westford food pantry provides services for individuals and families in the local community and surrounding towns with emergency, short and long-term needs for quality fresh and dry foods along with personal care and household items. you can donate food at five drop-box locations in westford and at the food pantry itself. for a location list, go here.








do you want to get an amateur radio license and participate in the world's greatest hobby?  the american radio relay league licensing website is the place to start (click here), then come to a part club meeting to get more information!


part of westford po box 503 westford, ma 01886 
follow us on social media



























© 2020 wb1gof.org contact us


click for radiocraft news!



