







at home inspections | chicagoland home inspectors












































home
the at home difference

the at home experience
what we cover
meet our inspectors


sample reports
reviews
resources

contractor contacts
student information


customer center

service area
faq
links
guarantees


contact
at home inspectwith more than 20 years of engineering, home repair, and remodeling experience. schedule inspection now!
or call 847-676-4222


home
why get a professional home inspection?
real estate is usually the largest investment you will ever make, yet many people do so without knowing the condition of the property they are purchasing. an at home inspection is a thorough, unbiased, comprehensive, visual examination of the physical structure and systems of a home or building.
home inspections take roughly 3 to 5 hours and reveal the condition and operation of the complex systems and components of the property. radon testing is an additional option that must be done in the home for 48 hours.
a professional home inspection provides property buyers with the right information to make a sound and informed purchase. having this information before you purchase, sell, repair, or remodel can return many dividends both financially and emotionally.
whether it is your first, fifth, dream home, or retirement home, a home inspection can help you avoid costly repairs that are not readily visible to the untrained professional.
a small expense today may save you from the burden of a large repair expense tomorrow. informed realtors are recommending at home inspections when their customers are buying a home.
at home inspections uses the latest inspection processes, tools, and techniques to give our clients the information they need to make a comfortable purchase decision. our inspectors utilize tablet pcs with homegauge inspection software to give customers their reports delivered next-day via email. our inspectors are trained and certified by ita.
please look at our qualifications and contact us to schedule your inspection. we look forward to helping you with your next home inspection!
read our reviews
      excellent       based on 74 reviews                  sabado e.  may 29, 2023     dedric is a professional and i cannot recommend him highly enough. if you want prompt communication, quick turnaround on a report and a highly detailed and thorough inspection report dedric is the guy to use.

i worked with dedric on a 2 flat that i was considering for purchase in the canaryville neighborhood back in 2021. his inspection was extremely thorough and helped me ultimately decide to not purchase given the sellers lack of willingness to correct multiple areas of significant concern as identified by dedric. the realtor i worked with (who also runs a property mangaement company) and has been in the business for 20 years said he has never seen a more thorough inspection report.

more recently i worked with dedric a second time in 2023 to look at home in the lemont suburb. once again dedric was professional, thorough, detailed and timely with his communication. i set-up an appointment with his office on a monday for the coming saturday. he showed up early and spent around 4 hours looking over a fairly large 4000 sq ft property and the report was available for review before noon the following sunday!

if you need a home inspector dedric is your guy.              shenna j.  may 19, 2023     i recently had the pleasure of working with dedric moore, and i must say that i was thoroughly impressed with dedric's professionalism and attention to detail. dedric was extremely courteous and respectful, taking the time to explain his process and answering any questions i had.

throughout the inspection, dedric demonstrated a keen eye for detail, carefully examining every aspect of the property. dedric was thorough and meticulous, and i truly felt that he had my best interests at heart. dedric provided me with a detailed report of his findings the morning following the inspection, which was both informative and easy to understand.

what impressed me most about dedric was his commitment to quality. he took his time to ensure that nothing was overlooked, and went above and beyond to ensure that i was completely satisfied with his work. i would highly recommend dedric moore to anyone in need of a thorough and reliable inspection. dedric's professionalism, expertise, and attention to detail truly set him apart, and i am grateful to have had the opportunity to work with him.              m l.  april 9, 2022     jeff is the best home inspector i've ever had the pleasure of working with. he's thorough, knowledgeable, patient, and always mindful of safety. we hired him to do an inspection on a single family home. even before the inspection, jeff called me within an hour after i booked the appointment to understand some of the concerns i mentioned when talking to his assistant. on the day of, despite the cold weather he spent an hour with us just to inspect the outside, helping us understand more about the house. he did a great job explaining to us what is critical and needs an immediate fix v.s what is good to have but not a big deal. he also offered very practical advice and recommendations. we ended up spending 3 hours on the inspection which truly provided us a valuable opportunity to learn the in's and outs of the house before we made the decision to purchase. the report came the next day with great detail and pictures. it was also apparent to us that jeff cares deeply and takes pride in his profession(not sure but i think he also teaches inspection classes). i will definitely use jeff again should the need arise.

i also wanted to give a shout-out to his assistant cheryl who was very responsive and made sure my concerns about the house were heard and addressed when i called to schedule the inspection. thank you!              ashley m.  february 20, 2022     dedric is a fantastic home inspector. he was on time, thorough, and went above my expectations. he looked into everything, and explained things to me so i would understand. i could not have asked for a better inspector!              dee n.  january 17, 2022     i booked an inspection with dedric moore from at home inspections and my expectations were exceeded. dedric was highly knowledgeable, attentive to details, and thorough in his inspection. he took the time to explain his observations, involving the client in the process - this works as an excellent resource for a new home buyer. he happily applied my discount and issued the report promptly. the report issued was very detailed and captured all observations with photos and comments. i highly recommend at home inspections and grateful to have worked with dedric!              taryn s.  october 18, 2021     best money i ever spent! jeff performed a thorough inspection for us and showed immense knowledge about every aspect of the home. his expertise and recommendations helped us make one of the biggest decisions of our lives... and probably saved us a lot of money in the long run!              flavio g.  march 26, 2021     i'm very happy the way deric came out to the property i requested and pointed out all the things in a professional matter definitely 5stars thanks again .
    the request i put in was also in range of 5stars they came out quickly just when i needed them too..              ashley f.  march 5, 2021     jeff recently did a home inspection of a condo my husband and i plan to purchase. he made us feel comfortable from the start. he explained the entire process to me in detail before we even scheduled the inspection, and he was extremely flexible with scheduling. during the inspection jeff was extremely thorough, friendly, and explained everything to us in ways we could understand. he knows his stuff! we received the report fairly quickly and it was extremely detailed. if you need a home inspection, definitely contact the at home inspections team!              eric m.  february 21, 2021     jeff recently performed an inspection of a condo i'm hoping to purchase in chicago. i attended the inspection and learned a lot about the place and it's condition, including areas i should pay attention to if i close. really helpful, and a quality report to reference back to. and jeff was really pleasant, knowledgeable, accommodating and timely. a+. thanks jeff!           
read more reviews


 schedule inspection now!
or call 847-676-4222

 © copyright 2023 at home inspections · all rights reserved · designed by get art seen




