



	pantomime scripts and plays - read complete scripts for pantomimes and plays on line at lazy bee scripts




















            
            lazy bee scripts
            
a bookstore of scripts for pantomimes and plays.
    with one-act-plays, plays for schools and children's theatre groups and panto scripts all on line.






pantomime search

search kids' plays

full-length plays

one-act plays

sketches and shorts

search musicals

plays with music



search a category =>

search by title

search by author

find a few

full search



search by title

search by author

full search



scripts =>

murder mysteries =>

e- & audio books



scripts +/- show rights

murder mysteries

music cds & mp3s

streaming & video rights

e- & audio books

greeting cards

theatrical goodies

stitched logos



pantomime

for schools / youth

musical works

full-length plays

one-act plays

sketches & short plays

religious & moral plays

play script collections



buy now =>

browse scripts =>

browse murder mysteries

music cds & mp3s

e- & audio books

greeting cards

theatrical goodies

catalogue

stitched logos



scripts +/- show rights

murder mysteries

music cds & mp3s

video rights

e- & audio books

greeting cards

theatrical goodies

stitched logos



buy now =>

shopping basket

download purchases

unpaid orders

receipts & invoices

reading lists

feedback

private pages

discount coupons



script appraisal

publication process

author / supplier portal



help

terms & conditions

contact us

publishing =>

about lazy bee

other places



searchshopcustomersmenu


for the menu above to work, you need to enable javascript on your browser.  see the "help" section via the menus below...
                
browse
search
buy
customers
get help
catalogue
publishing





pick a pantomime script or a play script from the shelf - you get to browse the
			script before you choose whether to buy it or not. (like a bookstore, you can't take away the script unless you
			buy it, but you can sit in a quiet corner and read.)

what's new? will tell you about our recently published plays, pantomimes, murder mysteries and more, or check out 
    what's hot for our best-selling scripts in each category.
         
	
		
            





scripts for pantomimes


    our 
        pantomime scripts page provides 
    links to the full list of pantos plus lots of ways of finding the script that's right for your group.
	our pantomime catalogue contains all the usual favourites (aladdin, cinderella, jack and the beanstalk, mother
	goose, sleeping beauty, puss-in-boots...) plus a smattering of less common titles (the man in the moon, the swan
	princess, sinbad...)
    if you are looking for something specific, then you click here for our 
        pantomime search 
     facility (search by number of characters, run-time, etc.)
	if you want to browse a simpler list, then we have divided the pantomimes into:-
full-length, full-cast pantomimes
    (which usually means there is a chorus supporting the principal characters and 
	run times typically 90 minutes or more)
full-length, small-cast pantos (without a chorus)
mid-sized pantomime scripts, usually (but not always!) performed by schools and youth theatres
short, rhyming pantomimes 
    (including richard coleman's "short pants" series)
    in case you're averse to verse we also have short, non-rhyming pantomimes
    there's also a category of things that are not pantomimes, but fit into the same theatrical slot of 
        family entertainment.

	there's also an explanation of the british form of 
        pantomime.  
        (british panto is very different from the rest of the european pantomime tradition). for the really pedantic, there is even a justification of the use of "snow white and
							the seven dwarves " instead of "snow white and the seven dwarfs"!
        


drama for schools and youth theatre

    these are scripts used as school plays or by youth drama groups or other kids' organisations.  they vary from 
	short, small-cast dramas to longer pieces for large cast productions (and covering everywhere in between). from our 
        youth theatre scripts page, 
        you can filter in various ways to get to lists of scripts which might suit your group.  the listings give overviews, including length, style 
        and number of characters.  from there, you can then click on the name of a play to read the complete script online.
        because there are so many scripts, we have provided a facility to 
        search for youth drama.
		we have also grouped scripts by minimum age (but treat this very cautiously - maturity levels vary enormously):-
starting at 5 years / 
        starting at 9 years< / 
        starting at 13 years.  
        (particularly for older children, it may also be worth looking outside the school drama category.)  there's also a subset of 
        plays for primary schools (i.e. suitable for the whole range of ages) that means 
        elementary school plays in the usa.
        


musicals / musical plays

        we supply full musical scores with some of our scripts.  these include full-blown musicals, musical plays/pantomimes and plays with the occasional song.  
        the "scripts for musicals" page will give you an overview.  
                            (that page is split into "musicals" where the music is integral to the piece and "plays with music" where the 
                            suggested music is optional.)   
                            from there you can drill down into script listings, and, as usual, from the 
                            listings, clicking on a script name will take you to the on-line version of the text.
                            with some of the scripts we supply a cd as an optional extra.  (the cds will be offered to you when you look up
							the price of a script!  you can also find the 
        music cds here.)
        


sketches

		the 
        sketches, skits and ten-minute plays 
        section includes pieces with run times ranging from one minute to twenty minutes and a vast range of styles - from somewhere near stand-up comedy via parody to philosophy!
		the main sketches page offers various ways of listing the sketches (including numbers of characters - particularly useful if you want a monologue).  
        if you don't want to browse through the whole list, then try our 
        sketch and short play search facility.
        




scripts for one-act plays

        one act plays are beloved of amdram societies and competitions.  the main  
        one-act plays page has various ways of leading you to appropriate listings, 
        where clicking on a play title will take you to the full text.
        the shows here vary in length enormously.  the rule of thumb is that they will fill up to half 
		an evening's entertainment!  (that gives a run-time of anything between 20 and 75 minutes!)
		the variety here is immense.  there is even a selection of one-act shakespeare plays.  (there!  you didn't even realise there were any!)
        if you have specific requirements (for example a limit to the number of characters), try using our 
        one-act play search engine.
        


full-length play scripts

        the full-length play scripts page gives you ways of drilling 
        down to the listings where you can find an overview of each play, including length and numbers of characters.  
        clicking on a play title in the listings will take you to a page where you can read the complete script.
        the full-length plays are generally in two acts, and long enough to fill an evening's entertainment
		in their own right. there is a wide variety of lengths (as you can see from the fact that some scripts appear in
		both the full-length and one-act categories) and a wide variety of styles, including melodrama, period drama and 
		a range of comic forms including farce.
        


murder mysteries

		this category is for 
        whodunnits where the audience participates 
        in some way.  (so if you are looking for a murder mystery play with no audience 
        involvement (other than tumultuous applause), then look under one-act plays or 
        full-length plays.)  here, participation usually means that the audience turns 
        sleuth and has to solve the mystery.  sometimes (but not always) that involves 
        interrogating the cast.  sometimes (but not always) the audience gets written 
        clues.  the cast may have a full script or may need to improvise in large or 
        small measure.  murder mysteries are frequently performed as dinner theatre 
        events.  as you can see, there's a wide variety.  find something to meet your 
        needs with our 
        murder mystery search facility.
        


bespoke play scripts
            lazy bee scripts can also provide you with a customised script. 
        click here for the bespoke scripts service.  
            (you'll need to tell us what you want, and we'll have to tell you how much it will cost!)
        


goodies!

							in addition to the scripts, we have theatre-related merchandise, including
theatrical greeting cards, 
                            pantomime fun-packs  
                                and 
                            spoof advertisements  for your show programme, 
        the dafta awards
        (certificates to celebrate contributions to your show) and  
        music cds to accompany some of the scripts.
                                you can also purchase 
        video rights (licences to video your performance)
                                there are also 
        ebooks (a category encompassing all manner of downloadable texts other than drama scripts or murder mysteries) and 
        audio books, which means audio recordings other than music.
            


custom-embroidered clothing

                    what, you might well ask, has embroidery got to do with theatre?
                    well, nothing, except that lots of people get sets of
        polo shirts, t-shirts,
        sweatshirts, hoodies or
        fleeces for their productions.
you can get them here.  
                    
                    (and we even have pre-prepared logos to match some of our popular titles!)
                    we've even had the lazy bee scripts logo embroidered... 
        






 
lazy bee scripts home page



