







dogspeak




















































0









        skip to content
      



























        home
      


about


services


partners


benefits


contact us
















open menu
close menu
















open menu
close menu

























        home
      


about


services


partners


benefits


contact us



























                  home
                



about


services


partners


benefits


contact us

















 











































about dogspeak 



hi, my name is faryn weller and i am responsible for the development of dogspeak and it's canine programs. i have been exposed to many different breeds, temperaments, backgrounds, environments, and age groups.i have extensive experience working with aggressive, stubborn, hyperactive, and fearful dogs, as well as in homes that have more than one dog. my work continues to follow the path of working with a diverse group of dogs and staying up-to-date with training methods and tools. dogspeak provides dog training and behavior modification to meet your particular needs.



with dogspeak, you and your dog receive one-to-one attention, guidance and training all in your own home.learn to communicate with your dog effectively by reaching out to dogspeak.











 


“faryn is a dog whisperer. she helped us work through some leash reactivity with our dog and gave us the tools we needed to build our confidence as his leaders, and his security and confidence in us. he adores her and in her presence is completely at ease, which puts us all at ease!”

— jay d

 































 




services 

 

as a certified dog trainer and behaviorist, dogspeak can teach your dog basic obedience, correct unwanted behavior, and assist you in preventing future problems. services will not only teach the basic commands, but right from wrong, how to read hand and body signals and intonation of voice. this work is all implemented through the use of correction, praise and positive reinforcement techniques.in order to ensure you receive the highest quality training for your dog, dogspeak offers a free evaluation and consultation in your home.the scheduling is flexible and the sessions take place at your home, indoors and outdoors.sessions cover many of the following:5 principles of dog training • heel • sit • auto-sit • stay • down • come • drop • no! • off • leave it • housebreaking • crate training • teething • barking • separation anxiety • feeding • begging • jumping • biting/aggression • socialization • jealousy • car travel • a new baby

 



puppy pre-school



consists of one or two puppy preschool sessions. the sessions take place in your home with all family members (if desired). you will learn the correct methods to use for housebreaking, scheduling of feedings, walking, socializing, teething, etc. you will also be given information regarding products you may need for your puppy within the first year.dogspeak is available for you to call or text 24/7. this is very helpful for those of you who just got a puppy.

 








basic obedience


usually consists of a five-week program in your home (each session is about an hour).dogspeak will instruct you on the five necessary basic obedience commands:heel, sit & auto-sit, stay, down and comeall of these commands may be reaffirmed later in a distracted environment to ensure that your dog will listen to you regardless of his surroundings.

 







individual sessions


sessions vary based on your needs and desires.

 


“working with faryn was great. fenway loved her and listened! she did well at training not only the dog but my husband and me!!! she was clear on her instructions, consistent and helped fenway understand the basic commands. faryn is very professional and at the same time is warm and engaging. her methods for training fenway worked and her love of animals was very obvious. i would highly recommend her. thanks faryn!!!”

— erika b

 









 










 








































satisfied customers 

 









 


“as first time dog parents, we were incredibly nervous when our 8 week old labradoodle puppy came home. faryn was there to guide us every step of the way, extremely approachable and timely in responses for every little question that we had. she got our puppy trained into a very well behaved dog who is gentle with our 4 year old child and an absolute delight that everyone loves to be with. if you’re looking for an awesome, dependable and meticulous dog trainer, look no further than faryn at dogspeak.”

— purvi n

 




















skye









coquito









berli









riley









bronny









peanut









nyla









baxter









asher









zoey









cooper









charlie









mel









jax









onyx









casey









lucy









jackson









bleu









calogero









raleigh









smores









ricky









blake









fenway









jd









sebastian









nahla









joey









sydney









cooper









sadie









messier









delilah









che









bella









luca









lola









gypsy









gigle









buster









ollie









birdie









max

















 









 



























partners 

 









dog walking

josh huayamave
551.556.8022
ig joshs_pet_services











dog sitting / overnights

josh huayamave
551.556.8022
ig joshs_pet_services







grooming

mobile paw spanat herrera
arrazcaeta
mobilefurrypawspa.com
201.691.7143
ig mobilefurrypawspa

 
















rescue

rbari
adoptlove@rbari.org 
volunteer@rbari.org
201.337.51802
shelter lane oakland, nj 07436
ig rbarishelter  









 




















 







  benefitsof a well-trained dog



the benefits of having a well-trained dog are nearly limitless! from the moment you get your new puppy or dog, here is a list of some of the advantages and benefits:

 
he doesn’t beg at the table
he doesn’t jump on guests
he doesn’t have accidents in the house
he doesn’t bark endlessly
he doesn’t bother your neighbors
he doesn’t eat the garbage
he doesn’t pull on the leash
he doesn’t destroy your house when left alone
he comes when called
he sits when told to do so
he is a fully participating member of the family
he only chews his toys, but is not possessive of them
he is more confident and relaxed
he is sociable with people and other dogs
he has an easier time when seeing the vet orgroomer
he can go virtually anywhere without being a risk or nuisance to others
he has a strong bond with you 

he is happy and you are proud of all the hard work you both did together

 




















 









 













contact us 



thank you for considering dogspeak to solve your dog training and behavior needs. if you are interested in any of the services or would like further information, please fill out the form below.

our system has encountered an error.  this exception has been automatically logged and reported. bb5dg5el2zxtrb8t3xwh













 

instagram news





















 













 








instagram






yelp





copyright © 2023 dogspeak, site design by faryn weller﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿ 





















