










home - claremore area chamber of commerce


























































 
 


















skip to content














 
join todaymembership directorymember to member dealsmember login



























































menu 
about us board of directors & chamber staff joining the claremore area chamber of commerce chamber ambassadors contact uswelcome to claremore claremore housing resources about claremore education city of claremore rogers county sold on claremore healthcare parks & recreation transportation visit claremore lodging shopping dining real estate entertainment map weather brochuresadvocacy & resources legislative agenda contact elected officials eggs & issues claremore day at the capitol business resourcesevents events calendar networking opportunities quarterly chamber luncheons leading ladies luncheons hot topic lunch chamber issue forum chamber mix & mingle programs leading ladies awards nominations 2024 chamber leadership scholarship business after hours shop local! santa cash promotion claremore day at the capitolmembership join the chamber membership benefits directory discounts chamber ambassadors ribbon cutting chamber advertising ribbon cutting celebration card chamber directory chamber relocation packet events postcard chamber website website plus c-more in 60 seconds chamber e-newsletter member-to-member e-blasts2024 annual reportnews news releases ccs announces tax credits for school donations photo gallery video gallery




















 















 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 























mark your calendar










view all events









































2024-2025 directory





















 



claremore area chamber of commerce

 









welcome our new chamber members































view all members












thank you to our chairman's circle partners



























welcome to the claremore area chamber of commerce






the claremore area chamber of commerce serves as the voice of business for our members. our mission is to advance economic, industrial, professional, cultural, and civic welfare; and enhance the quality of life for claremore and rogers county. we are a community partner and an advocate for business. the chamber offers a variety of services with the common goal of promoting a healthy economic atmosphere while preserving the excellent quality of life our community enjoys. come visit!
“we are the chamber of commerce, claremore, oklahoma, the town that needs no introduction to an intelligent audience.” 
– will rogers, oklahoma’s favorite son, may 1923

















					directory				








					jobs				








					news				








					calendar				








					hot deals				











 












© 2025 claremore area chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












building business. building community.




















claremore area chamber of commerce













419 west will rogers boulevard claremore ok 














918.341.2818 














chamber@claremore.org











































 © 

 claremore area chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 



















