









landing page - telios systems company























































skip to content




telios systems company
customized business software solutions






primary menu
home
about

who we are
what we do


contact us
documentation

telios software 101
tips
new features
quiz


 








landing page


 
 


business software that solves real problems
your business is unique. the software that powers it should be, too. leverage your "secret sauce" and propel your business to the next level. from inventory to accounting to timecard management, we create web-based applications to help your business thrive and grow!



			
			let's talk		





 
 














						our values						

						we believe software should be...						





 


							
							personal													
we take a hands-on approach to software, working directly with you and keeping you involved in every step of the development process.




 


							
							tailored													
we realize that every business is different.  we work with you to craft a solution for you and the way you do business.




 


							
							affordable													
good solutions don't have to break the bank.  we strive to offer fair, value-driven prices.





						our reputation						

						what are our clients are saying about us?						






tom schrader, interconnect sales



						we’ve quadrupled our business without adding additional employees!					






cory bentley, pacific putty



it used to take all day to get invoices out. now it takes 15 minutes. telios made us a lot more efficient. 






maureen thomas, mar-dustrial sales



telios provides 110% customer service all the time – it’s the best i’ve ever had. 





						our solutions						

						here are just a few of the services we offer.						





 


							
							timecard capture													
remote timecard entry from the field.  capture time for payroll and project management.




 


							
							inventory tracking													
keep track of items that are on premises for processing.  record receipt, status, and return to customer.




 


							
							client portal													
facilitate client communication with a list of tasks and message of the day.




 


							
							wholesale distribution													
take control of your inventory.  manage your purchasing and sales.  the complete solution for your warehouse.




 


							
							accounting													
keep accurate records of your accounts receivable, statements, and invoices.  easily manage your bills and generate complete financial statements.




 


							
							payroll													
bring your payroll in-house with our flexible, easy-to-use payroll software.  gain complete control and lose those monthly fees.




 


							
							medical billing													
easily generate claim forms.  track primary and secondary insurance, payments, and patient responsibility.





						optimizing every area of your business!						

						we've been serving businesses in the portland metro area for over 40 years.  we invite you to join the family!						



						get in touch						

						schedule your free, on-site consultation now.						

 



					your name									








					your email									








					subject									








					message									







				submit			



 














						proudly powered by wordpress  | 
		theme: flaton by webulous themes 













































