





chicago video production and youtube strategist - lake forest








































































































 












 














toggle navigation






home
about
services
portfolio
contact
 

get $10 off when you sign up for streamyard
search


search for:


search

about us
combined marketing, social media & filmmaking experience
 




skip to content




 


home
about
services
portfolio
contact
 





search for:




 



 





						toggle sidebar & navigation					












video production and   youtube strategist
blue sky video productions








 

scroll down to content






 






full service video production company chicago & northern suburbs 







blue sky video production, offering top-notch services including video production, professional editing, live streaming solutions, and expert youtube strategy consultations. let us bring your vision to life and help you reach your audience effectively across various platforms. serving lake county and northern cook county. 






about us



















our services 












video production 



video marketing and seo are the fastest growing tools on the internet. video is no longer an option in getting results from online marketing, it is mandatory.
award winning editing team turns your message into an exciting and entertaining story of your business. unlike tv broadcast commercials, online video targets your key buyers when they are ready to make the purchase. 






learn more












live streaming 



start livestreaming nowjust be yourselfno technical knowledge requiredenhance your personal brand or small business’s visibility and engagement with our top-notch live streaming services. whether you’re hosting workshops, product launches, or q&a sessions, we’ll help you connect with your audience in real time and make a lasting impact. 






learn more












youtube strategist 



elevate your youtube presence with our expert youtube strategy services, tailored to maximize your channel’s visibility and engagement. from content planning to audience targeting, we’ll help you unlock the full potential of youtube for your brand or business.optimize video content to increase engagement and growing audiences on youtube channels, using data-driven insights and marketing tactics. 






learn more















gallery 




all
 commercial

music

shortfilms












skinny cow snacksskinny cow snacks










ete reman – overview styleete reman – overview style










yas collagen protein drinkyas collagen protein drink










richard marx and friends – right here waitingrichard marx and friends – right here waiting










windy city memorieswindy city memories










exercise coachexercise coach





load more...



















why us? 














 




							filming techniques 						


						producing scripted and unscripted documentary styled video productions . working with professional and non-professional talent. creating engaging, entertaining, informative and effective video content.					













 




							over 30 years of experience						


						blue sky video productions delivers unparalleled expertise in creating compelling visual content. from concept to final product, trust us to bring your vision to life with precision and creativity.					













 




							professional editing						


						enhancing visual appeal and storytelling effectiveness. elevate your content with professional editing techniques and attention to detail.					


















blog 









get known, be liked, build trust with video marketing

all thing equal, people will do business with, and refer business to, people they know, like and trust – bob burg know, like, trust: the…
 read more → 






chat with gemini

your new content creation partnerhow ai can revolutionize your content strategy so basically there are four things about knowledge – – there’s the things you…
 read more → 






top 3 videos all businesses need

we switched our entire model into live streaming from 2020-2023. we able to connect with the people across the world. we produce a show where…
 read more → 











go to blog















our address 



100 s. saunders rd. #150 lake forest, il 60045 





















contact us - call or text  847-722-5951 
100 s saunders rd. #150 
lake forest, il 60045  


recent posts


get known, be liked, build trust with video marketing


chat with gemini


top 3 videos all businesses need


top 10 ways to use video to market your business


boost sales with local video marketing


 

follow us
stay in touch with us

 



privacy policy 

							copyright © 2025 video production and   youtube strategist					

inspiro theme
            by			wpzoom











 





















































































