     home                                                            gilchrist automotive                     3000 ft. worth hwyweatherford, tx 76087                           service        map        contact                      gilchrist automotive           call    directions                       new   new   search inventory     pre-owned   pre-owned   search inventory   vehicles under 15k   certified pre-owned vehicles   triton protect warranty   about titanium certified     service / parts   parts   service   optimum collision     specials   new specials   pre-owned specials     about   about   our group   meet our staff   careers   the gilchrist difference   privacy policy   privacy requests     locations                    home   new   new   search inventory     pre-owned   pre-owned   search inventory   vehicles under 15k   certified pre-owned vehicles   triton protect warranty   about titanium certified     service / parts   parts   service   optimum collision     specials   new specials   pre-owned specials     about   about   our group   meet our staff   careers   the gilchrist difference   privacy policy   privacy requests     locations          











inventory




inventory
search

           vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search              minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         










explore




schedule service
 schedule now





explore
check out our finance and trade departments or schedule your next service.




finance





trade





service












      search new inventory     search used inventory        






















































































     


gilchrist core values
gilchrist automotive lives by 5 core values that enable us to provide the best experience possible.

integrity: we always do what is right, not what is easy, cheap, popular or convenient-and we do so without excuse and regardless of the cost. if you lie, cheat or steal, you cannot work here.
urgency: we serve one another and guests quickly and find reasons to do things now rather than to delay, debate or procrastinate.
attention to detail: we will become brilliant in the basics, and pay attention to getting the "little" things done right the first time.
teamwork: the good of the team comes before personal comfort or agenda of any individual team member. it means that we embrace lateral service and work together to accomplish our mission.
personal growth: associates are expected to work as hard on themselves as they do on the job. getting better is not an option. you are should always be investing in yourself.



     










new vehicles












used vehicles












titanium certified










                                                         

       we are different than your normal dealership,
 here are a few ways we drive the difference!







we offer affordable commercial vehicles to the dfw area through many popular oems including buick, gmc, chevrolet, ford, volkswagen, and nissan. our team will get to know your business objectives and requirements and offer a solution that maximizes cost savings through tax advantages, in-house up-fitting, and using trusted partners to customize your vehicles.






we make it easy to know the difference between buying and leasing. we show you all the different ways to get the vehicle you want. our dealerships offer flexible leasing terms, zero-down payments, and low monthly payments.






we go the extra mile for service because we want your vehicle to last and your cost of ownership to be reduced. to help accomplish this, we perform a complimentary multi point inspection whenever you service with us.








we don't just want to sell a vehicle to our customers we want to help them maintain that vehicle for as long as they want to own it.






we treat you like you are part of the family, because you are! gilchrist automotive has been family owned and operated by the gilchrist family since 1986.






we want to sell your vehicle to you the way you want to buy it. we make the purchase easy!


            



join the team!
the gilchrist auto group has been in business for 35+ years. we are a family-owned group with more than 20 locations across texas and oklahoma, employing over 1.000 people. we are proud to offer the best in automotive services, however our success is dependent on our employees. when you combine devoted employees with a historically successful business you have the gilchrist family of dealerships. join our family today!
current openings



optimum collision


for over three decades, our family owned and operated body shop has been repairing your vehicles to the manufacturers requirements.
"we believe that auto body shops should set a higher standard to serve our community."
that's the principle that charlie gilchrist went by for both his dealerships and the body shop. of course, this principle doesn't apply to just good customer service and quality of work.
a higher standard means much more than body and paint. providing a safe repair that also preserves the value of your automobile is as important to us as it is to you.
our talented and dedicated team takes pride in helping our customers navigate the unfamiliar insurance claims process. we genuinely have your best interest in mind, and it shows.
we are very proud of our gilchrist automotive team that has contributed to the accomplishment of the prestigious ford distinguished achievement award, the president's award, and the north american customer excellence award.






learn more about optimum collision




          








charlie gilchrist
dealer principal





stephen gilchrist
dealer operator





chris bonnett
general manager of southwest ford





justin rogers
general manager of southwest toyota





mike brown
general manager of southwest chrysler dodge jeep ram





adam vincze
general manager of platinum ford





dustin rodgers
general manager of triple crown ford and triple crown lincoln





justin rudd
general manager of platinum chevrolet & cadillac





stephen jimenez
general manager of spur chevrolet buick gmc and spur chrysler dodge jeep ram





jonathan franco
general manager of platinum ford north


 







follow us


                  










                copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | gilchrist automotive | 3000 ft. worth hwy, weatherford, tx 76087             





















        