


cocker spaniel rescue network













cocker spaniel rescue network













cocker spaniel rescue
cocker pals rescue ny
 adoptable cockers az
 adoptable cockers n.ca
 adoptable cockers s.ca
 adoptable cockers co
 adoptable cockers fl
 adoptable cockers ga
 adoptable cockers md
 adoptable cockers nj
 adoptable cockers nc
 adoptable cockers oh
 adoptable cockers or
 adoptable cockers tx
 adoptable cockers va
 adoptable cockers wa
 adoptable cockers wi
 adoptable cockers wv
 usa notice board
 world notice board
 re-homing advice
 find the right dog
 links
 message board
 lost and found
 lost a dog?
 care and training
 dog quiz
 breed information
 dog rescues
 animal rescues
 breed rescues
dog rescues network




























click here to see more information about this dog













 


 




 


 















 cocker spaniels needing homes in arizona

 cocker spaniels needing homes in colorado

 cocker spaniels needing homes in florida

 cocker spaniels needing homes in georgia

 cocker spaniels needing homes in maryland

 cocker spaniels needing homes in new jersey

 cocker spaniels needing homes in north carolina

 cocker spaniels needing homes in ohio

 cocker spaniels needing homes in oregon

 cocker spaniels needing homes in northern california

 cocker spaniels needing homes in southern california

 cocker spaniels needing homes in texas

 cocker spaniels needing homes in virginia

 cocker spaniels needing homes in west virginia

 cocker spaniels needing homes in washington state

 cocker spaniels needing homes in wisconsin


 cocker spaniel rescue of fort lauderdale fl 33339
we are a non-profit, no-kill organization committed to finding loving and supportive homes for cocker spaniels that are lost, abandoned, or unwanted. it is our mission to find a home for each of our dogs.


 cocker spaniels needing homes in md, pa, va, ga, nc 

 dogs requiring homes in orlando, florida

 collier county domestic animal services
7610 davis blvd.
naples, 
florida 34104

 camp cocker
 is a los angeles based cocker spaniel animal rescue organization that adopts out dogs all over the state 
of california. most of our adopters live either in the sacramento, san jose or san francisco area and we do monthly 
mobile adoptions where we drive the dogs to the adopters. we rescue cocker spaniels from high kill shelters in 
los angeles county and at times the surrounding counties of kern county, orange county, riverside county, 
kings county, san bernardino county and ventura county. we encourage anyone who is considering getting a
 cocker spaniel as a pet to please adopt, don't buy. there are so many gorgeous and very worthy cockers in 
 shelters and if we don't have a dog that you might enjoy, please check out the many other 
 
 cocker spaniel rescue groups that are all over southern california. 
 


 colorado cocker spaniel rescue
18724 e. powers drive, 
aurora, 
colorado, 80015
phone: 303-680-9315
cocockerrescue@hotmail.com

we are a group of volunteers dedicated to saving the lives of abandoned and homeless cocker spaniels in the colorado area.
our organization is made up of a few caring volunteers who provide loving care, food, shelter and transportation 
for the animals to meet all their medical needs while we search for new homes for them. some of the rescued animals 
require extensive medical care and grooming to get them back on their feet. our needs are as great or as few as the 
needs of the cocker spaniels we rescue. we have no source of revenue other than donations and adoption and relinquish fees, 
so we greatly appreciate any donations to fund our rescue efforts.





 las vegas cocker rescue

our mission is "to protect and save" cocker spaniels from kill shelters,
from wandering unprotected on our streets and from
 owners that are unable to keep them.  every single member is very passionate about what we do. 
 that passion for helping god's little creatures from harm, and our love for cocker spaniels has brought us 
 together to form the las vegas cocker rescue. 
 
we would not be able to do what we love to do without you.  that is why we are always seeking help, 
whether it be in the form of monetary donations, adopting a cocker, giving of your time, fostering a 
cocker until we find its forever home, and etc.
we want to help educate the public on the growing popluation of this breed in shelters, 
and also to help understand the cocker spaniel as a breed. 

 abandoned angels cocker spaniel rescue flushing, ny.
abandoned angels cocker spaniel rescue, inc. is a non-profit new york corporation with 501(c)(3) status. 
we are dedicated to the rescue and re-homing of cocker spaniels and other dogs in need of loving forever homes. 
we will not reject any dog due to age or health and accept many dogs who have some temperament and/or medical issues. 
we require a $350 adoption donation to offset the costs associated with medical care, food and boarding for our dogs. 
please note that this donation rarely if ever covers our costs in caring for an individual dog. each of our dogs has 
been spayed or neutered, is up to date with vaccinations and has been vetted. 

 cocker spaniel rescues in the uk



the dog rescue organisations on this web site are totally independent of each other and cannot be held responsible for the actions of any other rescue listed here. 
the webmaster cannot be held responsible for any problems arising from the information displayed on this web site or the actions of the rescue organisations listed here.


e-mail address: we occasionally have problems with our e-mail
addresses so please send your message to both our addresses.  on the to
line put info@cockerspanielrescue.org
and
on the cc line put 
csr@dogrescues.info

hopefully we
will be able to read at least one of them!






page updated: december 8th 2023






















dog rescues network
      | shelter directory 
      | advice 
      | notices 
      | lost & found 
      | dog care
      | message board







