




workplace improvement • lean • process improvement • lean training































































 






 


about

services
clients & testimonials
about tom terez
contact us


services

lean launch program
process improvement facilitation
next level lean
improvement resources
on-site learning and development
keynote presentations


tools
training

lean training (1-3 days)
resource mountain workshop
breakthrough teamwork for busy managers
turbocharged strategic thinking
there’s an einstein & gandhi in each of us
teamwork from the inside out


keynotes
blog
contact
  
search




 
 
 




reach a higher level of performance


are you ready to bring the power of improvement to your workplace? we’re ready to help – by bringing improvement expertise, breakthrough tools, and a practical emphasis on what works. if you’re all about meaningful change, you’re in the right place.

read more
 

 
 

bring a new level of learning to your workplace


next level workshops are filled with meaningful activities, eye-opening assessments, instructive examples, focused dialogue, and more. they prompt the kind of deep-down discovery that leads to practical action and positive change.

read more
 

 
 

use these tools to learn, lead, and improve


our next level library includes 25+ quick-take assessments, idea-generating templates, and team activities – on everything from trust to communication to engagement to leadership and much more. these are practical tools that prompt discovery and meaningful change.

read more
 

 
 

get a lift of new ideas, insights, and inspiration


looking for practical ways to strengthen your workplace, your work team, and your own effectiveness? you’ll find plenty here. our posts are filled with positive ideas you can put to work right away. this is information you can use, and it comes with an added lift of insight and inspiration.

read more
 

 
 

meet clients from past and present projects


more than 100 companies and public-sector agencies have benefited from next level projects, workshops, and presentations. they’re in canada, jamaica, mongolia, south africa, and throughout the united states. see the list and read client comments.

read more
 

 
 
 
previous
next
 
 





reach a higher level of performance...
"are you ready to bring the power of improvement to your workplace? we’re ready to help – by bringing improvement expertise, breakthrough tools, and a practical emphasis on what works. if you’re all about meaningful change, you’re in the right place.

 
 



bring a new level of learning to your workplace...
"next level workshops are filled with meaningful activities, eye-opening assessments, instructive examples, focused dialogue, and more. they prompt the kind of deep-down discovery that leads to practical action and positive change.

 
 



use these tools to learn, lead, and improve...
"our next level library includes 25+ quick-take assessments, idea-generating templates, and team activities – on everything from trust to communication to engagement to leadership and much more. these are practical tools that prompt discovery and meaningful change.

 
 



get a lift of new ideas, insights, and inspiration...
"looking for practical ways to strengthen your workplace, your work team, and your own effectiveness? you’ll find plenty here. our posts are filled with positive ideas you can put to work right away. this is information you can use, and it comes with an added lift of insight and inspiration.

 
 



meet clients from past and present projects...
"more than 100 companies and public-sector agencies have benefited from next level projects, workshops, and presentations. they’re in canada, jamaica, mongolia, south africa, and throughout the united states. see the list and read client comments.

 
 

 
 




stay informed and inspired with next level insights

					the free next level e-letter is all about improvement. you’ll get great ideas for improving work processes, teamwork, and your own leadership skills – and we’ll let you know when new tools, templates, and team activities are posted to the site. it’s free, your email address will remain strictly confidential, and you can unsubscribe at any time.
				







 your email address
 name
 organization
enter here:       


 
 
 
 


contact click to send a note
call (614) 571-9529


 clients click for clients and testimonials


 services 
about  •  services
 lean launch program
 process improvement facilitation
 next level lean
 improvement resources
 on-site learning and development
 keynote presentations
 blog
 contact

 
 
 


copyright 2010-2017  tom terez workplace solutions inc. | nextlevelworkplace.com

lean launch program, improvement rocket, resource mountain, next level learning,
next level workplace, and next level keynotes are trademarks of tom terez workplace solutions inc.
 
 




















