






for zion's sake



























skip to main  |
      skip to sidebar













you are on...

this weblog was published in coordination with "for zion's sake", broadcast on sundays in the kansas city area.  this unique broadcast was hosted for more than 17 years by jerry feldman, who was joined by christopher coleman in late 2001.due to financial reasons, the broadcast ended in january of 2010.



a thought to ponder

"we are tired of fighting, we are tired of being courageous, we are tired of winning, we are tired of defeating our enemies, we want to be able to live in an entirely different environment of relations with our enemies."- ehud olmert in a june 9, 2005, address to the israel policy forum in new york.








saturday, january 28, 2017



never again



when this site was active, when we were still on the air, we warned about the dangers of islamic extremism. we also made a point that we do not hate muslims, even if we disagree with them.




this week the president of the united states signed an executive order implementing his promised muslim ban.



this is not merely unconstitutional, it is an act of evil.



hatred will not stay focused. it always spreads. this is obvious to jews, since all hatred eventually seems to expand to include us. this is why we were always careful to draw distinctions between objecting to the actions and words of a few, and sweeping hatred of the whole.



however, it has come to my attention that many of the things we have said, or that i have posted over the years can be extended to an absurd extreme. the comments i have made might be twisted to approve of this  act.



that is unacceptable to me.



so i have returned to this nearly abandoned site to state clearly the following, which were always tenets of our program and of this blog.



hate speech is not free.



peace cannot be bought through terror.



justice must be pursued with justice.


this means we must stand up and resist hatred from our own government as we would resist hatred aimed against our nation, our people, our own faith:

he has shown you how to be a mensch, what is good, and what hashem requires of you:do justice, love mercy, and walk humbly with your g~d.








full post of "never again"
posted by
christopher


at
1/28/2017 10:14:00 pm








 
















sunday, august 24, 2003



welcome to the old weblog for zion's sake



this weblog was created because, in a one-hour radio broadcast, we could not hope to cover even a fraction of the information available to us.


this weblog was published in coordination with "for zion's sake", broadcast on sundays in the kansas city area.  this unique broadcast was hosted for more than 17 years by jerry feldman, who was joined by christopher coleman in late 2001. due to financial reasons, the broadcast ended in january of 2010.

in january of 2017, in response to the rise of racist and anti-religious acts and executive actions, christopher took down the articles on this lest any of them be used to justify hatred of anyone, for any reason.

fair use notice (disclaimer)


this weblog ("blog") contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. i am making such material available in my efforts to advance understanding of religious, political, human rights, democracy, social justice, scientific, economic, and environmental issues, etc.

i believe this constitutes a 'fair use' of any such copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the us copyright 
law. in accordance with title 17 u.s.c. section 107, the material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed interest in receiving the included information for research and educational purposes.

all rights are reserved for the author or original copyright owner.   all original content is protected by the rights of the authors.

for more information go to:  
http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/17/107.shtml

if you wish to use copyrighted material from this blog for purposes of your own that go beyond 'fair use', you must obtain permission from the copyright owner.





full post of "welcome to the old weblog for zion's sake"
posted by
christopher


at
8/24/2003 04:58:00 pm








 



















home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)







blog archive by month




blog archive by month
january (1)
august (1)






quirky news from israel

chelm-on-the-med© online


incredible snippets of daily life in israel
culled from the hebrew media



words of wisdom

be careful of two men and guard yourself against them: the friend of your enemy and the enemy of your friend!- from משלי בן סירא, the wisdom of jesus son of sira






 




.שַׁאֲלוּ שְׁלוֹם יְרוּשָׁלִָם; יִשְׁלָיוּ, אֹהֲבָיִךְ

pray for the peace of jerusalem;may they prosper who love you.











