







texas parent to parent home | texas parent to parent







































































español





keywords


go







open menu
menu




home

about us
                     

about us
                                  

our history
                                  

board & staff
                                  

partnerships
                                  

employment & internships
                                  

stewardship
                                  

research on parent to parent
                                  

privacy statement 
                                  




donate
                     

circle of sponsors
                                  



conference sponsorships
                                  



 memorials & honorariums
                                  

planned giving
                                  

donate
                                  






services
                     

services for parents, family members, self-advocates & professionals
                                  

talk to another parent
                                  

nicu network
                                            
ask rosemary
                                            
parent google groups
                                            
peer parent mentor program
                                            


pathways to adulthood transition program
                                  

transition faq
                                            
parent to parent transition center
                                            
planning for the future and the emotional hurdles of transition
                                            
services & supports
                                            
transition in public school
                                            
legal issues: guardianship & financial planning
                                            
healthcare transition
                                            
life after graduation
                                            
creative jobs story bank: my work story
                                            


texas network connections
                                  



advocacy network 
                                  

medical education (med.) program
                                  

family to family health information center
                                  

care notebook
                                            
medical home toolkit
                                            


our videos
                                  






conferences
                     

conferences for families of children with disabilities & professionals
                                  

regional parent conferences
                                            
statewide parent conference
                                            


2024 conference handouts
                                  

2024 south tx conference handouts
                                  




resources
                     

resources for families of children with disabilities & professionals
                                  

article library
                                  



newsletters
                                  

statewide resources
                                  

advocacy
                                            
assistive technology
                                            
camps and recreation
                                            
financial
                                            
legal
                                            
navigating the nicu
                                            
special education
                                            
support organizations
                                            


state and national agencies
                                  




training
                     

our trainings
                                  

training schedule
                                  




get involved
                     

get involved
                                  

additional events
                                  







keywords


go







 













connect with other parents









txp2p parent conference









pathways to adulthood






texas parent to parent provides support, information, and education for families of children and adults with disabilities, chronic and mental health conditions and other health care needs.
"having a child with special health care needs is a life-altering experience... but with the support of another parent we begin to see through the cracks and find joy in places we never could have imagined. our journey continues, but this time we feel we will survive because we know another parent who has."

important information

click here to download our new emergency preparedness checklist
you can stay updated with what’s happening with covid-19 in texas on the following websites:
https://gov.texas.gov/organization/disabilities/coronavirus
texas department of state health services
peer support is very popular these days but parent-to-parent programs have been using peer support since the 1970’s. sharing experiences with other parents is the key to what texas parent to parent (txp2p) does and has been proven to help families. our services and programs are all family-centered in order to provide support, information, and education to as many families as we can.
the texas parent to parent staff are parents of children with disabilities, chronic illness, or special health care needs. we have also spoken to thousands of families over the years. we are here to help – give us a call at 866-896-6001 or 512-458-8600.
program spotlight
txp2p care notebook - a care notebook is an organizing tool that is particularly useful for parents. use it to keep track of important information about your child’s health care, education, or transition.
medical home toolkit- a medical home is not a building, house, hospital, or home healthcare service, but rather a family-centered approach to providing comprehensive primary care. the medical home toolkit explains what a medical home is and how to get one.

txp2p
is funded by texas department of state health services’ children
with special health care needs program contract, federal maternal
child health bureau family to family health information center grant, blue cross blue shield of texas, and private
grants and donations.

please check out these two websites
 txp2p helped with both of these sites, and we feel they can be very helpful to a new parent or a parent new to an issue around their child. we especially recommend looking at the videos: 







join our family
sign up to receive information









txp2p upcoming events:



statewide conference

20th annual statewide parent conference
july 18th & 19th, 2025
san marcos, tx
click here to apply as a speaker




east texas conference

east tx parent conference
saturday, march 8, 2025
8:00 am - 12:30 pm
click here for exhibitor info
click here to register as an exhibitor
click here to register

weekly parent support group

zoom support group calls (in english)
wednesdays at 11:00 am
hosted by patty geisinger
click here to register


zoom support group calls (in spanish)
mondays at 12:00 pm
hosted by rosalba calleros / martha aguilar
click here to register




txp2p advocacy network zoom calls

click here to register
click here to read txp2p's rules for group calls
advocacy calls
mondays at 7:30 pm










corporate sponsors















© copyright texas  parent to parent 2017-2025






toll free: 866-896-6001
austin: 512-458-8600
email us at: info@txp2p.org



8500 shoal creek blvd., unit 117
austin, tx 78757
contact us | privacy policy
original design courtesy of stellar communications
photos by innovative photography & txp2p staff/volunteers














