






family & community medicine
























skip to main content





 











 
 
















 





directory
news
fcm matters 
grand rounds
contact
 









 




 
college of medicine make a gift








 
 







aboutmission/vision/valuesleadershipadministrationbusiness officefcm locationsinformation technology at fcmdepartment resourcescontact usgiving to family and community medicineeducationmedical student educationresidency programfellowship programsfamily medicine interest groupfacultyfacultyother facultycommunity partnersfaculty clinical/research interestsresearchresearch areasmeet our researchersresearch publicationsfaculty clinical/research interestsharm reduction research labrenew research teamresearch programscommunityamerican indian research center for health (airch)artworkscamp wellnessleadmobile health programtucson family advocacy programsonoran centerwassaja carlos montezuma center for native american healthworkforce development programpatient carefamily medicine clinic locationsclinical weight loss program 

 















 







 

story slide 1
fcm is committed to advancing the health of individuals and families from all backgrounds and cultures through innovation and leadership in education, research, community engagement and the delivery of exemplary primary care.


 

 







 

story slide 2
the ua department of family & community medicine offers two unique, separately-accredited family medicine residency tracks—the alvernon and the south campus tracks.

 

 







 

clinic with child slide
what is family medicine? care from your first breath to your last, and all the ones in between.

 


 

 
 











 message from the department chair 
  
 welcome! the university of arizona department of family and community medicine is one of the top-ranking family medicine programs in the country. we are known for providing outstanding clinical education to medical students, residents and fellows, conducting ground-breaking research and developing innovative community engagement programs designed to improve the health of individuals, families and communities.
our mission: to advance the health of communities, individuals, and families from diverse backgrounds and cultures through innovation and leadership in education, research, community engagement, and the delivery of exemplary primary care.
our vision: we seek to improve the health of our patients and communities we serve through excellence, inclusivity, and innovation in clinical care, research, and education with collaborative community engagement that affirms access, community and belonging.
our values: innovation, community, collaboration, creativity, diversity and inclusion, integrity, social responsibility, justice, excellence, accessibility, and compassion.
 
 read more  

 

 
 






department and ua news




 

francine c. gachupin, phd, mph, passes away
september 26, 2024
it is with deep sorrow that we share the passing of our beloved colleague francine c. gachupin, phd, mph.

  

 

dr. celia hildebrand receives rosalind franklin society award 
july 1, 2024
celia hildebrand, daom, lac, research assistant professor, received the 2023 rosalind k. franklin society special award in science, for her article, "auricular acupuncture in combat medic trainings," published in the journal, medical acupuncture.

  

 

arizona palooza mental health education event coming to reid park
may 8, 2024
free festivities are open to the public and offer opportunities to find information and resources about mental wellness.

  


more news 
 

 







academic programs



patient information



research



 
 











	department of family and community medicine
	655 n. alvernon way  |  suite 228 |  tucson, arizona 85711
	tel: 520-626-7864  | questions about the website: email fcm webmaster | admin login 


 





college of medicine - tucson





the university of arizona is an eeo/aa - m/w/d/v employer.
web development by uahs biocom


 





we respectfully acknowledge the university of arizona is on the land and territories of indigenous peoples. today, arizona is home to 22 federally recognized tribes, with tucson being home to the o’odham and the yaqui. committed to diversity and inclusion, the university strives to build sustainable relationships with sovereign native nations and indigenous communities through education offerings, partnerships, and community service.
university privacy statement
	© 2024 the arizona board of regents on behalf of the university of arizona.


 
 
  

