

transform columbus day alliance: transform columbus day




















 





transform columbus day 2016
four directions all nations march in honor of troylynn star yellow wood
saturday, 8 october 2016, meet at 11:30 am, step off at 12:30 pm:
north direction meets at cleo parker robinson school of dance 
(119 park ave west), wear red
east direction meets at cheesman park
(12th ave & franklin st), wear yellow
south direction meets at four winds american indian council
(201 w 5th ave), wear white
west direction meets at auroria campus
(st. cajetan's cathedral) wear black
rally at capitol at 1:30 pm, with keynote speaker phyllis young (standing rock sioux nation)

following rally, a meal provided at four winds american indian council at 4 pm.

  











before columbus sailed the atlantic, 
      he was a slave trader for the portuguese, 
      transporting west african people to portugal to be sold as slaves. the
      columbus 
      legacy is steeped in blood, violence, and death.  


           
             why transform columbus day?
the transform columbus day alliance actively rejects the celebration of 
      christopher columbus 
      and his legacy of domination, oppression, and colonialism. we also reject
    historical misconceptions regarding columbus and his "discovery"
    of the americas. 
by saying no to columbus and his day we 
      are saying  yes to a new future of mutual respect, collaboration, and 
      equality, 
       
 a future that respects...

=the rights of indigenous peoples
=the natural environment
=democratic & economic justice
=gender equity over global patriarchy
=free and equal speech over hate speech
  
 





 



 




subscribe to tcd-news





 


to unsubscribe sent a blank e-mail to tcd-news-unsubscribe@yahoogroups.com






          join us as the struggle continues.

 
 




columbus day was born in colorado in 1907 

respect * decency * justice 









saturday october 8th, 2016
support transform columbus day co at gofundme
find us on facebook
2016 media release
transform columbus day alliance principles





columbus day events in pueblo colorado.  for more information call 719-994-4459




transform columbus day!
 challenge the roots of racism in america


columbus  is responsible for the murder of millions of indigenous people.


columbus was a slavetrader in  africa before invading america.  he began the slave trade in the americas.  he deserves no holiday, no parades, no statues.


columbus day celebrates the doctrine of discovery – the  legal process that stole indian people's territories, and that continues today.


columbus brought a philosophy  of domination to the americas  that persists today – domination of other peoples, domination of the  environment, domination of other belief systems, domination of women by men.




transform columbus day alliance 
      2011 news and updates
thanks to everyone who came out in the rain and snow and protested the celebration of genocide. check out the transform columbus day denver facebook page for photos and updates. more will be posted on this site soon.
occupy denver has adopted the indigenous platform proposed by colorado aim and supported by the tcd alliance. read the article on westword.


transform columbus day alliance 2007 blog 
the tcda blog (www.tcda07.blogspot.com) was created as a
place to share experiences and information from the columbus day
confrontation. you can post your story either as a comment (which can be as lengthy as you like, of course) or by sending it to carol berry (chickasaw303@ yahoo.com) who
will post the narrative for you.

media release may 27, 2008:
denver's ultimate persecution of columbus day 
              resisters begins tomorrow
              vindictive trial of the elderly and disabled shows city's true colors
in the news:
 a sorry attempt at apology 
standing up for a cause - and then going to jail 


photos from tcd 2006 (click on a photo for a larger image)





 


four directions march 
liberated zone in downtown denver 
the cavalry leads the convoy of conquest 
which appropriately ends with homophobia and misogyny 


photos courtecy of richard myers. for more photos go to rebel graphics and fire witch rising 

articles and links (will open in a new window) 

democracy now: challenging columbus day
robert robideau: the myth keepers of columbus (counterpunch) 
dustin craun: it's always 1492 until we change things (colorado daily)
art patrons may discover columbus parade, protest (rocky mountain news) 
protesters camp on eve of parade (rocky mountain news)  
protest vowed for columbus day fete (denver post) 
ft. carson  color guard leads columbus day parade (ucd advocate) 














 


why we oppose columbus day
 
ï¿½individuals have international duties which transcend the national 
        obligations of obedience. therefore [individual citizens] have the duty to 
        violate domestic laws to prevent crimes against peace and humanity from
        occurring.ï¿½

                          --- nuremberg war crime tribunal, 1950 
 
tcd principles
articles
co aim's international call to allies
chronology

       frequently asked questions (faq)

progressive italians to transform the columbus holiday 

 (pitch)
 
 

 
 
media
            
audio


        colorado aim blog


        letters to the 
      editor

media 

media archive

    media contacts

video
 
 

teachers


columbus day
    quiz 

drums of october 
        [video]

        teachers commitment


        rethinking columbus
 

 

contact us

tcd legal  



        general info


         website 
 
 
add an event 


       
        protest.net


        
        denverevolution.org


        
        colorado indymedia 


        rocky mountain progressive network
rocky mountain resister
 

           
           
           
 
site update ::: 10/10/2011
    
  

 ï¿½2001-2011 transform columbus day alliance




