












pennington gardening products
























































 



























 












lawncare



seeding


patch and repair


lawn fertilizer


 



gardening



plant food


soil amendments


plant seeds


wildflower


potting soil


 



birding



seed feed and treats


hummingbird


feeders, houses, accessories


pet bird


 



learning



lawncare articles


lawncare faq


gardening articles


gardening faq


wildbird articles


wildbird faq


 



email



customer service


email sign-up


 



our story

 



//wildlife, ag & pro turf



wildlife


agriculture


pro turf


 





 















 








 











a passion for nurturing
the pennington garden team offers a breadth of products to support your passion for growth.



 






























plant food


 find products 







plant seed
our high-quality, organic plant seeds are perfect for any gardener, whether you're a seasoned pro or just starting out.

 find products 







wildflower
attract bees, butterflies and hummingbirds with this premium wildflower mix.

 find products 







soil amendments


 find products 







soil
natural and organic ingredients that work together in harmony with nature to revitalize soil.

 find products 





 






pennington /


all products /


gardening /


















 























clear all






                        brand
                    




alaska (2)



ironite (2)



lilly miller (10)



pennington (3)






                        fertilizer types
                    




lawn and garden fertilizer (5)



lawn fertilizer (2)



plant fertilizer (18)



soil amendment (3)






                        form
                    




granule (15)



liquid (4)






                        fertilizer projects
                    




green up lawn (1)



improve soil health (3)



laying sod (3)



new lawn (3)



overseeding (3)



seasonal maintenance (13)






                        time of year
                    




fall (44)



spring (83)



summer (73)



winter (31)






                        lawn type
                    




all lawns (7)






                        plant name
                    




azalea (7)



blooming plants (10)



blueberries (4)



bone meal (2)



bulbs blooming flowers (10)



camellia (3)



citrus avocados (6)



edibles (5)



hibiscus (10)



lawn and garden (11)



palm trees (4)



rhododendrons (2)



roses and flowers (9)



shrubs (5)



tomato and vegetables (10)



trees (10)



tropical plants (3)











gardening products
  
       ready to grow the lawn or garden of your dreams? pennington offers a full range of products to meet all your lawn and garden needs—from lawn fertilizers and weed control to soil amendments and plant food. every pennington product is specially formulated to provide your lawn or garden plants with ideal blends of nutrients and minerals. whether your goal is lush green grass, prolific homegrown vegetables or vibrant flowers and leaves, we have the products to help you succeed. every easy-to-understand label includes all the information you need for safe, simple, effective use. you can buy and apply our products with confidence, knowing the ingredients your lawn and garden receive are backed by generations of pennington integrity.

 



83 products found

 











pennington water soluble all purpose plant food 20-10-20

pennington water soluble all-purpose plant food 20-10-20 provides your plants with fast-release nitrogen that boosts plant growth and greens up fast. 












pennington epsom salt

use epsom salt for vigorous lawns, flowers, plants, vegetables and trees












pennington fast acting lime

fast acting lime encourages a greener lawn and raises soil ph quicker than regular lime.












lilly miller garden gypsum

easy to apply garden gypsum loosens heavy clay soils and promotes drainage, and corrects salty alkaline soils.












lilly miller ammonium sulfate 21-0-0

fast-acting source of nitrogen for lawns, gardens, shrubs, and trees.












lilly miller super sweet lime

fast-acting granular lime reduces soil acidity












pennington rejuvenate plant food all purpose 4-4-4

use pennington rejuvenate plant food all purpose 4-4-4 to help your vegetables, herbs, shrubs, trees or hedges thrive in their natural environment.












pennington rejuvenate plant food evergreen & azalea 4-3-3

pennington rejuvenate plant food evergreen & azalea 4-3-3 will make your acid loving shrubs and bushes grow bigger, more beautiful blooms.









load more

























 understanding fertilizer label n-p-k ratios: nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium
choosing the right fertilizers for your lawn and garden doesn't have to be difficult. armed with fertilizer basics, making the right choice is as simple as 1-2-3:

what the numbers mean: every fertilizer label carries three conspicuous numbers, usually right above or below the product name. these three numbers form what is called the fertilizer's n-p-k ratio — the proportion of three plant nutrients in order: nitrogen (n), phosphorus (p) and potassium (k). the product's n-p-k numbers reflect each nutrient's percentage by weight.


why these three nutrients? plants need larger quantities of nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium than any other plant nutrients. often called primary macronutrients, these three are among the 17 nutrients essential to all plant life. other elements, such as iron, are just as critical to plant survival, but plants need them in much smaller quantities.


how n-p-k affects plants: each of the three nutrients in the n-p-k has its own special job to do. nitrogen (n) spurs vigorous, leafy growth and rich green color in lawn grasses and other plants. phosphorus (p) focuses energy on strong root development and flowers, fruits and seeds, while also helping plants use other nutrients efficiently. potassium (k) enhances overall growth. it helps regulate root and top growth and keeps plants healthy and balanced.


when to use different ratios: by understanding the basics behind fertilizer labels, you can choose the right products for your lawn and garden goals with confidence. read more about 
	what fertilizer label n-p-k ratios mean here.

how to avoid fertilizer burn in your lawn and garden
by taking steps to understand this common, preventable problem, you can fertilize your lawn and garden and avoid fertilizer burn:

understanding fertilizer burn: simply put, fertilizer burn happens when plants get more fertilizer than they can process. this can happen due to excessive fertilizer or other conditions, such as plant health or weather conditions that interfere with a plant's ability to process the fertilizer it receives. when fertilizers accumulate, fertilizer salts draw water away from plant roots and tissues. what happens next is a lot like drought. plants can't take in the water they need, so leaves begin to turn yellow or brown and eventually die.


preventing common burn-producing mistakes: you can prevent most cases of fertilizer burn simply by reading the label on your fertilizer products and following all the instructions there. the following are some of the most common mistakes that lead to fertilizer burn:


applying more than the label-recommended rate
miscalculating the size of an area
guessing at fertilizer quantities
leaving the spreader hopper open when filling, stopping or turning
fertilizing dry or stressed lawns or gardens
using inappropriate fertilizer products
choosing and using fertilizers properly: fertilizers come in many different forms, from concentrated liquids to dry granules. each type calls for different application methods, rates and conditions — all outlined on the product label.

fertilizer burn can happen with both organic and synthetic fertilizers, but it's less likely with slow-release fertilizers than with fast-release. the best fertilizers for your lawn and garden provide an ideal blend of nutrients in forms that harmonize with plant needs and minimize the potential for mistakes or fertilizer burn. read more to learn 
	everything you need to know to prevent fertilizer burn.
 


















related articles








how to save brown-tipped plants









how to identify, fight and fix root rot









how to grow vibrant hibiscus









common lawn weeds and how to get rid of them


 




related articles & products






pennington ultragreen lawn fertilizer 30-0-4







pennington ultragreen crabgrass preventer plus fertilizer  iii  30-0-4























 



















 










©2023 pennington seed, inc. all trademarks are either property of central garden & pet company, its subsidiaries, divisions, affiliates and/or related companies, or property of their respective owners.        









privacy policy 

terms of use 







 






 

