

























united kingdom | l3harris® fast. forward.









      skip to main content
    


















united kingdom












                sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos.
      





serving customers in the uk for over 100 years


we deliver unique capabilities across air, land, sea, space and cyber for military, security and commercial customers, worldwide.


            explore the project everest experiment
      


















            what's new
      
visit our newsroom and discover how we’re pacing a changing world with speed, scale and flawless execution.

            l3harris uk news
      







  














editorial

            l3harris robots strike the right balance of strength, reach and precision
      


the l3harris t7 and t4 robots are the goldilocks of robotics systems, achieving the right balance of powerful lift strength, unmatched dexterity, precision and reach.



            read more
      










  














press release

            l3harris launches new technology to control autonomous swarms
      


l3harris technologies has introduced amorphous™, its new software that features a single user interface to operate thousands of autonomous assets simultaneously. 



            read more
      










  














editorial

            l3harris demonstrates new robot dual-arm capability to uk ministry of defence operators
      


new challenges from the adversary are emerging every minute, requiring agile, cutting-edge and forward-thinking technology that enables forces to respond and act as quickly and effectively as possible.



            read more
      














l3harris in the news


            l3harris uk news
      





  
















            transforming defence capabilities through a technology-led approach
      


read the article about l3harris' project everest on army-technology.com.


learn more






  















            deputy chief of defence staff, lt. gen. sir roly walker meets with l3harris
      


l3harris was pleased to welcome lt. gen. sir roly walker, deputy chief of defence staff military strategy and operations, to our tewkesbury site on 23 february, 2024. 











 













carbon reduction plan & sustainability report


            learn more
      







 
















our mission


as the trusted disruptor, we innovate relentlessly and deliver capability with the speed, passion and determination that our customers demand in executing their most challenging missions.  











video gallery









  













  













  













  




















  













  













toggle credit
    

building a better world | l3harris uk





  













  
























 













learn about our social value commitment


            social value in the uk
      










delivering the shared common operational picture
the modern battlespace is more data rich than ever. l3harris c5isr systems expertise ensures commanders have access to the complete battlefield picture they need.









 








resilient networks






isr sensors






ai/machine learning






data centricity












l3harris uk locations





 





            london, united kingdom
      
l3harris uklevel 6, 390 strandlondon wc2r 0ltunited kingdom




barrow-in-furness


brighton


bristol


burgess hill


cranfield


crawley


fareham


farnborough


faslane


fleet


mildenhall


portchester


tewkesbury 


waddington


whiteley











contact the l3harris uk team



            submit a general inquiry
      





you must have javascript enabled to use this form.



  name
  




  title
  




  company/organisation/agency
  




  phone number
  




  email address
  




  comments
  





















 
















your next challenge awaits


we’ve engineered a culture where varied perspectives, pioneering ideas and work that makes a difference, converge to accelerate your career. step forward.


            learn more about careers at l3harris
      


























            contact us
      



            employees
      



            privacy
      



            terms
      



            portals
      








                facebook
              
      




                linkedin
              
      







                twitter
              
      




                instagram
              
      




                youtube
              
      




                glassdoor
              
      




                rss
              
      



© 2025 l3harris technologies, inc.








