



:: precision k-9 :: dog training :: columbus, nc ::















 

paula 
        xan
        cudd
training director

columbus, nc
828.817.8446

email
 

 



















 
              precision k-9 mission:
              provide a training program resulting in a confident,
              happy and obedient dog as well as a confident, happy and satisfied 
              owner.
***news***
now located in columbus, nc
paula 
              cudd is a professional dog trainer and experienced search and 
              rescue dog handler. her understanding of dog behavior and her ability 
              to use a variety of different training techniques, provides a superior 
              approach to behavior modification and advanced obedience. paula’s 
              ability to recognize and explain issues between dogs and handlers 
              combined with her positive style of teaching makes successful dog 
              training the norm. she takes pride in being formally educated in 
              training and spending hundreds of hours each year continuing her 
              education as a professional trainer. paula's email:  paula@precisionk-9.com  credentials 
              (click here)   precisionk-9. blog (not up to date): www.otchbluetick.blogspot.com.
paula worked her blueticks, bloodhound and gsd as nationally certified (napwda) search dogs in multiple disciplines. they 
              are utilized by law enforcement agencies on an on-call basis. over the years paula has spent countless hours volunteering as a sar k9 handler. 
               she has worked with the canyon 
              county sheriff's office k-9 unit as an assistant trainer/handler for many years as well. currently she is doing mostly freelance work as a cadaver dog handler.
precision 
              k-9 has a program that trains your dog positively and efficiently, teaching 
              you how to control your dog at all times. the training methods are 
              fair and effective and based on dog psychology and how dogs instinctually 
              learn. training with precision k-9  enables you to confidently: 
              

walk 
                your dog off leash in any environment worry free
control 
                acts of aggression or other unwanted behaviors 
call 
                your dog and be rewarded with immediate response
gain 
                control while still showing your affection 

providing primarily private training for dog 
              owners in the columbus, tryon and landrum areas, precision k-9 has the solution for 
              you, whether it’s training your new puppy, improving your 
              dog’s obedience and reliability, fixing behavior problems 
              or competition obedience.
:: 
              affiliations :: 




canyon 
                  county sheriff's
                  office k-9 unit


international 
                  association
                  of canine professionals


treasure valley search dogs and isard

napwda


 
 


 

news 
              & brags!
group 
              classes
competition obedience 
media 
              gallery
& links


in 
              memoriam 
 


 






 




 site 
        by simple




