








the individual right to keep and bear arms - your right your duty

















the
        weapons of the american citizenry  (the militia) are
        "necessary to the security of a free state". any
        attempt to repeal the 2nd amendment is null and void.  any attempt
        to disarm / confiscate the weapons of the american citizenry is an act
        of war.   april 19, 1775





   30 - round
        magazines aren't intended for deer hunting.    




  they are for defensively
        shooting tyrants and their minions.





   america is founded upon the belief in
        god.  our rights derive from god, not governments.

 
        shastadefense
        blog  (ccw
        training)     
        tax
        problems blog











home  
        



shastadefense
      blog




free
        posters




posters: pg2 
pg3




        wallpapers 




        wallpapers - pg 2




 





 2nd
      amend - what it is about



april
      19, 1775



resource / reference
      material



 




 









 



prayer
        to st. jude




patriotic
songs - we are proud to be americans




the
          10 orders american citizens will not obey





american
      revolution flags




reflections
watch it and take a stand



view:  
      "2atoday
      for the usa"



remember d-day




  
    



view:
"no
      guns for negroes" (racist
      history of american gun control laws)



view: "no
      guns for jews"



gun control is life
        insurance for those government officials scheming to steal the rest of
        your bill of rights.




know your
      enemy
the islamic / sharia
      threat! 










         
      
         




the gang



 




-theodore
      roosevelt on immigrants and being an american




-illegal
      aliens:  invasion; national security threat; threat to the american
      bill of rights culture 



 



-churchill
      on islam (1899)











-nazi
      repression and gun control


-lethal 
      laws




-nanjing
      massacre




-the
      battle of athens, tennessee 


-she
      shot the nazi officer ... and saved the children.
      - what would you do?


-order
      to seize american's guns - patriot's day, april 19th



 


-now
      is the time for americans to defend america


 
    




-rkba
      senate report 1982





-american
      holocaust

note: this pro
      life page was banned by google  adwords after 15 years on the net! 
 



 




 




the individual right to keep
and bear arms:  your
right - your duty. 
the individual right to keep and bear
arms is about freedom, self defense, safeguarding the bill of rights, and
protecting against government tyranny and  oppression. the  2nd
amendment is not about sport, games, or hunting -- it's about controlling the
deadly force of governments & tyranny.
 
















as government officials continue to destroy our
        constitutional republic and trample our bill of rights,  there is
        no real  issue  about whether you have an individual right to
        keep and bear arms.  we are americans, it is our birthright.  
there are those in office who seek
        to disarm americans. they  provide aid and comfort to our enemies.
        they  provide the enemies with safe passage into our cities to kill
        americans. these "officials" are traitors.  americans
        should be demanding treason trials!  these enemies  should be
        tried for treason, and upon conviction (with constitutional due
        process), suffer the historical penalty for treason (hanging).
at this time in history, each american must
        ask themselves:
      
        am i willing to stand with god?  
      
        am i willing to stand against tyranny and oppression so that i and my children can live
        free? 
      
        and, as a last resort, am i
        willing to die fighting for god, our god given rights, and liberty?
only by answering such
        question, will we know whether america will survive as a free country,
        and whether each of us  will die as free men, or as slaves. 
 we may
        not have control over the time of our death, but we can determine what
        we will be when we die. (saveourguns.com  - february, 2009 / july
        2016)




              

katrina




our safety, our liberty
        depends on preserving the constitution of the united states as our
        fathers made it inviolate. the people of the u.s. are the rightful
        masters of both congress and the courts - not to overthrow the
        constitution, but to overthrow men who pervert the constitution. —
        abraham lincoln








"gun control is life
        insurance for those government officials scheming to steal the rest of
        your bill of rights." 
        saveourguns.com



"the
        second amendment isn't about hunting deer, it's about hunting
        politicians."
                                                                                           
        congressman "b1" bob dornan







if the representatives of the people
        betray their constituents, there is then no recourse left but in the
        exertion of that original right of self defense which is paramount to
        all positive forms of government. — alexander hamilton, the federalist
        (#28)



 




the individual right to keep and bear
arms is about freedom, self defense, safeguarding the bill of rights, and
protecting against government tyranny and  oppression. the  2nd
amendment isn't about sport, games, or hunting -- it's about controlling the
deadly force of governments & tyranny.   
the treason by our own government
officials bring into sharp focus the relevancy and
critical need for the 2nd amendment.  yet, the media and politicians not
only seeks to ignore this reality, they use images, lies and symbols in their
never ending attack on that very provision of the bill of rights which actually
protects and guarantees that the entire bill of rights will remain for future
americans.
what can you do? first, learn about the
"real" purpose of the 2nd amendment.  then read news events which
show the present day tyranny and oppression of governments around the world. use
this information to  instruct fellow citizens about the true meaning of the
2nd amendment, and to show its continued application today.
next, help fight back against those
false images which portray guns as "evil". such images are
posted  everywhere and routinely linked to the word "crime".
in government
buildings, court houses, airports, and business buildings,  guns are shown with a red line through
them, or other negative environments.  those mental images are warfare against your individual gun
rights, your safety, and freedoms.  each such image is embedding in the
mind of children (the voters of tomorrow), false information. such jeopardizes
not only their freedom, but yours, and that of generations to come.
start now and use positive and thought provoking mental images to not only
defend your gun rights as "your right", but to take the offensive --  it is "your duty"!
as people of action and purpose, we must take the offensive. the message:
the individual right to keep and bear arms is your right - your duty.
save our guns has the gun rights 
resources that capture positive images of firearms and your rights. you can
display  and distribute these items  to educate other people about the right which protects all other rights against
tyranny and oppression. also, check out our free
posters you can download  plus  our new
photo quality prints.
join your fellow americans in passing the ammunition of truth in
the fight to save our guns.
yours in liberty,

save our guns
a special thanks to my son who helped
originally set up this site. his  technical expertise made this site possible.
revisions are in process.
 




 




to main
page
 

