










ski  accommodation australia | cheap ski packages



















































































1800 020 622






 







navbar







homelocationsthredboperishersmiggin holesjindabynealpine waydealsnsw specialsequipment hirejindabyne rentalrhythm smiggins rentaltips & extrasfaqsclothingdrivinginsurancetransfersalpine codewhy ski australia?contactrequest a quote 





search 




 



 










property name *







or


resort name *

resort name
alpine wayfalls creekhothamjindabynemt bullermt selwynperishersmiggin holesthredbo 


accommodation type *

accommodation type



no. of guests

no. of guests
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10+












find the right accommodation

snow holidays offers you a unique experience for your thredbo, perisher or jindabyne holiday with first hand local knowledge, 20+ years of experience exploring options and easy access to the team by phone or email for bookings and enquiries.
use the request a quote button above to receive personalized options, or search our accommodation options.







 








thredbo






perisher






smiggin holes






jindabyne






alpine way

























fantastic family holidays
we are the package specialists.
we can package your perfect winter holiday.

request a quote




looking for a last minute snow deal?
with hundreds of accommodation options, we can offer great last minute specials.

request a quote




book in advance to get the best school holiday deals.
book in advance and get some great savings for school holidays.

request a quote




pack your bags; you're on your way. 
packaging your next australian ski resort holiday with us before you arrive can save you hundreds of dollars. we can offer big discounts on ski hire,

request a quote


















 


subscribe and save!


name *



email *










 












check out these cool deals!












stockyards 2, jindabyne - specials!

 1 night free!

view deal












smiggins hotel kids 30% off bonus week

 save with a 30% discount off child rates during bonus week!

view deal












smiggins chalet apartments kids 30% off bonus week

 save 30% on kids rates!

view deal










          moregreat deals

        

save and experience more with snow holidays!
            
with deals for all groups and families, ski 'n save are here to help you get the best value snow holiday. great deals include kids stay free, early bird discounts and 3rd night free deals throughout nsw and victoria ski resorts. 
 view all deals















telephone: 1800 020 622
email: info@snowholidays.com.au


locations

thredboperishersmiggin holesjindabynealpine way 




extras

cool dealstravel insurancefrequently asked questionstips and extrasclothing in the snowdriving in the snowalpine codecontact us 



 stay up-to-date with the latest from snow holidays

name *



email *









 



 © copyright snowholidays. privacysitemapterms & conditions 


*all prices and packages are subject to seasonal pricing, availability and subject to change without notice at the discretion of the property owner. see our terms & conditions for more information.























