



mathline: best tool for teaching math concepts














































































































































menu






0 


shop

rekenmathline
mathline
digital / online support
teacher tools
class sets
workshops
storage totes
workbooks: parents & b/w



support

tools & concepts
rekenrek vs mathline
why mathline - demo
about workshops
research
testimonials
guarantee


our story

ordering

ordering
shipping
money back guarantee
policies & terms
sole source


contact

teach with mathline

teach with mathline log in
free support

















        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        understanding math transforms lives.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
digital & hands-on tools that makes math easy to learn
watch the demo








                    

        
        
        rekenmathline
    
    
                

                

        = rekenrek + mathline
    
            



                

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        rekenmathline is 2 tools in 1. flip from rekenrek to mathline which has a mistake free connection to number - from conceptual modelling to procedural methods. bring your students the most effective k-4 strategy to have deep understanding in essential math  click here to compare rekenrek and mathline








        
        
        
        
        
        rekenrek
    
    
    
    
    



mathline














        
        
        
        
        popular tools and skill levels - try them on app below      
    









        rekenmathline
    


        
        dual use student tool that is a rekenrek so students own the number, then flip to develop symbolic recognition paving the way for all early math.
    
    








        rekenmathline100
    


        
                
                dual-use student tool that is 10 bars of 10. allows development comprehension and fluency to 100, then flip to develop symbolic recognition and operational understanding. k-2nd gr.
            
    








        
        
                rekenmathline 5x20
    
    


        
        dual-use student tool that is 5 bars of 20 up to 100. longer bars allow for developing operations from double digit addition, multiplication, through long division. 1st-3rd gr.
    
    







student100 mathline

most popular for multiplication and division, factors, and pre-algebra to prepare for 5th grade. four bars of 25 and rings indicate groups of 5's and 10's.











        
        
        free mathline all-in-one app - try all the tools!
     
launch app








what do teachers have to say?


        
        
        
        
        
        
                carries shares her experience using rekenmathline for 2nd through 4th grade math skill students and much more teacher feedback.

view all





rekenmathline review kit 


        want to review rekenmathline? here is a 30 day review kit and comes with a 15 minute q&a webinar for your math team with one of our consultants. 
    
    

view all





school starter package 
    


        rekenmathline for your school? put a class set in each grade level and includes an all-inclusive workshop for your staff to seamlessly integrate their lessons. no purchasing material that sit on the shelf- this package will be your teachers exciting "go-to" tools.
    
    

view all










                
                shop by phone: 1 800-505-math(6284)      
                     




faq's    |   how to order   |   shipping options & rates   |   contact
                  |   video gallery   |   testimonials





   made in the usa 
                © 2018 howbrite solutions, inc.   all rights reserved | privacy policy

                website by manjinder singh of impingesolutions.com





