








the law offices of young & nichols, injury lawyers in bakersfield, ca







the law offices of young & nichols, injury lawyers in bakersfield, ca







































home
firm overview
attorneys
practice areas

car and motorcycle accidents
trucking accidents
railroad/fela
wrongful death
brain injury
oilfield and industrial accidents
products liability
sexual harassment employment law
wills & probates


articles
contact




 
 
 










1-866-327-9661
661-861-7911
se habla español
spanish services available
 


select page


  
 



 



 
















we defend davids against the goliaths.

your injury lawyer in the bakersfield, ca area.
how can we help you?










always…with the people.
this principle defines the law offices of young & nichols. when our attorneys are on your side, you are never the little guy going up against big corporations. your fight is our fight. your battle is our battle.
we offer a broad range of legal services from drafting a will to personal injury, and we represent our clients with the tenacity and respect they deserve.

central valley car crash lawyers
when we accept a personal injury case, it means that we believe you and we trust you. it means you will pay no fees unless we recover proceeds for you. this contingency method is our way of helping to relieve your stress and our way of committing ourselves to your case.
of course we cannot, with a tap of the wand, reverse the physical harm inflicted upon you or a loved one by another’s carelessness. we can however help to relieve the stress and the pressure and the losses you have accrued as a result. one of the ways we accomplish this is by holding legally accountable the party or parties responsible for your injury. we pursue justice for you with steadfast determination, and we are proud of our reputation for success.
in this respect we can help you get on with your life.
our legal team also has extensive experience with legal matters that involve wills and probate. these disputes often cause conflict with friends and family. we can help you preserve your rights under the law and help to minimize or eliminate that all-too-common conflict. our firm’s lawyers can show you your legal options and offer you counsel on the consequences of each.



key practice areas




car and motorcycle accidents
 






wrongful death
 






brain injury
 






trucking accidents
 






railroad / fela
 






oilfield and industrial accidents
 






products liability
 






sexual harassment
 






wills and probate
 





 











how can we help?
	

note: the use of the internet or this form for communication with the firm or any member of the firm does not establish an attorney-client relationship. confidential or time-sensitive information should not be sent through this form.





i have read the disclaimer.





contact a bakersfield personal injury attorney
to schedule a free and confidential appointment or initial consultation with a young & nichols attorney, call us at 661-861-7911 or contact us online.



 













1901 truxtun avenuebakersfield, ca 93301
phone: 661-861-7911
fax: 661-861-7932
 
 



                        © 2025 law offices of young & nichols  | designed by
                        	compulse integrated marketing

 

 
 
 






























