







rent to own homes in winston-salem - t&r residential






































 







t&r residential properties, llc
the local leader in rent to own homes


 


call us! (336)439-8249


about us
contact us
rental application
greensboro rent to own homes
more



twitter







facebook














twitter







facebook






about us
contact us
rental application
greensboro rent to own homes

 



 


find rent to own homes in winston-salem, nc – free list
enter your information here to gain access to great rent to own houses in the winston-salem area.
also get email alerts when new winston-sale rent to own homes are available..



enter your info to see available homes…






desired zip code email*

emailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  








δ






 



winston-salem lease option / rent to own homes
don’t sign another rent check!!
good credit,  bad credit or no credit? 
   we have rent-to-own homes in winston-salem, nc available for you!
   don’t sign another rent check!! fire your landlord today!!
 
 
 
a rent to own (or lease option) is a great way to get into a home when bank financing just won’t work. learn more…
if you’re tired of renting, and you want to own a home in winston-salem but your credit, lack of down payment, or income hold you back from qualifying for a normal bank loan… a “rent to own”, often called “lease option” or “lease purchase” may be a great fit for you.
we specialize in helping winston-salem, nc residents earn the satisfaction of being a home owner through our winston-salem rent to own home program.
t&r residential properties, llc offers great rent-to-own houses and apartments in and around winston-salem, nc… in conjunction with our help to get your credit up so you can purchase the home in as short of a timeline as possible. want to know when the best properties hit the market?
sign up now to see winston-salem rent to own houses!

what are the types of rent to own / lease option houses in winston-salem we offer?
our local rent to own homes are move-in ready, in good neighborhoods, and often freshly updated. inquire with us on this site for available properties.
we acquire houses every month from homeowners who need to sell for one reason or another. often times we remodel the homes to bring them up to date and up to insanely great shape for a new rent to own tenant / buyer like yourself to move into.
the types of houses we tend to offer on our winston-salem rent to own home program include…

2 bedroom – 4 bedroom homes
800 – 4,000 square feet
updated kitchens and bathrooms
often times many upgrades

each rent to own house is different, so there’s definitely the perfect rent to own house out there for you.
still have questions? check out our frequently asked questions page →
how does a rent to own / lease option work anyway?
a rent-to-own (also known as a lease/option) agreement might be right for you!
it’s easier than you think – and we can help.
the rent to own process is really pretty straightforward.
step 1: submit your info on this website to create a free account and let us know the type of house you’re looking for.
step 2: we’ll look at your situation, the type of property you’re looking for, and show you your rent-to-own options here in winston-salem.
step 3: view the local winston-salem, nc homes that fit what you’re looking for.
plus, as we acquire new properties each month, as long as you’re on our rent to own / lease option list, you’ll get email alerts with the latest properties available.
[/box]
start below and see our available rent to own homes in winston-salem, nc!
rent to own programs mentioned in…


click here to learn more about how we help people like youbecome homeowners in winston-salem ››




share






 
see our local rent to own homes before anyone else!  –  start below


to see available local rent to own and lease purchase homes enter your info below to get started! 

desired zip code email*

commentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 








δ
be the first to hear about new local rent to own housesfill out the form above to search local rent to own homes (often called lease option homes) currently available. 
this list is updated on a weekly basis, and you'll receive email alerts as soon as new rent to own opportunities open up. 


recent posts


houses for rent by owner in walkertown – 4 reasons why rent-to-own is better


tips for making the sale of your house in walkertown quick and painless


rent to own houses in walkertown – how does it work?


comparing your selling options for your walkertown real estate


rent to own real estate in walkertown – what if i have bad credit or no credit?


testimonials


“we are loving our new home…”
tony, we are forever grateful to you. we had tried to sell our house with a realtor and it sat on the market for over a year. our value dropped below what we owed. thank you for helping us find a tenant buyer for our home. we are loving our new home in fort bragg.

david & nicole may - walkertown nc



“…integrity beyond reproach.”
make this important purchase from a dedicated, honest, retired army officer … with integrity beyond reproach.

mike pettway - woodbridge va



“if you need a reference…”
t&r properties can make your dreams of owning a home a reality. my husband and i sold our property to t&r as the mortgage had become difficult to manage. now there is a family that is realizing the dream of home-ownership. he helped us with a burdensome mortgage and helped another family. i highly recommend t&r. if you need a reference, feel free to email me!

jill busick - mt. airy nc



lease option homes available in:greensboro rent to own homes
rent to own homes in:greensboro rent to own homes
 






 

 




buying a rent to own home in winston-salem
faq
about us
privacy policy
blog
contact us
 



twitter







facebook







legal disclaimer: rent to own refers to properties for sale with lease-option financing. this site does not charge for rental listings and is not a pre paid listing service. a
terms of credit during rental period dependent on agreement with homeowner. terms of credit may affect ability to qualify for home loan at end of lease period.


            © 2025 t&r residential properties, llc             - powered by carrot 











