




jacksonville furniture mart | jacksonville areas, and servicing gainesville, palm coast, fernandina beach




















skip to main content




shop all of our in stock merchandise!click here!shop all of our clearance merchandise!click here!































search









locations

come say hello!


furniture mart showroom


clearance center and warehouse



view all




sign in



cart


0








search





search
















locations


view cart 0


sign in
















































shop by roomshop allliving roombedroomdining roomkids roomhome officemattressesaccentsoutdoorfeaturing designer brandsexclusively at jacksonville furniture martdiscover many more top-quality brandsview alldesignservicesmeet our designers. learn morefind your idealmattressyou deserve your beauty sleep.shop mattressesdeliveryservicesoptions that fit for everyone. learn morewhy shop here?learn what sets us apart.read moresee why customers lovejacksonville furniture martreview us on googleexplore our latest showroom displays on facebookfacebookfollow our latest projects on instagram#jaxfurnituremartget a quick response via text 904-726-0808by submitting, you authorize jacksonville furniture mart to text and call the number you provided with offers & other information, possibly using automated means. message/data rates apply. consent is not a condition of purchase. use is subject to terms.jacksonville furniture mart - jacksonville areas, and servicing gainesville, palm coast, fernandina beach furniture storeshop jacksonville furniture mart for the best selection of furniture, mattresses and accessories in the north and central florida and south georgia area including jacksonville areas, and servicing gainesville, palm coast, fernandina beach and many more. with two locations in jacksonville fl, we strive to give you the best experience in town. our showroom floor is always changing to provide you with new treasures and unique finds you will see nowhere else. we stock products great for any room in your home including sofas, sectionals, chairs, accent pieces, beds, mattresses, dressers, dining room sets, office furniture and more. carefully selected to meet our rigorous quality standards, our product radiates beauty and quality and will satisfy its owner for years to come. we have been a family-owned and operated business since 1946 so you know we are dedicated to our community and our customers. browse our full catalog online, check out our facebook or instagram page to see our designer’s favorites, and then come visit one of our locations to try out the furniture for yourself.make it yourspicking out a new piece of furniture should be an enjoyable experience for the whole family and the items you choose should reflect the style of your house or apartment, and more importantly should reflect your personal style. that is why we at jacksonville furniture mart offer a variety of styles for any product you are looking for. constantly evolving and growing, our furniture styles reflect current fashion trends and industry trends as you will see in our relaxed vintage bedroom sets full of distressed greys and whites. if that is not your taste browse our contemporary sofas or a traditional dining set with classic curves and ornate designs. if you are not sure what your style is, take our online style quiz and get paired with product that reflects your taste in other parts of your life or you can work directly with a designer, trained to bring your vision to reality.










don’t miss out on deals & new releases





submitting...







contact notes - required*

do you agree to the terms of service?




























jacksonville furniture mart features a great selection of sofas, sectionals, recliners, chairs, leather furniture, custom upholstery, beds, mattresses, dressers, nightstands, dining sets, kitchen storage, office furniture, entertainment and can help you with your home design and decorating. jacksonville furniture mart offers great quality furniture, at a low price to the jacksonville areas, and servicing gainesville, palm coast, fernandina beach area.
information accuracy - we have taken great care to provide you with information that is accurate and useful. please notify us if you find an error and we will do our best to correct it. we ask that you contact us directly to confirm information about pricing, color, features, dimensions, availability and lead times.
nothing on this page may be copied or reproduced without explicit permission.







site powered by furnituredealer.net © 2006 - 2025 furnituredealer.net, inc., all rights reserved.


privacy policy
accessibility statement
do not sell my personal information


























