







bg embassy – welcome to the page of the bulgarian embassy to the united states. our intention is to better present our country and the activities of the embassy.
































































english
български








embassy of bulgaria,  washington d.c.welcome to the page of the bulgarian embassy to the united states. our intention is to better present our country and the activities of the embassy.













home
the embassy

diplomatic mission staff
the ambassador
political section
trade section
defense attache
police liaison


consular services

visa for bulgaria
bulgarian citizenship
useful information for funeral agencies


explore bulgaria

history and symbols
government
travel to bulgaria
fun trivia and etiquette


bulgaria & usa

bilateral relations
bulgarian schools in the united states
bulgarian organizations in the united states
bulgarian churches in the united states


business

embassy commercial service
trade – sourcing european quality at very competitive prices
investment
legal, tax and other business information
business process outsourcing
startup scene and innovation
important links
commercial contacts


contact us

the embassy
embassy consular section
consulates general in the us
honorary consuls of the republic of bulgaria
holidays


news
 








 





 

ambassador panayotov participated in a delphi forum roundtable discussion 

read more 

ambassador georgi panayotov participated in a roundtable discussion “from sea to shining seas: the untapped potential of the 3 seas ... 

 







 

concert celebrating 20 years bulgaria in nato 

read more 


we celebrated the 20th anniversary of bulgaria’s membership in nato and the enduring bulgarian-american friendship with an exclusive concert at ... 

 







 

donation of the work of prof. suzanna klintcharova to the library of congress 

read more 

ambassador georgi panayotov and the renowned bulgarian harpist professor suzanna klintcharova visited the national audio-visual conservation center  at the library ... 

 







 

bulgaria participates is "fashioning power, fashioning peace" exhibition 

read more 


the "fashioning power, fashioning peace" exhibition, highlighting the global cultural diversity through the influence of fashion and diplomacy, is making ... 

 







 

visa application centers in the usa 

read more 

starting may 8th, 2024 vfs global will open seven visa application centers in the usa  for accepting visa applications for ... 

 



 




 





















our mission



the embassy represents the republic of bulgaria in the united states of america and promotes the development of the bilateral relations and the strategic partnership between the two states.
among the top priorities are deepening the structured bilateral dialogue in the areas of defense and security, fighting terrorism, energy security, the rule of law, education and strengthening people-to-people contacts…


read more
visit bulgaria



if we only had to use one word to describe bulgaria, it would be the word „magic“. this is a country that captivates everybody with its magnificent nature, centuries old traditions and rich history.
explore the opportunities for cultural, winter, summer, rural, ecological and spa tourism…


read more
invest in bulgaria



bulgaria is a member of the european union and nato. the country is strategically located as a bridge between europe, asia and africa and has well educated, highly skilled and multilingual work force. the corporate income tax rate is 10%.
there are many opportunities and advantages of investment in bulgaria…


read more



recent news













 
  


 
 
 



 
embassy of the republic of bulgaria

 1621 22nd street, nw, dimitar peshev plaza, washington d.c. 20008
phone: (202) 387 0174 email: office@bulgaria-embassy.org

  
 
 


© 2017 powered by scalefocus
home
news
the embassy
events
sitemap



 
 




 
























