






sunset cliffs animal hospital | serving san diego’s dogs & cats

















































home
about
services
calendar
contact us
pharmacy
 





select page


  
 



 



 










sunset cliffs animal hospital

serving san diego’s dogs & cats for over two decades
“i have been going to scah for years and have had excellent care for my pets. it’s a good feeling knowing i have them there when in need and trust them with my pet ‘children’.”– michele k.






view all services

request an appointment






contact us



contact info




4862 santa monica ave, san diego, ca 92107






(619) 224-0773





open hours




mon–fri: 7:00am - 5:30pm






sat: 8:00am - 1:30pm






sun: closed
















signature veterinary care for your family
our mission is to provide state-of-the-art, compassionate care to our patients and excellent customer service to our clients. our doctors and staff are passionate about caring for pets—you and your furry family members are the reason we come to work every day!










dr. christy silvaberg
specializing in bulldog care.










dr. fiona lair
feline friendly certified












services

more than just veterinary care
at sunset cliffs animal hospital, we never lose sight of the fact that our patients and clients are the reason for our success. whether you’re coming to us for the first time, or have been a client for a decade, you can rest assured that our team will take the time to address any questions or concerns you may have about your pet.

all vet services











wellness services
vaccines, heartworm tests, deworming and flea and heartworm prevention





cat boarding
 “kitty condos” cat boarding





advanced care
surgery, dental care, laser therapy







diagnostics
digital radiography, ultrasound, cbc/ chemistry/urinaysis, other diagnostics





pharmacy
flea & tick, heartworm, food, allergy, pain relief, and more





end of life
hospice and end of life care





all vet services










send us a message
petcare@sunsetcliffsanimalhospital.com








visit our office
4862 santa monica ave, san diego, ca 92107










call us today
 (619) 224-0773








follow us



followfollow



 










facebook




instagram


© 2023 sunset cliffs animal hospital. all rights reserved | designed by lisa browne marketing 




 













