


dr. ann de wees allen







































alpha 
                            scientist 





known 
                            in the industry as the “alpha scientist,” 
                            dr. allen is in the forefront of scientific breakthroughs, 
                            including nanotechnology, nanomolecules, quantum chocolate, 
                            genetic polymorphisms in dysregulated arginine metabolism, 
                            sickle cell polymorphisms, thalassemia, blind amino 
                            acid riders, l-arginine isoform pathways, and edible 
                            computer chips.





research 
                            titles





•
medical 
                          researcher
                          30+ years of clinical research


•
chief 
                          of biomedical research
                          glycemic research institute®


•
director 
                          of clinical research
                          children’s obesity & diabetes
                          human in vivo clinical trials
                          type i adult diabetes 
                          obesity & adipose tissue fat-storage
                          glycemic research laboratories


•
chief 
                          researcher
                          skinny science® research 
                          skinny science® edu


•
chief 
                          science officer
                          edible computer chips


•
director 
                          of nanoparticle science
                          blood brain barrier research 


•
director 
                          of orthomolecular & nutraceutical research
                          l-arginine research


•
director 
                          of clinical research
                          director of research & development
                          encode research
                          global genetic solutions
                          nutritional genomics
                          division of sickle cell & thalassemia 





future 
                            science





the 
                            medical and research community states that dr. allen's 
                            science and technology is "twenty years ahead 
                            of everyone else." 







known in the industry for her bold 
                            stance of setting high standards in scientific accuracy, 
                            dr. allen went so far as to correct discover magazine, 
                            whose educational publication is considered the gold 
                            standard in science. her 
                            statement on quaternary saturated amines prompted 
                            a correction by discover.







for over twenty years, dr. allen 
                            had warned of the dangers of using l-arginine without 
                            a blind amino acid rider. her stance on l-arginine 
                            was validated in january 2006, when the journal of 
                            the american medical association (jama) published 
                            the johns hopkins clinical trial on oral l-arginine, 
                            in which l-arginine was shown to cause death in a 
                            significant segment of the subjects, which prompted 
                            the close of the clinical trial.
as a result of her long-term research 
                            on the amino acid l-arginine, the medical and scientific 
                            community refered to dr. allen as the leader in l-arginine 
                            biochemistry, and the queen of arginine. 
when dr. allen was asked by the media 
                            how she is able to stay on the leading edge of future-science, 
                            she replied:
“part science, part skill, 
                            and part intuition. i also credit my savant-dyslexia. 
                            a dyslexic’s nonlinear images allows them to 
                            think much more quickly and multi-dimensionally. albert 
                            einstein was savant-dyslexic. einstein was able to 
                            develop his theory of relativity due to his dyslexic 
                            properties of creativity and ability to make intuitive 
                            leaps. intuitive leaps allow me to ignore conventional 
                            science and make theoretical bonds with nutritional 
                            concepts. the key then, is to scientifically prove 
                            these concepts.”
as a tribute to einstein, in 1983 
                            dr. allen named her l-arginine isoform pathway l-arginine 
                            m².






more 
                            about dr. allen











 









genetic 
                            breakthrough 





genetic 
                            breakthrough
                            announced by medical community

                            top researchers break the code to
                            genetic diseases sickle cell &
                            thalassemia 
 













dr. 
                                    ann de wees allen addresses the united nations 
                                    general assembly in new york city




click 
                                    here for press release














encode 
                            ® research





a 
                            group of top scientists, named “the 
                            dream team” have discovered the key 
                            code to a new treatment for sickle cell disease and 
                            thalassemia, the number one genetic disease in the 
                            world.

                            fellow researchers named the group the dream team 
                            due to their groundbreaking research and discoveries 
                            in the field of nutragenomics.
touted 
                            globally as one of the most important discoveries 
                            of this century, researchers say that “this 
                            discovery may well be worthy of the nobel prize in 
                            medicine.”





“our 
                            goal is to harness the power of nutritional genomics. 
                            we aim to understand genetic variations in the metabolism 
                            of specific nutrients, beginning with l-arginine, 
                            and to develop methodologies specifically addressing 
                            and ameliorating genetic variants.”



                    click here
www.encoderesearch.com









 



















 









scientist 
                            generates
                            over $ 1 billion dollars
                            in patents & technology
 






both 
                            scientifically and financially, dr. ann de wees allen® 
                            has reset the standard definition of success.






front 
                              page of the wall street journal, “breakthrough 
                              product of the year” by success magazine, 
                              “first glycemic patent ever awarded worldwide”, 
                              first scientist to address the united nations 
                              general assembly on l-arginine (sickle cell conference), 
                              who’s who of american inventors . 
                              . . these are the accolades of renowned researcher, 
                              dr. ann de wees allen®. 
with more than one 
                                billion dollars generated from global 
                                licensing of dr. allen’s patents and technology, 
                                financial experts are paying close attention to 
                                the next discovery that evolves from dr. ann de 
                                wees allen’s laboratory. 
as chief of biomedical research 
                                at the glycemic research institute®, 
                                and chief scientist at skinny science® 
                                corporation, dr. allen’s 25-year history 
                                of clinical research has produced a plethora of 
                                cutting-edge edible computer chips® 
                                that are designed to address anti-aging, diabetes, 
                                and the current childhood and adult obesity epidemic.
the breakthrough technology and 
                                products developed by dr. allen’s research 
                                team focus on the glycemic index and include skinny 
                                science® coffee, skinny 
                                science® ice cream, and skinny 
                                science® chocolate, all of which 
                                are designed to be low glycemic, non-cephalic 
                                (brain glycemic indexing), and to avert storage 
                                in human fat cells. 
skinny science® foods, 
                                beverages and sweet-treats are specifically designed 
                                to be guilt-free, all-natural (no artificial sweeteners), 
                                diabetic friendly®, kid friendly®, and 
                                diet friendly. so, who wouldn’t want chocolate 
                                and ice cream that tastes great, is natural, and 
                                designed to avoid fat-storage? 






click 
                            here for press release

































jordan 
                            romero becomes the youngest person in the world to 
                            scale mount everest, the world's tallest mountain. 
                            click 
                            here

                            glycemic research institute & dr. ann de wees 
                            allen sponsor jordan romero on mount everest.












skinny 
                            science ® researchers discover why artificial 
                            sweeteners & diet sodas 
                            are fattening




click 
                                    here for dr. allen's live newscast at 
                                    clear channel 



 












dr. 
                            oz says: 
"diet sodas

                            are fattenting"

click 
                            here for newsletter


















 















american 
                            diabetes association
                            recognizes benefits of
                            the glycemic index






the 
                            american diabetes association (july 2008) embraced 
                            the results of a huge clinical trial at harvard school 
                            of public health, and the benefits of the glycemic 
                            index.

                            in a study of more than 85,000 people over a 20-year 
                            period, the glycemic index was validated in preventing 
                            type 2 diabetes and obesity. 




researchers 
                            concluded that:




•
tracked 
                            for over 2 decades, “women had a 250 percent 
                            higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes if they 
                            consistently ate foods high in glycemic load, like 
                            sugar-sweetened fruit juice, refined sugary cereal, 
                            and bread.” 


•
“being 
                          carb smart helps keep diabetes at bay”


















                            diabetes research
                            glycemic research institute®
                            601 pennsylvania avenue
                            n.w. suite 900
                            washington, d.c. 20004
www.glycemic.com





















                            diabetic human in-vivo clinical trials
                            glycemic research laboratories
www.glycemicresearchlaboratories.com










































childhood 
                              obesity epidemic
 






the 
                              number of overweight children aged 6-11 has more 
                              than doubled in the past 20 years. current estimates 
                              show that 32 percent of u.s. children are overweight, 
                              while 16 percent are obese. 

parents 
                              are struggling to control and prevent their children 
                              from becoming yet another statistic in the obesity/diabetes 
                              epidemic. 
researchers 
                              are now predicting that one of every two children 
                              will develop type 2 diabetes because of excess weight, 
                              which raises the probability that they will die 
                              as much as 20 years younger than their parents. 
                              
children 
                              in the united states are completely surrounded by 
                              fattening foods and beverages. even infant formulas 
                              contain added sugar, so from birth, children are 
                              ingesting ingredients that increase the size of 
                              fat cells and trigger fat cells to increase in number.
the 
                              creation of an abundance of fat cells in children 
                              makes it almost impossible for that child to maintain 
                              normal weight or to lose weight as the child grows. 
                              by age 18, the stage has already been set for a 
                              child to be slim or obese.






click 
                            here for more information



















dr. ann de wees allen receives united states patent on world's first fat-burning coffee






 researcher and scientist, dr. ann de wees allen® has received a patent on the world's first fat-burning coffee.
  
dr. allen started working on a new invention for a mechanism which switched any form of plain coffee to a fat-burning coffee in 1983.
   
she subsequently filed a patent on fat-burning coffee, fat-burning tea, fat-burning water, and numerous other fat-burning products, and was issued a full u.s. patent. dr. allen's patent attorney is now the director of the united states patent & trademark office(uspto.gov).
   
dr. allen has licensed her fat-burning coffee and fat-burning tea to various companies since the 1980's, which has generated multi-millions of dollars in sales.
   
her fat-burning coffee was named breakthrough product of the year by success magazine and was featured on the cover of the wall street journal for having generated over $$ 300 million dollars - and that was before her fat-burning coffee really took off.
   
dr. allen holds the exclusive manufacturing rights to her proprietary coffee and tea compound which is the key to making safe and effective fat-burning products, as well as legal claims on fat-burning coffee or tea.
   
proprietary trade secrets, unlike patents, trademarks and copyrights, are defined and governed by individual state law and are recognized in every u.s. state. this allows inventors, like dr. allen, to defend and protect their proprietary trade secrets.
   
dr. allen's proprietary trade secrets, related to fat-burning coffee, have never been revealed, thus assuring that the original and authentic fat-burning coffee remains a proprietary trade secret.
   
update: dr. allen continues to successfully license her fat-burning technology to the nutraceutical industry, and is currently working on a new methodology in coffee research. she will have board approved human in vivo clinical trials completed featuring this new technology in 2014.
   

this article originated at:
www.anndeweesallen.com
                             






 




 











skinny 
                            science ® defined





skinny 
                            science ® is a branch of biomedical research that 
                            refers to weight management in humans, adipose tissue 
                            fat-storage, fat-storing mechanisms, cephalic effect, 
                            thermogenic fat-burning, and low glycemic methodologies.





key 
                            code 





 
                            dr. allen's skinny science ® research team has 
                            discovered the key code 
                            for fat-storage in the fat cell, identifying which 
                            foods store in human fat cells and which foods do 
                            not store in fat cells, and why diet sodas are more 
                            fattening than a bowl of sugar.





dr. 
                            ann de wees allen 
                            chief researcher
                            skinny science ® biomedical team
                            human in vivo clinical research 
 































utilizing state-of-the-art methodologies 
                          in nutritional genomics, foods, beverages, nutrients, 
                          and proteins can now be safely designed to encode transporters, 
                          receptors, carrier proteins, enzymes and hormones. 
 for 
                          nutrigenomic scientists, this means that they can begin 
                          to construct a picture of dietary interactions from 
                          the level of body composition and whole-body physiology, 
                          from substrate-flux through metabolic pathways, to the 
                          amount and activity of crucial enzymes, and on, down 
                          to the effects of gene expression.





 
                          nutritional genomics in protein research
click 
                          here 













protein 
                          synthesis 
                          transcription 
                          & translation
click 
                          here





























state 
                              of the art nanotechnology
 





nanobot 
                            and red blood cells









glycemic 
                            research institute® has been conducting human 
                            clinical in vivo trials in the field of diabetes for 
                            the past 23 years. this picture represents nanotechnology 
                            in diabetes research.





blood 
                            brain barrier









nanotechnology 
                                    & the 
                                    blood-brain-barrier nanoparticle paths of 
                                    entry




in 
                                            its neuroprotective role, the blood-brain-barrier 
                                            (bbb) blocks agents from entering 
                                            the brain. 











this 
                            protective mechanism has been in place since man first 
                            walked the earth. if this mechanism was not in place, 
                            the brain would self-destruct within a few weeks, 
                            as invaders, including natural sugars, foods, and 
                            amino acids, would cause a biochemical implosion capable 
                            of killing the host (the human body).




click 
                            here for full article





nanomanufacturing










 
                                    manufacturing at the nanoscale involves the 
                                    industrial application of nanotechnologies. 
                                    




click 
                                          here for full article
























 













 

the 
                                          term edible computer chip® 
                                          has recently gained popularity in the 
                                          nutraceutical and pharmaceutical fields. 
                                          

                                          though edible computer chips® 
                                          sound like they may describe a futuristic 
                                          robotic-chip that programs the human 
                                          body to follow specific commands, that 
                                          is not the case.  













edible 
                            computer chip® are not synthetic, 
                            nor do they contain any non-food grade or unsafe ingredients. 
                            they are manufactured and produced from non-gmo ingredients, 
                            organic fruit and fda acceptable food and beverage 
                            ingredients. 



click 
                                    here for full article













 









copyright © 2005 - 2013 dr. ann de wees allen® 














