





home | sizemore inc.




































800.445.1748


associate portal  
security staffing janitorial 










home  about

meet the team locations safety   employers services

security staffing janitorial   contact apply now 





putting you first



security staffing janitorial   looking for a job?











      need a job?    need to hire? contact us  our mission is greater than the services we offer. it is to create quality partnerships with our customers, our employees, and the communities we serve. with sizemore you can rest assured that, with everything we do, we're putting you first.  sizemore, inc. is a national leader in security, staffing, and janitorial services. we've put our employees and clients first since 1955. how can we put you first? covid-19: letter to employees    what our clients are saying "sizemore is a great company! as a family owned and operated business, you are not just a contract to them, you are family! they care about your business, not just the bottom line. sizemore is engaged and responsive to your unique needs. whether you are a warehouse, office building or a hospital, they perform a needs assessment followed by a detailed implementation plan tailored just for you. sizemore provides top notch service that is second to none! they are a great investment for your business!" craig stuckless, director of engineering | meadows regional medical center    what our clients are saying "allan davis and his team at sizemore security have been a tremendous asset providing site security services to interfor's eatonton division. sizemore security was quick to respond on short notice when we needed their services and we have since developed a partnership of trust and professionalism as we continue to develop our security systems." mike house, mill manager | interfor - eatonton division    what our clients are saying "the staff at the sizemore statesboro office is very attentive to our staffing needs and meets them in a timely manner. the sizemore staff is always positive when you call into the office and will do what they can to help you with any issue. it is a pleasure to work with the team at sizemore statesboro when it comes to our needs for both staffing and payroll for our current sizemore associates. thanks for all of your help!" training manager | client confidential         security »     staffing »     janitorial »     







 locations although sizemore, inc. has many physical office locations located in the southeastern united states, we also provide security, staffing and janitorial services for many customers with vendor on premise locations as well being licensed to provide security services in more than 20 states, which gives us the ability to service your locations anywhere across the united states.




view all locations










 68 years in business   8338 employed in 2022   75,000,000 sq ft cleaned daily   25,000+ hours of security weekly 



 looking for a job?





locations contact us 

					sizemore® is the registered trademark of sizemore, inc.   |   workkeys® is the registered trademark of act, inc.
					
					copyright © 2025 sizemore inc.. all rights reserved. website designed by powerserve


associate portal 

































