







the dipper incense











































281.585.8400


















































cart
















0
















            bundles
          

            cones & sticks
          

            incense oil
          

            accessories
          

            wholesale
          

            contact
          



























































cart
















0











bundlescones & sticksincense oilaccessorieswholesalecontact


















scroll








double strength incense since 1980




    shop now
  









 

the dipper incense features the world’s largest selection of incense in over 100 captivating fragrances. buy our incense online in individual and wholesale purchases.all our incense is handcrafted and sealed in protective bags to ensure freshness. we have earned our reputation of excellence by blending exceptional essences with only the highest quality ingredients. the dipper incense is also known for it's longer burn times. better still, now you can buy incense online, right here on our website!home of the big stick incense, our aromas go unmatched anywhere in the world and have won the title of "america's favorite incense". the dipper's incense is created from the finest essences available including vanilla from madagascar and premium malaysian patchouli for our incense. one should never have to sacrifice durability for beauty. our philosophy is built into every piece we make. read our story.

 




 

what our customers say:




“i received my incense and oil samples about 3 weeks ago and i have never been happier. you guys are the best incense company ever! i love your products! i burn several of the 19 inch incense daily and everything i got from you was perfect.i do plan on making another order in the near future when i save up enough extra money for a large purchase. i will not get my incense from any other company ever again. thanks so much for your excellent customer service and care!”

— c buttler




“i just received my second order from the dipper inc, and i am more than satisfied. your incense is the best i have ever used and i have tried just about all of them. i have recommended the dipper to everyone i know that would be interested in incense and everyone has been so pleased with their incense. i wanted to thank you for the free samples and fast shipping. i will be ordering incense from you forever! warm and sensual is the best scent ever!! keep up the great work, and thanks again!!!”

— j. braddy



 



get in touch!fill out your details below so we can better answer you.










              name
              
                *




first name





last name





              email
              
                *





              subject
              
                *





              message
              
                *







thank you!




 


























customized wholesale displays
save money | mix and match scents










incense sticks
shop now










incense cones
shop now










the big stick
shop now










good sheppherd
new!










accessories
shop now










halloween bundles 
now available!













feature



philosophy



new page



product group












customerservice@thedipper.com


hours


















about uscontactwholesalemanufacturingfragrances




shipping & returns      terms & conditions     privacy policy homecopyright © 2007-2027 the dipper inc. - po box 400, alvin tx 77512 - (281) 585-8400









