


featured artist



















    
	featured artist
	
  
news from big cat





monday, december 11, 2006



	 
	 major announcements...11/18/2007
	 
    


      joe (big cat) murphy will have a upcoming press release and news conference on dec. 4th in hollywood, ca.. in the meantime check out our myspace.www.myspace.com/bigcatentertainmentgroupget the lastest news on who big cat is inviting to the grammy's & oscar's, and the mansion party.dj perry (cdi films) & big cat will once again team up to bring the best entertainment.  who is this exotic beauty bceg is bringing to the states. entertainment magazine online will launch winter 2008, casting will begin shortly for supermodel showdown africa, and a new television series to launch in central america hosted by one of america's top models, a model that was voted one of the most beautiful women in the world by magazines from four continents also named one of the most 100 sexiest women. look for our new experience packages and websites. supermodel showdown costa rica is currently in editing by a major production company look for the 1st episode jan.15, 2008 and major launch parties set for costa rica, columbia, peru and panama. supermodel showdown costa rica is a 13 episode reality show featuring models and living in the jungle. look for our upcoming press release and news conference.
    


posted by big cat experiences at 7:23 pm






sunday, july 30, 2006



	 
	 bceg will be uniting forces...for expansion
	 
    


the new bceg partners will be announced at the boston dvd release party. these people are totally committed to the future and success of bceg and have proven success records. "they best of the best" we have new production staff ... music & film, lawyer firm and our new public relations director. etc. look for the upcoming introduction trailer to the new big cat entertainment group's website "this will blow you away" launch aug.11. and the next casting for the next segment in supermodel showdown (africa) will begin aug.11. entertainment magazine online will also be up in sept., the first issue will launch with a live video interview with stevie wonder, and also feature one of rock n roll's biggest events. also featuring one of america's top bike builders, which he built aerosmith's "just push play" bikes and my new friends from canada.also we hope to be bringing one of the top music phenomenas to the united states, launching their tour in boston....watch for this major announcement shortly.we needed to do this now for the expansion of all en-ties.



posted by big cat experiences at 2:25 pm






monday, april 24, 2006



	 
	 american music awards experience for charity
	 
    


bceg will donate a package worth $7500.00 to the music for middlesex charity event may 13 at the chevalier theatre in medford. this package will include walking the "red carpet", tickets and backstage passes and also the after parties. they'll will attend the event with klassy cats and get to meet everyone. destiny child, mariah, paris, pam, jamie fox, this event covers all genders of music.this event is produced by longtime friend and associate of dick clark's , larry klien, which i got to meet with dick clark and bobby v. steven tyler is a honary chairman and this charity brings some of boston's finest talent together. including this year is the renion of "new england". sid hashien of the band "boston" will auction this rare experience live at this event .music for middlesex i, ii and iii in the past has saw electrifying performances by stars such as steven tyler,tom hamilton and joey kramer of aerosmith, james montgomery and friends (featuring doug flutie, the boston horns, johnny a and danny klein of j geils), joey molland of badfinger, jon pousette-dart, fred lipsius of blood, sweat, & tears, the long awaited reunion of mca recording artists new england and many others. bceg will be covering this event and looks foward to hanging with longtime friend hirsh gardner (new england) the big cat cameras will follow the band on this much anticpated reunion. buy your tickets now...www.musicformiddlesex.com



posted by big cat experiences at 2:18 pm






thursday, april 13, 2006



	 
	 updates april 14. 2006
	 
    


bceg will be updated throughout this week...bceg will launch one of the supermodel showdown trailers on http://www.bigcatentertainmentgroup.com tuesday the 18th. currently all bceg websites are being updated for the future and you will see many changes. it was great hooking up with g.w. burns this week as we watched the trailers together and relived a lot of the moments we had in costa rica.entertainment magazine onlinebceg will launch its online magazine sept.http://www.entertainmentmagazineonline.com in july with its first live interview . bceg will also cover one of rock n rolls biggest charity events with a long waited reunion of rock superstars (new england). bceg will also donate a red carpet event to the mtv awards in new york in august to this charity. (check back of updates) look for the featured model in the first issue.bceg attends the goo goo dollsbig cat attended a private concert in boston featuring the goo goo dolls. the concert was of one hundred people that donated instruments to less fortunate children to keep the music going. the band played a set on a cruise boat last night. the cruise lasted about two hours.bceg attends country music awardsbig cat attended the country music awards in nashville on monday night.bceg attends charity eventbig cat attended the a-list charity event for a hundred fifty people in boston this past week. he attended the event with bceg creative director bobby dimarzo and klassy cat traci mac. it was great seeing joe freeman (dynasty models) peter wolf (j.geils band) which had the hit centerfold johnny a (the guitar god) and james montgomery played with a all-star band. many sports players supported the event such as the new england patriots and coaches jim kelly (hall of fame) cam neely (hockey legend) also attended the event. also ernie boch and herb chambers were their. the charity raised close to “one million dollars”bceg attends the taste of the south shorebig cat attended the taste of the south shore last week the event features the best restaurants in boston. it was great hooking up with my friends from bon caldos in norwood. one of 15 restaurants in massachusetts to receive a 4 star rating look for the dvd launch dinner their.bceg attends petula clarks showbig cat attended petula clarks show at the mohegan sun in conn. petula has sold over 60 million records was the last person to dance with fred astaire . we got to interview her in her room. love ya petula.bceg finds time…big cat found time even with finishing final editing of supermodel showdown updating 4 websites creating a online magazine doing interviews attending a charity event and taste of the south shore petula clarks show at mohegan sun and a private concert with the goo goo dolls for 100 people he also had 6 meetings last week and found time to attend a gig of 500 people being girl scouts. their dads take them to this event…its really cool to see these girls dancing with their dads…a great event. hey guys we didn’t forget you we also hooked up with the number one bon jovi cover band jovi. they rocked!big cat stated …i’m back and i’m back strong. get ready bceg is coming at ya!



posted by big cat experiences at 10:32 am






friday, march 10, 2006



	 
	 new updates 3-10-06
	 
    


first of all i would like to thank everyone for their cards, support and prayers. it's a exciting time as myself, dj perry just returned from the oscar viewing party, soul train awards . this is the second time we returned to norby walters "night of 100 stars". our camera crews were there. bceg was also seen backstage at the soul train awards both interviewed. look for me saying hi to r. kelly, it starts syndication this saturday. we are currently editing the tape from the "night of 100 stars" and the "elton john after party", to many celebrities...jermaine jackson, paris & pam, elton john, carmen electra, martin landua, ed asner, cheryl tiegs, suzanne sommers, my friend lou diamond phillips...no more flowers lou! see us on the "red carpet".it was great to see all the response from our dvd...supermodel showdown "on location" as many producers , stars, and press were introduced to it's cover. nadia you were the star of the parties. dj perry our director was immediately reconized after being on the red carpet by one of his fans. dj your such a blessing. since i have been back i have had numerous interviews, seven in one day. all press can be seen on new website.all of our sites are being updated with new footage, be patient. we also met with william morris agency, the number one agency, about supermodel showdown, stay tuned.supermodel showdown website will be up march 20th, the trailers are awesome. thanks to craig howell "director of art design" for supermodel showdown dvd design. this award winner artist has been contracted for the term of supermodel showdown "costa rica".look for us at the "daytime emmy's", can't wait to see you thersea.special thanks to d.j. perry, g.w. burns, nathaniel nose, nadia dawn, craig howell.big cat "dreams really do come true"



posted by big cat experiences at 2:30 pm






wednesday, january 18, 2006



	 
	 get ready supermodel showdown is coming!
	 
    


get ready because the “first look” is coming!yesterday i went to the editing studio to check progress on our web clips and trailers promoting the dvd and tv show. wow! wow! did i say wow! this being the first thing i had directed i was nervous about seeing it all come together. in my head is one thing but then final product is another. what i saw was beauty upon beauty upon beauty! i liked nathaniel nose’s (our editor) reel when i first saw it. his reel had consisted primary of a few really slick liquor commercials shot in nyc with fashion models. i really liked his kinetic sense of motion and flow. he has background in motion picture so we both speak the same language. nataniel is set to do interview with fox on this project. the clips of each of the girls are mini trailers themselves that really give a strong hint to the girl’s individual personalities. the footage looks amazing and the trailers really capture the primal essence that joe and i wanted.we are doing some final graphics and i recorded a voice over yesterday. also we are working on an opening to the show. the footage is batched and the assembly of the final dvd is next. i’m very happy with it all and extremely excited to show the world a touch of the magic we all experienced after a few weeks in the jungle. i miss our cast and crew after watching all this footage again. i know that the distributors anxiously awaiting a first look will be blown away by this unique and exotic look that we have captured.stay tune because the footage is just around the bend. joe murphy is a man of action and the world will see what the power of a dream can do. again i thank him for the experience and the opportunity.sincerely,dj perry, producer, director, co-writer



posted by big cat experiences at 7:46 pm






tuesday, january 10, 2006



	 
	 featured model amber lee
	 
    


orginal klassy cat amber lee ettinger is the featured model for january. amber lee attended "the grammy"s" last year with klassy cats and can be seen on www.klassycats.com . it was great seeing her this past weekend at autorama, amber lee is spokesmodel for pirelli tires. amber lee has been featured in all the top magazines, calendars and has been seen in numerous television shows including l.a. law. check out her website, she has to many credits to list. she is one of the hardest working and top models in the industry. it was great seeing her this weekend , i hadn't talked with her for a while. we made a pack to keep in touch. it's great to see models having the successs amber lee is, i wish her the very best. big cat stated. check out www.amberleeonline.com



posted by big cat experiences at 12:24 pm









	 
	 big cat brings in new near with kool!
	 
    


big cat brought in the new year with legandary perfomers kool & the gang, they danced the night away. big cat stated meeting founding member kool was way cool, what a show...totally energized.



posted by big cat experiences at 12:16 pm









	 
	 bceg ceo new year's message
	 
    


joe (big cat) murphycheif executive officeras we approach the new year, i think of the phenomenal growth bceg has had this past year. we had explosive growth which therefore produced many challenges. looking back i wouldn’t have changed it for the world. bceg’s explosive growth could not have been done alone. many talented people helped along the way and i would like to thank you from the bottom of my heart.looking back at the grammy’s, this past year, we had a vip box, attended the tsunami relief concert, a private pre-grammy party for 300 people and klassy cats were introduced in front of the paparazzi…thanks to klassy cats amber lee ettinger, mackenzie davis, lauren elise, tamara mcgill, christina penegar and stephanie stanard. we had a blast, attending the after parties.this event set the pace for 2005…and four weeks later we were back in l.a. for “the night of 100 stars” (the oscars). hosted by hollywood super agent norby walters. this was not the only highlight of the year!i introduced supermodel showdown on the red carpet, i also met natalle nicole for first time, and once you meet her, you fall in love with her. she is truly precious! natalie attended the supermodel tour, glamour nude workshop and is one of the stars of supermodel showdown, a true klassy cat.before i get to the supermodel tour, i would like to thank paul flanery. paul and i spent countless hours in 2005 developing klassy cats, the tour, and ultimately, supermodel showdown. he also introduced d.j. perry to me in that year.a pivotal point in bceg’s growth was the supermodel tour launch party. many celebrities showed up for this event, a three day weekend, which featured models from maxim, playboy, stuff and fhm. while in boston, they were seen on fox 25, wfnx and at virgin megastore. three models, natalie nicole, jessica rich and katie elizabeth were cast for supermodel showdown. katie elizabeth & jessica rich, we’ve been through a lot together this past year, you’ve always supported me as i have you. i hit a homerun with both of you; you’re the sweetest girls i’ve ever met. at the event i met my good friend bobby dimarzo owner of scene boston magazine, i was also introduced to michael helltinson owner of a professional soccer team…thanks so much for your help with the show.kevin, thanks you’ve been at two of my events, you’re a great guy and continue to give me support. i’d like to thank the world champion new england patriots for attending my event.i also met my dear friend photographer mike brochu for the first time. mike, it was a thousand degrees on that boat a prelude to costa rica. .i also got to meet playboy’s claudia costa and star of supermodel showdown, she is so cool and did a huge favor and i truly appreciate it. she is a true klassy cat. mike it seems like we been friends forever, thanks for all your consultation and lending a good ear.limo richard, my good friend, i’ve spent countless hours in your limo’s and you have always treated me like a rock star and kept me safe. we have along history, we could definitely write a book. we’ll miss tessa always…diamond & spaz will see you soon.they said it couldn’t be done. they even tried to stop it the day we were leaving. i’m here to tell the world supermodel showdown will air on a major network in 2006. this show is beyond my wildest dreams. everyone will be blown away on the journey we all experienced. it’s not often in life that someone gets to thank the numerous people that helped my dream come true. i believed in something, i even put the money up for something i believed in, and many people devoted their time, talent and efforts and finances.thank you all so much! my crew, d.j. perry, nadia dawn, g.w. burns, maria wade, matt fienman, amy rose, karen koenig, nicoli, fernado, dan, marisol and her mother and yaz.even with the phone calls and e-mails you still came to this awesome experience. you all know we have a hit. be patient, you will relive all those moments and more. i treasure these moments while editing the tape. the audience will live these moments also. i love you all…jessica rich, natallie nicole, melanie tillbrook, abby m, katie elizabeth, jessica rae, claudia costa, rebecca armbrister the stars of supermodel showdown.d.j. perry, we have a hit, so many doors are opening for us daily. it took year to finally hook up. we are turning gray , the ends in sight…my dear friend, thank you…what can i say about my host, nadia dawn, class, smart, funny, loving and gorgeous. no matter what challenges i face, i roll back to the tape with the red poncho, it always cracks me up. it’s your year this year, its your time and i’m behind all the way. thanks so much nadia…also g.w. burns is not only a great photographer, he really stepped up to the plate when bceg needed it and i’m very grateful. even though we have had our differences i admire him and his work. thanks to all who attended the g.w. burns glamour nude workshop. a special thanks to ricardo and his lovely wife...i can't thank you enough. hey g ever find your #9 shirt!to all the models, make up artist, limo drivers, photographers and security. my sponsors, tease um bikini, paul thanks man….hawaiian tropics, copa wear…thanks anthony…get ready for 2006, theirs no stopping us…supermodel showdown is coming!thanks to everyone…happy new yearbig catchief executive officer  



posted by big cat experiences at 12:13 am









	 
	 what a week...
	 
    


this past week was crazy, working on supermodel showdown with director, d.j. perry and the bceg 2006 season. casting for klassy cats , a private meet & greet with u-2's bono, attending the boston pheonix lingerie ball with klassy cat (traci). bceg, also hanging out with my friends from bon jovi . i guess i'm gearing up for 2006.



posted by big cat experiences at 12:10 am









	 
	 bono, big cat backstage all access
	 
    


big cat will be backstage with a meet & greet with rock icon bono at the fleet center in boston on monday night. this is the start of a awesome week with it ending with friends of bceg bon jovi.



posted by big cat experiences at 12:08 am









	 
	 big cat to have grammy's vip box
	 
    


big cat ) will attend the grammy's for the second year. big cat brought 8 klassy cats last year, they attended the grammy's in a vip suite and attended the after party. again this year eight priveledged klassy cats will attend the show and parties.



posted by big cat experiences at 12:06 am











about me

name:  big cat experiences 

view my complete profile

links

google news
edit-me
edit-me

previous posts

major announcements...11/18/2007
bceg will be uniting forces...for expansion
american music awards experience for charity
updates april 14. 2006
new updates 3-10-06
get ready supermodel showdown is coming!
featured model amber lee
big cat brings in new near with kool!
bceg ceo new year's message
what a week...

archives

august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
march 2006
april 2006
july 2006
december 2006









 



