






staffmarket peo marketplace








finding your best professional employer organization (peo) or employee leasing solution just got a whole lot easier.
making the decision to join a professional employer organization (peo) to handle your human resources tasks is a smart move that has benefited thousands of businesses across the usa.




hiring a professional employer organization allows business owners and managers to focus their energy on expanding their business without worrying about payroll, tax deposits, workers' compensation insurance, health insurance and other regulatory compliance. but before you can seriously consider joining a peo, you need to find the professional employer organization (peo) that provides the services you expect, the employee benefits you want...all at a competitive price.
what's the easiest way to select a peo? ...put staffmarket to work.
staffmarket is the nation's largest marketplace for the professional employer organization industry. our mission is to understand your unique needs, identify the best solutions and quickly get your company competitive proposals from our national network of the nation's best professional employer organization companies.
since 1999 we have helped over 20,000 companies evaluate employee leasing and peo solutions.let us help you!
staffmarket works with 591 peos with over $33 billion in annual sales. join over 270,000 businesses and 4,049,000 employees who are getting quality services and benefits with a staffmarket peo.



how it works:
based on your company’s requirements, we will


identify the top peo companies that operate in your area and have the services, employee benefits and health insurance you expect.
get quotes from professional employer organization companies that can accept your type of business and worker's compensation risk.
put participating peos on notice that your business is being competitively bid.


we assist with the development of your request for proposals (rfp) for peo services and our simple 5 step process captures the services and benefits that are most important to your company. we match your needs with the offerings of all of the hundreds of professional employer organization companies that participate at staffmarket. only the professional employer organization companies who offer the services and employee benefits you require are invited to prepare a proposal for your company. information on how to contact you is only provided to the peo with your explicit approval. when proposals are ready (available on-line at our web site), our team of industry experts can help you evaluate your proposals and provide counseling about your options.




how to select a peo at staffmarket


what's the advantage?




price
a competitive bidding process ensures the best price.




time savings
peos know what you expect. you will eliminate time spent on sales calls from professional employer organization companies who can't deliver what you want.




nationwide access
staffmarket has profiled the services and benefits capabilities of peo s nationwide that want your business.




referrals
staffmarket provides you with randomly selected referrals that you can use to evaluate peo satisfaction.




access to industry experts
the principals at staffmarket have years of experience in the peo industry and are current on all of the major industry subjects and customer concerns. let us help you find the best relationship for your company.






what's the cost?
the staffmarket rfp service is free to all customers - all fees are paid by participating peos

let's get going!

register for peo quotes


we have worked hard to make this process as simple as possible. your rfp should take around 10 minutes to "kick-off". if you have any questions about the staffmarket service or about your request for proposal, please call.

we'll help you find the right peo!


hundreds of options, but which is right for your company? let's find out.






tweet




877-882-7225


review quotes - login


register for quotes















learn about peos


explorepeo options


news & articles


tools


whowe are



menu









                     
                

basics

what is a peo?
core services offered by peos
why peos are in demand
what companies use a peo
before and after using a peo
don't want to use a peo - get busy!
employer costs
q&a
co-employment
contractor vs. employee
why offer benefits
reducing ui and suta costs



peo types and options

types of peos
classic peo / co-employment
peo with carve-outs
peo / aso
pay as you go work comp
certified peo

peo employee benefits

employee benefits
health insurance
fsa plans
401k plans
hsa plans



understanding peo pricing

peo pricing
peo pricing types
peo pass through costs
work comp
suta
payroll and hr services
health insurance and employee benefits

extras

legislative impacts
upcoming changes for employers
media discussions
visualize a peo






 

peo buyers guide

introduction to peos
basic peo services
kinds of peo clients
things to consider
what to expect



peo directory by state
how to select a peo
peo evaluations
peo proposal evaluations
insurance carriers by state
my peo was sold - now what!

let staffmarket help

 




 

article index
recent articles

ftc rule banning non-compete agreements held unenforceable
businesses face challenges with classifying employees correctly
advantages of peos for business owners
overtime pay rule changes for employers
how peos help small businesses and their employees 



categories

uncategorized
employment law
regulatory compliance

authors

brett james
chris dodson
staffmarket
jim hamilton




search news & articles





search



tags

peo
aca
obamacare
ppaca
napeo






 

short list wizard
employers state suta resources
suta rate increase and turnover calculator
social security tax calculator
state income tax withholding
states workers' compensation rules
naics & sic code lookup and conversions
workers` compensation glossary


state specific rules & resources for peos

peo licensing
workers` compensation
suta
minimum wage
payroll

industry index


 



 
 
 

our team
customer comments & reviews
q&a
our concept
our promise
privacy policy
register a peo at staffmarket








find the best professional employer organization for your company...
taking care of your employees is fundamental to business success. find the best solutions for your company at staffmarket.











serving all 50 usa states from our national headquarters office:

staffmarket services, llc
431 12th street west, suite 202
bradenton, florida 34205 (get map)


phone: 877-882-7225 | fax: 877-471-5608
office hours are 9:00am to 5:00pm est
send e-mail to: staffmarket information



staffmarket social
                







copyright 2025 staffmarket services. all rights reserved.
staffmarket and staffmarket.com are registered trademarks of staffmarket services, llc.
patent pending










