     rochester cadillac dealer in rochester ny | pittsford henrietta cadillac dealership new york                             
                                          valley cadillac              sales 585-505-6772    service 585-563-9206  parts 585-295-7965      3100 winton rd srochester, ny 14623            service        map        contact                          valley cadillac                       call 585-505-6772   directions                 new   buy online   shop new   model research   schedule test drive   value your trade   digital brochures   2025 optiq   2025 cadillac escalade iq     pre-owned   shop all pre-owned   shop certified pre-owned   value your trade     service & parts   schedule service   service & parts specials   order parts   tire basics   parts warranty   collision/body shop   cadillac premium pick up and delivery   cadillac recalls   cadillac accessories   order parts online   cadillac accessories   order parts online   parts warranty     specials   new specials   gm discounts     finance   request financing   lease vs buy   finance faq   finance     about us   our dealership   hours & directions   career technician   onstar assistance	                      new   buy online   shop new   model research   schedule test drive   value your trade   digital brochures   2025 optiq   2025 cadillac escalade iq     pre-owned   shop all pre-owned   shop certified pre-owned   value your trade     service & parts   schedule service   service & parts specials   order parts   tire basics   parts warranty   collision/body shop   cadillac premium pick up and delivery   cadillac recalls   cadillac accessories   order parts online   cadillac accessories   order parts online   parts warranty     specials   new specials   gm discounts     finance   request financing   lease vs buy   finance faq   finance     about us   our dealership   hours & directions   career technician   onstar assistance	               


      important information          important information                            important information          important information          important information          important information                            important information          important information          important information          important information                                              important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information                                                                            


inventory search

    shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search              minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         




     search new inventory     search used inventory        




certified
pre-owned
explore our impressive selection of pre-owned cars, crossovers and suvs in rochester.






get
financing 
valley cadillac is your trusted cadillac dealer. visit us today and see for yourself.






service
specials
the expert team at valley cadillac is committed to caring for your vehicle for as long as you own it.






purchase
online
contact valley cadillac or stop by our showroom to experience all that we have to offer.




¿hablas español? ningún problema
tenemos un representante de ventas que habla español disponible para atenderle.
aprende más

         explore the cadillac lineup  see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.       ct4      ct5      xt4      xt5      xt6      escalade      escalade iq      lyriq      optiq      v-series    explore all new inventory   
     



2025 escalade
exciting, bold, iconic—move through the world in a vehicle befitting your status. in motion and at rest, escalade demands attention with exceptional physicality and magnificent design. witness as luxury transforms into legendary.
explore inventory








2025 escalade
exciting, bold, iconic—move through the world in a vehicle befitting your status. in motion and at rest, escalade demands attention with exceptional physicality and magnificent design. witness as luxury transforms into legendary.
explore inventory




      
       






certified cadillac service and parts
henrietta and pittsford area drivers love our dealership because we feature a certified cadillac service center, completed with skilled technicians and state-of-the-art equipment. we treat the requirements of each individual customer with paramount concern. your preferred dealer in rochester, valley cadillac also has a large inventory of authentic car parts, and accessories for customizing your vehicle. from routine maintenance to serious repairs, you can trust our service department and body shop to keep your car running at its peak. call us at (585) 563-9206 with any questions or to schedule a service appointment today. 









valley cadillac is your local certified pre-owned cadillac dealer, and we offer a world-class team of brand specialists, a full-service repair and maintenance department, and a huge inventory of certified pre-owned cadillac vehicles for you to choose from. if you're shopping for high-quality and competitively-priced used cars in rochester, valley cadillac is your destination. at valley cadillac we work to maintain an extensive selection of quality used cars, trucks and suvs to bring you the best selection that fits with your budget. to us, your shopping experience is an opportunity for us to meet your needs and make you a customer for life. so we’ll do everything in our power to meet and exceed all of your expectations. that starts right here on our website and goes straight through to every member of our team. 





rochester cadillac dealership for the pittsford & henrietta areas 
we offer a large selection of new cadillac cars, reliable certified pre-owned cadillacs, used cars from all types of automakers, and a desire to help you find the best vehicle for you. additionally, we sell fleet and commercial vehicles to meet your company’s automotive needs.
of course, while many drivers here in rochester, ny are looking for the most up-to-date cadillac models, many others are simply looking for great savings on their next car. fortunately, that's something we're well-equipped to provide here at valley cadillac with our vast and varied selection of used cars for sale here in rochester, ny.
whether you're interested in a quality pre-owned vehicle from our inventory of rochester used cars, or would like to test drive one of cadillac's latest models, we will cater to your every need. 


your cadillac service experts in rochester, ny
look no further than valley cadillac for the best auto service in the rochester area. our highly trained, factory-certified technicians will always make sure that your vehicle is repaired in accordance with the highest manufacturer standards. you name it, we can easily repair it all at our rochester service center. as a matter of fact, our clients come from pittsford and henrietta, thanks to our professional and trustworthy staff. to ensure durability and a precise fit we use genuine cadillac parts to repair your automobile. at valley cadillac we understand that you're not just concerned about performance and great looks, but with the overall care of your vehicle. check out our service specials, schedule your service appointment online, then stop by our rochester dealership for service. our cadillac-certified team has years of experience with car repair and maintenance and will treat your vehicle like it's their own. 








shop used cars for sale in rochester
searching for a used car for sale in rochester that doesn't go over your budget and needs is way simpler when you visit valley cadillac. we have a huge inventory of used sedans for sale in rochester, ny, beginning with our used cadillac line-up. our car dealership also has a great variety of used cars for less than $10,000 for sale in rochester which means you can find a vehicle at valley cadillac that fits into your budget. trading in your used car at valley cadillac will make it even easier for you, we'll offer you a fair price for your used car to help you save even more on your purchase at valley cadillac. give us a call at (585) 505-6772 or come on in today! 
shop used



     



rochester cadillac dealer for henrietta, pittsford, brighton and fairport, ny shoppers

valley cadillac is your premier cadillac dealer in rochester, ny. we offer the largest selection of new vehicles in western ny and have the most competitive specials on new cadillac, courtesy transportation cars and suvs. we carry every model including the: ct4, ct5, xt4, xt5, xt6, lyriq, escalade and the escalade esv. our certified sales staff knows all the tips and tricks when it comes to cadillac technology and will assist you in all aspects of the purchasing process. please call us (585) 507-4206 or schedule a test drive today and visit our state-of-the-art dealership at 3100 s winton rd rochester, ny 14623. our goal is to create the best purchasing experience you have ever had. we'll continue to build on that great experience as you come back to valley cadillac to service your vehicle. we look forward to serving you as the #1 new cadillac dealer in rochester, ny. 
more about us







sales hours
    monday 9:00am - 6:00pm    tuesday 9:00am - 6:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 6:00pm    friday 9:00am - 6:00pm     saturday 9:00am - 5:00pm    sunday closed    
visit us


3100 winton rd s, rochester, ny 14623


hours & directions






     



test-drive the new cadillac xt5 in rochester 
drive in style with the new cadillac escalade 
view the new 2024 cadillac escalade esv in rochester
purchase or lease the new cadillac xt6 in rochester
make heads turn on the road with the new cadillac ct5










test-drive the new cadillac xt5 in rochester 
the new cadillac xt5 is on sale at our rochester dealership. our most popular suv is back with a new, stronger base engine and a bold exterior. it has a sculpted design and a refined interior crafted using premium materials. there are 3 available trim levels so you can choose the package that suits your lifestyle. auto enthusiasts select this mid-size crossover not only because it is exciting to drive but also includes a suite of technologically advanced safety features. we have an extensive inventory of the new cadillac xt5 for our rochester customers. give us a call at (585) 505-6772 to schedule a test drive in the new cadillac xt5 at our rochester dealership.
search cadillac xt5

 






drive in style with the new cadillac escalade 
the cadillac escalade is a full-size suv that mixes top-quality performance and a sophisticated style. it comes standard with a 420hp v8 engine, in addition to a precise 10-speed automatic transmission for the smoothest gear changes and optional all-wheel drive for tough driving conditions. a hands-free liftgate makes storage simple and adaptive remote start with keyless access lets you stow things and enter the vehicle effortlessly. with space for seven passengers, folding third-row seats for additional storage, it is an ideal vehicle for road trips. a suite of safety features like a rear camera mirror and side blind zone alert will help prevent collisions as you drive. explore our inventory of new cadillac escalade models in rochester and opt for the model you are looking for. call us at (585) 505-6772 about purchasing or leasing the cadillac escalade from our rochester dealership. 
search cadillac escalade









view the new 2024 cadillac escalade esv in rochester
make the most of our selection of new cadillac vehicles. if you’re looking for a suv in rochester, ny, valley cadillac is where you need to be. we bring to you the incredible cadillac escalade esv, a complete solution to all your driving requirements. with room for up to eight, and tons of bling, the cadillac escalade esv is luxuriously stunning. inquire more about this breathtaking vehicle at valley cadillac. just fill out an inquiry form on our website, and our specialists will get in touch with you. drop by our dealership and test-drive one today.
search cadillac escalade esv









purchase or lease the new cadillac xt6 in rochester 
the cadillac xt6 is a medium-sized, 3-row suv that is easy to drive and park. it is family-friendly and great for everyday commuting. with a unique look, it features a 310-hp 3.6-liter v-6 engine so you have all the power you need. you can select from a range of trims. either trim can be ordered with an even more upscale platinum package. if you are looking for a specific model, explore our selection of new cadillac xt6 models in rochester. you will find a model of your choice. contact us online by submitting a simple form or call us at (585) 505-6772 for more information on purchasing or leasing a cadillac xt6 from our store in rochester.
search cadillac xt6









make heads turn on the road with the new cadillac ct5 
valley cadillac offers the new cadillac ct5 in rochester. this sedan is cadillac’s most up-to-date midsized performance sedan that is one of the boldest cadillacs yet. its style is both classy and stunning highlighting capabilities like signature lighting and carefully crafted aerodynamics. built with standard rear-wheel drive or optional all-wheel drive, this sedan provides an exceptional driving experience. a 2.0l turbocharged motor and 10-speed transmission guarantee exciting performance and seamless shifting. if this sedan is what you are looking for, explore our new cadillac ct5 inventory in rochester. visit our dealership or contact us today to schedule a test drive or for more information on the new cadillac ct5 from our rochester dealership.
search cadillac ct5






     your local rochester cadillac dealership team
if you choose to give valley cadillac a chance to earn your business, you will continue to benefit from the stellar customer service our team of experts offers after you drive away in your new cadillac vehicle.


why buy in rochester at a dealership near you?
choosing a nearby dealership like valley cadillac saves time and effort throughout the years that follow your purchase. whenever your vehicle needs certified service or auto repair, we'll be here. if you need new cadillac leasing or used car financing assistance, our local rochester team of experts will be right here on 3100 winton rd s whenever you need us.
our product experts are here to help you explore the features of your new or used cadillac. whether you're learning about its capabilities or selecting genuine parts and accessories, we're ready to assist you.


local dealerships like valley cadillac support local communities
local dealerships support many important causes and events around rochester, pittsford, henrietta, and western ny. our team lives nearby and works in rochester, so we care about this community. we aim for complete customer satisfaction and strive hard to achieve it.
thank you for visiting our website! let us know how the team at valley cadillac can assist you.


    






inventory







new inventory


used inventory


special offers


schedule test drive








services







apply for financing


extended warranty


schedule service


order parts








more info







dealership info


contact us


meet our staff


careers






follow us






                  copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | valley cadillac | 3100 winton rd s, rochester, ny 14623 | sales: 585-505-6772              

















                       