




home - alliance of the american dental association













































×
member login









forgot password?








+
homemember centermember centermember loginjoin today!renew your duesmember directorymember benefitsstudent spousesexpense reimbursement formeventseventssmilecon & aadaconference & hotelconference & hotelschedule of eventsregister for conferencehead 2 toe projectaward and grant programsprogramsprogramshealthy smiles from the startfoundation for dental health educationlessons in a lunch boxaward and grant programsaward recipientswell-beingwell-beingada resources and supportaddiction & supporthearing & audiologysurviving spousesleep & sleeping disorderskey publicationaada & adpacaboutaboutleadershipleadershipleadership interestpast presidentsamerican dental associationcontact aada




				(813) 540-2154			





facebook 



instagram 



twitter 



info@allianceada.org















member centermember centermember loginjoin today!renew your duesmember directorymember benefitsstudent spousesexpense reimbursement formeventseventssmilecon & aadaconference & hotelconference & hotelschedule of eventsregister for conferencehead 2 toe projectaward and grant programsprogramsprogramshealthy smiles from the startfoundation for dental health educationlessons in a lunch boxaward and grant programsaward recipientswell-beingwell-beingada resources and supportaddiction & supporthearing & audiologysurviving spousesleep & sleeping disorderskey publicationaada & adpacaboutaboutleadershipleadershipleadership interestpast presidentsamerican dental associationcontact aada 


sign in

mobile menu 











register today!well-being starts with you! learn more today!two voices stand as one voice uniteddental spouses are encouraged to support!order your healthy smiles from the start kit today!


conferenceaada at smileconjoin the alliancecontact the alliancewelcome to the alliance of the american dental association (aada)!what is the alliance?the alliance is a partner organization to the american dental association. the alliance provides community oral health education, supports the well-being of the dental family, and engages in legislative advocacy for the welfare of the public and the dental profession. the alliance is women and men of all ages and life stages, connecting together because we make a difference for our spouses and partners, our communities, and the cause of dentistry.why should i join the alliance?the alliance is the only organization that works for, supports, and cares about dentistry and the dental family as a whole. two voices in dentistry are better than one! the alliance provides great opportunities to give back to the profession that provides so much to the dental family. supporting your spouse in the dental profession = success.who joins the alliance?simple: if you are a spouse or partner of an ada member dentist or dental student, you can join the alliance! ada members and asda members are also invited to join!aada's mission: volunteers supporting the american dental association, their families and the health of the public.sponsors



great west financialada insurance








	        		p.o. box 1982
brandon, fl. 33509	        	

© 2025 alliance of the american dental association.website powered by memberleap.






