








home - perspectives usa






























































































































skip to content







 








 





 







sign in

 









$0.00 



									cart								

















 






mobilizing 



god's people 





for 



god's 





global purpose 






find a class










 

















mobilizing 



god's people 





for 



god's global purpose 







find a class

















				what is perspectives?			

				what is perspectives?			

				what is perspectives?			








 









what is perspectives? 











                    perspectives is a discipleship course                


                        perspectives is an awe-inspiring comprehensive study course that is rooted in the scriptures. it’s a multi-faceted learning experience that has profoundly impacted over 250,000 alumni.                    
















                    perspectives is an organization                


                        perspectives usa is the governing organization that oversees and facilitates the perspectives course in the united states.                    
















                    perspectives is a movement                


                        perspectives is a global movement that is awakening the body of christ to pursue the fulfillment of god’s global purpose within every people group for his glory.                    












 













why take the

perspectives course?






god has a unique role for each christian in his global purpose of evangelizing the nations.perspectives isn’t a course solely about world missions. it’s a study program rooted in scripture, clarifying each believer’s remarkable opportunity to join god in his global purpose.  



you have an integral role to play in god’s plan.  



god delights when his people respond to his invitation to be a blessing to all peoples of the earth. 








ready to take the next step? 





attendcomprehendengage  

 



attend the class 











perspectives enables you to better understand god and his global purpose. will you explore this opportunity to discover all he has for you? explore the map below to find a class near you! 



 






don't see something close to you? 











reach out to your regional director to let them know you’re interested. or consider registering for an online class! we offer an online and asynchronous class monthly.   






find a class









 






 



comprehend god's global purpose 











the course examines the story of god’s global purpose from four vantage points or “perspectives”. 





1 



course 





4 



sections 





15 



lessons 







biblical section 



the biblical section follows three interrelated thematic trajectories through the bible: god’s blessing, glory, and kingdom. tracking these themes enables us to see a coherent story that encompasses all the stories of the bible. 





historical section 



the historical section shows the continuity of god’s purpose from biblical times until the present day. this section is not merely recounting representative events of mission history. it presents a theology of history. 







cultural section 



the cultural section enables students to understand the complexity and feasibility of the gospel being conveyed well by cross-cultural messengers to bring about culturally appropriate christ-following movements. this section helps students to understand how two things can flourish in their cultural context: the message and the messengers. 





strategic section 



the strategic section shows how the task of bringing about christ-following movements in every people can actually be accomplished. the possibilities and complex issues of seeing vibrant church movements flourish in every people are analyzed and show how church movements bring forth god’s promise of transformational blessing among all peoples.  





 



engage the world christian movement 











perspectives will challenge your view of god – and yourself. when students comprehend the remarkable opportunity god offers us, they understand the value and benefit of being a world christian. the stunning privilege god grants his followers creates a passion to engage in the world christian movement.  







 












						perspectives covers a wide range of information vital to any christian desiring to follow god and worship him in their life - whether locally or globally.  it is a class that focuses on the glory of god and his name and renown reaching the nations of the world. 					


student testimonialbillings, mt // spring '22 















 












						i have taken the perspectives course numerous times. i have heard numerous instructors and have taken the class with different people. i have been pre-going as a missionary taking the course. and now i have taken it returning home from the mission field. each time, you read more, you learn more, and you gain more perspective. thankfully, perspectives has been a thread on my tapestry for which i will never be the same. 					


student testimonialcary, nc // fall '22 











 












 




the body of christ awakened to pursue the fulfillment of god’s global purpose within every people for his glory. 



 
















 





more info 



 




god's purpose








join our team








regional directors





 






 
3579 e foothill blvd, suite #788, pasadena, ca 91107









copyright © perspectives usa 2024. all rights reserved.​ perspectives on the world christian movement ® 



    
















menu




about

god’s purpose
who we are
our staff
join our team
contact us


classes

find a class
course overview


alumni

become an instructor
coordinating perspectives
find a workshop















50th anniversary












donate








 
















 









 






 days hours minutes seconds 







 






register now!







 











 







register now!












 






 days hours minutes seconds 









 
































































