





statewide title, inc. of north carolina * real property title insurance





























 
 
 
 












no recent alerts









 
skilled title professionals since 1984

welcome to statewidetitle.com, a secure and free service that allows real property attorneys to submit preliminary title opinions and related documents as simply as filling out a preliminary title opinion.
                                                you then can easily control how and where your title insurance products are sent and conveniently pull up all of your existing files.
                                                
here, you can:

	create, edit, and submit opinions and receive completed commitments and policies online.
	upload and attach exhibits and other documents to your orders.
	comprehensively track your orders including direct access to who is working on your file.
	upload and download in softpro (pfd) format.
	search your statewide title orders or request we check our database.
	send requests for changes, endorsements and file documentation.
	check for back title/prior policies.
	access our underwriting experts.
	browse and download from our comprehensive collection of forms.
	256 bit ssl security so you know your information is safe.


call (800) 821-5414 to get started.








statewide title, inc. is an authorized issuing agent for...

  
                                  
								

confirm us with alta








buy at amazon


nc state bar authorized practice advisory opinion 2002-1
the drafting of legal instruments, such as a deed or deed of trust, which convey an interest in real property is 
the practice of law in north carolina (n.c.g.s. section 84-2.1). statewide title, inc. personnel do not draft such legal instruments, 
have not and will not aid and abet the unauthorized practice of law.










home
alta best practices
trid
register of deeds
calculator
forms
priors
commercial
newsletters
what is title insurance?
news
your ?'s
about us
contact us
history
rates
ratings
our creed
en español
privacy


resources


1031 exchanges
document imaging
alta conduct
liens nc











statewide title, inc. is a member of alta®, the nclta and the fea.













login

username


password



remember me















 




	     
	


























        proudly serving north carolina real property attorneys - statewide
        title complies with north carolina law in requiring an opinion of title from an
        independent licensed attorney. we do not have any controlled or directed
        business. we believe there should be a choice. we want to earn your
        business every day. thank you for choosing statewide title!

relevant statutes:   
				58-7-15(18)   
				84-2.1   
				58-26-1   
				84-4   
				84-8 nc state bar advisory opinion on closings alta mortgage 
				impairment resource page

			copyright 1999-2025 statewide title incorporated.  all rights reserved. - view our privacy policy








