





sisters of st. basil























































 



 skip to content









facebooktwitter 

 










  


search for:








homeabout usour life of prayerpatron saintsthe byzantine catholic archeparchy of pittsburghvocationsbecoming a sisterbasilian associatesbecoming a basilian associateministrieshouse of prayerolph shrine – virtual tourmount macrina manormount st. macrina cemetery and mausoleumreligious gift shopcard departmentgreeting cardsenrollmentshand painted thank you cards created by  sr. seraphim olsafsky, osbmour lady of perpetual help prayer leagueeventshouse of prayerannual pilgrimage in honor of our lady of perpetual helppilgrimage programsafe environment documentspilgrimage dvdcamping, hotels & motelsnews & reflectionsin touchmt. macrina alumnaeacademy alumnae newsdonationsmake a donationperpetual and annual enrollmentsplanned giving 









search for:





















home









homeadmin2021-09-13t17:48:57+00:00

we, the sisters of st. basil the great of our lady of perpetual help province, participate in the life of the father, son, and holy spirit and rejoice in spreading the message of the kingdom.
an actively apostolic community, we vow chastity, poverty and obedience witnessing the truth that god is with us.
we are a unit of the sisters of the order of st. basil the great who serve in 13 countries.  visit www.basiliansisters.org for further information.
ministriesministries
more info
eventsevents
view calendar
donationsdonations
donate now
prayer requestsprayer requests
make a request
latest news

merry christmas!why does christmas resonate with so many people, even non-christians?  [...]


happy thanksgiving“it is good to give thanks to the lord, to [...]


a pilgrimage thank youglory to jesus christ! dear friends, sixty years ago, julie [...]


pilgrimage 2024 reunion by sr. elaine kisinko, osbmreunions are quite common: family reunions, high school class reunions, [...]


sister theodosia alishofski enters into eternal lifeless than two short months after celebrating her diamond jubilee [...]
12next








 
 













 
 
 





		sisters of the order of st. basil the great
500 west main street; uniontown, pa 15401
copyright 2012 - 2019 | all rights reserved 


facebooktwitter
 
 
 
 


 
 



page load link









































































































go to top




