


villing & company - marketing, pr, website development



































 villing & company











home
our peoplejay matternjeff middaughdiane doynepeggy halfacrelori headleyellen imburadam kizersara fizerour expertisefinancial serviceshealthcare providersprofessional servicesour workbranding & campaignstelevision & videowebsites & mobile appsprint & collateraloutdoor & p.o.p.pr, social media & eventsour case studiesour viewsour storycontact us 



we aresolution-addicted specialists
villing & company is a team of talented specialists addicted to providing uncommon marketing communications solutions that enhance our clients' brands and drive success.




we deliverpurposeful. integrated. creative.
creativity is a powerful differentiator. creativity based on sound strategy is a results generator. that's our purpose. and our passion.
read our story


we playto our strengths
with our in-depth experience and expertise in these and many other  industry categories, we are uniquely positioned to provide relevant  solutions to many potential marketers.

financial serviceshealthcare providersprofessional servicesadditional markets 





we harnessthe power of the medium

branding & campaignstelevision & videowebsites & mobile appsprint & collateraloutdoor & p.o.p.pr, social media & events 
view our work


we providemarketing intelligence
we believe you are entitled to our opinions on matters relevant to contemporary marketers and we are pleased to share them with you.
brand loyalty: creating lasting customer connectionsceo jay mattern shares how to create brand loyalty—and why it’s important.read morethe four steps of a successful marketing processbreaking down the marketing process into four distinct stages will allow businesses to create a systematic framework for achieving their goals and continually improving their marketing efforts.read moresales and marketing: can’t we all just get along?with the introduction of new online and digital marketing tools, the friction between these two has only intensified. read more
 
villing & co here to serve you130 s main st, suite 315south bend in 46601574.277.0215get directions

   contact us
all fields are required.    © 2025 villing & company 		| all rights reserved | privacy policy  member of 

