











 
 
    





industrial supply partner | #1 leading distributor for industrial pvf







































resources
find a location
shop now
 


skip to content










about us

about us overview
expertise
quality assurance

flow control quality assurance
quality assurance for sanitary products


sustainability
workplace safety

emergency preparedness
safety products
safety resources




capabilities

capabilities overview
national distribution
flow control solutions

technical expertise
site services
repair services
machining
training


specialty fabrication

pipe lining fabrication
hdpe fabrication & fusion services
sanitary fabrication
gasket fabrication


project management

turnarounds and shutdowns
capital project services
national account management
vendor managed inventory
national quotations


integrated supply

procurement services
inventory management
software solutions




products

products overview
flow control products

manual valves
automated valves
control valves
instrumentation
fluid sealing & rotating equipment
flow control suppliers


pvf products

pipe
fittings
flanges
gaskets
industrial fasteners
steam specialties


sanitary process products

sanitary fittings
sanitary tubing
sanitary gaskets
sanitary valves
sanitary instrumentation
process pumps
process components
tank components
washdown stations
sanitary suppliers


hdpe products

hdpe fittings
dual containment
hdpe docks and floating structures
fish pens
manholes and vaults


mro products
hf alky products
plastic lined products
safety products

industrial work platforms


industrial supply vendors


industries

industries overview
engineering procurement & construction
aerospace & defense
chemical
food & beverage
institutions & education
manufacturing
marine & shipbuilding
medical & biopharmaceutical manufacturing
metals & minerals
oil, gas & refining
power generation & utilities
pulp & paper
nuclear


contact us
automated valve configurator
 







search


















 















 
your industrial supply partner 
ferguson industrial is a leading industrial supply chain service provider of pvf, mro and specialized services, focused on helping customers solve challenges through quality people, quality products and quality processes. our technical expertise, national footprint and extensive inventory help to reduce lead times, minimize downtime and increase productivity.

start a project
 














×





try our automated valve configurator 
 save time and money with our easy-to-use tool for designing automated valve packages. then, simply download your customized cad files, specifications, and installation manuals.
at ferguson industrial, we work to simplify and streamline your mro and project needs. that’s why we’ve implemented a free online automated valve configurator that you can use on your schedule. with cad and specification documents at your fingertips, you can keep your facility running at peak performance.

try it now
 


 



 









try our automated valve configurator 
 save time and money with our easy-to-use tool for designing automated valve packages. then, simply download your customized cad files, specifications, and installation manuals.
at ferguson industrial, we work to simplify and streamline your mro and project needs. that’s why we’ve implemented a free online automated valve configurator that you can use on your schedule. with cad and specification documents at your fingertips, you can keep your facility running at peak performance.

try it now
 


 








capabilities 
as your industrial supply partner, we help you minimize operational downtime through in-house project management and contracting services that are designed to meet the needs of industrial customers.



learn more about our high-quality products and capabilities.

contact us

 





specialty fabricationour expertly trained technicians and integrated service providers are here to assist in all facets of industrial sanitary fabrication solutions.flow control solutionsautomated valves increase efficiency and operator safety. speak with our expert flow control specialists to learn more about our capabilities.national distribution150+ locations coast to coast and an experienced team to bring solutions and quickly deliver the products you need.integrated supplyferguson integrated supply generates savings and value through expert sourcing, improved processes, and increased uptime. project managementour expert associates provide customized project management services for inventory management, major projects and turnarounds.mro productsferguson industrial is your complete source for industrial mro inventory and safety products. 

 






find a location near you
our strategic network of ferguson industrial locations throughout the united states allows us to offer technical solutions and extensive inventory to better serve you with increased speed and dependability.









all capabilties
hdpe fabrication
pipes, valves & fittings
pipe lining
supply chain services
valve automation



search












engineering, procurement & construction 
reduce overall costs and shorten lead times for large-scale capital projects with comprehensive sourcing and attentive project management from ferguson industrial.

epc solutions
 

 






 


industrial products 
we offer industrial products from leading vendors and are dedicated to meeting customer requirements while minimizing risks and costly delays. our customers trust us because of the peace of mind we provide through our strict safety standards.

view products
 







industries served 
professionals across the industrial market depend on us for our industry-leading inventory of pvf and mro products and services backed by expert support.

industrial markets
 

 






 


quality assurance 
our quality program is the greatest value we provide our customers as a trusted supplier. we are dedicated to the safe operation of the industries we serve, knowing that the products we supply are critical to the safe operation of their facilities.

about us
 






start your project today 

send us a message









 


sign up to receive email about products, events, updates & more.


sign up

















need additional support? 
contact us at: info@ferguson.com
for immediate assistance, find the closest sales expert near you.
hours of operation: monday – friday 7a.m. – 5p.m. est



customer case studies
careers
resources
  







    copyright © 2025 ferguson enterprises, llc. all rights reserved.
terms of site use
accessibility statement
privacy policy & security
cookie policy
do not sell or share my personal information
ca privacy rights
  


 
















 

