


welcome to my homepage





welcome to my homepage

albums de alabanzas y adoración 
letras de las canciones
contact
blog
my photos
about
custom 4

create your site.





in this first paragraph, i should introduce myself, my business, my club, or my reason for building a web site. i can use the subheadings below to give detailed introductions, or i can just summarize the introduction here. i could also give visitors tips for navigating my site--what's located under each button, for example.


listing site updates


under one of these subheadings, it's a good idea to list recent updates to my site so that visitors, especially return visitors, can check out the new stuff first. for example, i could list the date and a brief description of the update.  i could also list updated news about my site's topic. for example, if my site were about a particular sport, i could discuss the outcome of a recent competition.







notifying visitors of site enhancements


another idea for my home page's text is notifying visitors about the enhancements i put on my site. for example, i want visitors to sign my guestbook or fill out my survey form e-mailer to answer questions about my site, my business, or my site's topic.




customizing and personalizing my site


i might not want a large amount of text on my home page if i want to guide visitors toward my other pages. instead of text, i can add photos or interesting links. one of the first things i would want to do is choose a template that reflects what my site is all about. colors and themes are a great way to reinforce the message and purpose of my site.


email@emailaddress.com


behind the scenes of my home page


even if i don't put much text on my home page, it's a good idea to include hidden tools that will help me promote my site, so people other than my friends and family actually see it. for example, i could add meta tags, which are hidden codes that allow search engines to find my site. i could also install stats and a counter so i know how many people are visiting. if not many are visiting, submitting my site to search engines will guide more traffic to my site.


email@emailaddress.com


















