

deep run farm labrador rerievers





























      if you decide you want one of our puppies, please fill out puppy adoption questionnaire so that we can help you select a puppy to suit your lifestyle. that is the first step in getting a deep run puppy.








about us
puppies
boarding


breeding
trained dogs
health care services
deeprun dog kudos


norwich terriersnew litter- pup is available now
humility
ask us



help wanted at deep run farm





see feedbackfrom our satisfied customers(goes back to august, 1999!)

ready now!





see laila - an english girl.

the latest on canine influenza











great weekend for deep run team


"i wanted to update you on one of the deep run team that is here in north alabama.  grhrch x 2 windy creek should’ve been a cowboy mh mnh (toby) just earned his second hrc grand title in st charles mo, this is coming off his achieving his master national hunter title in kevil ky in september."  (read more at customer feedback.


deep run calculated risk (cal) won the derby on 0ctober 4 at the old dominion field trial.
in three derbies, cal has won a third, a fourth and a first and qualified for the derby national.

cedarview searching for blue "reacher"
derby 1st

deep run stingray mh (now) qaa
"ray"





see nature photos taken at deep run farm




like us on facebook!




see our article about collar conditioning for the gundog in gundogs unlimited










purinathere is a new formula that looks even better for deep run puppies, 
purina proplan development for large breeds.
this is an improved formula, so if you can get this food, feel free to switch to this food. 
you can feed the same amount of this that you have been feeding of the puppy food.
feel free to call me if you have any questions.










deep run farm
13727 blackwells mill road
goldvein, va 22720
(540) 752-4710/4888     fax (540) 752-4775
deeprunfarm@gmail.com
see a map to our location






updated february 11, 2025





