




 

benny and sons auto body repair | 
















































































 

 (815) 962-5000 fax: 815-965-6873
 we've put the pieces back together since 1931
 





home
about

faqs


body repair

oem – the higher standard
repair status


mobile service

rental cars


estimates
resources

your safety
your rights ——————>

ill. consumer bill of rights


consumer news
informative videos
helpful links


faq
location
 
 













 
						collision repair that you can trust!					
 
						we're proud to be recognized as the leader in consumer safety and trust!					
 
						just like new!					
 
						benny & sons exclusive mobile claims service... we come to you!					






body repair it does make a difference who repairs your collision damaged vehicle...
... and let me tell you why. when you need collision repairs, the safety of you and your family all depends on the choices you make. make the safest choice.. call benny & sons!rockford's leader in consumer safety & trust everyday since 1931.
read more
 









don’t be steered, make the safest choice and choose benny & sons for all your repairs.



 



1st things 1st do you know what to ask the body shop before they begin the work, so you can be sure you'll receive the kind of collision repairs that preserves your vehicle's value, factory warranty, and protects you and your family's safety? read more
safe repairscheap or careless collision repairs can cause the failure of your vehicle's safety restraint system… a system carefully designed to help save your life at the time you need it most... the moment of impact in an accident. make the safest choice for you and your family. read more
your rightsdo you know what your rights are in illinois when you deal with your insurance company? in the guide to the consumer bill of rights for motorists in the state of illinois, you'll find important things to know when having your vehicle repaired. read more

services & information:


auto body repair
mobile services
rental cars available
free estimates
resources
location
faq


 
owner's statementnothing gives me more personal satisfaction than educating and empowering consumers. this website does both. it also provides a 24/7 status of your repair. 
remember, in an accident, there is no rehearsal. there is no second chance. so make the safest choice...and make it your choice.
sincerely,
mike ognibene, owner
benny & sons body shop
rockford's leader in consumer safety and trust, everyday since 1931.
 
introduction
our shop is ready to assist you in any of your needs.  we will work with you to minimize your inconvenience and maximize your satisfaction. if you have any other questions, please call, and thank you for choosing benny & sons collision centers, inc. for your repairs.
 
















navigation

home
body repair
estimates
mobile service
contact us
 


 benny & sons
411 s. winnebago street
rockford, il 61102
ph: (815) 962-5000
fax: (815) 962-6873
 

search our site




 

social networks 




- facebook





- twitter





- rss




 




benny and sons auto body repair
© 2018.
privacy policy

 
 







 



















