










lehighton borough - carbon county, pennsylvania












































translate


×

















 1 constitution avenue | p.o. box 29 | lehighton, pa 18235     610-377-4002     mon-fri 8:30am-4:30pm




 follow us

















search












departments
general info
i want to

contact lehighton borough
download a form
make a payment
view calendar
view council minutes
view code of ordinances













































contact





general info





departments





council minutes





forms & docs





calendar





payments





news













lehighton news




lehigh canal trail



after 7+ months of being closed for construction, the d&l trail fully reopend to the public on saturday september 28th.  we encourage all trail goers to resume using the trail and observe the (2) new concrete spillways that have been constructed in place of the old wooden structures that were once there. for more information, please visit the lehigh canal park friends of the trail facebook page.





mayor ryan saunders



with the passing of our devoted mayor clark ritter, lehighton borough council voted to appoint councilman ryan saunders to the office of mayor for the remainder of the current term.
    
saunders was sworn into office on friday, november 8th in council chambers.
    
saunders has been a voice on borough council for almost a decade, as well as an active member of this community, serving on both the lehigh canal commission and the lehighton downtown initiative.
   
until his appointment as mayor, saunders held an active seat on lehighton's civil service commission and the borough's police, fire, and safety committee. 
saunders has been working diligently with our new chief of police and will continue that work to ensure our police department is providing the best possible service to this community.
   
with the transfer of offices, lehighton borough now has vacancies on borough council and the civil service commission. letters of interest for both positions will be accepted beginning immediately.
   
council will be meeting on november 18 at 6:30 pm to discuss the vacancies. please present any letters of interest to the office of the borough secretary or by email to secretary@lehightonborough.org




follow us!



you can follow lehighton borough on facebook at https://www.facebook.com/lehightonborough/





snow removal



public works is responsible for maintaining the streets and borough properties during snow storms. please be patient with the crews and staff during major snow events.  

during major events, please follow our social media and pay attention to the information provided in the automated calls from the borough.















upcoming events / meetings





view full calendar 









welcome to the borough of lehighton


lehighton, nestled along the banks of the lehigh river, boasts a rich history dating back to its origins as the moravian mission of "gnadenhuetten" in 1746. tragically, this settlement met its demise in the gnadenhutten massacre of 1755.  by 1794, the land that would become lehighton was owned by jacob weiss and william henry. they meticulously laid out streets, alleys, and a central square, birthing the village of lehighton. 

officially incorporated as a borough in 1866, lehighton swiftly rose as a powerhouse during the industrial revolution. fueled by the abundant water power of the lehigh river and the emergence of the lehigh valley railroad, lehighton rapidly transformed into a center of commerce and innovation. amidst the town's bustling streets, the air resonated with the hum of machinery from silk and lace mills, as well as the activities of businesses like the lehigh stove works, obert's packing house, and the central carriage work. these enterprises weren't solely driven by profit; rather, they played a pivotal role in shaping lehighton's economy and solidifying its reputation as a hub for progress and industry. 
feel free to browse our website or contact us if you should have any questions.












general info | departments | calendar | forms & docs | payments | news | contact | disclaimer

 1 constitution avenue | p.o. box 29 | lehighton, pa 18235 |  610-377-4002


















© 2025 lehighton borough 




site design | na studios






















 








