





kulture kids | creating original, interactive arts programs and performances that inspire community, cultural awareness, and lifelong learning.








































kulture kids
creating original, interactive arts programs and performances that inspire community, cultural awareness, and lifelong learning.
 kulture kids — a non-profit 501 (c)(3) organization — po box 181425 — cleveland heights, oh 44118 — (216) 302-4829 — schedule@kulturekids.org

home








home
about us

staff
board
our artists have included…


programs for kids/families

bullying: performances
native america: performances
global tales:  performances
science:  performances
social studies & literature:  performances
workshops


programs for adults

professional development
performances for adults
speaking / keynote / workshop


touring programs
kidshakes
media

videos
photos
news articles
press kit
articles


interactive

games
recipes
crafts
oral tradition
true stories
didja know? global facts


clients & funders
join our mailing list
original books by pnc grow up great & rickoff school
yoga for every body!
coming soon
a pleasant garden



subscribe to the rss feed

 donate now


kudos for kulture kidsit was very interesting to learn about all the different kinds of acting skills.kirk, a studentthe last fugitive slave performance showed the emotional distress and physical consequences of the slavery institution; robin incorporated students into her performance, directly having them see the importance of the teaching of history and culture by means of the theatrical arts.arts partnershiprobin pease was the keynote speaker, a constructive  and inspiring addition to the festival....she really held the attention and interest of the entire auditorium.  teachers came away with a better understanding of how to enhance storytelling with dramatic arts principles, and use stories from diverse cultural backgrounds to create activities that address learning standards.settlement music school, philadelphia pa  it surprised me are how fast they got us to write a song and then got people to actually sing along and interact with everything.  julia, a studentshe has a seemingly magical ability to reach a young audience, draw them in, and keep them engaged...from fidgety four-year olds to skeptical fourteen-year olds, and she captivated and entertained as she educated.sarah ehlinger dover massachusettsthank you.  i especially will be using the side-by-side comparison of the great law of peace and the constitution.  and my students enjoy learning about the native american symbolism present on u. s. currency.hugh m. cummings high school, burlington, ncthe kids watching and participating in her performance didn’t need to be told twice to listen; they
were riveted by pease’s performance.kara friend, charleston, wvabeing that many of our students from japan, korea, taiwan, france, russia and turkey have limited verbal and listening skills, the visual part of the program created a captive audience.cinnie wappel, new hope, pathe message was right on target - every student was engaged.grace adams, kendall nyrobin is a unique and creative artist whose leadership has helped countless students and teachers.  her experience has been invaluable and her high expectations have helped our staff in attaining not only our artistic goals but also our academic goals.andrew koonce, principal cleveland school of the artsi especially enjoyed how the whole class got to create!matt, a studentwhen i had to go up and say my part, i thought i would be nervous.  when i get nervous, my voice gets deep and it didn’t get deep.  i wasn’t nervous and i was surprised they didn’t make me nervous.  i was comfortable.  they probably made me conquer my fear on getting nervous in front of people.  jordan, a studentthe story was creative and highly interactive.judy carr newtown, pai really enjoyed your presentation and had a lot of fun performing.  i think you're really cool!jacob, a studenti learned plenty!miranda, a student 





kulture kids
creating original, interactive arts programs and performances that inspire community, cultural awareness and lifelong learning.
 

since its inception in 1999, kulture kids has been a leading provider of arts programs for schools, arts organizations, communities and businesses.
keeping in mind that “culture*” is more than merely the arts and humanities of people around the world, kulture kids aims to encompass the social behavior and norms found in human societies, as well as knowledge, beliefs, arts, laws, customs, capabilities and habits through the arts and education.*
thus kk uses innovative, participatory, educational performances, workshops, residencies, teacher professional development, seminars, diversity training, and motivational speaking to support arts integration and e pluribus unum: out of many, one.
kulture kids is dedicated to celebrating and sharing the stories, art, history and traditions of cultures from all over the world with children, their families and the community through storytelling, dance, theatre, music, literary, media and visual art. 
bringing arts and education to you! 
an arts education non-profit 501(c)(3)
*culture: wikipedia




 © 2025 kulture kids — 

    a non-profit 501 (c)(3) organization — all rights reserved 

    po box 181425 — cleveland heights, oh 44118 — (216) 302-4829 — schedule@kulturekids.org 











