 neopets | legendary virtual pet game



                    gamesplay neopetsfaerie fragmentstales of dacardiaworld of neopetsmerchandisemerch shopmerch partnersnewsmedia coveragenews and updatesthe neopian timesaboutour teamcommunity ambassador programfan art programabout neopetsabout neopassexplore neopiapartner with us...follow us on     get updates0days0hours0minutes0secondsbrace yourselves, neopians, for a storm unlike any other is brewing on the horizon and a mysterious rift has ripped the skies open! what secrets will you uncover?
                                  play now
                                download now and earn rewards worth up to 25 million np!learn morenow available on the app store and google play



                                  learn more
                                
                                  buy now
                                         
latest events    
immerse yourself in the enchanting world of neopia with our latest
            events and thrilling activities, ensuring you never miss a moment of
            the neopian fun!
                      
top news    
stay informed and up-to-date with our latest news, bringing you
                the latest updates, announcements, and stories that matter.
      see more              
friends and foes    
welcome to a world of heroes, villains, and everything in between…
     all faeries heroes villains            fyora                 fyora quite possibly the oldest and most benevolent resident of neopia, queen fyora has been the ruler of faerieland for as long as anyone can remember (it's probably best not to ask just how long that is). as queen and leader of the faeries, she has guided and protected the denizens of faerieland and neopia from the numerous external threats both have faced throughout their existence. though fyora normally has a policy of tolerance toward dark faeries, she has been forced to confront her archenemy, the darkest faerie, whom she imprisoned in the ruins of maraqua one thousand years ago. nowadays, in addition to governing faerieland, the faerie queen also runs the hidden tower, a shop full of powerful magical artefacts. if you are very lucky, fyora may pass by and give you a quest. though the quests are never easy, the rewards are well worth it…               nyx                 nyx at a young age, nyx became a pilot for virtupets delivery co. to help make a better life for her and her brother, ozzy. there, she met her co-pilot, superior, and friend, juni, the faelie petpet. one day on a routine run, their ship was pulled apart as they were sucked into a strange place called the void. they both almost fell to a mysterious beast whose touch seemed to send a malevolent essence coursing through their bodies. juni used the last of his strength to create a device to save nyx, but at the cost of his own health. luckily for them both, a portal appeared that returned them to neopia. however, nyx discovered that her time in the void gave her strange new abilities, and worst of all, ozzy was missing. with this newfound power, she teams up with juni, baelia, tavi, and luxinia to find her brother and possibly save the world?               dr. sloth                 dr. sloth nothing incites fear in the hearts of neopians more than the name dr. frank sloth. this evil mastermind descended into the primordial darkness of neopia thousands of years ago, relishing its toxic atmosphere and barren landscape. nobody really knows how this mad scientist arrived (some say a spaceship!), or why he decided to call neopia his home, but sloth revelled in his new surroundings. he spent the years conducting vile experiments in his underground lair, trying to create creatures–maybe to assemble an army, or maybe because he was lonely. however, his brooding was interrupted when a sudden beam of powerful light from the sky breathed new life into the planet, causing him to flee to his underground lab in fear. thus began his lifelong quest to conquer neopia and terrify its denizens. gifted with a brilliant mind, he devoted his time to the creation of unimaginable horrors, from cruelly mutating random creatures to engineering weapons of mass destruction. despite facing repeated setbacks—particularly that time when he was imprisoned inside the space faerie’s magical token—dr. sloth somehow manages to constantly escape and remains undaunted, always seeking new ways to spoil all that is good within neopia.               baelia                 baelia baelia is a grey faerie whose wings were stolen by an evil faerie named jennumara, who entrapped her in a cage high up on a mountain. this evil faerie would taunt her day after day. eventually, the poor grey faerie forgot what kindness and comfort felt like. she had given up hope of being saved until one day, a red kyrii named tavi arrived and freed her from her prison! ever since that fateful encounter, baelia and tavi have been the best of friends and have been working hard to learn baelia's true name in order to get her wings back. however, she still holds onto jennumara's taunts and struggles to find hope for her future. yet, tavi still stands by her side and helps her see a light at the end of the tunnel. now, they are on a mission alongside nyx, juni, and luxinia to learn more about the mysterious grey affliction that has set upon neopia!               vira                 vira vira was a pretty and vain acara, spending her days playing in the flowers, kissing them with glee, and making daisy chains to braid into her long hair. one day, she wished to be the most beautiful acara in the world, but the wrong ears heard her wish and instead transformed her into what she looks like now. ever since, vira has wandered those same fields, kissing the flowers but making them poisonous to the touch. to spite the world, she creates magic mirrors that do not show reality but instead, an ugly, twisted version of it. she now seems to be working for a mysterious figure with an eye for destruction, and has been spotted alongside a strange grey yurble...               tavi                 tavi tavi is a professional mountain climber who one day stumbled upon a grey faerie who had been put in a cage high at the top of a mountain. a magical lock kept the faerie from speaking her name and would not open unless its riddle was solved. luckily, tavi was able to quickly outwit the lock, setting free the grey faerie and learning that her name was baelia! since this fateful encounter, tavi and baelia have been the best of friends and have been working hard to learn baelia's true name to get her wings back. even though they have been unsuccessful for many years now, tavi remains optimistic and often tries to get baelia out and about to cheer her up. now, they are on a mission alongside nyx, juni, and luxinia to learn more about the mysterious grey affliction that has set upon neopia!               illusen                 illusen far away from the troubles that plague the faerie world, illusen, the earth faerie, enjoys the quiet refuge of her home in meridell. she spends the day tending her gardens and offering quests to the neopets who come to visit her. although the items she asks for tend to become more difficult to acquire with each successful quest, she rewards her most diligent helpers with an amazing assortment of prizes. as meridell's resident faerie guardian, illusen fought to protect the magical kingdom against the darigan invasion, but even her magic wasn't enough to withstand the power of darigan's orb. she makes her residence in a secret glade that can only be found by those who know its name. no one knows why illusen came to meridell, although a few have their suspicions. some say she left voluntarily, tired of the squabbling politics of the faerie queen's court. others say the dark faeries forced her from faerieland (led by jhudora, of course). since taking up residence in meridell, she's created a network of spies and devotees willing to help her cause. under the glade is a cavern filled with trinkets and treasures, but as to why she's collecting them... even the wisest scholars can only guess.               altador                 altador in the extensive records of neopian history, few names shine as brightly as that of king altador, founder of the kingdom bearing his name. born into a city plagued by corruption and malice, altador witnessed his people suffer from depraved leaders driven by greed. yearning for a better life, the young lupe fled into the wild, where he honed his skills as a hunter and archer to perfection. through this harsh existence, altador realised his true calling: a land where justice, fairness, and prosperity were the cornerstones of society. with this vision in mind, he set out to create a new kingdom, where everyone could thrive and prosper together. altador established the fabled council of the twelve heroes of altador, exceptional individuals renowned for their unparalleled might and bravery, to assist in governing the kingdom. unfortunately, one of the original founders, the darkest faerie, defied this purpose and betrayed the other founders, but was ultimately vanquished. one thousand years later, altador aided two unsuspecting neopians, tormund and roberta, in stopping the darkest faerie once more. guided by jerdana, the wise and powerful sorceress, the king remains a champion of his people, ever vigilant in his quest to forge a better world for his beloved kingdom.               grey painter                 grey painter not much is know about him besides his ties to vira and his ability to paint anything he wants in a strange, magical grey paint that can not be removed...               mira                 mira deep in the infinite expanse of space exists a cosmic guardian possessing incredible powers of mental telepathy. her name is mira, yet to those who know her best, she is the legendary space faerie who protects neopia from above. many tales have been told of her heroism, but perhaps none were as famous as the time she saved neopia from the clutches of dr. sloth. the evil genius had engineered a powerful mutation ray that could transform neopians into his personal army of mutant minions. mira immediately infiltrated sloth's space station and turned his own weapon against him. despite her powerful nature, the space faerie is not invincible. she could feel the pain of every neopet in danger. however, this clairvoyant compassion is what makes her such a reliable protector, bestowing upon her the insight and wisdom to respond to emergencies and uphold justice throughout the neopian universe.               xandra                 xandra as a young sorceress studying under the faeries, xandra developed her magical skills... and a jaded view of the faeries' influence on neopia. the disillusioned xandra decided to recreate neopia to match her own vision. attempting to make a world for neopets ruled by a neopet (her, of course), xandra used the magic she'd learnt from the faeries against them, turning them all to stone. unfortunately, this curse had consequences that not even xandra could've imagined: without the faeries' power holding neopia together, dark creatures emerged and preyed upon the very neopets that xandra hoped to empower. in the end, xandra was thwarted by hanso and turned to stone with her own magic. her petrified figure is now in the care of queen fyora, who still hopes to rehabilitate her most promising pupil.               juni                 juni juni is a faellie petpet who works as an engineer, pilot, and all-around genius who has designed and built more machines than most neopet engineers could dream of. while working at the virtupets delivery co., he met nyx, and they quickly became best friends. even though his ranking was superior to hers, he still requested to be her co-pilot so they could hang out often. unfortunately, one day on a routine run, their ship was somehow pulled apart as they were sucked into a strange place called the void. they almost fell to a mysterious, gigantic beast whose touch seemed to send a malevolent essence coursing through their bodies. using the last of his strength, juni used scraps from their destroyed ship to create a device to save his best friend. soon after, a portal appeared before them, and they were able to return to neopia. with the help of dr. landlebrot, juni was saved but still altered by the void! now he is travelling with nyx, baelia, tavi, and luxinia to help nyx find her brother and possibly save the world?               the darkest faerie                 the darkest faerie not always a villain, the darkest faerie first came to the attention of king altador when she saved his life. having never witnessed such compassion from a dark faerie before, altador was impressed enough to invite her to join him in his noble mission and serve as a founder of altador. eventually, however, her sinister nature surfaced, and in her desire to become ruler supreme, the darkest faerie betrayed the kingdom. not satisfied with simply overthrowing the empire, the betrayer's thirst for power led her to use forbidden magic to completely rewrite the history of altador, making herself both the sole founder and queen! she was ultimately banished by fyora, but returned one thousand years later. luckily, with the help of jerdana the sorceress, she was foiled yet again by two unwitting heroes, tormund and roberta, who entrapped her in a stone form, which was placed in fyora’s care within faerieland. alas, the statue of the darkest faerie vanished amidst the chaos when faerieland fell from the sky after xandra's assault. in the wraith resurgence, reizo stumbled upon the statue and unknowingly unshackled the evil within, unleashing the darkest faerie once more. free again, she hatched yet another malevolent scheme, utilising portions of jerdana's orb to forge a ring capable of transforming neopets into ghastly wraith-like abominations. consumed by vengeance, she one more confronted queen fyora, only to discover that the ring had backfired and was draining her life force. in a desperate last effort, the darkest faerie unleashed a cloud of poisonous gas but was ultimately thwarted by kaia, fleeing from her defeat into the shadows. where she currently resides, nobody knows…               jhudora                 jhudora jhudora is a dark faerie who is wise to the downfall of others among her kind, and therefore hides behind a veil of moderate evil. with the full knowledge that fyora watches her closely, jhudora must be cunning and cautious, so that certain "mishaps" in neopia are never associated with her. in an attempt to convince her faerie sisters that she is a contributing member of faerie society, jhudora offers quests to those that are brave enough to visit her. some neopets have reported seeing jhudora in the dark of night as she chants over a cauldron of bubbling green liquid. no neopet, however, has ever dared ask her about it, and most likely, none ever will. neopets who ask too many questions about jhudora tend to... disappear. it's rumoured that only one faerie has ever witnessed jhudora performing a true act of evil – something so foul and terrible that it would cause her sisters to immediately fall upon her. that faerie, it is rumoured, is illusen. though the gentle earth faerie cannot prove it, it is believed jhudora's rage towards her is because she is the only one that knows.               luxinia                 luxinia luxinia is a light faerie who was discovered frozen in a mysterious crystal on a small surviving part of faerieland in the sky. she has forgotten almost everything about her past, but she puts her best foot forward despite that. with the help of many new friends, she's trying to create a new faerieland up in the sky. while trying to collect the fragments of her past life, she discovered she possessed a unique power! with this power, she can interact with the memories of whatever she touches as long as there is a strong emotion connected to it. due to this extraordinary power, queen fyora has requested she come down from new faerieland to assist nyx, juni, tavi, and baelia with their mission to look into all the strange occurrences around neopia.          explore neopia           
timeline    
take a glimpse into our journey with a captivating timeline showcasing
          our milestones and achievements, from humble beginnings to exciting
          future endeavors.
                 1999  launch of neopets.comoriginally founded by two college students, neopets would eventually define the virtual pet game genre and rapidly exploded in popularity.      2002                  2002  champions of meridell is released, introducing neopians to lisha, jeran, and a whole cast of other characters while setting the standard of what a neopets plot could look like.     1999     2004                  2004  hannah, kanrik, and armin defeat the nefarious bringer of night in hannah and the ice caves.     2002     2005                  2005  neopia is saved by tormund and roberta in the darkest faerie, released on ps2.     2004     2006                  2006  the legendary city of altador is restored to its full glory with king altador taking his rightful place on the throne.     2005     2008                  2008  the return of doctor sloth premiers. neopia’s archenemy is defeated by being trapped within the space faerie’s token.     2006     2010                  2010  kari, the negg faerie kicks off the very first festival of neggs event.     2008     2013                  2013  an earthquake rattles tyrannia, setting off the war for the obelisk.     2010     2015                  2015  everyone’s favourite daily slot game, trudy’s surprise, makes its neopets debut.     2013     2017                  2017  the darkest faerie is released from her prison of stone in the wraith resurgence plot.     2015     2019                  2019  neopets celebrates its 20th anniversary!     2017     2024                  2024  nyx and juni join a group of heroes who have been assembled to stop the grey painter and his fellow evil conspirators in the void within plot.     2019     2024 jun                  2024 june  the land of dacardia is destroyed by a storm, and it's up to the town planner and new friend, lania cragg, to fix it in the spin-off game neopets: tales of dacardia.     2024     2024 oct                  2024 october  help luxinia the light faerie find her way as you play a multitude of fun and colourful match3 puzzles while constructing your own customised abode in neopets: faerie fragments!     2024 jun     2024 nov                  2024 november  neopets celebrates its 25th anniversary!     2024 oct            1999launch of neopets.comoriginally founded by two college students, neopets would eventually define the virtual pet game genre and rapidly exploded in popularity.20022002champions of meridell is released, introducing neopians to lisha, jeran, and a whole cast of other characters while setting the standard of what a neopets plot could look like.199920042004hannah, kanrik, and armin defeat the nefarious bringer of night in hannah and the ice caves.200220052005neopia is saved by tormund and roberta in the darkest faerie, released on ps2.200420062006the legendary city of altador is restored to its full glory with king altador taking his rightful place on the throne.200520082008the return of doctor sloth premiers. neopia’s archenemy is defeated by being trapped within the space faerie’s token.200620102010kari, the negg faerie kicks off the very first festival of neggs event.200820132013an earthquake rattles tyrannia, setting off the war for the obelisk.201020152015everyone’s favourite daily slot game, trudy’s surprise, makes its neopets debut.201320172017the darkest faerie is released from her prison of stone in the wraith resurgence plot.201520192019neopets celebrates its 20th anniversary!201720242024nyx and juni join a group of heroes who have been assembled to stop the grey painter and his fellow evil conspirators in the void within plot.20192024 jun2024 junethe land of dacardia is destroyed by a storm, and it's up to the town planner and new friend, lania cragg, to fix it in the spin-off game neopets: tales of dacardia.20242024 oct2024 octoberhelp luxinia the light faerie find her way as you play a multitude of fun and colourful match3 puzzles while constructing your own customised abode in neopets: faerie fragments!2024 jun2024 nov2024 novemberneopets celebrates its 25th anniversary!2024 oct              
merch    
explore our neopets-inspired merch line, featuring a delightful range
          of products that capture the magic of the virtual world and show off
          your neopets love with our exclusive designs.
      25th anniversary edition pins $13.99 usd      neopets keychain plush $9.95 usd      neopets neohoods $33.95 usd      upper deck battledome tcg $19.99 usd     see more                                follow us on     games   neopets   world of neopets   faerie fragments   tales of dacardia     about us   our team   
community ambassador
   about neopets   about neopass   explore neopia   partner with us     others   news and updates   media coverage   fan art program   merchandise     follow us on        © 1999-2024 neopets. all rights reserved.
    support   contact us   terms of use   cookies & privacy policy         