



atkinson congregational church - welcome to our community







































livestream

home

visitors

ministries


music


children


virtual church school




adult


sermons





about us


who we are


what we believe


open and affirming


our team


volunteer opportunities


online giving


stewardship


scholarship


events



services


easter


archived services


baptism


weddings


funerals


blue christmas service



blog

contact us
 





















welcome to our church

welcome to our church

we're glad you came!

at atkinson congregational church,our passion is to serve those in need,provide inclusive safe-space,and inspire through worship, music, andgrowing faith.

at atkinson congregational church, our passion is to serve those in need, provide inclusive safe-space, and inspire through worship, music, and growing faith.







worship your way


































































features











































































































































































service times

sunday morning service - 10:00am

more info







our location

101 main st.atkinson, nh 03811ph. 603.362.5519

more info







our mission

"our mission is to spread the gospel of jesus christ and the love of god under the authority and guidance of the holy spirit."

more info


















find us

























make a donation





a message from our pastor





"welcome to our site! i hope you will make yourself at home and do a little exploring. we are a church that is inviting and warm, that shares the good news, and always has room for one more. whether you are new to the area and looking for a church home, have been away from church for some time, have never been, or even if you've been hurt by some form of religion in the past, i think you will find we are a place of comfort, respite, and hope. you are invited and welcome to join us for worship on sunday mornings - all are welcome and included with no pressure, no judgement, just warm hospitality. questions or comments? i'd love to hear from you. simply click here to be in touch. i look forward to connecting with you!"

pastor jim thomas

our ministries

working toward a better world.









a



adult ministry

we want you to grow in christian faith. our adult ministry provides programs to bring us closer together with one another and with god.

more info







c



children's ministry

faith formation and christian education programs are engaging and inspiring at atkinson congregational church. we hope you will be joining us!

more info







m



music ministry

our music ministry strives to enhance worship, fellowship and outreach through various music programs.

more info







p



prayer ministry

our prayer ministry offers opportunities to embraces the work of the holy spirit and grow in faith.

sign up for weekly prayer

weekly newsletter

get news from atkinson congregational church delivered right to your inbox.
























atkinson congregational church at atkinson congregational church,our passion is to serve those in need, provide inclusive safe-space, and inspire through worship, music, and growing faith. our goal is to make your experience a great one!our









  101 main st., atkinson, nh 03811  office hours: mon-thurs 9am-3pm  office@atkinsoncc.org  call us: (603) 362-5519

atkinson congregational church 2024 - privacy policy 













this website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. 

 






