






 
haunted vegas tour & ghost hunt – explore sin city's ghostly secrets



























































skip to content






haunted vegas tour & ghost hunt
explore sin city's ghostly secrets
 
questions & booking call:(866) 218-4935
 


home buy tickets videos reviews faqs contact us 




 
home buy tickets videos reviews faqs contact us 










voted america’s #1 ghost hunt!





discover the spooky secrets of sin city as you explore haunted buildings and the former hangouts of deceased celebrities on this 3-hour las vegas ghost tour. ride along with your guide as you visit the one-time haunting grounds of famous vegas regulars like elvis, michael jackson and liberace, and explore several other hair-raising locations including the ‘demon swing’. this haunted vegas tour also includes the use of ghost-hunting equipment.






explore sin city’s ghostly secrets!





put a little fright in your night!
hear real accounts of local paranormal activity while visiting locations of known ghost sightings and haunts.
your evening begins with a pizza party inside the tuscany casino where your guide will supply you with ghost hunting equipment including emf meters, temperature guns, and dowsing rods. whether you are a seasoned ghost hunter or a novice, your tour guide will instruct you in their proper use. this tour is not a theatrical show, you will hear true accounts of both hauntings and the history of las vegas’ supernatural side.
upon boarding our shuttle, your ghostly adventure begins with a brief video about paranormal activities. then you will be transported to a mysterious part of a famous casino where a celebrity apparition is known to roam. the evening is filled with multiple stops including 2 infamous parks known for their ghostly sightings, we explore various locations and conduct evp sessions.
the tour visits many legendary locations including the haunting grounds of bugsy siegel, liberace, and redd foxx. hear stories about elvis presley, frank sinatra and michael jackson who allegedly appear regularly and learn who haunts “the motel of death”.
join us on your next trip to sin city and put a little fright in your night while experiencing the spooky, haunted, mysterious and fascinating side of las vegas.














contact us 4225 w teco ave
las vegas, nv 89118
(866) 218-4935

follow us  

 








					all copy, pictures and videos on www.hauntedvegastours.com © 2017 vegas specialty tours llc.
                








go to top




















































