







 















































































































orlando bonsai





































orlando bonsai
the purpose of this site is to share and enjoy the art, history and horticulture of bonsai and to provide current bonsai news and information.


about orlando bonsai
faqs
travels
philosophy
climate
orlandobonsaitv
contact us












subscribe via rssbonsai topics
select category
bald cypress
bald cypress bunjin
black pine
blue alps juniper
bonsai nurseries
bonsai soil
bougainvillea
buttonwood
chinese elm
club events
collected pond cypress
collection highlights
crepe myrtle
crossostephium sinesis
daiza
dwarf
emperor bonsai
fertilizer
ficus
ficus “too little”
ficus clump style
ficus nerafolia
fukien tea
gardenia
how to
irrigation
ligustrum
neea buxifolia
photography
podocarpus
portulacara
pot selection
press release
ramblings
repotting
root over rock ficus
shohin black pine
shohin ficus nerafolia
simpson’s stopper
slab planting
small trident maple
style and refine
tokonoma
tool bag
tool care
treating jins & shari
trident maple
uncategorized
weeping bald cypress
wiring techniques
wrightia religiosa
zen garden


our sponsors





bonsai links

bonsai eejit – n. ireland
bonsai societies of florida
central florida bonsai club
orlando bonsai facebook
orlando bonsai store
orlandobonsaitv
paul pikel photography
russells air plants




official wallpaper






orlando bonsai web site is temporarily down
author: sandy racinski
• sunday, september 19th, 2021


 

 
 we are working to bring orlando bonsai store back online soon!
 we appreciate your patience during this process.
 we will help you with your needs and take orders over the phone, 407-801-9675.
 thank you! and as always, enjoy bonsai and life!
 sandy@orlandobonsai.com, 407-801-9675




share on facebook 
category: ramblings
comments off





bonsai in spring – the best and worst
author: sandy racinski
• monday, april 09th, 2018


best of all, winter is over! yay! no more winter protection …..? unless of course your spring hasn’t sprung yet. spring in florida means spring temps are heading northward soon. i know because most of the snowbirds just left or will soon. if you are south of the equator then all bets are off but your day will come. all four seasons have their moments of beauty and, well, a few not so good days.
in florida, spring is my favorite time of year. the excitement of seeing deciduous trees leaf out is always a thrill. if you haven’t experienced it, you might not fully appreciate it. just like if you have never experienced throwing your own slab of clay on a potter’s wheel, you might not fully appreciate potters work. speaking of that, it is a time of year to start getting your hands dirty (or your gloves). but first, just feel the joy of bonsai as you see all the fresh beautiful shades of green as everything starts growing, especially after you begin your fertilizer regime again. that’s the best!
the birds are singing and all manner of creatures are out and about including bugs. bad people-biting and bonsai-eating bugs are the worst! i planted some flowers last week after dark (don’t ask) and had to grab the bug spray but too late as i had already been bitten numerous times. i like to use organic, natural things when possible but some things can’t be tolerated like ‘no-see-ums’ and mosquitoes. inspect each bonsai for bugs and decide /ask / research how you want to treat whatever you find. there are natural ways of treating too, as well as other methods. bugs like aphids, thrips, scale and mites are bad. lady bugs are good (they eat aphids). even spiders can be helpful; they eat other insects (i.e. ants, etc). know your bugs. county extension centers are very helpful with insect and plant classification, soil analyzing and more. all for free! consult your local bonsai experts if you have specific bonsai questions or just to chat bonsai.
then get your hands dirty as it’s time for repotting many trees, or styling, pruning, wiring, defoliating, trunk cleaning, etc. consider orlando bonsai for your new tools, wire, pots, and more. we love to help people find out how much tools help their bonsai journey. wire cutters from a box store just aren’t the same. my dad taught me to use the right tool for the right job and that definitely holds true in bonsai. if you didn’t receive concave cutters at christmas, do yourself a favor and buy yourself a birthday gift. clean cuts are important but that’s a lesson for another day.
do the right things now with the right tools during the best of spring and your bonsai will be thanking you all year long. enjoy bonsai.
… a few words of encouragement from …
sandy r
orlando bonsai
sandy@orlandobonsai.com

 
 
 




share on facebook 
category: ramblings
					 | tags: bonsai, bugs, concave cutters, dirty hands, green, growth, orlando bonsai, pots, repotting, spring, time, tools comments off





is bonsai inside you?
author: sandy racinski
• wednesday, august 05th, 2015


have you ever heard anyone say they have been bitten by the bonsai bug? it’s funny how you hear a common expression and don’t think twice about it until one day you stop and wonder how it started. of course, the idiom really means someone who is enthusiastic (or possibly even about to become obsessive) about something (like a hobby). but it makes me think of someone swatting a bug as if it’s something they must kill or stop. and i don’t want to stop creating bonsai, i want to learn more every day. hobbies have come and gone but bonsai has continued in my life. i have wondered exactly why that is. not all questions have been answered but i really appreciate this short film, american shokunin, which was chosen to be displayed in national geographic’s short film series with ryan neil of bonsai mirai. it makes you really think about bonsai in a different way.
to quote ryan neil, “i think once you start practicing bonsai and bonsai gets inside you, you’ll never look at trees the same again.” another quote in this video from the artisan’s cup, “a master is somebody who every single day tries to pursue perfection at their chosen endeavor.”
here is a direct link to the video above: https://vimeo.com/119134995
congratulations to all the artists that were accepted to participate in  the artisan’s cup. especially i want to congratulate paul pikel and other florida artists: louise leister, mike lebanik, and michael feduccia who will be displaying their beautiful bonsai in portland. (if i left anyone out, please forgive). the full list can be found on the artisan’s cup web site, as well as, a lot more information about the event. by the way, joshua roth is one of the sponsors of the artisan’s cup.
some of you may recognize paul’s name from his bonsai teaching videos on this web site. people often tell me they are really thankful that the videos are here. that tells me people want to learn more about bonsai. although paul no longer owns or runs orlandobonsai.com, you will always find any new videos he creates here as well as on orlandobonsaitv which is his youtube site. paul and i joined the central florida bonsai club around the same time and remain in close contact so your comments do get communicated.
so whether you have been bitten by the bonsai bug, are an avid enthusiast, a newbie, or hoping to become a master, we hope our web site is informative and helpful in your bonsai journey.
enjoy bonsai and life.
sandy racinski, orlando bonsai
(as always, if you have a question or are looking for a particular tool, pot, tree or stand, please ask even if you don’t see it on the store. if we don’t have it, we may be able to find it for you).




share on facebook 
category: ramblings
					 | tags: bonsai bug, joshua roth, orlando, orlando bonsai, orlandobonsaitv, paul pikel, trees one comment





bsf bonsai convention – may 21-25, 2015
author: sandy racinski
• wednesday, may 20th, 2015


bonsai societies of florida will hold “bonsai by design”, their 42nd annual convention on may 21-25, 2015 at the florida hotel & conference center at the florida mall, 8001 s orange blossom trail, orlando fl 32809. it is orlando’s largest retail shopping mall and close to orlando international airport. registration begins thursday evening from 7 until 9 pm.
bonsai by design features well known artists david degroot & guy guidry. it will be an exciting weekend of demonstrations, workshops, vendors, specimen exhibit trees, raffles, scholarship competition, club night, auctions and camaraderie. for a complete itinerary and more, go to www.bonsai-bsf.com.
orlando bonsai will be a vendor there selling tools, pots, accessories, display stands, trees and more. come meet sandy, orlando bonsai’s owner, in person if you haven’t already. ask for your special show discount. former owner, paul pikel will also be there teaching a bonsai photography workshop. maybe you can stop by and ask him what the subject of his next bonsai video will be.
enjoy bonsai and life.
sandy




share on facebook 
category: club events, ramblings
					 | tags: 2015, bonsai, bonsai clubs, bonsai exhibit, bsf, convention, david degroot, demonstrations, display stands, exhibit, florida, florida hotel, florida mall, guy guidry, joshua roth, may 2015, may 21 - 25, orlando, orlando bonsai, pots, raffles, sandy, stands, supplies, trees, vendor, workshops comments off




« previous entries







        © 2025 - orlando bonsai.






