








automotive fine art - artist michael irvine























































































sign in



your account









search











 

categories

art—moparsart—fordsart—gmsby seriessignature collectionarchive collection







cart
0
item
items


(empty)






							no items
						



																			free shipping!
																	

									shipping
								


$0.00
total





									check out
								













                    item successfully added to your shopping cart
				






quantity



total








						there are 0 items in your cart.
					


						there is 1 item in your cart.
					



						total items
											





						total shipping 					

													free shipping!
											



						total
											






                            continue shopping
						



							proceed to checkout
						





 

 







 






© michael irvine — automotive fine art





prove it! car art by automotive artist michael irvine
dodge vs plymouth painting
















watercolor paintings
originals | hand-drawn | hand-paintedmore







customized canvases
hand-retouched | personalized | one-of-a-kind more







unique artist proofs
with remarque | custom | done-to-order more










latest releaseslimited availability*












new!











                                    $170.00                                



available                                        




"f-body loves 'em"
"f-body loves 'em"



“in my opinion, and i don't think i'm alone in this, 1979 brought us great music, great movies, and great fashion! lol. it also offered up one last chance to order the pontiac 400 w72 with a 4spd combo or the chevy 350, before they were dropped from the option list the following year. since then, these cars have become sought after by collectors. the...
“in my opinion, and i don't think i'm...



more



























                                    $160.00                                



available                                        




"big blocks behind the barn"
"big blocks behind the barn"



“we've all heard the stories about that low mileage, well preserved muscle car found in a barn. what if instead of just looking inside the barn, you ventured beyond it, to make the ultimate find. not just one ... but an entire collection of high performance vintage iron. sure the paint may be a little faded, or a new set of tires needed, but overall the...
“we've all heard the stories about...



more
























                                    $800.00                                



available                                        




"always room for one more"
"always room for one more"



“i wanted to create a tribute to all the car enthusiasts of the past that were compelled by the need for speed, to preserve and maintain these pieces of american history and for abiding by the car lovers unwritten motto, ‘there’s always room for one more!’"- michael irvine
“i wanted to create a tribute to all...



more
























                                    $1,000.00                                



available                                        




"they came with the farm free"
"they came with the farm free"



“when i painted they came with the farm in 2006, i had no idea that it was just the beginning! i began thinking of a second one that would place the viewer elsewhere on the farm, but decided to try something i’d never seen before, an actual continuation. as if that wasn’t challenging enough, i decided to do it again! aside from matching the scene, the...
“when i painted they came with the...



more
























                                    $480.00                                



available                                        




"the ultimate ford barn-find trilogy"
"the ultimate ford barn-find trilogy"



michael's ford barn-find trilogy is the ultimate blue oval collector's dream set! it is a numbers matching set of three individual automotive fine art paintings that together create one amazing scene:
"blue bloods behind the barn"
"blue blocks behind the barn"
"big blocks behind the barn"
michael's ford barn-find trilogy is...



more
























                                    $1,700.00                                



available                                        




"grand touring"
"grand touring"



“with grand touring i wanted to take the idea of the reflections one step further. in showing the under carriage i hope to give credit to all those car owners that spend so much time restoring and detailing the part of the car which is rarely ever seen. one of the greatest compliments i have received came at the all ford nationals. i met someone who had...
“with grand touring i wanted to take...



more













~

"i strive to constantly challenge myself
and create paintings that i can be 
proud to stand in front of. 
i want to draw the viewer into the story 
and take them on a journey of discovery 
as they explore one of my paintings."
— artist michael irvine

~
[ automotive fine art including classic and muscle car art at michael irvine's online gallery of original watercolor paintings, prints and canvases. ]
michael irvine is one of north america's premier automotive artists, capturing vintage and modern muscle and sports cars in hand drawn, hand painted, high impact, vibrant watercolor. incredibly detailed, powerful, imaginative and creative, the surrealism of michael's work brings to life scenes that draw us in and unfold to tell a story. his diverse automotive fine art portfolio is perfect for the home, office, den, man cave and garage. original paintings, limited edition prints and giclées, artist proofs with custom remarque and gallery edition canvases are available.










the art





		art—mopars
	



		art—fords
	



		art—gms
	



		by series
	



		muscle car landscapes
	



		now and then series
	



		reflections of mopower
	



		reflections of horsepower
	



		american blacktop series
	



		building horsepower
	



		icons of industry
	



		racing legends
	



		movie muscle
	



		on the track
	



		above them all
	



		individual paintings
	



		in the heartland
	





		paintings listed by name
	



		signature collection
	



		archive collection
	



		still life
	



		cottage life
	





		* limited availability
	



 




information



						galleries
					



							free shipping worldwide
						



							canadian orders
						



							to our clients
						



							ordering off-line
						



							layaway plan
						



							about framing your art
						


		.
	


			all images and content copyright © 2021 michael irvine studios inc. — copyright/terms of use






about the artist
our reproductions
write us. call us. email us.



                    michael irvine fine art — 
                    	                        	, p.o. box 20091
st. catharines, ontario
l2m 7w7
                                    	


                    call linda:  
            		toll free 800.361.5484  or  905.688.1609



                    email: 
            		autoart@michaelirvine.com







sign up to receive new release emails





ok








follow us

  


facebook




twitter




rss




youtube




pinterest




instagram




linkedin







