






the world famous jekyll & hyde club – new york’s only haunted restaurant and bar for eccentric explorers and mad scientists, where guests can eat and drink among the unusual and the bizarre.










































skip to content













 
homefood & drink menusdirectionscontact usentertainmentspecial events























































91 7th avenue south  •  new york, ny 10014
between west 4th street and barrow street






 212-989-7701        follow us









 













now open for indoor dining






deluxe combination dinner and haunted house packages available.









book your reserved seating now!











click here to buy gift certificates























anything can happen at the jekyll & hyde club, new york's only haunted restaurant & bar!






the world famous jekyll and hyde club offers the most unique dining experience in the world! enjoy continuous live entertainment and spooky special effects. the creatures and memorabilia come to life and interact with you while you enjoy your meal.
encounter bizarre characters such as claw the gargoyle, tobias the werewolf, dreadmina the vampire or a genuine egyptian mummy. witness the incredible re-animation of frankenstein's monster or the mysterious transformation of dr. jekyll into the horrifying mr. hyde.






something unusual happens every 10 minutes at the jekyll and hyde club...our guests are warned!

















food
the food menu is another adventure. 62 distinct dishes including create-your-own-monster burgers, frankenstein's favorite, (topped with cheese, mushrooms, onions and bacon) and the mummy (sirloin bandaged in your choice of cheese). explorers will be fortified by a range of pizzas that include the three-cheese dr. jekyll and the cannibals' sausage, pepperoni and meatballs.



















click to view our menus







dinner








dessert








cocktails








beer & wine








kids












drinks
it's a strange brew, no doubt. yet, the brews to be explored on the monstrous menu, will impress the most travelled of beer lovers. draughts from england include bass, double diamond, john courage, newcastle brown and watneys. scotland is represented by mcewan's and ireland by harp, murphy's and the incomparable guinness.
american draught beers include anchor steam, rolling rock, samuel adams and lord chesterfield and there are draught beers from australia, holland, germany, canzada and czechoslovakia. all are served in traditional english yards and half-yards. weather permitting, try one outside at the sidewalk café.
the variety of bottled beers beggars description. from britain comes the rare thomas hardy's ale, old peculiar, mackesons and fifteen other bottled brews. the best beers of germany, france, holland, denmark, norway, italy, belgium, switzerland, canada, brazil, mexico, the caribbean, australia and the far east have been hunted down. and naturally, there is a carnival of 52 american beers, spanning the alphabet from anchor to yuengling porter, one of the finest collections of brews available in any one hostelry anywhere in the world.




















unforgettable parties & special events

private rooms available!








• birthday parties
• holiday parties
• corporate events
• tour groups
• school groups
• bachelor/bachelorette
parties






















the perfect setting for any group event.  a restaurant and social club for eccentric explorers and mad scientists. within our floors of horror, science fiction and adventure, our guests can eat and drink among the unusual and the bizarre!
jekyll & hyde is extremely interested in booking your event. we only ask that groups be a minimum of 10 guests.
to book your event please email the special events department parties@jekyllandhydeclub.com
the entertainment is quite extravagant. it includes a cast of full-time characters and sophisticated interactive special effects. each floor has a theme of its own which in turn are related to the concept of a haunted 1930's english explorer's club.
jekyll & hyde welcomes brave souls to experience a total entertainment package that combines great food, fun and drinks in a unique theatre experience. dr. henry jekyll is the host and he shares with our guests his bizarre exploits and his fascinating collection of oddities. however, i must warn you, wherever dr. jekyll lurks, mr. hyde is not far behind.




























91 7th avenue south  •  new york, ny 10014
between west 4th street and barrow street






by hearse or taxi
just head down 7th avenue.
we are on the left hand side.
by subway
just take the #1 or #9 and get off
at the christopher street station
and walk south on 7th avenue for 1/2 block.


















hours of operation


open all weekends and most weekdays.
please check are reserved seating ticket page for exact days and hours.

 212-989-7701        follow us







*if you do not wish to book reserved seating, you are more than welcome to just walk in and we seat guests on a first come first served basis.
we recommend reserved seating for groups of 6 of more.










questions? email us by filling out the form below.






  

your name
please enter your name.



your email
please enter a valid email.



your message
please enter a message.




submit


message failed. please try again.

thanks for your message! we’ll be in touch soon.

















book your reserved seating now!











click here to buy gift certificates










 
























live entertainment & spooky special effects


© 2022 jekyll & hyde entertainment group. all rights reserved













https://jekyllandhydeclub.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/momento.mp3









 
scroll to top


















