


home - dvbc.org



























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








share this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twitterride calendar - quick linkmember logindelaware valley bicycle clubmenuhomeabout us about us board members board meeting minutes dvbc museum cartoons newsletter archive bylaws board members only forums ride calendar photo albumstours bonkers tour brandywine tour regional cycling eventsride info ride leader info group ride guidelines ride calendar ride library regional cycling eventscommunity forums dvbc advocacy local bicycle clubs newsletters/club news contact us safe riding rules & tips







club news, tours, and events:

happy new year and welcome to 2025!  after a great year of cycling with dvbc in 2024, we've set the date for the 49th edition of the brandywine tour which will be held on sunday august 24th.  stay tuned for other updates as the calendar of cycling and social events is set for 2025, also on the ride calendar.

your dvbc membership will renew on april 1st, and you will receive reminder emails from mid-march through mid-april. 


brandywine tour
the 49th brandywine tour through beautiful pennsylvania amish country in chester and lancaster counties will be held on sunday august 24th.  we will offer road routes of 18, 35, 50, 67 and 100 miles.a message from your president

dear dvbc members,

i am honored and excited to step into the role of president of the delaware valley bicycle club. as i begin this journey, i want to take a moment to express my deepest gratitude and admiration for our outgoing president, ellen evans.

our club has flourished under ellen's leadership. her dedication, vision, and tireless efforts have not only strengthened our community, but also expanded our reach and impact. from organizing memorable rides to fostering a welcoming environment for cyclists of all levels, ellen has truly been the heart and soul of dvbc. we owe her a tremendous debt of gratitude for her outstanding service and unwavering commitment.

as we look to the future, i am filled with optimism and enthusiasm. my goal is to build on the strong foundation laid by ellen and to continue our club's growth and success. we will focus on enhancing our ride calendar, increasing membership, and fostering a sense of camaraderie and inclusivity. i am eager to hear your ideas and work together to make dvbc an even more vibrant and dynamic community.

thank you for your trust and support. let's pedal forward together towards new adventures and achievements!

warm regards,

mike bergin
incoming president, dvbc

some of the board position changes for 2025 are:
vice president: john joseph
secretary: vicki herzog
ride leader coordinator: marian venturini and woody kotch
advocacy: rich abraham and tony chirico



  








join now.  your membership will be effective through march of 2026

if you have been riding with us or are a member of meet-up (but not yet a dues paying member), this is a great opportunity to join the club & get to know the dvbc members!!!!    click here to join now 
note - if your renewal is up select red renewal button at upper right of home page.


great reasons to join dvbc:
lots of great club rides at all levels.
meet fun people who share your love of cycling.
club pays for secondary insurance for all members.
cycling community advocacy.
discount for the annual brandywine tour.
club discount at cycle fit bicycle store.
fun get-togethers through the riding season – season kick-off party, summer watermelon socials, subsidized annual meeting & dinner party, and more.













member signup





calendar








bonkers tour








brandywine t0ur




our sponsors.  they help support our club.  please help by supporting them.



 

pa bicycle manual

















home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









