








benedictine abbey of christ in the desert






benedictine abbey of christ in the desert



















































 















menuaboutmission, history, & locationthe monastic dayprayer and workst. benedictsustainable stewardshipour daughter housesin memoriamvocations – what does it take to become a monk? learn about our way of life and the stages of formation.contact us – ask a question, contact our guestmaster, or sign up for our mailing list.photo gallerytake yourself on a virtual tour around our monastery. closevisitingvisiting optionsmake a reservationguide for guestsdriving directionscontact the guestmasterday visitorsgift shopovernight guestsretreatsdaily schedulemap of groundsexplore the monastery closemonastery newsmonastery newsfebruary 15th: some snowfebruary 14th: three saint on one dayfebruary 13th: dry skyhomiliessixth sunday in ordinary time, year cfifth sunday in ordinary time, year cfourth sunday in ordinary time, year csubscriptions – we can add you to our postal or electronic mailing lists for monastery news and homilies.abbot’s archives – personal reflections from our abbots across the years. closeprayer + chanthow we pray and chant – monastic life has prayer at its very heart.daily prayer and mass scheduleway of the cross meditationour chants on cdst. benedictsayings and stories from the desert fathersopus dei: the divine officedaily martyrologyprayer requestsmass intentionsperpetual enrollment closesupport us 



search




search




 close







select page


  
 
 













 

 
 




 

 
 




 
 

 
 




 

 
 




 
 

 
 




 
 

 
 




 
 

 
 




 

 
 




 
 

 
 




 
 

 
 




 
 

 
 




 
 

 
 




 
 

 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 




the monastery of christ in the desert
our benedictine monastic community near abiquiu, new mexico, warmly welcomes you to our abbey on the banks of the chama river.
learn more about our monastery


 


the monastery church and art gallery,  will be open to daytime visitors, each monday through saturday, from 09:00 am to 5:30pm. the giftshop will be open to daytime visitors from 09:00 am to 12:30 pm and 2:00pm to 3:30pm. 
on sundays, the conventual mass is at 9:15 am and the giftshop will be open from 10:30 am to 3:00 pm. 


 
 





be our guest

we welcome both day visitors and overnight guests for self-directed retreats. we celebrate mass daily, and invite you to pray with us.

 
 
 




support us

this monastic community is possible only by the generous support of friends like you. while the monastery is an officially recognized roman catholic organization, it does not receive any direct financial support from the church.

 
 
 




explore the monastery
we warmly invite you to explore a photo gallery that shows where we live and how we go about our monastic life. 
 

 
 
 
 
 




monastery news & homilies
we invite you to subscribe to our newsletters to receive these directly via email.
 
 
 
 





february 15th: some snow
we are grateful for having received some snow both the nights of february 13th and 14th. the snow tends to melt rather quickly after sunrise, as the earth is beginning to warm up. in any case, even minimal moisture is very welcome at this time. a mixture of snow and...
read more
 

  
more news

 



sixth sunday in ordinary time, year c
scripture readings: book of the prophet jeremiah 17:5-8; first letter of saint paul to the corinthians 15:12, 16-20; gospel according to saint luke 6:17, 20-26 what is usually called the “sermon on the mount” in saint matthew’s gospel, is generally referred to as the...
read more
 

  
more homilies

 

daily martyrology for february 17, 2025in the 13th century, the seven founders of the servite order. they were members of a confraternity in florence dedicated to the blessed virgin. they formed a religious community in 1240. the order was largely responsible for promoting devotion to the seven sorrows of the blessed virgin mary.

at lindisfarne, in 661, st. fintan, abbot and bishop. he was sent from iona to succeed st. aidan (august 31) at lindisfarne, and was himself succeeded by colman (february 18), who defended... read more
 


more videos from our monastery
 
 
 
 




prayer and chant
learn more about the monastic day or review our daily prayer schedule.
 
 
 
 






prayer requests and mass intentions

we are glad to include your requests for prayer in our daily chanting of the psalms. mass intentions (including the delivery of a mass card) may be requested for small stipend.

 
 
 




our chanting

we have recordings of our chants available on cd and mp3.

 
 

ave maria

https://christdesert.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/music_ave_maria_edit.mp3


 




daily prayer and mass schedule

all are welcome to join us at daily worship. click here for our daily prayer schedule which begins at 4:00am and ends at 7:30pm.

 
 
 
 
 



current road conditions
monday, february 17th, 2025, 5:00 am forest service road 151 leading to the monastery is dry and passable once again. low clearance vehicles should use caution navigating the rutted portions of the road. all-wheel drive vehicles are strongly advised. also, there are cattle roaming in the canyon.  they often stand in the road, especially at night. for those who travel on the road, please be aware that there may be traffic traveling in both directions on the road, so round curves with caution. drive slowly (20 mph) and be courteous, allowing faster traffic ahead of you.  simply pull to the side of the road and let them pass.   safe and peaceful sojourns.
click here for driving directions
 
 


 
 
 
  
  
 
 






                        © copyright 2025 by monastery of christ in the desert 
                          •  
                        po box 270, abiquiu, nm 87510 
                          •  
                        (575) 613-4233
                        
website by canton becker
 

 
 
 


























