


welcome page





 








sign in
sign-up










 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close




welcome to the next level of playground hoops!

welcome page
about we got game streetball
how to contact us
stop the violence / peace in the streets hoops jamm
got skillz dribble pass and shoot challenge
2005 3-vs-3 hoops jamm
stay in school hoops jamm
hoop-a-thon
whats new page
big ups to we got game partners
become a we got game partner
westside 2000 and northside 2001
2002 rnr and fest latinoamericano
2002 local 54 and greek fests
photo album 4
favorite hoops links
view and sign our guest book
photo 3
my photos

please note: this website is now an archive of wgg streetball activities from 1998-2007. i and my partner went on hiatus when i suffered severe arthritis of my left hip, which eventually led to a complete hip replacement.surgery.since that time, attempts to restart the programs have not received sufficient support for long-term sustainability.we got game streetball is looking for basketball gyms or fields (with 2 courts and room for up to twenty "10 ft" vendor and exhibitor spaces) to be host sites for our proposed programs. we are looking forward to setting up open, free & unique programs of hoops enjoyment with a festive, family-friendly atmosphere at one location in each of the wards of atlantic city.each one of the 1-day hoop jamms will offer participation to 4 age groups of male and female youths. the age groups are: i(9-11); ii(12-14); and iii(15-17). friends, families and neighbors will be encouraged to come out and cheer on our youths during competitve events called hoops jamms, where players will compete in a 3vs3 tournament and our d-p-&-s skillz challenge.in between the stages of competitions, we will pump up the volume and "bring it" with a guest dance team, plus special invited guests and sponsor-driven prizes and giveaways.if you are in a position to make the call, or if you know who can help us to secure a facility for staging this event, please contact dorian gilmer at 609-813-1250 or by e-mail at dorian.gilmer@gmail.com .





 





 







although youth participation is generally free,  donations are cheerfully accepted.


having the support of generous and visionary local and regional businesses, firms and civic-minded individuals allows us to continue to offer these programs mostly free of charge to area youth.however, there will be occasions when we have to levy a sign-up charge for a special event to cover necessary expenses.we do accept donations from parents who can afford them, and in the future we hope to offer we got game apparel and specialty items for sale.




we got game streetball is very interested in networking with other leagues and tournaments, so that we can develop "road trips" for our youth to travel to play in cities and towns outside of where they live.one of the ultimate outcomes which we hope to result from this networking is the "got skillz?" dribble, pass & shoot challenge/south jersey hoops tour and the end-of-summer south jersey hoops jamm.


we got game would also like to exchange hoops-related links with those who will provide us with their url and a brief introduction about their site.we will promptly place it on our hoops links page for all to see, and send you our info.


email dorian-g


behind-the-scenesof we got game streetball:


we got game streetball always invites parents and the general public to come and check us out, or even get involved, but if you miss us, you can still get a backstage glimpse by checking out our online photo albums, which will have lots of pictures of all of our activities(when we have a photographer) and they will be printable!


























