






cfdiocese.org














































































skip to content


























































 
home2025 diocesan conventionabout bishop justin holcomb our churches our clergy diocesan staff diocesan board standing committee commission on ministrynews/content bishop’s blog bishop’s visitations cfe news/articles subscribe – digital digest cfe magazine eventsprograms/places institute for christian studies youth ministry residency program camp wingmann canterbury retreat more ministriesfor clergy continuing education educational events licensure transition ministry becoming a deacon supply clergy clergy informationresources administration & policies resources for congregations cycle of prayer disaster plan mission resources abuse prevention stewardshipdonations








 


















click image to read.
click image to read.
click image to read.
click image to read.
click image to read.






















find a church












find clergy














bishops' visitations












transition ministry




































featured articles









‘for the churches, for the gospel’ shapes 2-day 2025 diocesan convention




the creepy, mysterious and interesting history of valentine’s day




camp wingmann’s winter camp builds connections for christ


 


diocese active in addressing immigration concerns for clergy, congregations




key deadlines approaching for 2025 diocesan convention




epiphany: light for the nations







































featured events



































join the rev. dr. rob strenth at st. matthew's in orlando on feb. 18 from 6:30 p.m. - 8 p.m. for the next institute of christian studies general education class, the offertory words actually mean something? click here or on the image above to visit icscourses.org for a description of the class and registration link.



































diocese of central florida vestries are doing critical work in a rapidly changing environment, and the 2025 vestry training is designed to support our churches through practical workshops that equip, encourage, and enhance our shared gospel ministry. click here or on the image above for information and registration.


















































the central florida episcopalian magazine features inspiring articles and news from across the diocese of central florida. the cfe digital digest is a monthly email newsletter that serves as a companion publication to the magazine.
subscribe to each at the links below!





















magazine























digital digest













 














 

 about the diocese about 



 bishop justin s. holcomb
 



 our churches 



 our clergy 



 diocesan staff 

 







 

 news/content bishop's blog
 



 bishop's visitations
 



 cfe news/articles
 



 cfe magazine
 



 canon news 



 events 

 







 

 programs/places residency program 



 institute for christian studies 



 canterbury retreat 



 camp wingmann 



 youth ministry 



 more ministries 

 







 

 for clergy canon news 



 continuing education 



 licensure 



 transition ministry 



 becoming a deacon 



 supply clergy 



 clergy information 

 







 

 resources administration 



 resources for congregations 



 cycle of prayer 



 disaster plan 



 mission resources 



 abuse prevention 



 stewardship 

 










diocese of central florida, 1017 e. robinson st., orlando, fl 32801 | (407) 423-3567












© 2023 the episcopal diocese of central florida. all rights reserved.









 
scroll to top



















