







home - friends of pets : friends of pets









































friends of pets



















 







pets

available pets
sanctuary animals
adopted!
pet adoption form


get involved

volunteer
donate


help & answers

adoption
spay/neuter assistance
renting with pets
common pet problems
disaster preparedness
pet loss & grief support


news & events
about us
contact
 









celebrate the bond between people and pets!
with compassion and integrity, we intervene to protect the abandoned, promote responsible pet ownership and to improve the quality of life for companion animals. together we’re making a difference!
learn more 






















































 








california wildfire disaster relief – $10,000 raised!
thank you for helping us help the pasadena humane society
find out more






alaskans pick.click.give! pfd donations by march 31
august 31st
pick.click.give! apply for pfds by march 31
find out more


































































meet the pets
meet our sanctuary pets, pets who have already found homes, and pets ready to come home with you!
meet our pets 












































































































 

get involved
not ready to adopt a pet? that’s fine. from volunteering to donations, any effort will make a difference in the lives of our animals.
learn more 













    graphic-q_a
  







help & answers
questions about adoption, living with pets or learning to live without one, we’re here to help. learn how to keep pets happy and healthy!
learn more 








show your support!
we are a non-profit organization, staffed entirely by volunteers and supported by your donations. contributions are tax-deductible and remain in alaska. help pets and their families today.
donate today! 










    graphic-mustache
  























































































friends of pets




donate today!
we are a non-profit organization, staffed entirely by volunteers and supported by donations.


501(c)(3) non-profit organization – tax id# 94-3095459
guidestar charity profile
          



© 2025 friends of pets. all rights reserved.
credits: website photography













