















hotel ca’ formenta venice official site | hotels near the venice biennale

































































 menu 

 
book now


best price guaranteed







hotel ca formenta - venicewebsite



 



 





an impeccable welcome
hotel ca' formenta welcomes you to castello, in the heart of venetian life, for an unforgettable holiday just a stone's throw from st. mark's square. 







a place to discover
enjoy this corner of venice, well known to the venetians but not to tourists, just minutes from st. mark's square and the biennale gardens. 







lovely view
from the hotel ca' formenta the panorama will leave you breathless: the basin of san marco is truly a spectacle at any time of the day.  







timeless stylean intimate oasis of relaxation, the rooms at hotel ca' formenta feature an unmistakable venetian style and all modern amenities. 



 






 


hotel ca’ formenta venezia
hotels near the venice biennale
situated at the beginning of via garibaldi, hotel ca’ formenta enjoys an enviable location, just 10 minutes from st. mark’s square and within walking distance of the biennale gardens and the arsenale.
perfect for guests seeking a hotel near the venice biennale, ca’ formenta is located in an area with plenty of night life, attracting mainly local venetians and not yet invaded by mass tourism.












print the map with directions to reach us






getting there
hotel ca’ formenta is easily reached by taxi or public transport from marco polo airport, santa lucia railway station and piazzale roma (for guests arriving by car).





water taxi





giardini stop
actv lines 5.1 and 6





arsenale stop
actv lines 4.1 and 1





public transport
from marco polo airport
the “alilaguna – blue line” shuttle leaves every hour, from 8 am to midnight. get off at the “arsenale” stop, turn right and follow the shoreline. cross over two bridges, and you’ll find the hotel.
from santa lucia station and piazzale roma
take the actv no. 5.1 or no. 6 vaporetto and get off at the “giardini” stop. turn left, walk along the riva dei sette martiri, pass the bridge and continue to the hotel.
alternatively, take the actv no. 4.1 vaporetto or, if you prefer a beautiful, romantic route along the grand canal (about 50 minutes), take the no. 1 instead. get off at the “arsenale” stop, turn right and follow the shoreline; cross over two bridges and you’ll find the hotel.





water taxi
the most comfortable and scenic way to arrive at hotel ca’ formenta in venice is to take a taxi motorboat and get off at the hotel’s private dock.
maximum cost
– €130 from the airport
– €75 from the station





 


webcam












 


style, comfort and hospitality
venetian style, italian hospitality, services in line with international standards.
hotel ca’ formenta offers you a no-worries stay in venice!









 



















 









relax in the hotel lobby or beautiful inner courtyard.
slumber into a deep sleep in a quiet, comfortable room.
enjoy the buffet breakfast in the indoor lounge, open air courtyard, or, if you prefer, in your room.





no need to worry about anything else … the hotel staff are at your disposal 24 /7, to help organize tours, excursions, dinners at the best restaurants, and transfers.
wi-fi? always free, of course.


what ca' formenta offers you



services
free wi-fi – elevator – luggage storage – bar – night porter –
concierge – tourist information, bookings for excursions and guided tours – safekeeping of valuables – fax service – daily newspapers – pets welcome – transfers* – car rental service* – laundry service*
* service fee





breakfast

italian or continental buffet breakfast
in-room breakfast (on request)
hours: 7:30 – 10:00 am






quick info

24 hour reception
check-in: 2:00 pm – midnight
check-out: by noon



our rooms



classic










featuring all modern amenities and venetian-style furnishings, classic rooms are suitable for couples or a small family. double and triple rooms available.


book now


with view










overlooking san marco basin, superior rooms and junior suites can accommodate up to 3 guests (with an extra bed). ideal for a romantic getaway.


book nowin all rooms



adjustable air conditioning and heating | free wi-fi | tv with satellite channels | minibar | telephone | safe
all rooms have a private bath with shower or bathtub, hairdryer and courtesy kit.





 



 





 

 


13% discount
special offer
 

book now  

details  

romantic venice -13% off
hotel cà formenta offer you a 13% discount for reservation in our web site! 







 

offer always valid 


special discount
up to 3 people
classic / superior 

book  now  

details  

pay right away and save!
book our non-refundable rate and save! 







 

only on the official site 


11% discount
up to 3 people
 

book now  

details  

best price guaranteed!
search for the dates of your stay on our online booking system, enter your e-mail address and unlock the best rate! breakfast and wi-fi always included! 



 





 


gallery


 







 


safe hotelsafe hotelsafety measures and flexible ratesservicespets welcomeluggage storageliftreception h24free wifirecommended bytripadvisorcertificate of excellence 2016socialinstagramfacebookcontributionsfondo sociale europeo – pdf




hotel ca' formenta - sei s.r.l. | via garibaldi 1650 castello - 30122 venice, italy
tel. +39 041 5285494 fax +39 041 5204633 skype hotel.ca.formenta | vat 03341450272 - info@hotelcaformenta.it
hotel ca' formenta © 2000- hotel marketing by nozio business | cookie policy - cookie settings - copyright/ip policy - privacy













book now









 
homelocationwebcamroomsspecial offersphotogallerybook onlineinformation requestenglish

françaisdeutschitalianoespañol back
 






sei s.r.l.

via garibaldi, 1650 - 30122 venezia
rea ve - 300209
capitale sociale i.v. euro 15.000,00
p.iva 03341450272









 





















