








luxury kits delivered to your door​








































































  


   diy kits

grill stations
fireplace kits

fremont fireplace kit
princeton fireplace kit
rockwell fireplace kit
fireplace customization


patio feature

party pad
seat wall kit
fire pit
circle paver kit




dealer products

pavers
wall block
rosetta


tips
faq

technical information
testimonials


   





search
















shop kits



luxury diy kits delivered to your doorcreate an outdoor living space and immediately add value to your home while adding a new "room" to entertain family and friends.   use our easy to assemble diy kits to kick start your patio project. these fast and affordable kits make it simple - no special skills or tools required.  
welcome to the joys of outdoor livingit's a way of life. we're here to help.





search














outdoor fireplace kits


instance 1








shown in charcoal blendfremont
our classic offering.shown with classic boxes





buy now















popular
shown in bethany ledge blendprinceton
bigger and badder fremont.available with batwing boxes




buy now











shown in timberwood blendrockwell
bold contemporary style.shown with batwing boxes.





buy now
















general info



how to build a fireplace in a corner
you can build a fireplace in a cornermany customers want to build a fireplace in the corner of a patio. installing a fireplace at a 45-degree is easily done, although many people tend to complicate the issue or over-think it. fortunately, it is simple. you have several options to achieve a corner fireplace build. there 





read more










customization, how-to, plan



how to raise your fireplace kit
you can raise your fireplace if needed there may be many reasons you want to raise your fireplace. you can easily accomplish this customization. you need to think of the 




read more










advice, general info, how-to, plan



9 small patio designs with big impact
intro everybody longs for a fantastic yard like you see online and in magazines. but you can't buy a completed backyard. you have to craft your own subject to the 




read more












































































































































the ultimate party padcreate the neighborhood party destination- in your backyard! the romanstone party pad completely transforms your yard into an outdoor living space. whether you have an existing patio or are starting from scratch, we have kits that will become the centerpiece of your outdoor sanctuary. our party pad stands alone as a turnkey patio for a fantastic backyard. it also works well as an addition to existing patios that need updating or expansion. take the guesswork and added cost out of your patio plans. discover how easily romanstone kits work together to create your ultimate backyard paradise. this one kit provides a patio, seating, and a fire feature. not to mention the columns can be used as tables or support for decorative lighting, planting, or any other great idea you have. there are even extra pieces in the kit to build stepping stones if needed. as with all our other outdoor kits, you can combine it to make your dream outdoor getaway.  if you have any questions, contact me.  party padalmost 16' wide with ample seat wall and included fire pit, your party pad will give you a complete outdoor destination in one package! there is extra room for more seating or gathering around the fire with friends and family. buy now and we'll deliver your party destination to your front door- er, back yard- well, curbside honestly.  it's the most fun you can have delivered.

learn more








  info@romanstone.comfireplace instructions  freemont fireplace instructions  princeton fireplace build instructions  rockwell fireplace build instructionspatio features  party pad  seat wall kit  latessa fire pit  circle paver kitgrill stations  guides and instructionspopular pages  testimonials  party pad patio  fremont fireplace  princeton fireplace  rockwell fireplace  willard grills  technical info  printable swatches  resources  download our catalogsocial                              copyright 2025 romanstone hardscapes, all rights reserved. 











 




















































