




empathetic listening & intuitive guidance :: go authentic


















                                        go authentic                                
                            



















                                        about                                    

services
blog
contact me


resources
documents


                                        my crafts                                    

wood rings
acrylic rings


blog archive









  








let's go authentic... keeping it real!
welcome to the online home of the inspired renegade (aka elli or rene).
this space is all about the recovery of the authentic self, and i am hoping to inspire you toward living your own authentic spirituality, humanity and creativity!
my background qualifies me in a supporting role for people going through christian deconstruction, as well as assisting in recovery from religious trauma.
learn more













what i do
my gifts and talents are still in discovery mode. so far, i have found my passion in writing, video recording (i had to overcome my fear of showing my face on camera) and i am trying my hand at different types of crafting projects.


 


write
connect with me on facebook where i share a lot about christian religious deconstruction and soul reconstruction.




create
shop etsy for beautiful opal rings in the blue and orange theme of yin yang, hieros gamos or twin flames.




iterate
check out my vast and free video library on youtube. i have recorded my own deconstruction journey!












empathetic listening sessions with rene
offering 30 minute sessions for empathetic listening and/or intuitive guidance. on donation basis, and completely confidential!
tap image or scan the qr code to book session.
a safe and judgment free environment for you to freely vent and feel "heard and seen", which is highly supportive in helping you regain your authentic core self (soul).

safe & non judgmental
empathetic & intuitive
religious trauma processing
completely confidential

 
 












from my blog















unconditional love and boundaries?
january 16, 2024












did the jews bring christ into the world?
january 16, 2024












there is more than one way with god
january 16, 2024












'ye are gods' or 'you are god'?
january 15, 2024












unconsciously 'talking too much'
january 15, 2024












my relationship with jesus was unfulfilling
january 10, 2024
















                                     truth is not 'one size fits all'... it is 'living' energy that will attune itself to what is most needed in the moment.
                                




                                                             rene gade                                                     

                                                                 senior manager                                  -                                      go-authentic                                  











 go authentic



























































about documents services resources




blog
email me
privacy policy





subscribe to the newsletter to learn about new developments on this website!









email address
required




subscribe












                    copyright 2025.                     built with concrete cms.                

log in 












