





bf homes paranaque houses for sale










 






philippine real 
estate ▪ houses ▪ lots ▪ condominiums ▪ town homes ▪ for sale ▪ for rent



 

 
 












bf homes parañaque houses for sale - listing 1
▪ bf homes paranaque 	listing of houses, townhomes & lots for sale
▪ new & pre-owned properties in nearby & adjoining subdivisions.

philippine real estate properties for sale - listing 2

				▪ aguinaldo highway cavite lot for sale 31,661 sqm.
				▪ graceland mansion - brick exterior condo in san antonio village
				▪ the beacon condo - new condo units for sale in makati city
				▪ azure urban resort condominium residences in bicutan
				▪ westmont condominium village along sucat road parañaque
				▪ canyon cove residential beach resort in nasugbu batangas
				▪ canyon woods residential resort condominiums in tagaytay
				▪ lakewood executive resorts lots for sale los baños, laguna
				▪ avida land: santarosa estates, avida towers & residences
				▪  philippine home insurance-ucpb gen for subdivision houses



 
listing 1 
offers brand new, newly renovated and previously owned houses with three or more bedrooms for sale at bf homes paranaque, las piñas and muntinlupa, metro manila as well as other real estate properties in subdivisions in the vicinity bf homes paranaque subdivision.
 
listing 2 offers 
other philippine real estate 
properties for sale in and outside metro manila including beach resorts, housing projects inside bf homes paranaque like menlo park, elysium townhouses, the posh courtyards of portofino in alabang; ayala alabang; tahanan village; edinburg lane in paranaque; la posada at 
brittany bay sucat; ponte verde town houses in las pinas; westmont village condominium along sucat pque; avida towers and other real estate properties in the philippines that are for sale or for rent.
 

house renovation & construction contractor - we offer free consultations for new 
house construction and renovation of existing houses in bf homes paranaque and subdivision within the vicinity. for more information, please click here.

added feature:
 
home buying guide: purchasing philippine real estate for filipinos & foreigners
- an information guide on philippine real estate laws & regulations on property ownership, 
taxes, broker's commission and more. the site has information for foreigners, "balikbayans", and local residents who intend to buy a house, lot or condominium here in the philippines. 
the site offers information for foreigners on laws limiting foreign ownership of land in the country. and info on the dual citizenship law for ex-filipinos who have acquired foreign citizenship. 
it also has a list of requirements for a special resident retirement visa in the philippines.
 

our goal:
 
is to provide another avenue for those who want to offer their house for sale in bf homes paranaque and for those who are looking for a house or lot to buy or those who want 
to construct or renovate their house in bf paranaque and nearby areas of metro manila, philippines. we aim to give assistance, information and advice to bf home owners who wants to sell or rent-out, renovate or build their dream home. we offer house construction, renovation 
and interior design in paranaque, las pinas and alabang areas. 
please see our "renovate and construct" page or 
contact us for your real estate needs.  
our friendly team lead by victor alvarez will be happy to assist and advice on 
your real estate needs.

about bf homes 
parañaque
 
bf homes paranaque is one of the first and biggest philippine real estate development south of manila. bf homes pque is a 
mix of middle and upper class community, a complete village by itself, having numerous commercial establishments and a large residential area with more than 
12,000 households. the main road, aguirre avenue has become a destination for its many restaurants and bars offering diverse food items and drinks. the houses 
in bf homes are a pleasant mixture of old and new houses, from 3-bedroom bungalows to 10-bedroom mansions (and some town houses along the perimiter. bf homes is located in paranaque city extending to parts of muntinlupa and las piñas cities at the southern part of metro manila, philippines. 
bf homes is surrounded by numerous malls and first class subdivisions. the bf homes subdivision has many entry points: 
two along dr. a. santos avenue (sucat rd.), paranaque; two from las pinas; and another two bf gates going to alabang, muntinlupa. bf homes 
parañaque is composed of 82 sectors (local associations) under one umbrella organization, the new bf federation of homeowners association, inc. (bffhai), 
replacing the old united bf homeowner's association, inc. (ubfhai). it is about a 20 minute drive to the manila international airport (naia) -a good place to live for frequent fliers and expatriates. for more information on the subdivision, 
see our bf homes paranaque "trivia" page.

► 
also visit our home page. click here to check out our philippine based sites below: ◄
 
▪ free philippine legal forms & contracts ▪ interior design & decorating tips ▪ currency calculator ▪
▪ real estate buying guide for balikbayans & foreigners ▪ philippine travel destinations and more ▪

 
     
    




about us & faq |
privacy policy

 

bf directory | 
bf trivia | 
metro manila map | 
manila map | 
paranaque & bf homes map | 
zonal values of parañaque city | 
zonal values of las piñas city | 
renovate | 
bf site map | 
privacy policy 
| contact us
 
 do not sell my personal information


 

2004-2024 bf homes paranaque, 
metro manila, philippines real estate properties

https://www.bfhomes.net

updated: 
march 10, 2024
 

