





casa youth shelter, welcome! - casa youth shelter































































































 




























support
get help now
about us
donate
 


























home
about us

our mission and legacy
our people
a typical day at casa youth shelter
success stories
our impact
financials
strategic plan 2020-2025
newsroom
frequently asked questions


our work

residential shelter care program
counseling

individual counseling
group counseling
supplemental care groups
family counseling
aftercare counseling


non-residential services
parenting classes
case management
community outreach
youth leadership program

reality party: what you didn’t know


our essential partners
partner referrals
tejani family scholarship


get involved

subscribe to newsletter
become a volunteer
undergraduate fieldwork
graduate student mft trainee opportunities


support

ways to give
in-kind giving
event sponsorship
wish list
our generous donors


events
get help
donate
 






 








a safe place to stay. 
							 


a warm bed. a hot meal. 
							 


someone to talk to. 
							 


nuestra casa es su casa. 
							 





















our mission


casa youth shelter serves and nurtures youth in crisis with shelter, counseling, and support services, empowering them to come through their crisis with increased confidence, stability, and tools for continued growth.


our vision



a community where all adolescents in crisis have a safe place to stay, in an environment that promotes personal growth and healthy relationships.





we’re here to help


get counseling and support services for residents & non-residents


help support our youth in need




your support makes it possible for casa youth shelter’s staff and volunteers to have a positive impact in the lives of the youth and families who turn to us for help every day.


donate


835



calls to our 24-hour crisis hotline in 2022


1,728



total number of shelter days provided


7,820



hours of counseling provided in 2022


99%



left with improved emotional well-beingwhat former residents say about us





casa youth shelter offered me safety, comfort, and support. i met amazing people and learned how to grow as a person. not only did i gain a better relationship with my family, it also helped me embrace my artistic self and find peace mentally. — jg








[coming to casa youth shelter] was the best decision i ever made. i love my life right now. i love who i am. i found the real me. i couldn’t ask for better staff and better support system like you guys. — yf








i swear that casa youth shelter saved my life. it showed me a better way. — lj








if i hadn’t come to casa youth shelter i would probably be on the streets. you guys got me reunited with my parents. — a


our stories


intern spotlight: loryn stephens“i’m excited to be interning at casa youth shelter because of the amazing work they do for young people in crisis. i’m… more
read morealumni spotlight: zionmeet zion, a past resident of casa youth shelter’s residential shelter care program.   zion, a sophomore at california state… more
read morevolunteer spotlight: toniann chafinmeet toniann chafin, a dedicated casa youth shelter volunteer for the past four years and the new assistant volunteer coordinator… more
read moreread more




need immediate help?
our 24-hour helpline is open for youth and families
(800) 914-casa (2272)
to contact us for non-residential services
click here



  









 





tax id 95-3218061 | license #300602437   | copyright ©2020 casa youth shelter. all rights reserved. 








social media & sharing icons  powered by ultimatelysocial 





 
support casa youth shelter with your gift to long beach gives on 09.24.20
we’re proud to participate in long beach gives, a one day giving campaign to encourage support and advocacy for select organizations in our local area.
help us reach our goal of $50,000!
with all of us pulling together, we can make sure youth in crisis get the food, shelter and support services they need.
give now
(you will be redirected to the long beach gives website to make your gift.)


			x			








searchpostslogin 











tuesday, 16, marintern spotlight: loryn stephensmonday, 9, maralumni spotlight: zionfriday, 10, janvolunteer spotlight: toniann chafinfriday, 3, mayvolunteer spotlight: dave basoktuesday, 16, aprcaldwell trust helps casa youth shelter meet the needs of kidssaturday, 2, febdonor spotlight: decorative arts society 
welcome back,

username


password

 remember me


 
 














































































