















socata tb users group

















 






home
tb info
photos

view complete photo gallery 
view your photo gallery entry 
edit your photo gallery entry 
message board

personal messages    
resources

maintenance and info 
contact socata       
links                
socata tb user group contact info 
tb instructors       
member map           
tb support locations 
tb checkists         
tb articles          

member stories       
tb magazine reprints 
tb weight and balance calculator 

events
search

search members       
search site          
search message board posts 
tb sales

tb aircraft sales    
classified ads       
profile

view your profile    
edit your profile    
log off              
about us

about the socata tb users group 
contact us!          
terms of use         
privacy policy       










member login







username:

						password:






remember me







forgotten password?




















member 
						spotlight





stefan haupt
member since: aug 3, 2015posts: 16
					
					






newest members





					goolwa, satobago s/n 1018
					burleson, txtampico s/n 1029
					trollenhagen, germanytampico s/n 211
					perth, watrinidad tc s/n 1838
					oldenburg, germanytrinidad s/n 923
					nevers, francetrinidad s/n 444
					
					





 






welcome to the socata tb users group!

this site is dedicated to providing information and support on socata's tb range of general aviation aircraft.
the primary mission of the group is to provide members with information and assistance that will help keep socata-built airplanes flying - safely and affordably, and to provide a forum for socata pilots to discuss issues that effect them.

here you will find the latest information on the tb fleet, user information and stories and pictures of users with their aircraft as well as a gateway to the "members only" message board where you can exchange tips and information with other tb users.








tb photo gallery


























aviation news




avweb
nasa forms
				nasa's aviation safety reporting system offers a wealth of resources on real-world operations. and more. 
the post nasa forms appeared first on avweb.

ready, fire, aim
				ga needs to take the fuel issue seriously. others are.
the post ready, fire, aim appeared first on avweb.

poll: do you check notams?
				the post poll: do you check notams? appeared first on avweb.

last week's poll results: leave it to the experts
				most respondents say armchair accident analysis is harmful.
the post last week's poll results: leave it to the experts appeared first on avweb.

best of the web: rudder ad explained
				piper groups fought hard against the rudder ad but now that it's here, strategies are being developed to deal with it.
the post best of the web: rudder ad explained appeared first on avweb.

aviation safety
thinking inside the box
				predicting landing performance can mean a deep dive into the airplane's documentation, with no precise answers.
the post thinking inside the box appeared first on aviation safety.

emergency descents
				when you absolutely, positively have to get to a lower altitude, it's good to have practiced the procedure and know what to expect. 
the post emergency descents appeared first on aviation safety.

clearing your turns
				see and avoid remains the primary collision-avoidance method, but merely looking where you're going isn't enough. 
the post clearing your turns appeared first on aviation safety.

foreign affairs
				away from the warm embrace of north dakota, our hero takes on foreign atc, poorly marked pavement, u.s. customs and even florida. along the way, lessons were learned. 
the post foreign affairs appeared first on aviation safety.

unicom—february 2025
				expanded preflights thanks for ryan motte's january 2024 article on pre-flight inspections, “expanding your preflights.” i especially appreciate the sidebar on post-flight inspections, which i think are under utilized. i'd expand your list of items to check after a flight. of course, the extent of a post-flight we perform has a lot to do with […]
the post unicom—february 2025 appeared first on aviation safety.









 



copyright © 2000 - 2025 socata tb users group.
delete all board cookies











