













home - judicare



















































  skip to content













services

legal services

legal coverage areaseligibility infohow to apply 
mediation servicescontact us >>
about

staff

board of directorsjoin our team

client grievance procedure 
 
contact info

faq

wisconsin legal needs assessment 
 
contact us >>
get involved

private attorneyinvolvement program

involvement forms 
other opportunitiescontact us >>
events & outreach

judicare clewills caravangolf for justicecontact us >>
apply for helpdonate











legal servicesmediation servicesabout usget involvedevents & outreachapply for helpdonatehome



exit site









exit site









ensuring fair access to justice in northern wisconsin
judicare legal aid provides free civil legal services to low-income persons living in northern wisconsin and native americans statewide.

 contact us today




judicare legal aid provides free civil legal services to low-income persons living in northern wisconsin and native americans statewide.

 contact us today









apply for help
fill out our applicationto apply for legal services.
 > fill out application





support access to justice
donate to help increase access to justice.
 > donate today!





get involved
explore ways to help our clients. 
 > get involved



what is judicare?
judicare legal aid is a non-profit law firm dedicated to providing equal access to justice to wisconsin residents. located in the u.s. bank building in downtown wausau, judicare legal aid provides civil legal services to wisconsin’s northern 33 counties and to native americans statewide. from its inception, judicare legal aid (formerly wisconsin judicare) has emphasized the utilization of the private bar to represent low-income persons in conjunction with on-staff attorneys.







is your area covered?
check out our legal coverage area map to see if judicare legal aid is available in your region.

 > see our map











eligibility
you may be eligible for free legal help through judicare legal aid if you are a *u.s. citizen or lawfully residing in the united states and are any of the following:

low income
a victim of a crime
native american


 > find out more details about eligibility











join our team






support our work






read our legal needs report





judicare is here for you.
call us today at (715) 842-1681 to speak with one of our client specialists about how judicare legal aid may be able to help you
or email us* at info@judicare.org

*please note that contacting us by email does not constitute, in any way whatsoever, an attorney-client relationship or an agreement to co-counsel between you and judicare legal aid.












office location
401 north fifth street, suite 200, wausau, wi  54403
mailing address
p.o. box 6100, wausau, wi  54402-6100



phone:  (715) 842-1681
toll free:  (800) 472-1638
fax:  (715) 841-1010




call us today at (715) 842-1681 or toll free at (800) 472-1638



home
about us
legal services
mediation
get involved
events & outreach





donate
private attorney involvement program
other opportunities

















search
      judicare




      search for:
    


search


cancel


 








