























hire a mobile bartender mixologist for private parties in los angeles






































































 




















 
twitter
facebook
linkedin
googleplus
stumbleupon
rss


mobile bartenders in the greater los angeles area (877) 488-5503 sales@paradisebar.net
















primary menu
drinks menu
news
mixology

mixology classes


testimonials

clients


about us

hire a bartender


contact us
get a quote
 


















professional mixologist bartender 
							mobile bartending 
							book a bartender 
							 


farm to bar craft
cocktails 
							explore menu 
							
 


mixology classes 
							book now 
							
 


vintage
bartenders 
							hire now 
							
 


get a quote 
							plan now 
							
 









farm to bar with a vintage twist




whether we’re pouring drinks on the rocks, straight up, neat or with a twist, vintage bar catering from paradise bar brings a unique ambiance, style, and old-school retro flair to any event. offering cocktails and themes customized to your party, wedding, or corporate event, our los angeles  based mixologists add more than delicious libations to the experience.
be part of the craft cocktail revival, invite paradise bar mobile bartenders to the party and watch as we add our specialty garnish to your private parties  from los angeles to orange county.


view more








our mission




taking great pride in the high level of service we provide at each and every event, regardless of budget, the strengths of paradise bar lie in our ability to deliver a seamlessly run event.
we pay special attention to every aspect of the service, with excruciating detail. starting with the staff and their expertise, to the aesthetic and flavors of the beverages, all the necessary insurance and permits, down to the creative, inspired concept of the bar – whatever your event commemorates, celebrity bartender mitch harris and paradise bar will provide all the style and finesse to bring it all together for your private party.











cocktail of the day




want to spice up your last month of summer?
try our spicy cilantro margarita! tequila, house made sour, agave, fresh lime, fresh orange, cilantro, & sriracha.


get inspired


get connected























renowned celebrity mixologist




leading wedding bar setup & entertaining expert, mitch harris is hailed as an artistic visionary whose mixology ability, uniquely creative bartending talents and outstanding reputation have made him a tremendous success in the lifestyle arena as a professional mixologist. he has been a mobile bartender for thousands of celebrity  and private parties in los angeles and orange county.


meet mitch


pro bartending news









 

how to hire a professional bartender in los angeles?






 

mixology class with the amazing niki leigh






 

bar setup at google playa vista






 

paradise bar mobile bartenders set up for the holidays at netflix






 

dinner with david tutera






 

hot to trot benefit mixology event with custom bartending






 

it’s never too crowded in paradise






 

chipotle art show






 

proud to be serving cocktails to google






 

chaz dean dazzles with denim, diamonds & gold










mobile bartending clients









 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 







we are here





9927 venice blvd, los angeles, ca 90034
 toll free: (877) 488-5503, la area: (310)374-8854
 email: sales@paradisebar.net






 















twitter
facebook
linkedin
googleplus
stumbleupon
rss






2024 © paradise bar | mobile bartenders for hire | high end bartender service los angeles
developed by  netpaths web design
























































