









replacement parts for davenport and brown & sharpe - hye-tech







































888-484-9900
info@hyetech.com















replacement parts

davenport
brown & sharpe
manuals and guides


thread rolls & tooling

cjwinter

thread rolling
tooling
attachments


somma tool
hardinge spindle tooling
landis threading solutions
lmt-fette
boyar-schultz tooling

model t box tool
model drh adjustable drill and reamer holder
model at adjustable non-releasing tap holder
model c burnishing and knurling tool
model sk cross slide knurling tool
model h precision tool adapter


micro 100


about us
contact us
 


select page


  
 
 














hye-tech specializes in genuine davenport and brown & sharpe replacement partswe are an authorized stocking distributor of replacement parts and tooling for davenport and brown & sharpe automatic screw machines 













hye-tech machine enterprises inc. is a leading one-stop shopping center for all of your automatic screw machine replacement parts and tooling needs. 

we ship worldwide – over 95% of items ordered shipped the same day!

 
why choose hye tech machine?
genuine oem replacement parts & tooling
with over 40 years of industry experience, hye-tech machine is your first choice for replacement parts for davenport and brown & sharpe. we are one of the largest suppliers of genuine davenport and brown & sharpe automatic screw machine replacement parts and tooling in the country. in addition to new oem parts, we have accumulated an impressive inventory of used and new old stock parts and tooling. we are also one of the largest suppliers of threading equipment including die heads, roll heads threading chasers and thread rolls. and we are proud to represent such prestigious companies as hardinge inc., somma tool, boyar-schultz, micro 100 – just to name a few.
all price and delivery inquiries will be responded to promptly and accurately with most orders shipping the same day. we are sure you will be very satisfied with our prices and service.
we are an authorized stocking distributor of brown & sharpeand davenport replacement parts and tooling. the highest quality parts direct from the manufacturer.















founded in 1997 – through a combination of solid industry experience and hard work, hye tech machine has become a leading supplier of replacement parts for davenport and brown & sharpe and tooling for automatic screw machines

– hye-tech machine enterprises inc.-specializing in replacement parts & tooling fordavenport and  brown & sharpe automatic screw machinesdirect from our location in scenic southampton, long island, ny. 







most orders are shipped the same day to points all over the world.





 







replacement parts
thread rolls & tooling
about us
contact us
 



copyright hye-tech | website design by innovativewebpages 
















