








recovery inc org mental & medical health care




































recovery inc org mental & medical health care




menu
skip to content
personality disorders
mood disorders
substance abuse

eating disorders
anxiety disorder
signs to look for


mental health

psychotic disorders
suicidal behavior


help
recovery

rehabilitation and recovery


privacy policy
 








latest posts


mental health and medical negligence
mental health
mental health can come in all shapes and forms and can happen to anyone there are no guidelines to say who it can happen to or even when it will happen although there are certain aspects of life that may trigger a person to feel mentally unstable. it is said that one in four of people will suffer with a mental health issue sometime in their lives and it can occur at any stage. everyday concerns and worries can affect your mental health but these are just seen as mild, some mental health issues can be viewed as more serious especially when they begin to affect every aspect of your everyday life

much of the worries about everyday life are short lived and people get over such things quite quickly. if someone is affected by a more serious type of mental health it is usually long lasting but if caught early and treated with the correct treatment and medication the problems can be overcome or it can be lived with quite comfortable. mental health problems are divided and split up in to groups according to the patients symptoms and state of mind so that the right treatment and medication can be given to the patient however sometimes patients are diagnosed inappropriately and this could affect their recovery. there is a lot of controversy in the medical health field as many problems or illnesses over lap and others are overlooked so the treatment offered may not always be the right one. medical negligence can occur if the patient is misdiagnosed with the wrong illness and given incorrect treatment, it may result in the patient’s symptoms worsening because treatment has been delayed. if you feel you have been affected by medical negligence you can get free advice from medical negligence claims website medicalnegligenceassist
medical negligence 
medical negligence is seen as the omission or act of a health care worker that was below the standards requirements set by the health care profession that caused harm, injury or fatality to a patient.
types of mental health
generally mental health can be divided in to two main areas neurotic or psychotic. people who experience neurotic symptoms are said to experience things that are the extreme of normal. often people who experience episode of neurosis are those who suffer with depression, feeling of panic and anxiety such things which are quite common in everyday life.
the second area is psychotic which maybe classed in some cases as more serious and less common. psychosis plays on a person’s mind set and it is often deludes their reality. patients who have psychotic episodes tend not to be able to establish real life and it interferes with people perception of reality. two clear indications of people suffering from psychosis are if they experience hallucinations and delusions. both can take over a person’s life and disrupt any normality they felt before. it can affect their emotions, behaviour and generally all aspects of life.
mental health should always be taken seriously as it affects about a quarter of the population with one or two in every hundred people experiencing some sort of severe mental illness.also the uk goverment is making mental health services more effective as you can see here www.gov.uk/government/policies/making-mental-health-services-more-effective-and-accessible–2 if you believe your doctor or gp has been negligent you can get free compensation claim advice here www.medicalnegligenceassist.co.uk.



recovering from mental & medical health problems
if you have been diagnosed with a mental health disorder, you may feel like recovery is impossible, but it really is not. the reason that you have feelings like that is because you are still sick. it is still a long hard road to go down, but you have a very high chance of being able to overcome your mental health problems.
recovery is a little different for mental health, than it is for physical health because you have to make a lot of life changes, and there is always the chance of a rebound effect. recovery is all about being able to control your own life and when you seek professional advice and help, you will notice just how much they focus on your train of thought, and recovering by thinking with a much more positive attitude.

there really is no way to define the recovery period because everyone is different, and no two people suffering with mental health problems are the same. it is more about being able to feel as though your life is worth it, and being able to regain your confidence and start to go about your day to day routines again with confidence.
what happens during the recovery process?
you will be provided with a holistic idea of your wellbeing and mental health, it will not focus solely on the symptoms that you display, but more on you and your needs
 you have to believe that you will recover in order to recover.  this will mean counselling and a lot of help and support from people that love and care for you 
you have to know that it is a gradual process and that life is not all good
recovery will make those that are suffering from mental health issues to focus on new things in their life. by being able to think about hitting new targets, and doing new things that will help them to interact with others and make their lives feel as though they have more meaning in them
how to help yourself or loved one recover
by bettering relationships you can help the process of recovery
of course, finances are always a controlling factor in life, so creating financial security will be a great help
changing jobs to a career that makes you or your loved one feel satisfied will help a lot
joining groups and participating in sports and activities helps immensely with mental well being
staying away from those that encourage drug abuse or alcohol abuse
knowing who is really there for you
perhaps turning to religion, or having some type of a spiritual awakening
also, creating a defence mechanism that will protect you from falling to stress in the future
it is also very important that you surround yourself with people that truly believe in you. this helps immensely to give you a sense of well-being and feeling wanted. if someone can listen and understand you, you can relate a lot better to life. when issues that have a negative impact on you happen, making sure that you understand what made them to happen and why of course they occurred. this will be able to help you a lot as well. it is not impossible to recover, just make sure that you remain positive. 
please make sure to seek medical advice if you think you have mental health problems. you can also visit www.mentalhealth.gov for mental health information. also if you are based in the uk visit www.nhs.uk/livewell/mentalhealth/.





 recent posts 

mental health and medical negligence


recovering from mental & medical health problems


 


		© copyright recovery-inc.org
	








