



	birdweb















home
birds
birding sites and ecoregions



                if you find the information on birdweb useful, please consider supporting birds connect seattle. donate





birdweb: birds connect seattle's guide to the birds of washington state






        search







                        browse by:

 

 
                                birds accounts of washington's bird species with images, maps,
                        and sounds.




 
                                birding sites and ecoregions washington's ecoregions and
                        favorite birding sites in each.
                    




                        learn more about:
                    



 
species of special concern washington
                        bird species listed by state and federal agencies and by audubon.
                    



 birding resources birding organizations
                        and events in washington and other useful references.
                    






  bird of the week  black-billed magpiepica hudsoniaa boisterous and intelligent bird, the black-billed magpie may be one of the few songbirds you encounter in eastern washington in winter. look for a large, mostly black and white bird with a long tail. they scavenge in agricultural lands for a variety of foods, including berries, nuts, and seeds.


  birding site of the week  marymoor parkpuget troughmarymoor park is a 640-acre oasis on the east side of the heavily developed greater seattle area. the park offers great birdwatching opportunities year-round. in winter, look for cackling geese, a wide variety of ducks, mew and other gulls, wilson's snipes, sharp-shinned and cooper's hawks, northern shrikes, and fox, lincoln's, white-throated, and golden-crowned sparrows.


  get involved   birds connect seattle has numerous resources available to you.go birding!volunteeradult classessummer nature camponline nature shopsupportbirds connect seattle





© birds connect seattle


contact us


credits



  


