









sanclemente.com | your guide to san clemente












































































san clemente





									your guide to san clemente								









 






 






 






 





advertise







advertise 








 








menu

 


find a business

bars and club
car dealers
wedding services
restaurants
lawyers
home improvement
feature your business


food & drink

restaurants
nightlife


things to do

all things to do
beaches
shopping
nightlife
golf
kids entertainment
deals and discount
guides


where to stay

travel plan
hotels
airbnb rooms
vacations rentals


events
articles
real estate

neighborhoods
parks
hiking trails
schools
recently sold homes
weather

































 









sanclemente.com | your guide to san clemente 








book your holiday 



destination 






booking accomodation


















find the best places to dine, things to do and events in san clemente! 










 




fine dining 



enjoy a night out at one of san clemente many restaurants throughout downtown. 






read more










 




things to do 



browse fun and exciting things to do in san clemente for all ages and interests. 






read more










 




shopping 



from outlets and malls to small boutiques, san clemente shopping has it all. 






read more










 




wedding 



discover all the resources to help you plan your wedding in san clemente. 






read more













latest news & articles 



major events in san clementeeven though the weather and season changes in southern california, people and families can still...read moresan clemente farmers marketlooking for fresh produce in san clemente? on sundays, the san clemente farmers market has...read moreretirement at san clementesan clemente is famous for its small-town feel and world-class local surfing scene. some people...read moresee all latest articles












there isn’t a single amazing thing about san clemente.
there are about ten zillion.
sanclemente.com offers residents and visitors an all-in-one digital magazine to the laid back culture of sanclemente.com. here you can discover a wide range of events, news and local business information that suits all ages. whether you are planning a trip to sanclemente.com, researching restaurants or even your next home, sanclemente.com is here to help. 










 
culture and history









 
outdoor recreation









 
movie night









 
upcoming events









 
fitness classes









 
shopping










san clemente events 



upcoming events coming soon









san clemente neighborhood guidehere we are. come explore. our city has some of the most interesting… 







 
explore neighborhood 













 




stay connected 



tag #sanclemente for a chance to be featured! 




















sanclementecom
the premiere online magazine of san clemente, ca. things to do | places to dine out | where to stay website launching —> fall 2018 🌿🏠🚲🌴☀️ #sanclemente















it’s truly fortunate that san clemente has a lot






when you’re too busy to prepare for any occasion






these highly skilled technicians will leave you fe






in san clemente, you can find clinics and establis






professionals see a great advantage in being part 






with so many confusing skincare products and infor






many people are born with crazy beautiful hair. du






automotive shops service everything from preventat






whether you’re a nature enthusiast or a botanist






well, having a set of long, thick, and perfectly c






have a big day how you like it by choosing from th






one festive occasion combines the glitz on del mar






santa is coming to the san clemente municipal pier






you don’t need to travel to countries like franc






acne is one of america’s most common skin proble



 


load more...






 follow on instagram

























discover
south orange county
select a city to learn more.
explore the surrounding cities of san clemente, ca.


lake forest
×
“remember the past, challenge the future.”
    lake forest is a vibrant city in the heart of southern orange county and the beautiful saddleback valley. enjoy outdoor pleasure at the whiting ranch regional wilderness park.
visit lake forest


mission viejo
×
mission viejo is a charming city in orange county, california. it’s one of the largest master-planned communities in the usa. three golf courses are available in the area: the mission viejo country club, casta del sol golf course, and the arroyo trabuco golf club.
visit mission viejo


laguna hills
×
laguna hills is an orange county city in the state of california, usa. this fascinating city is home to fossil reef park where different preserved fossils are on display for everyone to see.
visit laguna hills


aliso viejo
×
aliso viejo is a city in the southern part of orange county, california beneath the san joaquin hills. the aliso viejo town center is where most of the fun lies in the city with a movie theater, restaurants, and retail stores.
visit aliso viejo


laguna niguel
×
laguna niguel stands as one of the pleasant cities in southern california. over one-third of the city’s total area is a free space where parks like laguna niguel regional park. the city is also known for its niguel botanical preserve.
visit laguna niguel


san juan capistrano
×
san juan capistrano is one of the beautiful southern california cities. it’s where the orange county was born. every corner of the city flaunts historic charm of how it all began. take a trip down memory lane in mission san juan capistrano or the los rios historic district.
visit san juan capistrano


dana point
×
dana point is a lively city in southern orange county, california. the city is known for its dana point harbor where water activities like kayaking, windsurfing, and boating are enjoyed. other points of interest in the city are the salt creek beach park and ocean institute.
visit dana point


san clemente
×
“the spanish village by the sea”
    san clemente is an orange county city in california, usa. this coastal city offers excellent opportunities for hiking and biking along the beautiful coastline and ridgeline. miles of beautiful beaches are waiting to be explored by beach lovers including san clemente state beach, trestles beach, and more.
visit san clemente


coto de caza
×
coto de caza is a census-designated place (cdp) and guard-gated private community located in southern orange county, california. it’s one of the oldest and most upscale master-planned communities in orange county. different types of houses line up in the community that serves as a home to its locals.
visit coto de caza

 


























































 
 
 
 













top categoriesarts and entertainmentautomotivebeauty and spaeducationevent planning and servicesfinancial servicesfoodhealth and wellnesshome serviceshotels and travellegal serviceslocal servicesnightlifepetsprofessional servicespublic services and governmentreal estatereligious organizationsrestaurantsshoppingsport activitieswedding servicesview all categories











 





are you a san clemente business owner?join the sanclemente.com business directory 





recently added local businesseschild care courses perth waplanet smog checksechrest photographyaged care courses perth wabeach town bookspristine plumbing







click here to add your company for free







not sure how it all works? learn more. 









stay updated with san clementejoin our exclusive sanclemente.com newsletter and be the first to know about san clemente events, store & restaurant openings, & more! straight to your inbox. 





 





































 









business 




find a business
hotels
events
things to do
deals & discounts
real estate
 





neighborhood 



central districtcoast districtforster ranchmarbleheadmarblehead coastalnorth san clementerancho san clementesoutheast san clementesouthwest san clementetalegashow moreshow less 





about us 




company info
advertise
site search
write for us
 





useful links 




contact us
news
blog
calendar
 






 













 






 






 






 














© 1996-2025 sanclemente.com. all rights reserved. | designed by orangecountymedia.com. 







share




 






 








share






 

top



























