






uc davis school of education - integrating research and practice
































 


 





skip to main content






donate



calendar



prospective students






i want to ...


make a gift to the school of education



attend a credential program info session



know if my courses meet the prerequisite requirements for the teaching credential



find course schedules



learn more about the ma part of the credential/ma program



learn about applying to the teaching credential program



know if the school offers a part-time, night or summer teaching credential program



learn about the cost of the credential/ma program



learn about the doctorate in educational leadership (edd)



learn about the phd program











integrating research and practice











more options



 
search
menu








academic programsteaching credential/ma
phd in education
edd/educational leadership
minor in education
course schedules
graduation celebration


research & expertiseresearch & innovation centers
research labs
research projects
faculty areas of expertise


peoplefaculty
center directors and program administrators
staff directory
postdoctoral researchers
staff and faculty directory
alumni spotlights
students


youth programscollege opportunity programs
words take wing
young scholars program
yccs


newsnews home
research & features
student stories
campus & community
news archives


our schooldean’s office
organizational chart
diversity, equity and inclusion
calendar
events
marketing toolbox
photo galleries
videos
join our team
contact us


donatescholarship support
faculty research support
annual fund
ways to give













loading...



 


become a teacher
students need great teachers now more than ever 




 


lead for equity and achievement
learn about our doctorate in educational leadership 




 


catalyze change through scholarship
learn about our phd in education 




 


support education
investments in students and research are investments in the future 






i want to ...


make a gift to the school of education



attend a credential program info session



know if my courses meet the prerequisite requirements for the teaching credential



find course schedules



learn more about the ma part of the credential/ma program



learn about applying to the teaching credential program



know if the school offers a part-time, night or summer teaching credential program



learn about the cost of the credential/ma program



learn about the doctorate in educational leadership (edd)



learn about the phd program








home 

welcome


  the uc davis school of education is transforming education
  through preparation of the best education leaders, researchers,
  and teachers in the country. we are committed to eliminating
  inequities in schooling and creating learning opportunities for
  diverse learners using the power of knowledge and the promise of
  education.
 

read more
teaching credential
phd
edd
get updates
 







 


day in the life of a credential student
join credential and spanish bilingual authorization student kimmy for a day of teaching 






 


teacher education kick off 2024 photo gallery







 


graduation 2024 photo gallery







 


first-generation students give back
alumni sharon and gary takahashi establish scholarships 






 


welcome reception for dean tom smith
see photos from our june 6, 2024 event 






 


celebration of interim dean cynthia carter ching and candel chair elizabeth montaño
view photos from the faculty and staff brunch 






 


igniting and enhancing class discussions symposium photo gallery
see photos from this special april 2024 event for secondary educators 






 


emerging scholars panel
see photos of this year’s event with aris moreno clemons, harper b. keenan, and kristyn lue 





 



centers



beta lab learning through making  




cel california education lab  




cap-ed center for applied policy in education  




cccs center for community & citizen science  




sasp sacramento area science project  




sparc school policy, action & research center  




tje transformative justice in education center  




wheelhouse community college leadership  





news & events




e-newsletter february 7, 2025 

january 2025 newsletter



  prof. alexis patterson williams is named 2024-25 chancellor’s
  fellow, prof. kevin gee co-publishes an issue brief on the
  root causes of chronic absenteeism, candel alumna jenny kwon
  addresses opportunities to rethink law student assessments,
  multiple subject credential and spanish bilingual authorization
  student kimmy bajarias describes a day in her life, alumnus
  justin luu presents his dissertation research at the
  international school choice and reform conference, and more
  news and events from the school of education.
 





e-newsletter december 19, 2024 

december 2024 newsletter



  profs. marcela cuellar and jacob hibel and ph.d. student isabella
  cantu speak at the expanding equity in educational research
  speaker series, the dean’s student advisory council convenes for
  its first meeting of the school year, prof. nicole sparapani is a
  distinguished speaker at the help group’s annual summit, dr.
  chris griesemer and peggy harte shared a framework for
  implementing participatory science in the elementary classroom,
  ph.d. student teresita martinez was a 2024 association for public
  policy analysis and management inclusion and equity student
  fellow, and more news and events from the school of
  education.
 





e-newsletter november 20, 2024 

november 2024 newsletter



  prof. alicia rusoja is named a 2024 society of hellman fellow,
  author in residence mitali perkins is invited to present on the
  power of fiction, brent sasaki joins the school as assistant
  director of development, the beta lab builds electrical circuits
  at uc davis’ celebration the greatest show, jadda miller becomes
  an earth scholar for the institute of the environment and
  receives a 2024-2025 public impact research initiative grant, and
  more news and events from the school of education.
 





post november 19, 2024 jadda miller 

jadda miller receives uc davis recognitions for work with community-based environmental education



ph.d. student jadda
  miller has received two recognitions for her work at the
  intersection of environmental education and community-based
  approaches to scientific research. she has been named a 2024-2025
  earth scholar by the uc davis institute
  of the environment and, with her advisor prof. heidi ballard, has
  accepted a 2024-2025 public
  impact research initiative (piri) grant from the uc davis
  office of public scholarship and engagement.
 





e-newsletter october 15, 2024 

october 2024 newsletter



  dr. charles e. wilkes ii joins the school of education as
  assistant professor, prof. jennifer higgs is among a group of
  researchers to receive a prestigious $3.5 million transformative
  research grant from the spencer foundation, dr. anne jones is
  appointed to the committee on accreditation for the commission on
  teacher credentialing, school of education donors contribute
  $25.2 million as part of the uc davis fundraising
  campaign expect greater: from uc davis, for the
  world, candel faculty and alumni publish a themed issue
  of impacting education, and more news and events
  from the school of education.
 





see all
  newssee all
  events



















footer link september 4, 2014 


contact us



uc davis school of education
  one shields ave,
  davis, ca 95616


student inquiries:
eduadvising@ucdavis.edu
  (530) 752-5887


general inquiries:
edschool@ucdavis.edu
  (530) 752-8258


media inquiries:
eva guralnick
  director of marketing & communications
  uc davis school of education
 

read more
 







site links


donate



student services



school’s intranet



phd program



candel program (edd)



catalyst magazine



course schedules



campus map



teacher education



location and contact us





follow us


instagram



facebook



youtube



linkedin












 

log in



e-mail or username *



password *



 remember me


request new password








commands

support portallog in 





instagram



facebook



youtube



linkedin







 

find out more about our research centers




 

learn about how college opportunity programs help students




 

make a gift to the school of education today




 

read the school of education catalyst magazine




 

interested in learning more about education




 

words take wing




 

connect with school of education faculty




 

make a difference: teach








