

analog.man custom guitar effects pedals 












 this is our original website, we are keeping it as it has so much useful information, including older items that
are no longer available. please use our new website for purchasing. 

new e-commerce shopping cart website, works on mobile devices-> 
www.buyanalogman.com  





















 



 analog.man guitar effects 
 analog man llc 



spring 2024
analog.man guitar effects pedals llc, route 6, bethel ct 06801 usa
please do not come to, or send anything to this address before contacting us for details.
if sending to the address on the mod or repair forms, no need to contact us.
hours: online - always open!
                  shop   - weekdays, 9-5pm est. please email for appointment. 

 phone info here  parlez-vous français? ask for arnaud, a native of france. 

 new email addresses 
 for most questions, you can  phone  
the shop for some help 2pm-5pm est.

or you can email one of the guys who can help you out best. mike is really busy
running things so he won't be able to get back to you till the following day (but replies
to all emails). 



 for shipping info, status, and stock availability, please email ryan in our shipping and testing department at 
  shipping (at) analogman (dot) com 


for questions about order processing or changing your order, 
or questions about kot list, but not to get on the list!!!!! 
contact amy at:
  kingoftonelist (at) gmail (dot) com 
 to get on the list, see  kingoftone.com  for the email link and info. 



it's best to email mike about custom pricing and special needs. 
mike answers emails every day from the previous day. so wait for at least a day for a reply. 
don't email mike again until you hear back, or the emails will cross and things will get messed up.
if you put urgent in the subject line he will see it and if it really is urgent he will
usually reply within an hour. 

 please don't email more than one of us, choose one and go with it, thanks!
(but if it's urgent, you can cc mike). 


if you have a question on an order status, log into
 www.buyanalogman.com  where you can find the status and tracking
number of your order. see the order page of the guitar effects pedals you ordered for how long it
takes to build, the availability line. 



email: 

 analogmike (at) aol (dot) com

  |  

www.analogman.com 


new store -> 
www.buyanalogman.com  

we are on facebook 
 
analog man guitar effects  and 

analogmike,  and instagram 
analogmike_piera  








 quick and dirty links 

 amps | 
 ardx20 analog delay | 
 astro tone fuzz | 
 ampeg scrambler | 
 bad bob booster | 
 beano boost | 
 big-t pickups | 
 black cat products | 
 boss pedals | 
 boss pedal modifications | 
 buffers | 
 boss dd5 and dd6 reverse and high cut mods | 
 buyanalogman.com shopping cart | 
 captain coconut | 
 cesar diaz | 
 chorus pedals | 
 comprossors | 
 digital music gcx, ground control | 
 dod | 
 electro-harmonix | 
 envelope filter, block logo | 
 ernie ball volume and wah pedals | 
 email list |
 email of the day |
 eventide | 
 faq frequently asked questions |
 fender blender |
 forum |
 foxrox wah retrofit |
 fuzzface |
  gigrig switcher |
 gallery | 
 gift certificates | 
 guitars | 
 ibanez | 

 juicer | 
 king of tone | 
 klone mods | 
 lal effects | 
 maxon effects | 
 links/other pages |
 maestro mutron vox | 
 manuals for analog man pedals | 
 mxr | 

 ordering information |
 foxrox octron | 
 other brands of effects | 
 parts | 
 pedalboard planner layout tool | 
 pedaltrain pedalboard | 
 peppermint fuzz | 
 pigtronix | 
 repairs | 
 reverbamate and sole-mate | 
 robotalk | 
 ross comprossor mods | 

 peterson strobostomp | 
 switch or true bypass boxes |
 sun bender mk1.5 |
 sun bender mkiv |
 sun face |
 sun lion |
 sweet sound mojo vibe | 
 teese's rmc wahs | 
 tube screamers | 
 t-rex replica delay and room-mate reverb | 
 tzf paradox flanger | 

 vacuum tubes | 
 voodoo lab pedal power, etc | 
 we buy effects and parts | 
 weblog | 
 who are we? | 
 xotic | 
 wah wah / crybaby mods | 
 zim by foxrox | 
 z.vex | 



 analog man shopping cart website 
 we have an e-commerce website with almost everything on it. 
 it's at  buyanalogman.com 


 does not require using paypal but you can use paypal if you want.
 however international orders will probably need to use paypal 
as most non-usa banks do not offer avs address verification.
 amex is now accepted in late 2016, in addition to visa and mastercard.
 allows multiple pedal orders with shopping cart
 allows adding in options and accessories (cables, shirts, books, power
supplies, etc)
 allows us to adjust things, add things, etc before
charging your credit card
 allows ordering back ordered pedals without getting billed until they ship (if you use a credit card, or close
the paypal window before completing payment).
 has order status and tracking info always available.
 perfect for ordering a 
 gift certificate 
as it has a great interface and allows you to easily use the
certificate at a later time.



 analog man was started years ago from our love of vintage effects pedals
which sounded so great but were getting impossible to find. 
only a handful of small effects manufacturers were around back then.
from humble beginnings it has grown and grown and fueled the current
effects pedal explosion. our passion for tone
has turned on so many people that it is getting hard for us
to keep up with the demand for our products and other boutique
pedals that we sell. but we are doing our best 
and will continue to help you find your tone in the years ahead,
while others like the many "ebay sellers" who have tried to fill in 
the cracks in our mortar, are long out of business. we don't have to
sell our pedals new on ebay or reverb- it hurts their reputation and competes
against customers who may need to resell theirs. if you ever need
to sell your analog man pedals, you will get much more for them,
as they hold their values better due to our reputation and selling
practices. however we sometimes sell a kot pedal on ebay when we ship out 
a new batch
of pedals from the kot waiting list. we do this to discourage people
from buying them just to resell on ebay, so more people who actually
want them can get them at list price. so far it seems to be working well
and the ebay prices are coming down. 

no huge magazines ads - referrals are the best ads, and we get plenty
of repeat business from our good customers. once you get something from us,
we do our best to keep you coming back for more. many players
have bought almost every pedal we make (plus many more that we sell).
we don't boast how great our service is, we prefer to let you tell us.

  we will bend over backwards for our customers, but not forwards. 

 if you think it's expensive to hire a professional to do the job, wait until you hire an amateur.
—red adair
 usa made!  no robots! 
our analog man brand pedals except the analog delay and prince of tone are completely built in the
usa- the boards and components are all put together here. 
some of the larger "usa made" brands including
many of the large "boutique" builders actually have their boards made and 
stuffed in the far east, or the pedals are totally manufactured for them at factories.  
are you sick of the mass-produced, over-hyped, 
over-marketed cheap slave-labor produced disposable junk being passed off as guitar effects these days? 
then you have come to the right place!!! we sell only the absolute best made and supported pedals.
the pedals we sell are not made with planned obsolescence in mind- they will not end up polluting
our landfills and causing you to buy a replacement. all of our analog man pedals can be 
fixed easily by any good tech with readily available parts, as they are hand-made. 
spend a bit more on a quality product and you will save money in the long run. 


the music business is a cruel and shallow money trench, a long plastic
hallway where thieves and pimps run free, and good men die like dogs.
there's also a negative side. 
- internet quote inspired by hunter s. thompson

 analog man's guide to vintage effects 
 
 

for over two years, analog tom (with help from mike) worked full time
on writing the ultimate effects book, and
now we're proud to announce the release of  analog man's guide to vintage
effects. click on the book for more info. made in the usa!



 new ardx20 ver4 dual analog delay pedal now available! 


we are now able to sell these delay pedals in a decent quantity
so they are usually available on the website. see our shopping
website 
buyanalogman.com  for more info. the amaze0 tap tempo/modulation/preset controller was discontinued
but the amaze1 became available again in late 2017. in late 2011 we came out with ver3 of the
ardx20 delay which has a trimpot for maximum delay level; sturdier circuit boards, internal
construction, and wiring; better jacks; and maybe even less noise. in 2014 we came out with the
"flat box" version four of the ardx20.






 fuzz: the sound that changed the world
 new movie is available 

clif taylor has made a movie about the boutique pedal
business and visited us for parts of it. we have them on


our new website, 

featuring billy gibbons, mike matthews, analog man, pro analog,
bjorn juhl, jeorge tripps, geoffrey teese, etc.



 jim weider news 
 jim's fabulous telecaster neck pickup that he designed and has used for
years is now available at analog man only! the 
 
big-t is here! we also now have a matching bridge pickup, just like jim's original
'52 pickup, bold and clear! 


rip levon, we all enjoyed your music and smile, thanks so much for your
wonderful comeback and 2nd round of music!! we'll keep it goin'!



 no delays on almost all pedals! 
 most pedals we sell including our ardx20 delay, amaze1 controller, prince of tone, etc are in stock and ready to ship!
these items will usually ship the business day after your order.
there is no delay on pedals you send in for mods, those
get top priority as we don't want people to be without their
pedals for long. usually mods take only a few days.
chorus pedals, compressors, fuzzes, and other handmade analog man pedals are custom made to order due 
to the many options, so are taking from a few days day to a few weeks.

the king of tone is the only pedal that has a waiting 
list now. kot list is explained on the kot delay page. prince of tone
pedals are usually available on wednesdays but you can try any time. 
we finished the bicomp list in may 2012.

rmc wahs have been backed up but we are getting them
in more regularly now, see my rmc page
for current status. if you order a wah elsewhere, make sure they
have it in stock as some dealers may not be as honest 
about availability.
most other pedals like strobostomp, boss, xotic, mxr, dunlop, wah huge, voodoo lab, black cat,
ehx, z vex, ernie ball, etc should be
on the shelf ready to ship the business day after we get your order. 
feel free to ask before placing an order to be sure, or if you are in a rush. thanks!!!



analog man info in russian, courtesy 
my friend dmitri from guitarworld.ru 








click on the picture for more info on the 2006 japanese overdrive book
which has an inteview with analogmike and a lot of info on 
overdrive pedals, both new and old (all in japanese, sorry!)
here is more of the interview and some more info
on the 
re-j web site.  


 stolen pedals 

nothing recent. 




 ernie ball volume and wah pedals now available 
 we also have a buffer mod we can put in your existing ernie ball volume pedal, or in a new
one that we have for sale on  buyanalogman.com. 
see our  ernie ball  page for more info.
rest in peace, ernie!



 astro tone fuzz 
the astro tone fuzz is an easy-to-use fuzz pedal that
works for almost everyone. based on the old sam ash fuzzz boxx, it's not super saturated and fuzzy, but just right. 
this pedal is really taking off... click the picture for more info. 
 


 peppermint fuzzes available! 


more info here. 
this is a way-out mid 1960's psychedelic fuzz pedal, a ton of fun,
maybe my favorite pedal to play with now. 


 king of tone 



 the king of tone is our dual channel overdrive pedal, we are now
making the 6 knob version 4 model.
we introduced this pedal at the philly guitar show in the fall of 2003.
we have been shipping them since early 2004, but not fast
enough, so the waiting list has grown very long,
click on the picture for more info.
in 2009 we came up with a higher gain option for a little more
drive out of either side.



 
 analog man sun face pedals ready to rock! 

our sun face fuzz pedals 
are being built each week with several awesome sounding
transistor options for the warmest, smoothest tone ever. see our
 fuzz face page  for more info. 




 
 analog man beano boost 
the beano boost is a crunchy booster pedal that focuses your tone and tightens
up your amp, to cut through the mix, for awesome vintage tones. 
see our  beano boost page  for more info. 






 
 analog man sun lion pedals are available! 
the sun lion is a popular combination of the sun face and beano boost in one box. 
see our  sun lion page  for more info. 





new versions of analog.man clone chorus pedals  are available!

in 2005 we came up with two new versions, the smaller size mini chorus
and the full featured bi-chorus. our standard chorus pedal
is also available, we have new aluminum cases in and they look great!
this is the most organic chorus pedal i have yet to try, and can get thick
enough for almost anyone, without sounding seasick. 
awesome leslie sound at high speed! 
 these chorus pedals all have a revision-4 improved circuit board with 
excellent shielding. there is no volume
drop when the pedal is on, and there is very little analog noise. there is also a 
stereo option available, which was suggested to me 
by eric johnson who likes to use his analog man chorus in stereo. 
the stereo option is $50 extra on a new pedal. 

here's more info for the   analog man chorus  pedals.




 
 analog man comprossor pedals and ross mods 
we are building all new versions of comprossor pedals!
we started years ago by doing many mods on reissue mxr 
(dunlop) dynacomps, to 100% ross compressor specs. 
in late 2000, when there were no ross clones like the keeley on the market yet,
we started building an improved version ourselves.  here is the information
on these pedals. we were also able to build a clone of the
orange squeezer compressor onto the comprossor board, so several
versions of analog man compressors are available. this picture is 
our bicomprossor which is both pedals in one.  in 2016
we came out with rev5 which has a mix control either internal or as a knob,
for the ultimate in compressor sounds. we also offer the ryck toggle, for brighter
sounds as used in the 12 string rickenbacher guitars with built-in compressors. 



 bad bob pedals 




we are making several versions of the bad bob boost pedal now, from the mini bad bob
in the twinkie size case to the dual bad bob. click on the picture for more info.


 new buffer pedals and options 




we are now making buffers in many shapes and types, in case you need one
on your pedalboard. we can also build them into volume pedals, switchboxes
(loop boxes, ab boxes, etc) and other pedals. click on the picture for more info. 



 analog man t-shirts 
 we have t-shirts, have been selling them 
since the start of 2006 on mod forms and they are now available
on buyanalogman.com. here are some of our  shirts in action. 
shirts are available on our new website buyanalogman.com. we also created
a special king of tone shirt in 2009. we have some cool baseball hats, beanie caps,
am keychain bottle openers, micro fiber cloths, and koozies too!



 foxrox octron, octron3, tzf flanger, zim overdrive, and aqua vibe now available! 
 we are now selling the coolest octaver ever made, 
the octron and octron3. we also have the zim dual overdrive,
which is a true two-pedals-in one with unique voicing controls
to get all sorts of cool sounds. the tzf2 flanger is available.
the captain coconut was
discontinued in late 2006 as they were too difficult to
build efficiently. we also have the foxrox hot silicon and cc hybrid fuzz face pedals!!
we finally got some aquavibe pedals in stock too, a great uni-vibe sound. 
more info on these is on  buyanalogman.com 



 tonequest report interviews analog mike! 


read the interview here!  also 
check out the tonequest web site for much more. i highly
recommend this magazine for the ultimate in guitarists,
guitars, amps, effects, etc with none of the hype like the
guitar rags you pick up on the newsstands. 
in the june 02 issue, our 
 bicomprossor  was featured on the
ultimate pedalboard! also see the december 02 issue with
our buddy jim weider on the cover for a review of the sun face.


 who is/are analog man? 
 find out more info about us here. 


 
guitar effects forum  
we have a forum for questions and answers but have not been using it
much for the last several years as other great forums like thegearpage.net
have come up. there are some really cool "vintage" posts there
from geoffrey teese, alfonso hermida, the late great cesar diaz, 
the great and wondrous kate ebneter, jeorge from way huge, 
and other experts in guitar effects. check out the posts by cesar diaz 
(srv's amp tech) about stevie's amp mods! 
greg martin from the kentucky headhunters also lurked (screen name twangbar)
along with aj dunning of the verve pipe, jon butcher, and many, many others.


 pedaltrain pedalboards now in stock, new sizes!
 
more details. 
 new 
 electro-harmonix  
pedals now in stock, at lower prices! 
 
so many new pedals in the last several years we can't keep track!
new in 2011 was the deluxe memory man with tap tempo
new in 2009 was the pog2, dmm xo version, memory boy, etc
new in 2008 were so many pedals, like the big muff with tone wicker,
the voice box, etc
new in 2007 germanium od, micro pog,  
new in 2006 are the eh 2880 super multitrack looper, hog, 
little big muff, and metal muff. 
new in 2005 was the flanger hoax. 
new in 2004 were the bi-filter and polyphonic octave generator



neil young once said 
sound is like water. analog is a warm bucketful slowly poured 
over your head and digital is the same water, same bucket only this 
time it's ice cubes dumped quickly. i know which is more pleasing to me.


learn  how to sing the blues!  (humor).


 new to the internet?  read this!  





  amps, reverbs, and speakers 



 new 65 amps london 1x12" celestion combo, these are amazing amps.
check it out at our shop and bring it home. see

buyanalogman.com  for more info.


 new leslie g37 and leslie g27 rotating speakers for guitar now available! see 
 
buyanalogman.com  for more info.

 new  
ibanez tube screamer amp tsa15h  - a real tube amp, with a built-in
tube screamer. all tube design for warm sound, available as a head 
or with optional 1 x 12" cabinet. 

 oliver g400r amplifier, about 1971, made by jess oliver of ampeg, 
head with 2 x 15" bottom, reverb intermittent, head in good shape,
speaker cabinet a little worn, email for more info. 






  don't see what you are looking for? 
 ask anyway, we keep a computerized
want list and have found some very obscure pieces at good prices. 




  effects pedal repairs and mods  
we do mods every day, usually get them back out within a few days.
we are too swamped with our own repairs, mods, and buying/selling effects
to do many involved repairs for customers. but we will repair pedals i 
am very familiar with, like fuzz faces, dynacomp or ross compressors, big muffs, wahs,
and tube screamers which are easy for me to fix. we do a lot
of restoration work on vintage fuzzfaces, as we have most of the
original parts in stock and can make them sound better than new
by correctly biasing them with select resistors. we often do tube screamer repairs 
free with an 808 mod. we can also do true bypass mods on pedals with
stomp switches (wahs, eh and mxr type pedals). our eh bad stone and small
stone bypass mods will fix the volume drop too. we can do a true bypass mod on the
russian big muff pedals without changing the switch, by adding a relay.
you should use a power supply for best results. we also change the jacks out and do a lot
of rewiring to make it reliable so it's not a cheap mod. it's $125 on the later bubble font and the black versions
for true bypass, new wires, jacks, pots, and power jack, or $165 for the older versions 
(civil war muffs, tall fonts, basically the enclosure with the die cast ridges on the side).
 we offer a true bypass mod for the boss ce-1, micro pog, mutron iii+, and the original wh-1 whammy pedal
but no longer do the new reissue wh-4 whammy (they die too much while modding). 
we can replace the pot in the ibanez wh10 wah pedals for $65 but can't guarantee
how long they will last as the wh10 is a really cheaply made pedal. we have the rare
chip to fix the old logic research laboratories rotoverb pedal.




we also have a true bypass mod for the 
 
arion chorus, sch1 or schz, in which we install
boss knobs to make it look better too. we even keep the
stereo functionality with stereo true bypass. we have even done remote
true bypass mods on things like an old dynacord cls-222 leslie simulator.

we have a taper mod for the way huge supa puss, that we did on some pedals for trey from phish.
stock the delay level comes up too fast, it's hard to dial in just a bit of delay. 
some of the older ones with "rev d0" do not need the mod, check your board in the area
of the depth knob and check the rev, rev g0 is the one that needs the mod. we can also
do this mod on the old ibanez ad-80 which has the same problem. 
we put boss style
power adaptor jacks on pedals quite often, and can add leds, usually
as an option with a true bypass mod. we can replace bad jacks on a strobostomp1
with case mounted jacks like we use on the bicomp and kot for $50.

our  
repair form  or  
mod form  has more info, please email me 1st to make
sure we can do your job. if it's not something that i have time
for, i will try to recommend someone.

 we buy effects!  
we are always  buying old and rare effects, guitars, amps,  etc. 
so let us know what you might be willing to sell or trade. we need
old and rare effects in any condition- even empty cases or guts, for repairs
and restorations. it's hard for us to give a good price for effects 
that are still readily avaible, as we don't deal with 
"used" effects any more due to our time constraints.
currently need an early 70's orange-colored colorsound power boost,
old fuzz faces in any condition for parts (pots, bottom plates, etc). 
also need a top pedal name plaque for an eh talking pedal. 
  appraisals  : we get a lot of emails asking what
a pedal is worth. we would be glad to give you an appraisal for a
fee, here is  more info. 


  analog.man files and other links   
here are some   analog.man  files and links  
you will want to see. 



  ordering information   
the vast majority of our sales are now made on the internet with no
phone calls or personal visits necessary. 
here is some info if you are nervous about 
online ordering. 
 new shopping cart website buyanalogman.com 
 use our new shopping cart website
 buyanalogman.com 
for easiest shopping and the most payment methods. if you have
a usa credit card, you can use it directly on our website.



 
 shop without sharing your financial information 
when you pay with paypal, your credit card and bank numbers are never seen by 
the seller or merchant. your financial information stays safe. plus, 
you're protected 100% against unauthorized payments sent from your account. 


we can take secure online orders with usa credit cards. we use 
paypal for processing most non-usa credit cards. most non-usa cards
do not have avs address verification service and will be declined
by our bank. if you already have a paypal account and choose paypal for payment,
the order will be very simple to place (just enter your paypal password).
if needed, please update your paypal account with your current email
address and credit card before ordering. 
or use a usa credit card (visa, m/c or amex) on our new website
without paypal. 

an e-check or savings account/bank debit card payment through paypal 
is great, but will slow down your order about 3-4 days for the e-check to clear.

paypal is very safe and reliable especially now that they have been bought by ebay.
you will get a confirmation email from
our new website (and paypal if you used it) as soon as the order is placed. we will send you
another confirmation with the tracking number when we ship the order, usually the
next day on in stock items. the website also keeps track of the order status and tracking number.

 money orders 
we accept money orders for payment for anything we sell. this
is a payment option on the new website. when you check out, it gives you 
a total, prints a receipt that you can mail with your payment,
and tells you where to send the money order.

 foreign orders 
 
we are a qualified paypal world seller.
paypal will now allow people from most countries (australia, canada,
denmark, finland, france, germany, italy, japan, netherlands,
norway, uk, etc) to order online. 
our website will calculate exact international
shipping options for you before you pay. you might be able to use a credit card on the new
website without paypal if your card has avs. 
most non-usa banks do not have avs (address verification service) so you may
have to use "paypal/non usa cards" option for overseas online orders.



an international money order in us dollars can be sent. 
you can also use a western union money wire for any order.
bank transfers can also be used.
overseas buyers may have to pay some customs fees to their
country when the order is delivered. we have no control over 
your country's taxes, but we will try to keep your fees low.
but we can not send an order marked as a gift as that does not
usually work anyway.

we now have dealers in 
russia  and  israel. 




 are you also selling online?
 get your own paypal seller account! 


 shipping 
we use us mail (usps) for shipping pedals. 
priority mail is about $12 for a small pedal. 
this takes 2-3 days. we don't charge any
extra for alaska, hawaii, apo addresses, or puerto rico. we sometimes use normal air mail for 
small items and parts. for canada and overseas, we prefer express air mail which is insured, 
safe, and very fast, just a few days to europe. express is about $65 for 
a small pedal overseas or $50 to canada.
tracking for express and priority mail is online at usps.com
and you can click on the tracking number on buyanalogman.com also.

 warrantee 
 analog man warrantees all the pedals we build and modify for
one year to the original owner. other pedals we sell but do not 
build or modify, come with their own warrantees from the manufacturers,
and we cannot repair those brands under warrantee. with analog man,
there are no problems, only solutions. 
 return policy 
 30 day approval on all items except amps - if you don't like it, 
send it back. but email us before returning it for info on how
to return it. no "restocking fees" but shipping & handling charges are 
nonrefundable, even if you received free shipping. 
returned items must be in original, brand–new condition, showing no signs 
of wear or use (don't put velcro on them yet!). you wouldn't want to buy a "new" pedal that was used.  
items must also include all original packaging, manuals, warrantees and accessories
(but keep the analog man sticker!). please be sure you really want something before ordering, 
and have enough money for it, as returns are very costly for us.
please email me for detailed return info before sending anything back.


many 'net references available, lots of happy customers! (and we want more)



regards,   analogmike

to send me email -> 


 analogmike (at) aol (dot) com
  contact info  is at the top of this page. 
 © 2000-2019 analog man, llc. all rights reserved. 


