




eric von schmidt paints lewis and clark


















site menu:
        
 
            
            
            
            
           
            
             



news & info:


  




vonworks.com --winner of the prestigious gold 
                award from kara art of 
                geneva/switzerland
plus



our site also received the
                esteemed silver award 
                for excellence by the 
                american association of webmasters






the brand changers -- click on 
            image to enlarge




 
                father, 1920--click on pictures to 
                enlarge


son, 2000--ascap lifetime achievement award
                 


 




 





























"storming of the alamo" by eric von schmidt
 

"here fell custer" by eric von schmidt




to 
                order alamo prints
 



                to order custer prints



the ballad of lewis and clark
this website is devoted to the artistic endeavors of eric 
            von schmidt and his father, harold von schmidt famous american 
            illustrator for saturday evening post. 
we 
            cover topics of historical significance related to the art of both 
            the father and son. from the battles of bunker hill to the alamo, 
            the vons (as the von schmidt family lovingly nicknamed harold and eric) 
            have painted on many subjects important to united states history.
we begin with month-by-month coverage 
            of eric's just completed project, "the ballad of lewis 
            and clark", a 4 x 7 foot acrylic linen canvas that 
            depicts a moment in time when meriwether lewis, william clark and 
            the corps of discovery met the shoshone at camp fortunate near 
            present day dillon, montana. 
as lewis and clark traveled west over 
            the missouri river they encountered many tribes of american indians. 
            after making friends with the mandan, the corps of discovery spent 
            the first winter, of their journey, in 1804-1805 with the small 
            tribe trading goods, information 
            and sharing cultural and social norms. 
by the summer of 1805, lewis 
            and clark reached the headwaters of the missouri near present day three forks, 
            montana. the rocky mountains proved to be more than mere hills as 
            president jefferson and lewis expected, and the corps of 
            discovery desperately needed horses and supplies to survive the 
            difficult journey over the 
            mountains. 

sacajawea
horses were one of the objectives of the 
            meeting with the shoshone at camp fortunate on august 17, 1805. the 
            leader of the shoshone, cameahwait and his people welcomed lewis and 
            clark to their lands. sacagawea along with her husband, 
            toussaint charbonneau a french canadian fur trader  were 
            traveling with the corps of discovery as 
            interpreters.  
 as cameahwait hugged and welcomed the 
            men of the corps of discovery, sacajawea suddenly recognized him as 
            her long, lost brother. she was taken from her family when indians 
            captured her as a young girl.  
            it must have been a dramatic moment for everyone as sacajawea 
            tearfully hugged her brother.

"the ballad of lewis and clark"; 
            a work in progress
eric is capturing these events of the 
            meeting in his painting. we will provide photos of the 
            progress of his work from early conception to the final brush 
            stroke. we sincerely hope you'll enjoy following the progress.
            
so, click on any of the navigation buttons near 
            the top left and begin exploring american history as seen through 
            the artist's eye. 
 
 webmasters: bob reece & joanne blair

send 
            email...
or mail correspondence to: 
bob reece,  p.o. box 371,  firestone,  co  80520 
revised:
thursday march 16, 2006
 as of july 25, 2005 vonsworks.com has 
            affiliated with the history channel to bring you some of the best 
            products in the world of history. use history channel's search 
            engine to look for a dvd or many other products about your favorite 
            subject in history.
  
            
            
            
            
            
            
            














  (back 
            to top)
 

  
            
            
            
            



 




 www  vonsworks.com 








the gallery • painting lewis & clark • vonsworks bookstore • the alamo • custer • osceola • harold von schmidt • links









 


eric von schmidt & bob reece © 2014 | all rights reserved
 
      





