 
chien noir











welcome / fáilte romhat! / bienvenue




chien noir - the black dog.here you'll find information about, and excerpts
                    from the books by kim murphy, and a little about
                    astronomy, linux, dogs, celts and more.





























































































all fiction titles available on amazon kindle and b&n nook


 




 

























































i had rather die — rape in the civil war

              "a meticulously documented and gut-wrenching account of the gratuitous acts of violence
              against women's bodies, black and white, slave and free, young and old... a major work of
              scholarship that was long overdue, and that all historians should be grateful
              for."

                —susan brownmiller, author, against our will: men, women and rape.
              


i had rather die — rape in the civil war,
          is available from
          amazon.com (paper and hardcover,
          also e-book)  
        





























the dreaming — walks through mist
witch trials in virginia?  salem wasn't the first...
          phoebe wynne is hypnotized by her psychologist shae howard and tells an astonishing tale of an ocean crossing
          to colonial jamestown, near starvation, and a daring escape to an indian tribe.  shae's ex, detective lee
          crowley, is intrigued but skeptical about phoebe's story.  his native american background results in a feeling
          of kinship with phoebe and a sharing of the clash of cultures they both experience.  phoebe shows him "the
          dreaming", leading to a misty world where the powhatan and colonists come to life... and connects him to his
          own past.  is phoebe truly a time traveler?
          
the dreaming — walks through mist, a next
              generation indie book awards winner, is available from amazon.com
              in e-book and 
              paperback formats.
        





























the dreaming — wind talker
seasoned police detective lee crowley investigates the scene of a partially buried skeleton. a
              forensic anthropologist determines the remains to be over 200 years old. reconstruction of the face
              verifies the skeleton to be native american—and a mirror image of lee... wind talker is the
              sequel to the award-winning walks through mist, the first book in the dreaming
              series.

the dreaming — wind talker
          is available from amazon.com
          (paper
          and e-book) and other
          fine bookstores.
        





























the dreaming — circle in time
phoebe and wind talker separately enter the misty world of “the dreaming”; their journey leads them through a
              turbulent circle in time.  are they destined to repeat the past? or can time be changed?  circle in time is the
              third book in the award-winning dreaming series following walks through mist 
              and wind talker.

the dreaming — circle in time
          is available from amazon.com (paper and
          kindle), barnes & noble, and itunes.
      

























whispers through time
seven-year-old sarah witnesses the murder of her father
          geoff cameron. sarah refuses to speak, and drawings of her
          father's death become her only means of communication—until
          she reveals that geoff continues to read her stories. are the
          ghostly whispers a figment of a bereaved little girl's
          imagination, or can sarah really speak to the dead?
          
whispers through time, the foreword magazine
              2008 book of the year bronze winner 
 is now available
          from amazon.com (ebook and
          paperback), and other fine bookstores.
        

























whispers from the grave
chris olson is swept into the somber history of the
          sprawling, secluded, and foreboding poplar ridge virginia
          plantation.  an inexplicable, electrifying passion for her best
          friend's brother, dreams of a confederate soldier who strongly
          resembles him, and a haunting one-eyed scout overwhelm her...
          
whispers from the grave, the 
foreword magazine 2007 book
              of the year 
                bronze winner and ippy 2008
              bronze
                winner is available
                from amazon.com (e-book and paperback) and other fine bookstores.
        

























promise & honor

          ... is a novel about the us civil war by kim murphy.  starting at
          the first battle of manassas, amanda graham is widowed, and
          smuggles supplies for the confederacy to make ends meet.  she is
          courted by both union and confederate officers.
promise & honor
          is available from 
              amazon.com (e-book and paperback), and other fine bookstores.

          promise & honor is a foreword magazine
          2003 
book of the year award finalist!

 




"riveting"
"the civil war serves as more than a 
                  setting for this story; it is an integral part of the
                  tale, carefully woven between the diverse men and
                  women forced to make difficult decisions. for this
                  reason, promise & honor refuses easy
                  categorization. as sam and amanda struggle to overcome
                  that which divides them, it is a love story, but there
                  is so much more. the historical detail is
                  fascinating. the pathos and danger are heartrendingly
                  real. the forthright depiction of men and women in
                  conflict, not only with each other but with
                  themselves, is riveting.
 -- patricia j. detweiler,word museum
                    reviews



























honor & glory
... is the sequel to promise & honor.  it
          starts with the devastating aftermath of the clash at
          fredericksburg.        amanda and her sister alice are swept into the
          ensuing maelstrom...
honor & glory is available
              from amazon.com (e-book and paperback), and other fine bookstores.

          honor & glory is a foreword magazine
          2004 
book of the year award bronze winner!






















glory & promise
the triumphant conclusion to this acclaimed civil war
          saga.  two sisters are plunged into the turbulent world of the
          aftermath of the civil war, the period known as reconstruction.
          while the guns on the battlefield have been silenced, war rages
          within all of their hearts...
glory & promise is available from
              amazon.com (e-book and paperback), and other fine bookstores.
        




about the author of the books







 mail





            copyright © 2000-2005 kim & pat murphy
          
            web markup by pat murphy




 
