



  world energy crisis
 










    the global energy crisis
   


    websites devoted to the global energy crisis
    and related issues
   

a new era of sustainable energy is dawning.
   

decisions must be informed by analysis and science.
   







the global oil crisis


sustainable energy


the false



              promise of the hydrogen economy


global



              warming


oil and



              alaska; the anwr controversy


the greenhouse effect explained


the history of carbon dioxide on earth










what



              you can do to save the earth


the science underlying the deepwater horizon



              blowout










new at planetforlife


the planetforlife website has not been updated for seven years. the price of oil has plunged and no one talks 
     about peak oil anymore. fracking has changed everything. bringing it up-to-date would be a monumental task.
	 there are many broken links and some of them will be fixed.
     


     mission statement
    

     find out what inspired the creation of this website.
     




planetforlife mission statement



     baloney detector
    

     is it science? or is it baloney? let carl sagan explain how to tell the difference.
     




carl sagan baloney detector



     book reviews, etc.
    

     book reviews, magazine articles, recent news and reader comments may be found here.
     




book reviews, etc.



     the view from space
    

     who left the lights on? nasa answers that question for the whole planet.
     




global
              energy consumption










     a statement of the problem in capsule form
    

     abundant and economical energy is the life blood of modern civilizations. the bargraph
     shows oil, coal and natural gas together supplying 85 percent of the world's
     energy supply in 2008.
    





coal, nuclear and hydro are used primarily to make electricity. natural gas
     is widely used for heating. biomass, which usually means wood or dried dung,
     is used for heating and cooking. the red sliver is wind and solar power, primarily.
     the red sliver may be small, but it is the future because wind and solar power
     are sustainable.
     
oil powers almost all machines that move and that makes oil uniquely versatile.
     oil powered airplanes carry 500 people across the widest oceans at nearly
     the speed of sound. oil powered machines produce and transport food. in north
     america there are many more seats in oil powered vehicles than there are people. oil
     powered machines are ubiquitous. clearly, we live in the age of oil, but
     the age of oil is drawing to a close.
     
if oil production remains constant until it's gone, there is enough to last
     42 years. oil wells produce less as they become depleted which will make it
     impossible to keep production constant. similarly, there is enough natural
     gas to last 61 years and there is enough coal to last 133 years. nearly everyone
     realizes oil and gas will become scarce and expensive within the life times
     of living humans. inevitably, there will be a transition to sustainable energy
     sources. the transition may be willy-nilly or planned--the choice is ours.
     
consider the implications of the following facts;
     




      * the united states consumes 25 percent of the world's oil and 70 percent of
      that is imported.
      
* 61 percent of the world's oil reserves are in the middle east. the united
      states has 2.4 percent.
      
* 66.3 percent of the world's gas reserves are in the middle east and
      the russian federation. the united states has 3.4 percent.
      



because of our numbers and our technology, we humans greatly influence the
     ecology of earth. we humans, qualified or not, are at the controls. earth
     does not come with an operating manual. we humans need to look to science
     to create one.
     
the coming era of limited and expensive energy will be very difficult for
     everyone on earth but it will be even more difficult if it is not anticipated.
     it is of utmost importance that the public and especially policymakers understand
     the global energy crisis and the underlying science.
     



     how to use this site
    

     this is a large site and there are many links. the navigation buttons can take
     you everywhere. but there is another way. you can use google to search this
     website. try searching for deepwater horizon or taps.
    



















www
          planetforlife
          












major revision: 28 february 2017
     major addition: 28 june 2010
     revised: 28 july 2009
     revised: 18 january 2009
     first upload: 12 may 2004
     














