









home - autobooks-aerobooks














































 







818-845-0707
manager@autobooks-aerobooks.com



facebook




x




rss


 





facebook




x




rss




0 items
 












home
shop online
site policies

terms of service
privacy policy
shipping and return policy


seen at autobooks
the ace magazine
contact us
 


select page


  
 
 









 autobooks-aerobooks
2900 w. magnolia blvd.
burbank, ca 91505
(818) 845-0707
hours:
tuesday-friday 10:00 am – 6:00 pm
saturday 10:00 am – 6:00 pm
closed sunday and monday

     accept credit cards  
gift cardyes, we have gift cards - click here





autobooks is open for business
tuesday – friday 10:00 – 6:00    saturday 10:00- 6:00
 

upcoming events
 

new arrivals
 

 

hop up annual no. 18
 
 
 
buy it now
 
 
 
 


mister showman
bob larivee, sr.
mr. showman: the man who created the custom car show phenomenon
when you think of detroit autorama, you think of mister showman. bob larivee sr., bob has lived an exciting life and while he is well known for his custom car exploits, little has been shared about his later activities. this book  not only covers the custom car show scene, but bob’s involvement in the meadow brook concourse, pebble beach, racing, car collecting, artwork, and his family.
bob was involved in circle track racing for 25 years until 1977. then in the early 1980s, he became involved in western art. in addition, he began putting together a major car collection. that endeavor eventually included 55 very select vehicles from bonneville cars to hot rods to classics and ferraris which have been exhibited in many shows.
 
order your signed copy here
 

malloy: beyond the speed limit
 
tom malloy 
jake grubb
malloy takes you on an odyssey of racing, racecars of every kind and variety, rare racing memorabilia, on-track duals, business wins and near-misses, and above all — relentless determination. the insistence of one man to become accomplished at the challenge he desired most to master: automobile racing. he had nothing to prove, except to himself. and he did — at age 52 and beyond — throughout north america, down under and abroad, owning, collecting and competing in the actual cars of his heroes. when asked why he committed himself to the ill-advised risks of racing all-out in iconic racecars on world class racetracks on five continents at an advanced age, he answered: “i didn’t want to embarrass the car.”
 
order your signed copy here
 
 

spy octane 
the vehicles of james bond (volume i)
matthew field and ajay chowdhury
immerse yourself in the thrilling world of james bond’s iconic vehicles with “spy octane – the vehicles of james bond (volume i)”. this captivating book delves into the remarkable automobiles that have graced the silver screen alongside 007, from the classic aston martin db5 to the cutting-edge bmw z8. meticulously researched and lavishly illustrated, this volume offers an in-depth exploration of the design, engineering, and behind-the-scenes stories that brought these automotive marvels to life. discover the ingenious gadgets, sleek lines, and raw power that have become synonymous with the bond franchise. whether you’re a die-hard fan or simply appreciate automotive excellence, “spy octane – the vehicles of james bond (volume i)” is a must-have addition to your collection, transporting you into the high-octane realm of britain’s most famous spy.
 
 
buy it now
 
 


fifty years of speed
the long beach grand prix 1975 – 2025
dave wolin
the complete history of the long beach grand prix – race by race – from the 1975 formula 5000 race, won by brian redman, through the formula one years, cart and up to the 2024 indy car race; plus the toyota celebrity race, trans am, historics, imsa and more. – results, photos, magazine articles, stories. everything you ever wanted know !!
comes with a dvd of all the photos, magazine articles and more.
 
order your signed copy here
 
 

lfa  the roar of an angel
tanahashi haruhiko
the definitive account of the car jeremy clarkson once described as ‘the best car i’ve ever driven’ 
 
the lexus lfa was built to be the absolute pinnacle of supercar making, to match the world’s best in a way that was distinctively japanese.
 
it is unique in layout, with a front-mid v10 naturally aspirated engine, a carbon fibre composite body frame, active aerodynamics and many other one-of-one packaging features. nearly all its components and systems are clean-sheet designs. it was limited to just 500 cars, and it never covered its costs for its manufacturer.
 
but it is not just the engineering that is unique. so is the way it came to the world. it is the product of one small team, led from start to finish by one man, tanahashi haruhiko. he demanded almost complete freedom from the usual toyota motor co bureaucratic system, and placed perfection above a fixed delivery date.
 
the lfa took nine years from conception to launch, and the story took many remarkable convolutions. this is that inside story, by tanahashi-san himself. a book as detailed and personal as the car.
 
buy it now
 
 


max hoffman                  million dollar middleman
myles kornblatt
this fascinating story charts the career of max hoffman, the us car dealer who represented jaguar, porsche, mercedes, volkswagen, fiat, lancia, bmw, and many other european car brands during the decades following wwii. he pushed for distinguished now-classics like the mercedes 300 sl gullwing, porsche speedster, bmw 507, and alfa romeo giulietta spider. hoffman built a reputation as an effective middleman, but as the car companies he represented became more successful under his watch, the less they needed their go-between. when it was inevitably time to say goodbye to maxie, he showed his teeth with everything from lawsuits against his suppliers, to threatening executives with a mob hit. however, hoffman also had a very good reason to be defensive. he understood the american market, and he pushed manufacturers specifically for cars that would strike a chord and make everybody involved richer. sometimes the hero, sometimes the villain, but more often than not, max hoffman was the unseen puppet master behind some of today’s best classics.
 
order your signed copy here
 
 


porsche decades
jay gillotti
porsche decades is an introduction to porsche history from 1875 to the 2023. it is written and designed for new porsche owners, new porsche club members, or those new to learning about the brand. each chapter touches on the major events and projects important to porsche’s history during the period. the main topics are meant to spark further interest and provide a jumping off point for future exploration of this fascinating automotive and engineering history. plentiful sidebars add general knowledge and enrich the narrative for new and experienced porsche enthusiasts alike.
the first chapter covers 1875 to the end of world war i. each chapter from the second on covers a succeeding decade of porsche history. the book explores both road car and competition car history, including ferdinand porsche’s prolific output prior to porsche becoming a manufacturer in 1948. there is a brief overview of the important features and developments for all of porsche’s important cars including changes from one generation to the next. simple charts compare generations of porsche’s 356 and 911 sports cars. the book also introduces numerous important porsche employees whose work shaped the performance legacy and traditions of porsche cars.
porsche decades includes over 300 images. there are appendices for porsche’s type number history and prominent appearances by porsches in hollywood films. an extensive bibliography details books, magazine and internet articles for readers to explore for more information on topics of interest. travel across the decades of automotive history and through the travails and triumphs of porsche’s fascinating history.

an introduction and overview of porsche history from 1875 to 2023
written for new porsche owners, new club members or anyone new to learning the basics of porsche’s fascinating history
chapters from the second on each cover a decade – chapter 2 the 1920s, chapter 3 the 1930s, and so on
foreword by miles collier, founder of revs institute
a majority of the images provided by the porsche ag corporate archive
356 pages
312 images

 
order your signed copy here
 
 


prodrive
40 years of success
ian wagstaff
written by award-winning author, ian wagstaff, prodrive: 40 years of success is a celebration of prodrive’s remarkable achievements over four decades of adrenalin-fuelled motorsport action, featuring input from those who have been a part of the story.
prodrive was founded by david richards cbe – the man who navigated ari vatanen’s ford escort to the world rally championship title in 1981. celebrating its 40th anniversary in 2024, prodrive carved its reputation in motorsport, originally with a programme to run a porsche 959 group b rally car.
motorsport runs through the company’s dna, with prodrive running subaru’s fia world rally championship programme, with the iconic blue and yellow imprezas, from 1993–2005, taking three consecutive wrc manufacturers’ titles and three drivers’ titles – for colin mcrae, richard burns and petter solberg. the company went on to run the mini wrc rally programme and has today become a force in fia world rally raid championship events, including the infamous dakar rally, with its own prodrive hunter – its latest bio-fuel run, all-terrain vehicle.
prodrive has also achieved success with class wins at the 24 hours of le mans and in the fia world endurance championship, along with british touring car championship titles, and success in formula 1 with the bar-honda f1 team.
after 40 years of success, prodrive continues to thrive, using its wide-ranging expertise, originally honed in the unforgiving and competitive arena of motorsport.
key points
the origins of prodrive, founded by former world champion rally navigator david richards.
year-by-year chronology of prodrive’s key achievements over 40 years.
individual stories of prodrive’s key motorsport programmes, including: early years in rallying; touring car racing; formula 1; the subaru world rally programme; le mans challengers and gt racing; rallying in the 21st century; prodrive advanced technology; prodrive road cars; brand & sports apparel business; prodrive composites; prodrive ventures; the future.
interviews with prodrive personnel and contracted drivers past and present, including david richards, david lapworth, jimmy mcrae, nicky grist, jenson button mbe, steve soper, frank sytner, darren turner, sébastien loeb and petter solberg.
 
buy it now



 



 
 
 
 


a.j,foyt  survivor, champion, legend
art garner
when a.j. foyt was five years old, he challenged a professional racer to an impromptu match race . . . and won. from that moment on victory was expected, excellence assumed. anthony joseph “a.j.” foyt jr. is one of the greatest race car drivers in history—some would argue the best—and he has the statistics to back it up. he was the first to win the indianapolis 500 four times, he has the most wins in indy car races and championships of any driver, and he still holds the world closed-course speed record that he set more than thirty-five years ago. numbers alone can’t begin to tell foyt’s story. through tireless research and extensive interviews with the biggest names in motorsports, author art garner has compiled an unprecedented look at the life and career of one of america’s most popular sports heroes. the book captures foyt’s journey from a cocky five-year-old to a brash competitor and offers fresh insight and details about the battles off and on the track that defined one of america’s biggest personalities. every moment is captured, from foyt’s unbridled comments about what it truly takes to be at the top of your game, his propensity to stuff journalists he didn’t like into garbage cans, and the long list of people he simply punched in the mouth.
 
order your  signed copy here
read jim donnelly’s review in tazio here
 


when wedge had the edge
gautam sen
when the 1968 paris motor show opened a surreal wedge-shaped sculpture of steel, glass, and layers of scaly metal astounded showgoers with its daring shape and extraordinary form. the alfa romeo carabo was an exercise in lateral thinking at just about every level. with headlamps covered by retractable slats and doors that opened, for the first time ever, with a scissor action, the carabo rewrote the rules of automobile design, kickstarting an avalanche of extreme wedge forms—a trend that remained in vogue for the best part of the next two decades. 
iconic examples like the alfa romeo carabo, ferrari modulo, lancia strato’s zero and the maserati boomerang, as well as series production cars such as the de tomaso pantera, lamborghini countach, and the lotus esprit, epitomized the wedge design ethos, captivating enthusiasts and shaping perceptions of automotive style for generations to come. their striking silhouettes became synonymous with speed, power, and innovation.

a definitive history of the cars from the wedge era, with more than 250 cars featured
personal quotes and experiences from six of the most important wedge designers

 
buy it now



 



 
 
 
 


the other side of the fence
bill warner
six decades of motorsport photography
 
the other side of the fence: six decades of motorsport photography is a collection ofmotorsport photographs spanning six decades shot by bill warner, founder andchairman of the amelia island concours d’elegance. from his home base injacksonville, he traveled the world photographing the drivers, cars, and racing actionfrom daytona to le mans including indy cars, world championship of makes, imsa,nascar, and formula 1. his images have graced the pages of road & track, sportscar graphic, the atlantic monthly, automobile year, car and driver, autoweek,automotor und sport (germany), classic and sports car, and thoroughbred andclassics (uk), and a host of other motoring publications from australia to easterneurope. he is the recipient of the sports car club of america’s (scca) photographer ofthe year and won recognition from the los angeles art directors and the creative artsyearbook. his work is on permanent display at the brumos collection and has been onfeatured at the petersen museum and the meadow brook concours d’elegance
 
order your signed copy here
 
 

delorean: the rise, fall, and second acts of the delorean motor company
matt stone
glory, scandal, downfall, fame, and rebirth—discover the dramatic story of the rebel auto industry titan behind the stainless-steel-bodied, gull-winged sports car we all know and love from back to the future.
the complete john z. delorean story, from gm boardrooms to gull-winged sports cars to back to the future and beyond!
 
order your signed copy here
read david bolt’s review here
 
 


haunted heart of los angeles
brian clune





beneath the teeming streets of california’s largest city lies a dark history of serial killers, riots and strange encounters. 
spirits are said to mingle with the tourists on olvera street, and there are rumors that a curse placed on griffith park still causes deaths to this day. do the victims of a massacre at union station still haunt the halls there, and does dodger stadium host the shades of the residents it displaced during its construction? even the old los angeles zoo is said to be a hotspot of animal apparitions reluctant to move on.
author and paranormal historian brian clune explores the spooky side of los angeles.





 
order your signed copy here
 
 


speed monarch
terry wright




this book includes comprehensive coverage of early american, australian, british, french, german and italian world’s motorcycle speed record attempts before world war 2.
when eric fernihough lost control of his motorcycle at over 170mph, he was the last british rider to have been the ‘world’s fastest’ on two wheels. an orphan, an adopted son, a public schoolboy, a cambridge graduate, an engineer, a noted tuner, a european motorcycle champion, a multiple brooklands race winner, ‘ferni’ was a motorcycling household name in the nineteen thirties. on a new road in far-away hungary, he rode to his death on 23 april 1938. his life story, which this new book tells, spanned more than thirty year’s of furious competition for the world’s absolute motorcycle speed record before world war 2.
 

buy it now

 




 
 
 
 


texas legend jim hall and his chaparrals
george levy
one of the greatest drivers of his generation, jim hall is even better known as an innovator. from tiny chaparral cars in midland, texas emerged a series of vehicles that changed the face of racing. his high-winged chaparral 2e can-am car and 2f world sportscar championship contender may be the most influential race vehicles of the 20th century. today, every formula 1 car uses net downforce, driver-adjustable wings, composite chassis, side-mounted radiators, semi-automatic gearboxes and advanced telemetry to optimize vehicle performance — all things chaparral pioneered in the mid-1960s.

first-ever book in which hall tells his own story.
the massive influence of his introduction of net downforce to racing, which is now incorporated into the design of every major type of four-wheel competition vehicle.
how hall shocked the world with innovative designs that won in every series in which they competed, including can-am, trans-am, the world sportscar championship, formula 5000, united states road racing championship, canadian sports car championship and the indianapolis 500.
how jim and john barnard created the chaparral 2k “yellow submarine” that won the indianapolis 500 and usac national championship, setting the template for the modern indy car.
the massive resistance jim faced from teams and sanctioning bodies intent on outlawing his legal but game-changing innovations. 
the connection to chevrolet and the crucial role chaparral cars played in the defense of gm during the corvair trials of the mid-1960s.
how hall became a national celebrity, with newsweek and sports illustrated covers, coca-cola commercials, and millions of “jim hall authorized” slot cars and model kits.
text based on the author’s extensive interviews with over 100 racing standouts, including jim and sandy hall, roger penske, jackie stewart, dan gurney, sam posey, brian redman, phil hill, al and bobby unser, bernie ecclestone, johnny rutherford, gordon murray, adrian newey, gil de ferran, mario andretti, bob lutz and tony southgate.
big, beautiful and packed with facts and anecdotes, the book is lavishly illustrated with period photographs by many of the world’s best motorsports photographers, including pete biro, bernard cahier, hal crocker, dave friedman, pete lyons, dan boyd, lionel birnbom and pulitzer prize winner bob jackson.

in texas legend, jim hall tells his story — his life, his cars, his relationship with chevrolet, his partnership with hap sharp, his battles with sanctioning body bureaucracies — for the first time to award-winning author george levy in this authorized biography.




 
buy it now
 




 
read david bolt’s review here
 
 

ascot chronicles
dave wolin




ascot chronicles features one hundred and thirty of the most significant figures in the history of ascot park, southern california’s iconic half mile dirt track. opened in 1957 and closed in 1990, ascot had everything in racing; sprint cars, stock cars, midgets, motorcycles, buggies and even evel knievel. the book, 465 pages, written in scrapbook style, contains biographies of drivers, workers and fans plus comments from those who were there. this is a don’t miss book for race fans from the author of ascot and riverside volume one and two .
 
order your signed copy here
 




 


the bruce kessler story
dean kirkland
attention motorsports enthusiasts, film buffs, and lovers of high-octane adventure! “full throttle: the life of bruce kessler” is the quintessential biography that takes you on an exhilarating ride through the extraordinary life of bruce kessler, a racing legend and hollywood visionary.
from hot-rodding in california to conquering iconic races like the 24 hours of le mans and the monaco grand prix, bruce kessler’s journey is a testament to his skill, determination, and innovative spirit. this book not only chronicles his thrilling exploits behind the wheel of legendary cars like ferraris, mustangs, and the revolutionary scarab, but also delves into the strategic brilliance and technological advancements that fueled his success.




 
order your signed copy here




 


the bill sadler story
john r. wright
this biography of bill sadler tells the story of an innovator who set the racing world astir with race cars of his own invention. progressing from a hillman minx convertible to one of the fastest race cars ever, to a piranha ground attack aircraft, bill sadler has worked and raced throughout the us and in area 51, a top-secret usaf facility in nevada.
sadler laid out the design of his first car in chalk on the floor of his shop in hamilton, ontario. he progressed to creating race cars, including the revolutionary formula libre, with its chevrolet v-8 engine behind the driver and an open-wheeled set up, that appalled the owners of listers, scarabs and other racing specials. his fertile mind produced the sadler mark v, this time with major sponsorship from comstock engineering inc.
after leaving racing in september 1961, bill returned to school and graduated from mit with a degree in electronic engineering. he worked in area 51 on advanced secret projects and later built various prototype aircraft.
bill returned to vintage racing in 2000 with his sadler mark iii and later his own sadler formula junior.
written with the full cooperation of bill sadler before he passed away in early 2022, this book contains never-before-seen photographs and rarely heard stories from a man whose talent, like an iceberg, lay nine tenths below the surface.




 
buy it now




 


nash-healey
john nikas
 
 
nash-healey – a grand alliance examines in exquisite and exacting detail the story behind america’s first postwar sports car and the unique anglo-american partnership between nash and healey that gave it life, which became an international triumvirate with the later involvement of famed italian coachbuilder pinin farina.
 




order your signed copy here




 

the rodder’s journal #86 is here

pat ganahl tribute
bare metal deuce coupe
track roadster history
mild custom chevy
3 covers!
order a cover here
order b cover here
order c cover here
 




 

 






 



 

 
 

mclaren formula 1
car by car
 
stuart codling
 





explore 60 thrilling years of mclaren formula 1 race cars in this handsome volume, complete with detailed specs, stunning photography, a foreword by twice world champion mika häkkinen,and the full competition record for every car.
mclaren has been a top formula 1 competitor and innovator since it fielded founder and driver bruce mclaren’s first car, the m2b, in 1966. just two years later, bruce scored the team’s first grand prix win. tragically, he was killed in 1970 while testing his can-am car at goodwood.
despite the heavy loss of its founder, mclaren carried on, scoring its first of twelve championships in 1974 with emerson fitipaldi. mclaren’s roster of f1 champions includes such greats as james hunt, niki lauda, ayrton senna, and modern master lewis hamilton



 







buy it now




 

 
 

hot rodding in the san fernando valley
 
tony baker
 
burbank road kings 
 





 
 
 
hot rodding in the san fernando valley, by tony baker, tells the story of the road kings of burbank car club, and how its members came to dominate the sport of drag racing in the early 1960’s.  with over 200 rare photographs, the book offers a look at the valley’s hot rod scene in the 1950’s, 60’s and 70’s as well as the colorful early days of drag racing.
 


 







order your signed copy here




 

 
 
raymond henri dietrich: automotive architect of the classic era & beyond
necah stewart furman





 





this biography of raymond h. dietrich, known as “the automotive architect of the classic era,” is not only an entertaining and well-researched societal history, telling the dietrich story within the context of the times from the turn-of-the century through the eight decades of his life, it is also replete with over 350 photographs of art on wheels—the elegant dietrich-designed classic cars of the 1920s and 1930s. car collectors and restorers will find the “cavalcade of dietrich designwork” chapter to be a treasure-trove of 78 archival-type automotive photographs tracing the development of dietrich’s extraordinary talent and innovations. historians and auto enthusiasts alike will appreciate how this handsomely illustrated book evokes a sense of time and place as the author skillfully transports the reader from one era to another in the life of a fascinating man who left such an impressive legacy of classic car design. this biography will interest both the general reader and the car collector. pulitzer nominee and prize-winning author of six books and many articles and reviews, necah stewart furman, ph.d., was selected by the dietrich family as his biographer. granted numerous hours of taped interviews, she was also given access to dietrich’s personal business and legal files, photographs, designs, and lithographs.
well-known automotive author richard burns carson employs his engaging literary style in writing the annotations for the photographs in the final chapter, while respected historian and coachwork specialist walter e. gosden lends his imprimatur with the foreword.

originally written by pulitzer prize nominee necah stewart furman, ph.d. and placed under copyright in 1961, this revised, comprehensive and entertaining biography of famous classic car designer raymond h. dietrich is an accurate record of his life and times based upon records and interviews unavailable to others.
over 400 photographs and documents, many never previously published.
traces the eight decades of the designer’s life and times revealing little known aspects of his career; his triumphs over tragedy.
contains almost eighty archival photographs with annotations by automotive author, richard burns carson.
includes a “back to the future” section of beautifully restored classics renovated by present-day owners with loving care and technical expertise, photographed by acclaimed photographer hugues vanhoolandt
automotive historians, car collectors, and those simply looking for a good read will appreciate how this handsome biography of raymond h. dietrich evokes a sense of time and place, and also manages to correct published misinformation in the process

 

hard cover with dust jacket

 




order your signed copy here




 
 
 

1962 weekend in monaco







dominique vincent 


the story of a race – a race in history
this book is part of a new collection of books that unveils « freeze-frames » from the great movie of motor racing history. its purpose is to explore a particular weekend, the choice of which depends above all on the authors’ ability to gather the most original and complete documentation possible: photos, plans, programs, drawings, period reports and testimonies.
english and french text
 









buy it now




 
1968 weekend in rouen
patrice moinet
july 1968 – the french grand prix succeeds the acf grand prix on the famous circuit of rouen-les essarts. the program is ambitious with the races of r8 gordini, formula france, f3 and f1. unpublished documents, testimonies, never released photos shed a new light on this race weekend mixed with joy and tears. hear the roar of the v12s and the blaze of the v8s, meet rindt, stewart, hill, brabham, ickx, rodriguez, beltoise or schlesser and let yourself be carried away by the story of this grand prix.
text in english and french
buy it now
 
 

ed pink






the old master 

the remarkable life and times of racing’s most versatile engine builder
ed pink’s gift for designing and building engines made him a motorsports icon. his handiwork has powered, among others, drag-racing superstars don prudhomme and tom mcewen, indy car legends al unser and tom sneva, sports car heroes bob wollek and brian redman, and usac champions tony stewart and kasey kahne.
but this is not a technical book. pink began his long-awaited autobiography with one goal: that it would be more about people than engines.
mission accomplished, yet again, for auto racing’s old master.





 




order your signed copy here


watch harold osmer’s review here
 


 
 
 


colin chapman the authorised biography
 
jabby crombac    william taylor 


 

this publication is a new book(s) about the life and legacy of the man behind lotus. colin chapman the biography is the official and definitive record of his achievements, a full and authoritative text and outstanding images which capture the extraordinary history of one of the world’s most iconic brands.
colin chapman: the authorised biography has been published by coterie press in collaboration with colin chapman’s son clive and classic team lotus, and the book is a fitting and personal tribute to the company’s first 75 years – being celebrated in 2023.
the book consists of two 264-page volumes presented in a hard slipcase. it draws upon three principal sources – the biographical record of chapman written by gerard ‘jabby’ crombac soon after colin’s death in 1982; the autobiography of fred bushell, finance director at lotus for many years; and a multitude of assorted period texts and additional new material written and gathered by author, photographer and publisher of many leading books about lotus history, william taylor.
in combination with more than 1500 images – many from the personal family albums maintained by colin’s wife and lotus co-founder hazel chapman – the text captures the extraordinary story of chapman’s many accomplishments and provides a fascinating insight into the man.
 



buy it now
 

 enzo ferrari the man and the machine
brock yates



the sweeping biography of the enigmatic racer and sports car mogul who built the ferrari brand—the inspiration for the major motion picture ferrari directed by michael mann—featuring a new foreword, epilogue, and photo insert
genius? tyrant? power broker? enzo ferrari is the impressively researched, fully detailed biography of one of the most powerful men of the twentieth century. brock yates penetrated ferrari’s inner circle and reveals everything, from his early days in the town of modena to his bizarre relationship with his illegitimate son; from his fanatic passion for speed to his brilliant marketing of the famous ferrari image; from his manipulative but enormously effective management tactics to his own frustrated dreams. fast, fun, and scandalous, enzo ferrari more than lives up to its remarkable subject.
 


buy it now
 

hipo 1964 1/2 
ford’s first high performance mustang
scott mcmullen






introducing “hipo 1964 1/2 ford’s first high performance mustang – history, identification, lore”. dive into the thrilling world of ford’s iconic 64 1/2 k code mustang with captivating stories and stunning visuals. a must-have for every auto enthusiast!
the authoritative guide to ford’s original street legal race-bred mustang and one of the world’s rarest collector cars, whose fascinating story is sure to entertain a wide range of automotive enthusiasts – not just mustang fans – covering history, early prototypes, development/testing, production, characteristics/parts, restoration/preservation, and much more. (hardcover, 347 pages, 157 photos/images both color and black & white.)  by scott mcmullen with foreword by jay leno.
“hipo 1964 ½ ford’s first high performance mustang” focuses on one of ford’s rarest production cars – rarer than the 1965-1966 shelby gt 350 and the only option for mustang performance buffs prior to august 1964. also known as hipos or k codes, most enthusiasts are aware of the 65-66 models, but little about the 64 ½ hipo mustangs, has been available. the 64 ½ cars were the original embodiment of the street legal race-bred mustang. their fascinating story is sure to entertain a wide range of automotive enthusiasts – not just mustang fans.
the book includes rare, and in some cases, never-before-published pictures of early high performance mustang prototypes and pre k code mustangs production cars. included are details of experimentation and production along with in-depth discussions of how research and development progressed through the start of 64 ½ k code production up to the start of 65 production. also explored is the lore of these classic muscle cars and the test drivers, like dan gurney, who helped wring them out.
this information is invaluable to the collector and automotive performance enthusiast alike. even the most knowledgeable mustang aficionado will find new information, some of which will challenge old notions and lore that has been told through generations of mustang fans the world over. the book goes on to present tips for preserving and restoring a 64 ½ hipo mustang. it further delves into characteristics of an authentic 64 ½ k code mustang along with how they changed through the few weeks in 1964 that these ultra rare cars were produced.
hardcover, 347 pages, 157 photos/images both color and black&white.




 


order your signed copy here 
 

 
 tales from the garage
rodney kemerer


rodney kemerer’s tales from the garage, designed with the look and feel of an automotive owner’s manual, is far more than just a “car book.” as car enthusiasts jay leno and wall street journal columnist dan neil have observed, rodney’s warm and personal tales resonate deeply because everyone has a car story to tell, even if the car is just a springboard for a memory of a certain person or a certain place or even a certain feeling. these thirty stories, originating as essays in a host of publications and now reformattedwith entirely new and colorful artwork, are filled with familiar moments that chronicle everything from finding just the right car for your wife (she wants a what? really? what’s wrong with her?), to an ancient st. christopher medal hiding at the back of a glove box, to a father’s deathbed pronouncement: “i should have bought cadillacs.”
author rodney kemerer understands that car stories can be the gateway to every aspect of our lives. his heartfelt book – half memoir, half the memories of others – is truly a pop culture snapshot of modern society told through the lens of the automobile. these tales might appear to be about cars, but they are also tales of an american life and the many objects that embody and reflect it. so pull up a chair and your favorite beverage as you meet a new friend who is happy to share his favorite tales from the garage.
 


order your signed copy here 
 

 
 bugatti and lotus thriller
romano artioli


the story of a boy with a big four-wheel dream.
there are men who fall in love with a dream when they are young and do everything they can to make it come true. romano artioli is an entrepreneur pursuing his desire to revive the world’s most prestigious automobile brand, bugatti. with passion and dedication, he achieves this goal. born in mantua, birthplace of nuvolari, the most famous race car driver of all time, romano opens his first auto service centre in bolzano at the age of eighteen, buys a hydraulic test bench and begins overhauling engines, immediately demonstrating great skill. 
 and he founds dealerships, imports cars and becomes president of the local automobile club. he understands the importance of going all out to meet the demands of his customers, who become his friends and help him sell cars.
 he convinces enzo ferrari to entrust him with management of the brand not only in the triveneto, but in southern germany as well.
 after amassing experience for years travelling the world, it’s time for him to make his boyhood dream come true: he charms the french government and arranges for the sale of the bugatti brand.
 then, having been abruptly prevented from selecting a powerful partner among the many who were interested in developing bugatti and ensuring its future as an independent brand, he acquires the crisis-ridden lotus group and rapidly restores it to its former grandeur.
there, he introduces new models with great success, such as the special lotus elise, named after romano’s young granddaughter.
 exploiting the unique untapped potential of his technicians, who work with passion and total commitment. in the mid-nineties, the bugatti eb 112 is named “the world’s most beautiful sedan”. 
but as in a classic thriller, just when everything seems to have turned out right comes the sneaky and unexpected twist that changes everything. with endless twists and turns and a long line of bankers’ traps, lawyers’ scams and ravenous businessmen, bugatti & lotus thriller tells the story of a great dream of genius and creativity that stirs passion in every petrolhead the world over.



buy it now 
 

alfa romeo prototipi 1948–1962
 patrick dasse


in times past, leading alfa romeo engineers were also great motorsports enthusiasts. although they were presumably fully occupied with development of the firm’s production cars, in the years between 1948 and 1962 they nevertheless managed to create some spectacular sports prototypes. many of these were created in close cooperation with outside firms.
stefano agazzi, former director of the automobilismo storico alfa romeo, and alessandro rigoni, who for years maintained the vehicles in the alfa romeo museum, permitted access to the cars in the museum and unreservedly shared their knowledge. dr. marco fazio, former director of the company archives, the automobilismo storico alfa romeo – centro documentazione, made available a variety of very interesting documents and informative photos showing many of the vehicles after they were damaged, often severely, in races or test sessions. the majority of the photographs presented in the book have not been previously released.
the book consists of two volumes,totaling 600 pages:
alfa romeo prototipi 1948–1962 – volume 1300 pages, 311 black and white photos and 28 colour photos
alfa romeo prototipi 1948–1962 – volume 2,300 pages, 302 black and white photos and 49 colour photos
size: 29 x 24,8 cm
weight: 3,2 kg
text in english and german


 
buy it now 
 
 

alfa romeo giulia tz
martin übelher  patrick dasse


alfa romeo giulia tz documentation and register by martin übelher and patrick dasse.
sixty years ago, in november 1963, alfa romeo’s giulia tz celebrated its competition debut in the tour de corse. the “tubolare zagato” – a reference to the tube frame chassis as well as the body designer – was to become one of the most successful models in the long list of race winners from alfa romeo.
the book consists of five volumes, totaling 1500 pages.
the first two volumes document in painstaking detail the development of the giulia tz and the racing history of the works cars:
giulia tz – volume one300 pages, 329 black and white photos, 53 colour photos, and one contemporary document
giulia tz – volume two300 pages, 318 black and white photos and 73 colour photos.
volumes 3, 4 and 5 contain a complete registry of all giulia tzs ever built, as well as the corresponding changes of ownership, registration numbers and race participation up to the end of homologation in 1974, insofar these can be attributed to individual cars. volume 5 also contains an appendix with various contemporary documents, including homologation forms as well as a technical bulletin covering race preparation.
giulia tz – volume three300 pages with 258 black and white photographs, 62 colour photographs and one contemporary document.
giulia tz – volume four300 pages, 214 black and white photos, 71 colour photos and four contemporary documents
giulia tz – volume five300 pages with 132 black and white photos, 40 colour photos and 133 contemporary documents.
dr. marco fazio, former director of the factory archives (the automobilismo storico alfa romeo – centro documentazione) allowed us to examine previously unreleased documents related to the giulia tz; their evaluation entailed several years of work. the majority of the photographs reproduced in the book have not been previously published.
size: 29 x 24,8 cm
weight: 8,2 kg
language: english – german
text in english and german


 
buy it now 
 
 

we were the ramchargers
inside drag racing’s legendary team
david rockwell



with over 200 new images, the new edition of we were the ramchargers is perfect for drag racing enthusiasts. this book takes readers behind the scenes with the group of chrysler engineers who, from the 1950s through the 1970s, became one of the most successful and influential drag racing teams of all time.
the only team of engineers from an automobile manufacturer to drag race successfully, the ramchargers broke the most time barriers in drag racing history and earned the most national hot rod association (nhra) super stock titles during the sport’s golden era of factory competition.
author dave rockwell, a ramcharger himself, interviewed more than 40 team members, competitors, and track operators for we were the ramchargers, making it the first and only book to provide inside details on all elements of the ramchargers story.
in addition to chronicling the races they won and legendary cars they developed (including the high and mighty, 426 hemi, and first funny car), rockwell opens corporate and personal files to take readers behind the doors at chrysler (showing, among other things, how the ramchargers helped pioneer the platform team concept), while revealing the personalities of the men who made it all happen.
 



buy it now
 

superbike: an illustrated early history
kevin cameron john owens



superbike: an illustrated early history,” written by kevin cameron with photography by john owens, grew in part from a black-and-white photo essay published 35 years ago in american motorcycle magazine cycle.
“the look of speed” featured owens’ thought-provoking images of yoshimura research and development of america founder hideo “pops” yoshimura and former magazine editor and 1977 daytona superbike race-winner cook neilson, among other tuners and riders.
the photos published in this book were taken at tracks that populated the american road-racing scene at that time: daytona international speedway, bryar motorsports park, laguna seca raceway, pocono international raceway and road america.
“the desire to go fast, brake, turn and accelerate isn’t that complicated,” cameron writes. yet this book clearly illustrates and uniquely explains the countless challenges that manufacturers, teams and riders faced attempting to accomplish those goals.
 



buy it now
 


le mans 100: a century at the world’s greatest endurance race
glen smale    tom kristensen 

marvel at 100 years of the 24 hours of le mans with the official illustrated history packed with photography, narrative, and race results.
held on the circuit de la sarthe comprising closed public roads and dedicated racecourse, le mans features cars and two-driver teams that can cover more than 3,000 miles during the race. le mans 100 is a thorough year-by-year history showcasing all aspects of the grueling contest, including:

 a slew of legendary marques and models, including porsche, ferrari, ford, corvette, cobra, mercedes-benz, aston martin, jaguar, audi, toyota, bmw, mclaren, and more 
 a who’s-who of motorsport legends like juan manuel fangio, stirling moss, carroll shelby, dan gurney, ken miles, jackie ickx, derek bell, and tom kristensen (among dozens others) 
 all the classes that ran in each year’s event, including the top lmp1 and lmp2 (le mans prototype) categories and gt (grand tourer)  
 a list of each year’s top three overall finishers 

in addition, author and award-winning le mans historian glen smale details touchstone events such as the late-1960s battles between ford and ferrari popularized in the film ford vs ferrari, and the 1955 tragedy that claimed the lives of more than 80 spectators.
the oldest active endurance race is intended to showcase mechanical reliability as much as driver skill and fortitude. this beautifully designed and extensively illustrated book celebrates those attributes, chronicling the exploits of both factory-sponsored cars and privateer entries, from the early open-cockpit racers right through to today’s hybrid era.
compiled by a meticulous author with a passion for motorsport, le mans 100 is the ultimate chronicle of a marquee race.
 


buy it now

 

epic drama
the winning collection of the indianapolis motor speedway museum
bill pack
epic drama: the winning collection of the indianapolis motor speedway museum is a stunning book that showcases the museum’s incredible collection of winning indianapolis 500 cars photographed by renowned photographer bill pack.
visually stunning with notes and stories about each vehicle and its driver, you’ll find yourself drawn to the imagery and captivated by the stories. from the styling, design, or nostalgic memories of one’s youth, seeing these historic race cars transports the viewer to a different time. 
this is the perfect addition to your coffee table or bookshelf. a great gift for the art lover or race fan. 
note: the design of the book features an exposed spine. it creates a tactile feel and quality to the book as well as allows the book to lay flat when it is opened.
 

buy it now

 


motocross
the golden era
david dewhurst
dive deep into the most exhilarating sport on the planet with the biggest motocross book ever published. read 480 pages about the bikes, the champions and the technology that made this sport great. see over 600 big images that bring the sport to life. hear the inside stories that bring the golden era alive.

 
order your signed copy here

 


ascot
dave wolin
the story of the iconic dirt track that defined southern california racing. it began in 1903 as a horse track, then as a one mile dirt track in l.a., then as new ascot raceway in east l.a. which became legion ascot and finally southern ascot in southgate.
then, los angeles speedway was built in 1957 on the site of a former landfill just south of gardena. the promoter got into financial difficulties and it became new ascot stadium and eventually just ascot. everyone raced there, sprint cars, stock cars, midgets, buggies and motorcycles. 90 indy 500 drivers raced there. names like a.j. foyt, rick mears and parnelli jones were regulars. it was said that “if you haven’t raced ascot, you haven’t raced”. read the book to see why it closed in 1990. written in scrapbook style, decade by decade, full of newspaper and magazine articles, photos and stories from those who were there.
399 pages – 8 1/2 x 11 – b&w.  comes with a dvd of all the photos and, newspaper / magazine articles in the book plus an assortment of videos.
 

order your signed copy here

 


driving force
automobiles and the new american city 1900-1930
darryl holter  stephen gee
driving force: automobiles and the new american city 1900-1930 explores the explosive growth of l.a.’s passion for cars, ignited by an unlikely and visionary mix of entrepreneurs. car dealers made the big difference, as they ventured into unknown territory. that “unknown territory” meant introducing the west coast to the concept of dealerships with service bays for on-site car repairs; dealers conceived the notion of “used cars,” those vehicles buyers “traded in” so they could buy a new one; and dealers made commonplace the idea of financing cars, an idea the scared the car makers in detroit until they saw the orders rolling in. steps that dealers took to make buying cars affordable, possible and—most of all—desirable were ingenious ideas born in los angeles, ideas that turned the new american city into the brain center of automobile sales in america. most importantly, car dealers were the early adopters who broadened the market and convinced the general public that cars were no longer simply a luxury, they were a modern necessity. and today, los angeles’s car culture has shaped the world’s preferences in automobiles.
driving force is the first major history of dealers at work, artfully told by darryl holter with stephen gee. and car collector extraordinaire jay leno has penned the foreword, concluding that “in driving force, darryl holter shows that auto retailers connected manufacturers to buyers, changing america and shaping the history, economy, and culture of los angeles.”
more than 150 vintage images complete this remarkable work.

order your signed copy here

 

air & water: rare porsches, 1956-2019
james lipman



discover some of the rarest and most desirable porsche sports cars ever produced!
throughout the history of the sports car, no marque has epitomized the excitement and passion of driving like porsche. the saratoga automobile museum, in collaboration with architect steven harris, presents 22 of the marque’s rarest air and water-cooled cars.
this remarkable collection highlights the manufacturer’s past seven decades of production — from 356 carreras and speedsters to high-performance rs 911s — all captured in sensational detail by renowned photographer james lipman.

showcases 22 of the rarest and most desirable porsche sports cars, from the 1956 carrera gt to the 2019 991.2 gt2rs, as well as several custom builds
more than 240 stunning images including exterior, interior, and engine-bay details by car and driver, motor trend, and top gear photographer james lipman.
includes driving impressions from automotive journalists jethro bovingdon of top gear, dickie meaden of evo magazine, and intercooler cofounder andrew frankel

the stunning imagery is accompanied by specifications and history as well as driving impressions from leading automotive writers richard meaden, john simister and others. air & water combines breathtaking imagery and words to transport the reader on a thrilling journey of being behind the wheel of these ultra-rare machines


 


buy it now

 
air & water (911 edition) : rare porsches, 1956-2019
the 911 edition is a special version of air & water for collectors, limited to just 911 individually numbered units. it features a unique cover with individually numbered metal plates, an art print of an image from the book, and an exclusive cloth-wrapped clamshell case. each copy of the 911 edition is protected by a custom-made individual mailing carton.
buy it now
 
 
 

24 hours of le mans
a century in posters
robert puyal



it’s a long time, a century! but what a wealth, this sum of moments. the 24 hours of le mans even subdivides, each year, its famous double clock tower into very small seconds and even down to tenths. a day of intense emotion, for a passionate public as much as for the drivers. the poster artists, designers, photographers and computer graphics artists called upon by the automobile club de l’ouest, founder, organizer and guardian of the event, have tried each year to represent or symbolize this magic, this snapshot of endurance. a collection that mixes precious artistic nuggets and simple commercial messages, but even those that were considered banal when they appeared are steeped in the spirit of the times and the art of the times. a carefully compiled collection of moments of speed, all the posters of the 24 hours of le mans between 1923 and 2022 are reproduced here.


text in french and english

 


buy it now

 

mario andretti
bernard asset
 

very few drivers enjoy such an immaculate image or have such charisma, and we are not even talking of his track record…
as a tribute to his f1 career, the book adopts the famous black and gold livery.
bernard asset once again gave us access to his lifework and together with him we have selected fantastic pictures of mario. they are matched with original testimonies that open the door to a more in-depth understanding of who mario andretti really is.
hardcover in slipcase
1000 numbered units only.
mario said it is the nicest book ever done about him
 
buy it now

 

bugatti the italian decade
gautam sen

when, in 1987, romano artioli and his high-profile associates – ferruccio lamborghini, paolo stanzani and jean-marc borel – decided to reincarnate bugatti, one of the most famous automotive marques of all time, they had in ferruccio lamborghini, paolo stanzani and design legend marcello gandini, three of the most prominent names in the italian supercar firmament, suggesting a bright future for the marque.
eight years later, artioli’s dream was over. bankruptcy was declared, the factory was closed, and the beautiful campus reduced to a ghost building. not even a decade had passed between the first germs of an idea and the end in 1995, yet there are enough ingredients for an exciting action-filled story: discord, rivalry, pride, power, money, prestige, stars, crises and a dramatic end.
what happened? why did it happen? bugatti: the italian decade answers all that and more.

400 pages
hard cover with dust jacket
219mm x 304mm (portrait format)
790 images



 
buy it now

 



search autobooks-aerobooks

search for:



subscribe to our mailing listsign up here to hear about new book releases, book signings, and more!





			email
							*







			first name
			
		






			last name
			
		










autobooks c. 1955




 







 



designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress 

























