tampa restaurants: find restaurant information and reviews in tampa by diningguide
homeaboutcontacttampa restaurantsmobile versionen españolwebsite directory list your restaurant (free) suggest a restaurant add url bookmark this page metroguide.network > diningguide > tampa home pagetampa restaurantsrestaurant posts“best italian food in wesley chapel”“we started with the simple idea of bringing the best from us to you. from our founder to …”posted by: 365 cafe“cravin' cajun seafood”“we are a seafood restaurant in lakeland fl. bringing you big and delicious flavors that w…”posted by: cravin' cajun seafood“o'brien's irish pub & grill”“located in brandon, florida, o'brien's irish pub & grill is a casual dining establishment…”posted by: o'brien's irish pub & grillrestaurants may post descriptions here without charge.reader reviews“good but not great”member, rick, miami - “first time here. in town for the weekend only and found th…”said about: becky jacks food shack“poor customer service”member, stan, st. petersburg - “while the food is wonderful and location good, un…”said about: cafe alma“just cold leftovers”non-member, reader - “they serve yesterday's food and don't even heat it through …”said about: uncle mike's smokehouse grillwe welcome readers to share opinions.by location » by type » restaurant events »(try keyword "dinner reservations" or a zip code)
welcome to metroguide.network's tampa - st. petersburg diningguide, a directory of restaurants and related restaurant information for metropolitan tampa - st. petersburg, florida.  use metroguide's diningguide service to find tampa - st. petersburg restaurants by location or cuisine.  for a tampa - st. petersburg dining overview, click here.


tampa bay's dining scene in tampa, clearwater, st. petersburg, and surrounding communities is among florida's most diverse, distinctive, and historic. from waterfront bistros specializing in fresh catch to spanish dishes served at family-owned eateries, there's unlimited potential for memorable meals. cuban bread with café con leche, spicy paella, black beans, and other ethnic specialties are readily available, as are savory pastas and vegetarian cuisine. marking its 100th anniversary in 2005, the sprawling icon columbia restaurant celebrated with a $6.5 million enhancement. for a half century, bern's in tampa has ranked among the nation's great steakhouses, more recently drawing crowds for trendier fare at its sister sidebern's. burger joints and pizza places thrive, too, and outdoor dining options are popping up all over, thanks to influence from european visitors eager to soak up florida sun. tampa got its big guava nickname when gavino gutierrez, an early pioneer tried without success to cultivate guavas commercially, in part because of rising land prices. even so, an area newspaper columnist decided if new york could be an apple, tampa could be the big guava. a latin-style halloween celebration called guavaween is staged each october in ybor city, a historic enclave rich in dining options along with tarpon springs, brimming with greek restaurants. many dining enclaves throughout tampa bay offer early-bird discount menus. 

diningguide tampa - st. petersburg is part of metroguide tampa - st. petersburg, 
offering guides to events, shopping, hotels, attractions and more for the entire region.

diningguide has additional sun coast and southwest florida restaurant information at diningguide naples, florida, diningguide sarasota - bradenton and diningguide ft. myers.

tampa - st. petersburg dining by location

to perform a quick search for restaurants in the metropolitan tampa - st. petersburg 
area, please select one of the locations below 
(restaurant listings will be grouped by cuisine / category):

·downtown tampa
restaurants located in the downtown area, just east of the airport, outside of the ybor city area 

·st. petersburg & beaches
dining options in st. petersburg and southern pinellas county, including the communities of gulfport and south pasadena, and the barrier islands on the gulf coast 

·tampa
restaurants within the city of tampa and north hillsborough county, outside of the downtown area 

·tampa south
dining options south of the city of tampa, including the communities of riverview, ruskin, gibsonton and others 

·tampa east
restaurants east of the city of tampa, including the communities of brandon, bartow, lakeland and others 

·clearwater
restaurants west of tampa, in clearwater and north pinellas county, including the neighboring communities of largo, dunedin, tarpon springs and others 

·clearwater beach
located on a barrier island west of clearwater in the gulf of mexico, clearwater beach dining options are a popular tourist destination 

·sarasota - bradenton metro
restaurants south of tampa bay in the sarasota - bradenton area 

·busch gardens
restaurants in the vicinity of the busch gardens theme park in north tampa. 

·ybor city area
dining options in the historic ybor city area of downtown tampa 

·northern communities
restaurants north of pinellas and hillsborough counties, in the communities of pasco, hernando and western citrus counties, including new port richey, spring hill, crystal river and others 

·tampa airport
dining options in the vicinity of the tampa international airport (tpa), west of downtown tampa 

tampa - st. petersburg dining by cuisine

or, select a cuisine / category from the list presented below (restaurant listings will be grouped by location).
americanamerican casualbarbequecaribbeancontinentaldelicatessengreekinternationalitalianjapanesemediterraneanseafoodsteak
to return to the diningguide tampa - st. petersburg home page during your search, follow the navigation links provided at the top of the pages.
« top of pageevents at tampa restaurants1st fridays - latin connexions hosted by latin times magazine, enjoy the soothing sounds of latin jazz and tropical music.  live en… nightlife - live music the lime 813-901-52921st fri moxie mixer market your business and meet new friends with south tampa's awesome moxie group.  don't forget to b… business - networking the grape (international plaza)3rd wed american aquarium alternative music performance… music - alternative rock skipper's smokehousemon 2/17/25 jon mclaughlin & eric hutchinson jazz / blues concert performance… music - jazz skipper's smokehousewed 1/22/25 tropical car nights all custom/show cars welcome.  best of show award for each car night. pollo tropical discounts and r… community pollo tropical1st wed open mic night features poetry, live music, and local performances… educational - poetry reading cafe heyevery thu « top of pageadjacent links:diningguide gainesvillediningguide orlandodiningguide sarasota - bradentonrelated links:diningguide daytona beachdiningguide florida keysdiningguide florida's space coastdiningguide florida's treasure coastdiningguide fort lauderdalediningguide fort myersdiningguide jacksonvillediningguide miamidiningguide naplesdiningguide palm beachesdiningguide panama citydiningguide pensacoladiningguide tallahasseeother links:vertical farm daynational ubi daymetroguide.network > diningguide > tampa home page« top of page | sitemap© 1996-2025metroguide, inc. | privacy policy | terms and conditionsdiningguide, diningguide.network, diningguide.community and diningguide tampa are service marks of metroguide.com, inc.to submit your restaurant, please use the: diningg.u.i.-de.to contact us at metroguide: click here.metroguideeventguideretailguidediningguidehotelguideattractionsportofcalldirectorymore locations...full map



tampa restaurants:our readers'3 smile favoritesarigato japanese steak housebellini restaurant & loungela maison gourmetblu figsthe view at ck's revolving rooftop restaurantthe castawayj. alexander'slauro ristorante italianoshepard's waterfront restaurantbella bravacaptain al's waterfront grill & barp.f. chang's china bistrooutback steakhousecarrabba's italian grillmaggiano's little italy


