








armoured guard security screens - protect & secure your property




































skip to content



1-877-372-7336

get a free quote

 







products

fixed security screensegress security screenscustodian security screenssafety screens

gallery
about
contact
 





window protection with style
security screens that blend seamlessly with your architecture
armoured guard security screens work around the clock to keep properties safe from vandalism, theft, insects, and more – perfect for high traffic, and secluded areas. our screens also offer fall protection around high risk openings.





protect & secure your property
with unmatched strength and durability, our screens are certified tough and ready to protect your property.

get a free quote







durability
constructed with aluminum and stainless steel to last. armoured guard provides a ten year warranty on all of our models.


safety
keeping your residents, students, and staff safe from unwanted intruders.


outward visibility
enjoy your surroundings with unhindered views to the outside.






featured products
our best-selling security and safety screens – customized to your exact measurements and colour preferences. 


fixed security screensmodel #1000our most popular security screen – this fixed security screen works tirelessly to prevent burglaries and break-ins. constructed with an aluminum frame and stainless-steel mesh.learn moreegress security screensmodel #1500egress security screen that can be opened from the inside – perfect for use as a secondary exit in case of emergency. constructed with an aluminum frame and stainless-steel mesh.learn moresafety screensmodel #900more than just your average fly screen. this safety screen offers enhanced durability and protection from the elements and intruders.constructed with an aluminum frame and stainless-steel wire mesh.learn morecustodian security screensmodel #1500 ccustodian security screen that can be opened from the outside – perfect for cleaning and custodial duties. constructed with an aluminum frame and stainless-steel mesh.learn more



recent projects
get a feel for how our security screens look on real buildings by checking out some of our recent projects. our scope of work has included jobs with mcmaster university, the toronto district school board, the detroit housing authority, to name a few.


model 1000 – fixed screen ivory frame with black mesh
model #1000 – fixed security screen silver frame with black mesh
model #1000 – fixed security screen on industrial building
model #1000 – security screen white frame with black mesh on residential building
model #1000 – fixed security screen with custom colour frame and black mesh
model #1000 – fixed security screen on school
model #1000 – fixed security screen on house
model #1000 – fixed security screen on school







contact information
1-877-372-7336dan@securityscreens.ca50 charterhouse crescentlondon, ontario n5w 5v5mon - fri; 9:00am to 5:00pm 


navigation
products

fixed security screens
egress security screens
custodian security screens
safety screens


gallery
about
contact
 


contact us for a free, no-obligation consultation.


contact us now

 



© 2022 all rights reserved. armoured guard security screens. website by modev
 
































































