




home | commonwealth of pennsylvania

















































skip to main content












official website


official website
of the commonwealth of pennsylvania




















translate




































services




agency directory




your government




the governor 


lt. governor 


legislation 


courts 


state house 


state senate 


attorney general 


auditor general 


treasurer 





visit pa




news














the .gov means it's official. 

local, state, and federal government websites often end in .gov. commonwealth of pennsylvania government websites and email systems use "pennsylvania.gov" or "pa.gov" at the end of the address. before sharing sensitive or personal information, make sure you're on an official state website. 
































welcome to pennsylvania

we're the home base of the commonwealth of pennsylvania. explore the services and resources offered by your government.









 



























pa service listing

need help finding services?

access pennsylvania services through our service listing, or search through our full list of agencies who can assist.





service listing





agency directory





 














featured services










file a pennsylvania income tax return
there are several options available to submit your pennsylvania personal income tax return for free.


file a pennsylvania income tax return










renew your vehicle registration
in most cases, your vehicle registration can be renewed online, in-person, or through the mail. 


vehicle registration renewal










apply for the supplemental nutrition assistance program
the supplemental nutrition assistance program (snap) provides monthly funds for families to purchase groceries.


supplemental nutrition assistance program










find grant funding
the commonwealth offers grants for many purposes. use the grants search tool to find funding opportunities for your needs.


grant search tool




















visit pennsylvania

plan a trip to the keystone state

from bustling historic cities to stunning parks, there's a reason why visitors of all ages return to pennsylvania. find your next adventure with visit pa.





visit pa by region





 





































						return to top
					











proudly founded in 1681 as a place of tolerance and freedom.








commonwealth of pennsylvania follow on facebook





commonwealth of pennsylvania follow on x





commonwealth of pennsylvania follow on instagram





commonwealth of pennsylvania follow on flickr





commonwealth of pennsylvania follow on linkedin











top services


register to vote


find a dmv


get a birth certificate


join the veterans registry


payback






pa.gov


careers & internships 


pennwatch


right-to-know law











copyright © 2025 commonwealth of pennsylvania. all rights reserved.





accessibility


privacy & disclaimers


translation disclaimer


security


social media policy & disclaimer





























