







three sticks golf club























































0








        skip to content
      





































open menu
close menu









































open menu
close menu







































 


    a welcoming golf experience & community for every level
  















    on the historic site of owen’s station in marion, ohio
  

 









 

three sticks golf club is a par 60 golf course with twelve par 3 holes, making it the perfect course for golfers of all ages and skill levels. eighteen holes wind through the countryside surrounded by beautiful forest and abundant wildlife. three sticks also offers a long and short game practice facility, instruction from lpga/pga golf professionals and a great place to gather after play.

 






            golf services
          










daily 9 & 18 hole roundsdriving range & putting/chipping greenjunior golf programs & instruction ladies golf programs & clinics9 & 18 hole golf leaguesprivate golf instructiongolf club regripping servicegolf shop merchandise








            food & beverage services
          










snack barcoffee, soda & sports drinksselect beer offerings








            community & event services
          










birthday partiesfarmer’s marketsfeatured food trucksholiday gatheringsmorning walking groups



















    meet our host golf professionals: spring 2024
  

 























            kelly hollister
          










march 2024kelly is from monroe, louisiana. she is retired from the us navy and now makes her home in phoenix, az. kelly had an outstanding amateur golf career. after winning state championships (in three different states!), she played on the navy golf team. after college, kelly went on to win the ewga national golf championship.kelly has worked in the golf industry for over 12 years including management positions at:union hills golf course (az)aguila golf course (az)the arizona women’s golf associationanchorage golf course (ak)bully pulpit golf course (nd)fun fact: kelly played on a junior college golf team for two years at 51 years old, qualifying for the njcaa national championship both years.





  























            sarah white
          










april 2024sarah is from grand rapids, michigan. she played  collegiate golf at texas state university and then began her dream of playing professional golf. sarah won her epson tour event debut on a sponsor’s invite. she is the current michigan open champion. sarah is #1 on the epson tour for longest driving distance—averaging 299 yards.get to know sarahhobby: working outif she wasn’t a professional player: she would pursue business managementfun fact: sarah played boys ice hockey for 15 years





















    contact us
  



our mission is to grow the game of golf throughout the greater columbus area by providing a safe, fun and dynamic environment for you to enjoy the game.










              name
              
                *




first name





last name





              email
              
                *





              phone
              
            



(###)





###





####





              message
              
                *







thank you!


















 

visitopen 7 days a week | 7 a.m. until dusk3594 gooding rd, marion oh 43302











 

contactgolfshop@threesticksgolfclub.com740.387.6114











