







hand exercise with gripstik wrist exerciser builds grip strength


















































toggle navigation
















home
using gripstik
faq
testimonials
order now
contact 
















can't hang on?
 gain hand strength with gripstik wrist exerciser
order now








unstable wrists?
strengthen your forearm, wrist,  and hand muscles by using gripstik 
order now






             third slide caption
            
wimpy handshake?
gripstik builds gripping power
order now






             fourth slide caption
            
slow swing?
increase your wrist acceleration with gripstik
order now


























gripstik hand exerciser in just four minutes a day...









1increases grip and forearm strength
2improves your hand strength, wrist stability, and grip power
3can reduce discomfort caused by repetitive motion
4ensures a proper warmup prior to any sports activity











5reduces stress
6tones and sculpts targeted muscles
7can reduce the onset of arm pump when used as a stretching aid prior to activity
8increases your motion and flexibility through specific hand exercises










serving peewees to the pros since 1998













testimonial of the month








gripstik has helped me increase the power in my forearms, hitting the ball harder, controlling my shots better and the ability to have longer training sessions without tiring my muscles, thereby allowing  me to raise my level of play.
gripstik me ha ayudado a incrementar la fuerza en mis antebrazos, pegar más fuerte a la pelota, controlar mis tiros y tener sesiones de entrenamiento más largas sin cansar mis músculos, por lo tanto me ha ayudado a elevar mi nivel de juego.
andree parrilla
2020 three wall racquetball pro singles world champion. current #4 ranking on the international racquetball tour




















quick links

home
using gripstik
faq
testimonials
order now
contact us



payment options 
100% money-back lifetime guarantee





contact us
have a question? fill out the contact form - we'd love to hear from you.

fill out a contact form









copyright © 2015 amility technology. all rights reserved. 





privacy policy










