






stockteam - surfing into huntington beach








    
	californiahome

											   hotels

		search hotels

		california hotels


		huntington beach hotels

huntington beach
huntington beachbars, music
dining
parks
shopping
houses, homes
schools
   beaches 
city beach
dog beach
bolsa chica state beach
huntington state beach
sunset beach
huntington beach pier
bike path
bonfires
surfing
california beaches
photos

photos
activities
events calendar
huntington beach events
concert events
disc golf
farmers market
museums
wetlands
churches
volunteering








 



						 


huntington beach, 
		
california 

		pictures & photos
bolsa chica beach 
dog beach 
huntington city beach 
hb parks
huntington state beach
catering & 
		concessions
firerings





parking 
bike paths

huntington beach pier
things to do 
adults 
		/kids
art 

bars, clubs 
bike, surf rentals 
birding
bird murals

hb parks



				events calendar  /calif.








					surfing into stockteam.com
 












california  beach news for california 
					vacations
 







							welcome to california! the 
						top vacation state in the u.s. invites you to explore 
						the natural surroundings that make california the 
						premier destination in the world. scenic vistas 
						overlooking catalina island rival the hawaiian islands, 
						and the semi-desert, mediterranean climate in california 
						is simply the finest in the world. 
							
















mountains, national parks, 
						nearly 300 california state beaches and parks and 1,000 
						miles of coastal beauty provide a lifetime of exploring. 
						tourist facts: 85% or more of tourists are californians, 
						themselves. why wouldn't you be a tourist in you own 
						land' there's so much to see & do, it's a natural to 
						make california the top choice for vacations. you can 
						see california's beauty in so many places and things 
						throughout the state and in the great events awaiting 
						for you to enjoy.
 


 



back at the beach and 
						cities like huntington beach you'll be transformed to a 
						place where beaches are the centerpiece for lifestyle. 
						casual, beautiful, relaxing, and always exciting, the 
						waves rush in and offer up rides for surfers, swimmers, 
						bodyboarders, kiteboarders, windsurfers and paddle 
						boarding. 
there are so many water sports to 
			enjoy, including sailing, but you can experience an active land-life 
			with skating, bicycling, jogging and many other activities. from 
			extreme sports to concerts and plays, the pleasures of a day are 
			brought to you courtesy of the people of huntington beach. visitors 
			and locals alike have contributed in making the journey an exciting 
			and interesting one to document and share. some days are amazingly 
			serene with a few seagulls scouting the shore for food. other days 
			such as the largest beach attendance day of the year, labor day, can 
			bring millions who gather at the sea for the summer's last hurrah. 
				
huntington 
							beach offers so many activities and things to see 
							and do so here are a few: 
						shopping includes 
							affordable gifts and hundreds of places within the 
							city and nearby. be sure to visit
						main street. huntington beach is orange county's 
	laid back southern california beach town. 

it 
			includes millions of grains of sand in huntington city beach, 
			huntington state beach, bolsa chica state 
	beach and dog beach. sports such as surfing, beach volleyball, bmx biking, 
	skateboarding, bicycling and roller blading are possible all year long at 
	the beach. live bands play free summer concerts at the beach and at bars and 
	restaurants every night across pacific coast highway on main street and 
	nearby.  

huntington beach is one of hundreds of
		california beaches, 
	and is an incorporated city of 
	approximately 200,000 residents. huntington beach pier, the longest 
	municipal concrete pier, sporting events such as surfing, skateboarding, 
	volleyball, frisbee golf, horseback riding and rolling blading.

summers in huntington beach are the busiest time of year 
					with annual events that include surfing, skateboard and bmx 
					competitions, a huge july 4th parade and a unique equestrian 
					competition that includes a musical derby. huntington beach 
					is made for those who love being outdoors; people come to 
					experience the waves, ride the skate parks and paths and lay 
					on the sandy beach. adults, children and teens love to sit 
					along main street, too, and dine on delicious foods while 
					watching the parade of swim suits, surf boards and traffic 
					pass through a five block stretch of shops and outdoor 

					cafes. it's a casual place where the only suit you'll need 
					is a swim suit or wet suit. leave the ties at home, because 
					even the finest restaurants in town do not require them. 
there are 
			18 lodging properties, two dog parks, approximately 70 public sports fields and 
	parks, excellent schools and beautiful sunsets at the beach. close to 
	several major airports, orange county airport, long beach airport and los 
	angeles international airport, huntington beach is also situated near 
	anaheim's disneyland, los angeles and san diego.
 




					 







						 

						 






© stockteam | california beaches and hotels |  contact us |  privacy policy    | 
site map

