




grnrngr.com

























grnrngr.com


power rangers toy guide
a guide listing every hasbro & bandai america power rangers toy ever released... and even some that weren’t.


power rangers monster guide
complete sentai-to-power rangers conversion tables as well as lists of every power rangers monster ever.


episode & mistake guides
the vital stats for each power rangers episode, as well as any production goofs that fans have caught.


giant robot guide
details and specs on all of the giant robos and combos from super sentai as well as their zord counterparts.


zyu2 footage guide
if it looks like zyuranger, but it’s not zyuranger, it might be a scene from the fan-favorite “zyu2” footage.


zyu1.5 footage guide
on the other hand, if it focuses primarily on rita and her cohorts, it might actually be “zyu1.5” footage.


sentai episode guide
listings of all twenty-four hundred plus episodes in the super sentai series over the past forty-five plus years.


today in power rangers history
journey down memory lane and find out what episodes aired on any given day in power rangers history.


card catalog
power rangers trading cards come in many different forms and you can track yours in the cardtracker.


revisiting power rangers
a shot-by-shot comparison between the original mighty morphin power rangers and the 2010 reversioning.


angel grove archives
check out some classic power rangers websites and informational guides from way back in the early days.


space sheriff shaider - blu-ray (off-site link)
now available for purchase on amazon.com!





lightningcollectors.com track your lightning collection! (off-site link) 

donate via paypal (off-site link) you can help cover web hosting costs by donating to grnrngr.com


mastodon



grnrngr.com is powered by the project inet database, currently containing 223,052 pieces of data.
qualifying purchases on third-party marketplaces linked to from the site may earn commissions for grnrngr.com.

contact grnrngr.com

© 2025 john “grnrngr” green

terms of use
legal disclaimer
privacy policy
cookie policy
accessibility statement








