





parks vineyard and trellising systems





your browser does not support inline frames or is currently configured not to display inline frames.



 



your browser does not support inline frames or is currently configured not to display inline frames.






   


a geospatial mapping services

&

 land development consulting company,



	specializing in:












1.) integrated  


land 

surveying, 
gis 
mapping 



and 
data 
technology 
services:
 
 
 

pvts, in conjunction with
 
jerry
miller land surveys, 
now offers complete land surveying, aerial photogrammetry and custom imaging 
services to the north bay growing counties and beyond

 



click here  
to download our tri-fold mailer brochure.
 

a.) typical land survey projects include:

· boundary surveys

· 
	elevation certificates
· terrestrial and aerial 
  gps control surveys
· topographic surveys
· wine cave surveys
· as-built facility 
  mapping and more.....


 


pvts continues to provide custom, high-precision 
(sub-centimeter level) mapping 
services to the civil engineering, land surveying, land development and agricultural industries. our products
integrate survey and 
engineering data  with as-built and operations data to provide 
precise, spatially linked gis database solutions for 
land use, facilities management and agricultural operations.

b.) typical pvts mapping projects include:



· 
vineyard design and development

· 
precision agriculture / prescription 
  mapping

· 
vineyard qc and production models

·
vineyard resource allocation and climate models


· 
environmental impact studies
· 
land use and planning analyses
· 
agricultural, industrial & 
				municipal facilities gis management
 

· 
aerial imagery and remote sensing

· 
2d and 3d surface modeling

· 
custom database development and gis solutions.


horizontally and vertically
precise to the centimeter level, pvts employs its own survey grade gps  and tps equipment to document land characteristics and create gis models. these models 
are frequently used at all stages of land and vineyard development as well as in 
the annual agricultural management process.


 

other services include management 
and marketing databases as they pertain to vineyard and winery 
operations. pvts also provides education and training 
in gps mapping and gis software methods.
 



click here  
to view our project portfolio.

 
 

new !
 





2.) providing gps and gis training and support to the   
land 
surveying, and 
gis  

mapping professions:
 
 
 

pvts is now offering training and education 
in gps and gis methods to individuals, professionals and industry. since january 
2007, reg parks, pvts principal, has developed and delivered gps and gis 
education and training as an adjunct instructor at both napa valley college and 
santa rosa junior college as well as for municipalities and industry.
 

now, pvts takes that education and training experience on 
the road to you, the client.
 

call and inquire how we may provide personalized training in 
hardware and software methods at your jobsite, in your vineyard, at your firm or at your home 
office. pvts will also conduct individual training at our napa offices by appointment only.
 

for more information, please 


click here
 
 


 3.) 
 
vineyard development 
and 
land  
development





 consultation
services:


 


formerly known as parks vineyard and trellising systems (pvts), after ten (10) 
years of custom vineyard installations in difficult terrain, we  discontinued the vineyard development and agricultural construction division of 
the business.
drawing upon those ten (10) years of experience, pvts continues to collaborate with local land
surveyors, engineering firms, vineyard managers, soil scientists and crop consultants 
on various development projects. pvts 
still specializes in providing gis project mapping services to production and custom 
vineyard development projects of all sizes.   

 


since 2003, by design, our vineyard 
development services are restricted to project management, gis analysis for 
project management, and independent development consultation.  

 


note: we no longer 
provide direct agricultural construction or land development services. pvts does 
not resell vineyard products or materials.  






 


your browser does not support inline frames or is currently configured not to display inline frames.
 

