






pasadena moving and storage – professional movers based in pasadena, california
























pasadenamoving.comhome page
about us
residential moves
business moves
storage
moving tips
about atlas
 

pasadena moving and storage has been moving families and businesses in the los angeles area for over 50 years. our expert staff can help you plan your move inside california or around the country. our professional movers and packers will make sure your things arrive at your new home safe and on time!

get a free estimate! click here or call us at 1-626-793-4442

residential moves - local and long distance
whether you’re moving across the street or across the country, let pasadena moving and storage show you the way to a "stress-free" move. you can depend on quality service that’s unsurpassed in the moving industry. click here

business and office relocation
relocating an office with as little disruption as possible requires special planning and meticulous attention to detail. pasadena moving and storage has the resources and experience to move your facilities with minimum disruption and cost. our business is to make sure that your business gets picked up, transported and back to work as fast as possible. click here

short and long term storage
we specialize in off-site record storage for your business. an attractive alternative to wasting office space, spending money on clerical support, and the risk of losing vital documents. your files are carefully catalogued, shelved, and organized by computer to allow immediate access when required. click here

moving tips
are you thinking about moving, but not quite sure how to go about it? here are a few tips and frequently asked questions that will help your move be as hassle-free as possible!! click here

about us
since 1968, pasadena moving and storage has been handling the needs of families and businesses like yours. before your next move, consider the safety and security that a professional company that has been in business over 50 years can provide. click here
 




 










 privacy policy

about atlas - atlas van lines, inc.  u.s. dot no. 125550 -            
cal. p.u.c. t-170377 - tm & © 2023 awgi llc




privacy policy

return to top of pagecopyright © 2025 · news child theme on genesis framework · wordpress · log in




