



australian escapes | holiday & travel club






















































































contact_supportcall to start your dream trip today!
1800 669 579[+61 (0)7 3040 6697]



get first class service and genuine savings with australia's premier travel club est. 2002.













show/hide main menu  ≡


home 
special packages 
member area 
booking enquiry 
contact us 
about us 
faq 
careers 






new & recent releases...

tours|travel




11 days luxury tasmanian escape $2,879pp



11 days christmas & cocos islands $3,449pp



14 days new zealand delights cruise $3,699pp



7 days norfolk island discovery $1,779pp







8 days cook islands getaway $1,799pp



10 days iceland ring road adventure $5,299pp



12 days seine river cruise with amsterdam $5,399pp



10 days wonders of bali $1,799pp








holiday planning, start here...
search packagesbooking enquiry
all packages are "travel templates" to use as a great starting point... 
view all featured | destination directory




we specialise in discounted custom travel plans and holiday packages...

introduction
getaway cash travel credits
exclusive travel benefits
world-wide savings guarantee
competitor price beater 








save up to 40% off australian and overseas travel... join free today









current member
member login




not yet a member
join free today











contact details
send us an email 






booking enquiry 












new member introduction (start here)
the 4 ways we can benefit you 

about joining australian escapes
company history 






getaway cash travel credits
exclusive travel benefits
world-wide savings guarantee
hotel and resort standards 






fully guided & self-guided tours
booking conditions
border-proof travel guarantee
privacy policy 



















new to australian escapes?
start with our featured packages. see tour and travel package examples.






my resort vouchers
sign-in
lock in heavy resort discounts... find a bargain resort






find a bargain holiday
browse many example tour, travel and resort packages.
search 





sign up for free trial membership
includes free travel credits. easy, no-obligation.
register 















previous 
play 
next 





➲ news
click the right arrow to scroll through news items


➲ exceptional value!
check out the new supreme-value multi-day trips. really affordable, perfect for groups but entirely suited to couples as well.


➲ welcome to probus members!
you'll never pay full price for a group trip again. submit an enquiry today for your next group trip and take advantage of your branch membership.


➲ where would you like to get away to?
let us know where you're interested in going and we'll build a travel plan for you and save you a heap of money.


➲ new resort deals: my resort vouchers
find a great resort deal within driving distance.








genuine savings off full retail value.
new to australian escapes? start with our new member introduction...


read more




getaway cash 







our mission:
make sure you are so happy with our service, your holiday and the value received that you are willing to give us a 5-star review on product review and google. 
getaway cash travel credits represent and measure the value you receive as a member. for example, they pay for the time we put into planning, booking, and organizing your holidays as well as documentation and administration, arranging travel insurance and so on. normally, if you organize a trip through a traditional travel agency you would pay a 20 to 40% premium for their services. 
your gcash credits can also be used towards things like accommodation, airport transfers, activities and tours wherever possible. the overall advantage to you is you pay an average of 25% less than full retail; potentially as much as 40% less. we back this up with our 15% world-wide savings guarantee as our assurance of value.
the real value to you of course is we take care of all the details so you can just relax and enjoy your holiday knowing everything has been handled professionally for you. 
here's how your travel credits are applied...
when we plan a holiday for you, we work out how much gcash travel credits can be applied towards the total price, including any travel services involved. the amount you pay is reduced accordingly by deducting travel credits from your membership account.

example travel package
full retail value (including professional agency services): $3,900
  less getaway cash travel credits: $975
  amount you pay: $2,925
maximum gcash usage: up to 40% of full retail value. the average is around 25%.
"full retail value" (aka. "normal retail price") is the price of either (a) a competing travel quote or (b) what we estimate you would pay for your customised travel plan through another travel company offering similar inclusions and services, or (c) the non-member price of a pre-packaged itinerary. the amount of getaway cash that can be used is entirely at our discretion. standard price and full retail value comparisons are with similar packages offered elsewhere or what we estimate would be payable by a non-member for the same or similar package and may include a value we define for specialty travel agency services.
more information...


accommodation
we often receive requests to price accommodation at a member's preferred or selected hotel or resort.
we have access to member rates at thousands of properties world-wide. however, we do not have access to member rates at every property in australia or the rest of the world. 
therefore it is essential that you are flexible in regard to the property if you want us to submit a proposal. if you are not flexible, and we do not have access to member rates at your specific property, we will not be able to use gcash credits towards the booking price and we will not supply pricing.
on the other hand, if you are flexible, we will usually be able to find a great value property that will suit you.
getaway cash travel credits are applied towards the price on the same basis that is used for travel packages.

terms & conditions
the following terms and conditions apply to the use of getaway cash discount travel credits (also called "gcash") and are subject to change without notice. by purchasing or agreeing to proceed with a travel or accommodation package, making a travel and/or accommodation enquiry or booking with travel directions pty ltd ("australian escapes") and/or engaging the services of australian escapes in any other way you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions as well as our standard booking conditions and any reasonable amendments.
purpose of gcash
the getaway cash (gcash) travel credits system is a method of obtaining and measuring the value of travel services and savings offered by australian escapes.
redemption
gcash credits may only be used for the purposes we describe in member information and cannot be redeemed for cash, goods or services except as we specify. you can use your gcash credits towards the following types of travel:

domestic and international travel packages. example packages are advertised on the website. 
  customised domestic travel plans that include flights and at least 3 nights' accommodation. 
  customised international travel plans that include flights and at least 7 nights' accommodation. 
  international cruise packages including cruise(s), flights and at least 3 nights' pre/post-cruise accommodation. 
  accommodation-only bookings (australia and international) where we have access to member rates*. 

the following booking types do not qualify:

domestic and international cruise-only bookings. 
  flight-only bookings. 
  activities, car hire, cruise and tour excursions except where part of a larger package. 

* it is important to understand that we have access to member rates at hundreds of properties in australia and thousands world-wide. but we do not have access to member rates at every property. see "can i find a resort/hotel and you will discount it with gcash" in the website faq's....
limits
gcash may be used towards accommodation and travel up to a limit set by us on a case-by-case basis according to the normal retail price of the package. each time you make a booking we use gcash travel credits from your account towards your holiday. the amount used is based on the amount of retail margin in the package. getaway cash cannot be used to get a free holiday.
full retail value
"full retail value", also referred to as "normal retail price", is the price of either (a) a competing travel quote or (b) the retail price we estimate that you would pay for your customised travel plan through another travel company offering the same level of service, or (c) the non-member price of a pre-packaged itinerary. the amount of getaway cash that can be used is entirely at our discretion. 
interest credits
(applies to platinum membership and above.) you must remain a member of australian escapes holiday & club (travel directions pty ltd) to accumulate interest credits on the balance of your getaway cash account and to be entitled to other benefits offered to members. "interest" is paid in the form of getaway cash travel credits and is calculated at 10% of the remaining value guarantee balance. a maximum of 2,000 interest credits can be earned.





free travel chat offer: find out what we can do for you. book a free consultation today.
book a free 10-minute travel chat


world-wide savings guarantee





we guarantee to beat any competitor accommodation-only quote or travel package price or value by a minimum of 15%. world-wide savings guarantee...


register for free trial


join free today


no obligation, free trial. discover the travel club advantage. join any time from $11 per month.






savings guarantee terms & conditions 







world-wide savings guarantee
we guarantee to beat any competitor accommodation-only quote or travel package price or value by a minimum of 15% ("price-beat") on the following conditions: 
note: by requesting a price-beat you are under no obligation to place a booking with us or proceed with the final travel package as the case may be. a non-refundable deposit is required in the case of a tour/travel package price-beat (see below).
terms & conditions
the following terms and conditions apply to travel plans and accommodation quotes requested from and supplied by travel directions pty. ltd. trading as global escapes travel, australian escapes holiday & travel club (australian escapes) and kiwi escapes (the company) and are subject to change without notice. these conditions are to be read in conjunction with our standard booking conditions and conditions applicable to australian escapes holiday & travel club membership as defined in website faqs.
1. accommodation-only
there are two main scenarios:
(1) you request a price-beat on a specific property. our objective is to provide at least 15% more total value or a price that is 15% lower than a competitor quote supplied to us for the same accommodation property, on the same conditions and with the same inclusions, provided we have access to member rates at the property and be able to book it through our normal supplier channels.
if we do not have access to member rates that property we will offer an alternative that is of the same or higher standard, as per our hotel rating system and that meets the stated requirements, subject to availability, and subject to the following:

any price supplied is an estimate only and is subject to our standard booking conditions.
the price beat and inclusion details will be confirmed in a travel  plan.

(2) we propose a property with member pricing: if the "you pay" price we submit is already discounted using gcash travel credits and the lowest available price at the time it was submitted, it does not qualify. otherwise our objective is to provide at least 15% more total value or a price that is 15% lower than a competitor quote supplied to us for the same accommodation property, on the same conditions and with the same inclusions.
a price-beat will be deemed successful and this guarantee is therefore met when the applicable objective is achieved.
2. travel & tour packages
inclusions in travel and tour packages assembled by competitor travel agents, tour companies, wholesalers, online travel promoters ("competitors") will all be different in some way. packages will typically vary by inclusions, validity, suppliers, component type, standard, terms and conditions, travel date, etc ("package components"). 
our objective in this type of price-beat situation is to assemble a package containing similar and/or higher value package components to that which you present to us. we guarantee to offer at least 15% more total value (through added value) or a price that is 15% lower than the competitor quote ("successful price-beat") subject to the following:

any package components or prices that are exclusive to specific suppliers or competitors to which we do not have access will not be included. 
alternative supplier products of a substantially similar type and standard may be included. 
accommodation may be in a different but similar location.
the price-beat may be based on alternative travel and departure dates.
this guarantee does not apply to flight-only or cruise-only bookings. the booking type must qualify for getaway cash travel credits usage (refer to website faqs). 
added value may include travel services supplied by the company.
added value may be treated as a price deduction for the purposes of the price-beat.
any price supplied is an estimate only.
the price beat and inclusion details will be confirmed in a travel  plan.

a price-beat will be deemed successful and this guarantee is therefore met when the above objective is achieved. 
3. general conditions
the price-beat must be requested before you place a booking with any other travel agent, online booking agent or property direct in relation to the subject accommodation or package. 
a price-beat may be requested by providing clear, written evidence of the competitor quote as well as your requirements to an employee of the company who performs a reservations or travel consultant role ("company contact") as follows:

evidence regarding an accommodation-only price-beat may be supplied by phone or email stating the name of the property and room type, where you saw the price (on what website, in what publication etc.) 
  evidence regarding a tour or travel package must be provided to us in the form of a written quotation by the competitor travel agent, sent/forwarded via email to your company contact, or to admin@australianescapes.com.au. enter your name as the email subject line.
  alternatively, upload the quote (pdf or word doc) via the competitor price beater page.
  it must be a  formal quotation, not an advertisement, website page or website-generated pricing.
your exact booking requirements including travel/booking date range(s), number and age of travellers and special requirements if any.
the price-beat request and any subsequent travel plan and/or booking is subject to our standard booking conditions.

a competitor quote presented under this guarantee must be genuine (not contrived) and must be a final, fixed price, backed by verifiable evidence. a competitor quote that we determine is not genuine or final is excluded. the requested date range(s) for travel/tour commencement as well as for individual package components must be realistic and flexible.
5. travel/tour package deposit guarantee
this condition applies to travel/tour packages only. we require up to $900 deposit per person (amount depending on package complexity) as a guarantee that you will proceed with the travel plan after we are successful with the price/value beat. this requirement exists because of the amount of travel consultant time required to price according to a competitor quote. 

the deposit amount will be deducted from the price if you proceed. 
the deposit amount will be refunded in the event that the proposed travel dates are not within the requested date range(s).
subject to 5.2, if you do not proceed, the deposit amount will be forfeited.

5. membership to be current
your australian escapes holiday & travel club membership must be gold level or above and active and paid up at the time of requesting the price beat.





"the world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page." - augustine of hippo






















holiday finder/search 





main destination




start typing to get suggestions. or enter a word such as "outback" (without the quotes). click "search" button below to continue.



professional service option








request agent call


our friendly, professional travel consultants will be happy to help. free call 1800 669 579.














current member
login to your account to get started.
member login



news & articles
view all
here's a useful travel idea
why use a travel agent






paradise better than the maldives

8 days cook islands getaway from $2,873 $1,799pp
includes airfares, essential 8-day car rental, and 7 nights in rarotonga with your choice of silver or gold standard accommodation. enjoy a glass bottom boat tour with snorkeling and bbq lunch, an exciting turtle tour, and gourmet dinner at a top beach-front restaurant. whether you're into diving in crystal-clear waters, the freshest savoring polynesian cuisine, or relaxing on a pristine beach, this package offers the ultimate escape to paradise. save up to 35% off full retail value.

enquire





iceland self-guided nordic adventure

10 days iceland ring road adventure from $8,215 $5,299pp
includes airfares, 10 days car rental and 10 nights along iceland's iconic ring road. unwind at the soothing mývatn nature baths and experience our recommended experiences, from the architectural beauty of hallgrímskirkja church to the breathtaking seljalandsfoss waterfall, the stunning fjaðrárgljúfur canyon, and more. embark on a journey that allows you to fully experience the magic of iceland’s landscapes. experience iceland’s magic and save up to 34% off full retail value.

enquire









can't see what you want? not sure where to start?
submit a booking enquiry. let us find you the best holiday experience at the lowest possible price.
booking enquiry


these featured packages are just examples.
head to our search page and see what else is on offer...
search all packages
view all featured





more travel more value

12 days seine river cruise with amsterdam from $6,921 $5,399pp
this package includes airfares, 2 nights in amsterdam, 1 night in bruges, and 7 nights on a wondrous 8-day seine river cruise. choose from exciting optional excursions, including visits to the gardens and château of versailles, the claude monet foundation in giverny, the côte fleurie, and more. enjoy all inclusive meals—along with the services of a cruise director, activities host, and knowledgeable local guides throughout your journey. just pack your sense of adventure and enjoy the journey! save up to 22% after membership benefits.

enquire





top value bali experience

10 days wonders of bali from $2,789 $1,799pp
includes all airfares, airport and hotel transfers, 5 nights in seminyak, 4 nights in ubud, seafood dinner in jimbaran beach, all-inclusive private nusa penida island tour, special australian escapes package featuring meals, cocktails and spa treatment. plus, optional tours to bali’s iconic temples. stunning landscapes and pristine beaches await! save up to 32% off full retail value.

enquire










australian escapes self-guided and fully-guided tours provide exceptional value...
they are also carefully designed to maximise your holiday experience. choose from self-guided trips for singles, couples and small groups as well as "group-guided" charters for larger groups. or join a departure on a fully-guided tour. our packages include all transport, accommodation, immersive activities and more. australia and new zealand tours are available at great member prices.





the main benefit to you and the real joy of touring and travel comes from the new places you experience as well as the people you meet and friendships you form along the way. learn more about australian escapes tours and enquire today. read more here...










featured tours: save up to 40% off full retail value.
every tour package is a "template" that can be customised to suit all group sizes and interests. submit a booking enquiry and we'll start a discussion about options to suit your group and budget.



luxury see tasmania with the best inclusions

11 days luxury tasmanian escape from $4,317 $2,979pp
from the rolling plains and tranquil beaches of tasmania’s east to the rainforest and mountains flanking the west, this itinerary will leave you enchanted. you'll circle around tasmania, starting and ending your journey in hobart and seeing the most memorable places in between. this is a casual, no-rush destination and you have plenty of time to enjoy it all. save up to 28% off full retail value.

enquire





remarkable australian islands

11 days christmas & cocos islands from $4,999 $3,549pp
the indian ocean north-west of perth is home to the australian territories of christmas island and cocos (keeling) islands. both are unique in their offerings and characteristics, with prolific marine and wildlife. island hop between these extraordinary locations on an unforgettable 11-day adventure. white sands, crystal clear waters, and an abundance of wildlife awaits. save up to 29% off full retail value.

enquire





best nz cruise south & north island cruise

14 days new zealand delights cruise from $5,210 $3,699pp
new zealand is known for maori culture, lush landscapes made famous by the lord of the rings films, and dramatic glacial mountain peaks. cruise to the world heritage-listed fiordland national park, home to milford sound. discover the unique character of both islands including wellington, auckland and christchurch. marvel at the architecture of napier and dunedin, and enjoy even more of this spectacular country in comfort. save up to 29% off full retail value.

enquire









these featured packages are just examples.
head to our search page and see what else is on offer...
search all packages
view featured


we design each tour to suit your interests.
everything is flexible and many alternatives are available. submit a booking enquiry. we'll have a chat, discuss some options and come back to you with ideas that will delight you and your group.
booking enquiry





relaxing paradise awaits

7 days norfolk island discovery from $2,847 $1,879pp
experience the culture and soak up the history of norfolk island, with its friendly locals, unique language still used, and curious beginnings, on this wonderful short break. there are multiple ways to enjoy this fabulous island and its history. included are entertaining tours and shows and countless themed dinners. the experiences and memories you will create after 7 days on this beautiful island will be unforgettable. save up to 34% off full retail value.

enquire





slice of paradise tropical island resort

12 days plantation island relaxation from $4,369 $2,709pp
picture this. plantation island resort fiji embraces its lush 23 acres of tropical landscaped gardens and coconut palms, and kilometres of white, sandy beaches, some of which fronts a gorgeous, sheltered lagoon… exactly the type of setting dreamy fiji holidays are made of! arrive, kick back and relax while you experience the warmth of the sun-kissed sand, the cool of the crystal-clear water, and the friendliness of resort staff who promise to make your holiday memorable. save up to 38% off full retail value

enquire











example packages presented here show the massive savings achievable with your membership.
we can customize an itinerary just for you. request your travel plan and pricing today. let us turn your dreams into reality.
build my travel plan






















find packages
every package is a template, a starting point. submit a booking enquiry and tell us what you would like to add or change. we're 100% flexible...



searchstart a search


featured packages


destination directory



what we can do for you
we're your agent to the world. we save you money and make travel planning easy...

best value guaranteed (we beat all the majors) 
          professional, experienced agents 
          steamlined communication 
          simple, smooth process 
          save with your travel club membership 
          highest quality accommodation 
          we take care of all the detials 

visit us at facebook
australian escapes holiday & travel club




learn about us
australian escapes holiday & travel club gives you enormous advantages over booking travel yourself or with traditional travel agents...



why book with us


guaranteed best value


about membership


claiming travel savings


exclusive benefits


accommodation standards



not yet a member? ask about the one-year $99 gold starter membership when you talk to one of our travel consultants.
product review ratings







book a trip
we will produce a complete travel plan for you that will give you the best possible travel experience and value for money...



contact_supportbooking enquiry


general travel


cruises


holiday accommodation


booking conditions


contact us
freecall (from within australia): 1800 669 579
phone: [+61 (0)7 3040 6697] (brisbane, australia)
emailthe best way: email/contact us
all emails go into our ems (enquiry management system) and are handled efficiently. 
          live chat is available during business hours: monday to friday 9.30am to 5.30pm.
share on facebook






©2025 travel directions pty ltd - level 19, 10 eagle street, brisbane, qld 4000 australia
support_agentwithin australia 1800 669 579 int: +61 (0)7 3040 6697 emailadmin@australianescapes.com.au [contact form]  
privacy policy|careers











show more... 



close

how to choose the right travel insurance for your needs
there are many travel insurance companies and they all offer different levels and types of cover. the wording can be confusing and comparisons are difficult. we show you exactly how to easily compare travel insurance policies so you get the cover you need. subscribe now to receive this free information sheet.















