


alexis's ark







alexis's ark



welcome
october 13, 1996 @ 12:07 pm.filed under general
i am alexis leon and this is my home page. i am an industrial engineer, but after practicing industrial engineering for nearly two years (at pond's india ltd.), i switched to the software profession. i joined tata consultancy services (tcs) and was working in the mainframe environment for nearly 3 years. then i had an accident, which resulted in spinal cord injury and paralysis from chest down. my mobility is restricted and i use a wheelchair for my ambulation. after the accident i rejoined tcs and worked there for another year. then i co-founded a company along with two others and was the technical director for a year. after one year i quit that company.
in 1997, along with my brother, i founded l & l consultancy services pvt. ltd., an organization providing technical consultancy in the areas of web site design and development, software procedures, software quality assurance, mainframe and client/server solutions, software training, etc.
since my mobility and hence the social activities were restricted, i turned to writing. i have written books on subjects like cics, db2, oracle, powerbuilder, career guidance, internet, y2k problem, sql, erp, business computing, microsoft office, e-business, software configuration management, etc. i also do technical evaluation of the candidates for a few companies in the us and in india.
my main hobbies are reading and listening to music. i read all kinds of books—classics, fiction, cartoons, business, management, computing, philosophy and so on. in music, i listen to old hindi and malayalam movie songs, carnatic, hindustani and western classical music. i love listening to violin concerts especially by kunnakudi vidyanathan and lalgudi jayaraman. i also find time to improve my mental agility and skill inventory (i call it cerebral calisthenics) by solving puzzles, increasing my vocabulary and learning new things and new subjects—constant learning and continuous improvement.
this site also contains my weblog—reflections of a survivor. i will post my views on life, my opinions about various events and things, and other information that i wish to share with you. i hope you will find it interesting and informative. you can post your comments and suggestions.
this site is still not finished, in the sense that it will be growing and evolving. i will be posting my new articles and information about my new books here.
hope you enjoy the visit :-)
with warm personal regards,
alexis leon


menu
home
resume
books
articles
reviews
in the news
my story
weblog


© 1996 alexis leon.all rights reserved.



 






 



