













kansas society dar



























kansas society daughters of the american revolution





home
history
juniors
activities
kansas chapel
chapters
scholarships
contact
members









why dar?

            rebecca kline                 ksdar state regent

to learn more about today’s national society daughters of the american revolution (nsdar or dar), please visit our national website.
to accomplish this mission, dar members volunteer more than 60,000 hours annually to veteran patients, award over $150,000 in scholarships and financial aid each year to students, and support schools for the underprivileged with annual donations exceeding one million dollars.
dar has members in 3,000 chapters across the united states and internationally. any woman 18 years or older, regardless of race, religion, or ethnic background, who can prove lineal descent from a patriot of the american revolutionary war, is eligible for membership.
dar in kansas
kansas dar is comprised of a group of active women, from all walks of life, who cherish their heritage and enthusiastically support the mission of dar through state, chapter, and individual activities.
the kline administration theme is “a legacy of liberty”.  in recognition of our patriot ancestors who achieved american independence, the a legacy of liberty administration is pleased to have a torch as its symbol. this torch, an enduring symbol of strength, also represents kansas daughters by intertwining sunflowers.  the flames reflect the burning desire to seek new learning opportunities, and by passing the torch, we recognize that our leadership roles are illuminated as opportunities for service.
scripture: 2 corinthians 3:17 – “now the lord is the spirit, and where the spirit of the lord is, there is liberty.”
“liberty, when it begins to take root, is a plant of rapid growth.”                    george washington
 
if you ever have the opportunity to visit dar headquarters in washington, d.c., be sure and visit the beautiful kansas chapel, located in the administration building of nsdar headquarters at 1776 d street, n.w.
kansas has an interesting history. did you know that much of kansas was once an ocean?  dar in kansas has worked to help preserve it since 1896. read about some of our projects on the history page.
we hope you enjoy browsing our website and learning more about dar in kansas! our chapters welcome your membership inquiries and we have talented ladies ready to help you join dar. please contact us!


rebecca kline
kansas state regent






visit our national society dar website


kansas dar: serving 
        god - home - country 
        since 1896 









sign in
sign in to access home page



username



password



 



`

the content contained herein does not necessarily represent the position of the nsdar. 
hyperlinks to other sites are not the responsibility of the nsdar, the state organizations, or individual dar chapters.
contact the webmaster 



 






