








boo boo records - music . movies . books . clothing . posters . culture


























































 







 

 
menu






home
shop

vinyl
wish list
apparel
accessories
limited edition art prints
gift cards
shop on discogs


new releases
about

photos
recycle
employment


contact
boo boo recordsmusic . movies . books . clothing . posters . culturefree shipping for domestic orders of vinyl, cds, or dvds over $65! use code fs65 at checkout.
new releases for january 10, 2025
january 10, 2025 aims marketing program/ featured titles promoted this week:
rosanne cash – the essential collection 2xcd (thirty tigers)
beginning in the 1970s and continuing to the present day, cash has staked out a distinctive place in american music. her songs have drawn on rockabilly rhythms, the truth-telling of folk-rock songwriters, west coast country-rock energy, new wave flash and deeply rooted country music. a four-time grammy winner, her hits include “seven year ache,” “blue moon with heartache,” “i don’t know why you don’t want me,” “i don’t want to spoil the party,” “it hasn’t happened yet,” “tennessee flat top box, “no memories hangin’ round” and “never be you,” among others. throughout her career, she has maintained an unwavering artistic spirit and vision. in 2021, cash became the first female composer to receive the macdowell medal, awarded since 1960 to an artist who has made an outstanding contribution to american culture. the essential collection creates a space, one in which cash controls the stories she tells, the masks she wears, the light shed. these two discs represent over 40 years of work- of songwriting, singing, and collaboration, and of struggle, loss, renewal, insecurity, power, longing, and curiosity.
james early – medium raw cd/lp (easy eye sound)
early james’ new album, medium raw, produced by dan auerbach, is his most compelling work yet. the album blends blues, rock and folk with an unfiltered edge, capturing early james’ soulful storytelling and powerful vocals. an endlessly gifted lyricist, he weaves dark, emotional narratives with a sardonic wit, showcasing his ability to craft poignant, vivid imagery juxtaposed with wry humor. a must-listen for fans of authentic americana, promising a gripping, unforgettable listening experience.
franz ferdinand – the human fear cd/lp (domino)
the human fear is the sixth studio album from franz ferdinand. produced with mark ralph, who previously worked with the band on their 2013 album right thoughts, right words, right action, the album showcases franz at their most immediate, upbeat and life-affirming, unashamedly going for the pop-jugular in classic franz style. recorded at ayr studios in scotland, the 11 songs on the human fear all allude to some deep-set human fears and how overcoming and accepting these fears drives and defines our lives. [an indie store exclusive white color vinyl pressing is available.]
 [read more…] about new releases for january 10, 2025
filed under: new releases new releases for december 13, 2024
december 13, 2024 aims marketing program/ featured titles promoted this week:
john batiste – beethoven blues (batiste piano series, vol. 1) cd/lp (verve)
5x grammy and oscar-winner jon batiste returns with a pure piano album, beethoven blues (batiste piano series, vol. 1). reimagining the transcendent works of ludwig van beethoven, alongside original compositions inspired by batiste’s youth competing in local piano competitions and gigging in the heart of new orleans, the album extends timeless classics across the genre spectrum. it is a way of paying homage to beethoven’s artistry and bringing it into a singular moment, in true creative partnership with batiste’s artistic work and journey.
boywithuke – burnout cd/lp (boywithuke llc)
burnout is a product of roughly a year of the now 22-year-old boywithuke evolving his sound, his live show, and his own work-life balance. charley yang has been going through many changes in his life while being boywithuke, from getting out of his first long term relationship of 4 years, to getting out of a major label deal. “for the longest time i had made songs to impress this person i was in love with as well as music executives, and once that was gone things felt weird. i felt a little bit lost, but in a larger and more positive way, i felt free with freedom to make mistakes and basically whatever i wanted–i think that’s what burnout is,” yang explains. with this freedom now to lean into the music he wants to put out into the world comes with the pressure of the unknown which fed into his unhealthy strive for perfection. but the fact that he’s actually trying is giving him a peace that he hasn’t felt before—a peace he hopes for all of his fans. with that comes burnout.
madison cunningham & andrew bird – cunningham bird cd/lp (loma vista)
cunningham bird / andrew bird & madison cunningham’s new album, cunningham bird, reinvents the classic ’70s gem buckingham nicks. with a fresh, modern twist, they blend their distinct folk and indie sounds, creating a compelling homage to the original. bird’s intricate violin work and cunningham’s soulful vocals transform the timeless melodies, offering both a nod to the past and a vibrant, contemporary flair. fans of both artists and the original album will find this collab a rewarding journey and ode to a classic [a transparent forest green color vinyl pressing is available.]
 [read more…] about new releases for december 13, 2024
filed under: new releases page 1
page 2
page 3
interim pages omitted …
page 494
go to next page »

 

join our mailing list









 


as featured in…




 

 
 







shop online
vinylturntables & accessoriesspeakersboo boo accessoriesboo boo gift cardsapparelart
search our shop
 






latest products
 































 


recent new releases
new releases for january 10, 2025new releases for december 13, 2024new releases for december 6, 2024new releases for november 22, 2024new releases for november 15, 2024


boo boo records
978 monterey street
san luis obispo, ca 93401
(805) 541-0657
view map




emailfacebookinstagramrsstwitteryoutube
 




copyright © 2025 · boo boo records · powered by iartisan
 






















