



 





certified pest control services cleveland akron sandusky medina | bed bug exterminators



















x

don't wait! call certified pest control now!  we service from youngstown to port clinton, cleveland to columbus and everywhere in between!
        









216-739-0436 cleveland
                                        440-582-3083 southwest
                                        419-797-9040 sandusky
                                        330-923-1664 medina/akron



home
bed bugs⇓

bed bug detection
bed bug treatment
bed bug prevention


residential⇓

ants
bed bugs
bees/wasps
fleas
roaches
rodents
spiders
termites


commercial⇓

commercial maintenance programs
commercial pest control services


realtors⇓

inspection forms
services for realtors


termites⇓

sentricon termite treatment
termidor termite treatment


about⇓

careers


contact






		  review us on google today!







commercial, residential and industrial pest control
full service expert pest control service for over 40 years
all certified pest control technicians are licensed - bonded - insured
we specialize in getting rid of bed bugs with our safe heat killing method!
learn more



bugg's murphy is now a division of
			  certified pest control, inc.





the sentriconâ® termite control system is designed to eliminate the entire under ground termite colony including the queen!







 



 click here  for a helpful guide to identify the pests in your home.



bed bug treatments
we kill bed bugs with heat. safe and effective!



home pest control
keep your family safe and happy with our residential pest control solutions.



commercial pest control
we serve commercial, industrial and food service with our expert pest control treatment programs.



termite control
get rid of termites and make sure they don't return with a termite treatment & monitoring program.








safe bed bug control
we kill bed bugs safely with heat. this is a fast, proven method that gets rid of bed bugs usuallly in just 1 day. 
we can spot treat or treat an entire structure for the most economical bed bug control possible.

read more





residential pest control
we treat all homes including mobile homes and trailers, vacation cottages, motels, hotels and all rental properties. 
call 216-739-0436 now to schedule an appointment to keep pest under control and your family and guests happy!

read more





commercial and industrial pest control programs
our comprehensive and extensive commercial pest control is used by: hospitals, hotels, nursing homes, warehouses, restaurants, malls,
retail stores, supermarkets, schools, factories & office buildings.
we provide complete pest maintenance services for year round protection.

read more





termite inspections, treatments and monitoring programs
termites have a virtually insatiable appetite for all wood products.
call us with your questions about termite treatments, termite inspections or other wood destroying insect treatments or inspections.

read more





cleveland area full service pest control service 
we are a full service pest control management company with commercial, residential, and industrial expertise. along with years of experience in traditional pest control methods, we are versatile and offer alternative pest solutions for sensitive 		 		environments.


bed bug heat treatment!
with the use of heat, bed bugs can be eliminated in a short period of time without the use of chemicals. a safe and effective treatment for home and business.





two new methods to control bed bug infestations are available from certified pest control.

we kill bed bugs with heat. for more information please click
bed bug detection using our bug sniffing dogs! learn more here.

dependable pest control services in northeast ohio including: cuyahoga, summit, lake, lorain and medina counties
when you choose our pest control services, you are choosing experience and quality. whether you need rodent removal or regular pest control services, we have the resources and staff to meet and exceed your expectations. we offer a variety of services to 		meet your pest control needs. 


why use professional pest management?
 there are many reasons why pest management can be important to your family, your pets and your home. integrated pest management (ipm) can reduce or prevent the following:
 

interior damage to your home or other structures which may result from pest infestations
pest damage to landscaping, trees, flowering plants, lawns and gardens
human allergic reactions and disease due to certain pests
damage to items in your home such as clothing and furniture

our skilled technicians use a variety of ipm techniques to protect both your home and environment from pests and pesticides. call us today to help protect your home from pests and the damage they can cause!
alternative pest control solutions
alternative pest control is an integrated pest management system designed to provide maximum control of target pest species while keeping you, your family and the environment safe. protecting the environment and your health is our main concern when 		 		removing pests using these "green pest control" methods. 
alternative pest control is the use of specific products and expert application methods to allow maximum effectiveness while supporting a healthy and safe environment. call now to learn how we can keep your family safe and protect them  		from unwanted rodents, insects and other pests.
our pest control services include:

residential, commercial and industrial pest control services
exterior chemical power spray pest treatment
termite inspections and treatment

bed bug detection, prevention and treatment
bird removal
bat removal
rat and mice control and removal
control, exclusion and cleanup
stored product insects
non-chemical methods of pest control
baiting and monitor programs for insects and rodents
integrated pest management (ipm)
flying insect treatments and "bug" lights for flying insects














home pest control services:

ant control
bed bug control
bee & wasp control
flea control
cockroach control
rodent control
spider control
termite control
privacy policy




cleveland, akron, medina and all surrounding areas pest control

                certified pest control
                239 old brookpark rd.
                cleveland, oh 44109
216-739-0436 cleveland area
                                        440-582-3083 southwest
                                        419-202-5425 sandusky
                                        330-721-8877 medina/akron   
                fax:  216-739-0489
info@certifiedpestcontrol.com
            
        providing expert pest control services for residential, commercial, industrial, food service and vacation property for over 30 years. 
		









©   certified pest control, inc.

home
bed bugs
residential
commercial
realtors
termites
about
contact

























