






































                j. appleseed
        
















toggle navigation














collections

curated preview collections

j appleseed primary k-3 collection
j appleseed elementary k-6 collection a
j appleseed elementary k-6 collection b
j appleseed intermediate 4-8 collection
j appleseed young adult collection











j. appleseed



sign in

 ordering

contact






































browse







search







faq







how to order








 
										browse
									                





curated preview collections



  j appleseed primary k-3 collection
										




  j appleseed elementary k-6 collection a
										




  j appleseed elementary k-6 collection b
										




  j appleseed intermediate 4-8 collection
										




  j appleseed young adult collection
										







browse additional titles by category



  canadian studies
										




  kindergarten to 1st grade nonfiction
										




  2nd to 3rd grade nonfiction
										




  4th to 6th grade nonfiction
										




  7th to 12th grade nonfiction
										




  children's fiction and graphic novels
										




  early readers
										




  young adult fiction
										













										 search
									                
let us help you find the books that you're looking for.

easily search through our full line of books.
search by title, subject, series or isbn.
use the red cancel button to clear your search term and view our entire listing.
your search term must be at least 3 characters long.







								 faq
							
most common questions

how much is shipping?

shipping to you is paid for by j. appleseed on orders of $300.00 or more.


how do i place an order?



                                ordering
                            



can i get cataloging for my books?

yes, downloadable marc records are free of charge and are available for every order. peel and stick barcodes and spine labels are available for only $0.25 each.


how are the books shipped?


                        our books are shipped by 
                         
                            courier or canada post 
                                                and usually arrive at the school/library within 5 to 10 business days of placing the order.


what if i'm not happy with my order?


                        
                        if you are not happy with your order, the books can be returned as long as they have not been processed.
                    
damaged and defective books will be replaced.




            more faqs
        






                         how to order
                    
convenient, secure, easy ordering!

orders are shipped once we have received your confirmation and invoicing instructions.
to place your order, contact j. appleseed via:

live chat — live message with one of our customer service representatives anytime monday through friday from 8:30am – 5:00pm est.
email — info@classroomfriendly.ca
call directly at — 1-866-575-5007  


books will ship within 5 to 10 business days.
shipping to you is paid for by j. appleseed on orders of $300.00 or more.
free marc records for all orders. please click the following for our 
                automated cataloguing form and
                                    canadian cataloguing standards
                                .
            
barcodes and spine labels are available.

we accept purchase orders, visa, mastercard, 
                                                    check
                                            or eft.
                    



                ordering
            

















