






gundogdoc | dr. joe spoo, gundog health & training










































































































homeaboutcoursesarticlesblogvideospodcastlogin
















how i got my favorite breed wrong
for years, i thought i knew my favorite dog breeds—chessies, then cockers—but it turns out my heart had already chosen long before my mind caught up. this is the story of how my journey with hunting dogs brought me back to the one breed i can’t live without. 
continue reading: how i got my favorite breed wrong

















mini course


building the complete canine field emergency kit


dr. joe spoo, dacvsmr, will help guide you in building a complete field emergency kit that will allow you to address everything from simple injuries to catastrophic issues.

register now













youtube













gundogdoc
the premier online source for hunting dog health and veterinary information.
educating empowered dog owners.







 







too hunt or not? can, or should, you hunt a lame dog?




 











examining the lateral suture in athletic dogs




 











joint series continued —introduction to canine cruciate ligament surgery




 











male injuries in dogs




 











taking care of your dogs during late-season hunts




 











how to determine how many dogs you need




 











the start of the magic




 











a soapbox lecture — introducing cruciate ligament disease




 











keeping hunting dogs safe around ice




 




 


load more…




 
                subscribe            





















joe spoo dvm, dacvsmr

the original gundogdoc


dr. spoo is a veterinarian of small animal medicine with a special passion for sporting dogs and, more specifically, the gundog breeds.
he believes in a cradle-to-grave approach to managing the canine athlete over the course of its lifetime rather than just focusing on the problem of the moment. he is a diplomate of the american college of veterinary sports medicine and rehabilitation and has dedicated his career to the unique needs of our hunting dogs.

read more












our philosophy

more than a hunting partner



these incredible canines that we share the field with have unique problems, conditions and obstacles they encounter. in addition, they require optimum nutrition and conditioning to keep them in peak condition. our goal is to provide you the necessary tools and knowledge to keep your best friend in the best condition possible.

our courses


















podcast

fueled: a sporting dog podcast







august 1, 2023
podcast ep. 18: interview with craig klein






august 1, 2023
podcast ep. 17: interview with dr. kristin kirkby shaw






august 1, 2023
podcast ep. 16: interview with dr. jan van dyke




listen now












articles










why the extra-capsular technique still matters in canine surgery
continue reading: why the extra-capsular technique still matters in canine surgery


choosing the right path: an honest look at cruciate ligament surgery
continue reading: choosing the right path: an honest look at cruciate ligament surgery


bird flu updates and cold-weather hunting: starting 2025 with awareness and preparedness
continue reading: bird flu updates and cold-weather hunting: starting 2025 with awareness and preparedness








read more








subscribe to our


newsletter


be the first to know! subscribe to our newsletter for exclusive updates and exciting news.


name(required)


first

email

protected by recaptcha privacy – termscaptchacommentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  






















facebook
instagram
tiktok
youtube


aboutpodcastarticles
our courseslogincontact


newsletter
be the first to know! subscribe to our newsletter for exclusive updates and exciting news.

email

protected by recaptcha privacy – termscaptchaphonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  

















© 2023 gundogdoc.com prof llc · contact us

terms & conditions 
·
privacy policy


























