





the shambala preserve presented by the roar foundation






























 






 

















						shambala (661) 268-0380po box 189acton, ca  93510-0189


























































for job opportunities please 
				email resume to 

tfarley@shambala.org
 





marianne paris sneider was a beloved friend and patron of the roar foundation.  when she passed away in june 2024, ms. sneider’s estate plan provided that if roar raised $100,000 within a year of her death, the estate would make a matching gift of $100,000 to roar.  as of january 31, 2025, your donations to roar exceeded $100,000, and roar has met the requirements for the matching gift of $100,000 from ms. sneider’s estate.
on behalf of the wild ones of shambala and the roar staff and board of directors, thank you for making this matching gift possible.  a wonderful reminder that when we work together, we can achieve great things!



 





                    your browser does not support the video tag.
                  


 



 
important news from roar 
					  foundation/shambala preserve
to all of you who have been so 
					  loyal to shambala, believing in not only what we do, but 
					  how we do it:
we are so appreciative of your 
					  faithful donations which have allowed us to keep our 
					  residents safe, happy and healthy, as well as continue to 
					  improve our efforts to give them the best quality of life 
					  possible.
we are 
					  scheduling our safaris, which can fill up quickly.  click on  "visitor information" 
					  and then on the "safari tours" link for further information and 
					  to reserve your safari.
please do not come if you are 
					  not feeling well or have symptoms such as fever, cough or 
					  headache, or if you think you have recently been exposed 
					  to covid.   your safety and the safety of our 
					  animals are our top priorities.
we may ask you to socially 
					  distance when you arrive depending on the guidance in 
					  effect at the time.  don't take it personally!
we are preparing for the time when 
					  we can open for other events, such as the member's party 
					  and private events, so please keep checking the website 
					  for updates.  in the meantime, enjoy the videos and other 
					  content on our website and  call our office at 
					  661-268-0380 with your donations and questions.  thank you 
					  for your continued support of our work and the care of 
					  these magnificent creatures.
from all of us on the executive 
					  board 





 


 

 

 






 

 

 

 

 

 









sign up for our email newsletter

















 










 









 





				  photos by  bill 
                dow  ©2023 the roar foundation
                no images may be removed from this web site without written permission 
                from the roar foundation 
the roar foundation 
                is a 501 (c) (3) non-profit organization.
                shambala is a member of the american 
                sanctuary association. 










