


florida cremation

















 question 
      & answers 
free 
        literature
spiritual 
        laws
payment
 
 
forms

 urns


 


est. 1997


quality 
      accountable service
throughout florida



 when 
            you say......


" 
            i simply want cremation "


....we 
            know exactly what you mean! 


$2,100 - total 
      cost

 1-800-756-2311
24 hour death 
      care line
 
 


includes:


 
transportation 
          of deceased
 staff 
          services
refrigeration 
          & required holding container
certifications 
          and death certificates
medical 
          examiner approval
 cremation 
          procedure
 protective 
          container for cremated remains.
local 
          or 48 state delivery
no 
          hidden cost contract






 
 


first step
- advise medical professional 
        to call american heritage cremation society 
1.800.756.2311
 
we will keep it simple from here


 


 

purchase of a formal urn is not required as a protective 
          container is included.
 








not available in funeral homes 

 
 trust & credibility 
american heritage cremation society a 
    division of american veritas group, inc., is licensed & regulated by the 
 state of florida department of financial 
    services, division of funeral, cemetery & consumer services. for verification 
    of establishment license #f040691 telephone department of financial services 
    at 1-800-323-2627.
 

our arrangement 
  is designed for simplicity. as cremation specialists, we are able to begin our 
  services immediately upon being contacted. an american heritage representative 
  will then make the necessary arrangements with the legal and responsible 
  party. it is not necessary for the responsible party to travel in person 
  to florida if they are out of the area. 
the above services represent all that is 
  necessary for a complete, simple cremation. our fees are all inclusive by region 
  and no additional fees or charges are needed to complete the arrangement. if 
  desired, other options such as formal urns, 
  vaults and memorial products are available for additional cost, but are not 
  necessary.
 
  
why are more people choosing cremation?

the number of people who prefer cremation has constantly 
  increased. in florida, the percentage surpasses 50%, and the numbers are steadily 
  growing in every state. recent projections by the cremation association of north 
  america reflect a national average continuing to grow. in other developed nations 
  like japan and the countries of scandinavia, percentages reach as high as 95%.
  individual reasons for choosing cremation are as varied as the alternatives. 
  high cost of funerals, concerns for the environment, cold-weather constraints, 
  and ease of transportation to distant burial site are just a few. but most people 
  choose cremation for its simplicity.
 american heritage cremation society cremation 
  services include all required fees. accountable, professional service. 800.756.2311. 
  


what is cremation?

cremation is a computerized thermal process of applied 
  heat and dehydration that reduces the human body to its basic elements. it is 
  accomplished in a special chamber called a retort, taking approximately one 
  to two hours.
  the cremated remains (often referred to as "ashes") are called cremains 
  and usually weigh from four to nine pounds. they are enclosed in a sealed heavy 
  polyurethane bag and packaged in a container suitable for transport. urns, 
  or permanent containers, can be selected and purchased separately if desired. 
  (artistic designs and materials vary according to individual tastes and/or final 
  disposition requirements of the cemetery or columbarium).
  in a religious context, the human body originating from and returning to the 
  basic elements of nature, "dust", is a biblical 
  principle, expressed in genesis 
  2:7 and 3:19, 
  ecclesiastes 
  3:20 and 12:7, 
  psalms 
  22:29 and 103:14, 
  1 
  corinthians 15:47, and other passages. natural decay and decomposition is 
  god's immutable law for returning the body to "dust."


what happens after cremation ?



burial 
in cemeteries,* urn gardens, at sea or at a national 
cemetery for veterans and their spouses.  inurnment in 
a niche of a columbarium in cemeteries, churches and other locations. *

scattering in a memorial garden of a cemetery or 
  church, at-sea, over private property, and a host of other personal options.
 keep at home in 
a permanent urn. this is often done with consideration 
for later transport and or burial.  "keepsakes"
are miniature urns or pendants designed to contain a portion 
of the cremains while the remainder is buried, scattered or inurned.

  *if using a private cemetery, you may need to purchase a permanent 
  urn or vault, an opening & closing as well a marker. these are not requirements 
  of american heritage cremation society.
   who is american heritage 
cremation society ? 


  our company was first incorporated in florida in october of 1997. our logistics 
  center originally in lakeland, has been located in clearwater, holiday & 
  now in hernando, florida to best serve the needs of the families we serve throughout 
  florida. our logistics center coordinates services throughout florida.

 comparison for simple cremation.
 does the "simple cremation" include everything necessary ? 

 does the quoted price include transporting the deceased 
    to the crematory ? 
is the charge for refrigeration of the deceased included 
    ?
 is the alternative container included in the price 
    ?
 does the price include all courier and paper work 
    fees  ?
 does the price include any death certificates 
    ?
 does the quoted price include medical examiner fee 
    for cremation approval ?
 does the quoted price include a protective container 
    for the cremated remains ?
 does the quoted price include delivery of the cremains 
    locally or shipping to a distant location ?
does the quoted price come from a true cremation society 
    specifically licensed for cremations only?
will you work one on one with a director who has served 
    thousands of families?
accept many different forms of payment?


yes....

american 
heritage cremation society arrangements includes all of the above.
 
for 
details call & ask for the director on call :1 
. 800 . 756 . 2311 


email
free 
  literature by mail

florida logistics center:
 
1-800-756-2311
logistics center:
 
by appointment
4611 cr 200 c, hernando florida 34442 usa
 
  
copyright 1997 - 2025 the american veritas group inc., all rights 
  reserved. 
 
 
20200203


