





jennifer amor designs | home of the pop top jacket pattern

















skip navigation
website accessibility












 






|
view cart 















toggle navigation
						☰ menu
					





homepatternsorder infoclassesaboutcontactgallery














 calendar


 kits







welcome to our online shop!
this is the home of the pop top jacket, the best-fitting blank canvas for creative garment sewing. with only three pattern pieces and no darts, this wonderful semi-fitted, figure-flattering jacket works for all sizes, from xs to xxl. with endless variations, it's easy to see why this timeless design is our most popular pattern. we also offer original patterns for sweatshirts, bags, wall hangings and bargello. we're always thinking up new designs that are fun to sew and fabulous to wear...so check back often!























previous



next








 workshops


 gallery






if you've been wondering why no "new" news has been posted for a while, consider that we started 2017 with a busy show schedule together with the designer's workshop.  we hit the year running with the mancuso show in orlando, fl, in january and then the sewing extravaganza in statesville, nc.  you will find us at the aqs show in daytona beach, fl, the first week in march, followed by the show in lakeland, fl march 16-18.  after that, we will be in the pavilion (known to quilters as "the bubble") for the spring aqs show in paducah, ky  april 26-29.  june 8-10 you will find us at the east cobb quilters guild show, back at its old haunt, the civic center in marietta, ga.       as in past years, we'll be taking a couple of summer months off to enjoy the beach and come up with some new designs. then it's back to the show circuit for the jacksonville, fl quilt show in september, the sewing expo in fredericksburg, va  october 5-7 and international quilt festival in houston, tx in late october and early november.  at every show you can find us in the designer's workshop booth. when we're not busy serving customers we'll show you how to get a perfect fit with the pop top jacket! we'll have all sizes of muslins available for you to try on so you'll know exactly which size to choose for your next fabulous jacket project! other things you may not have seen include new tote bags, new colors for jackets and several beautiful new paper pieced wallhangings by eileen sullivan. at the shows we'll have all our current samples "in the fabric" so to speak, as well as patterns, kits for just about everything, buttons, thread and our famous little "star" packs of miniature designs.  at some shows we'll also have a limited amount of fabric for sale at great prices as eileen and i clear out our workshops to make room for newer designs! don't miss it!
e-mail glitches!! if you have sent an email using the "contact us" section of this website, you should expect to hear from us within a few days. if you haven't received a reply, please re-send your email directly by typing this address: jenniferiamor@aol.com

jackets
sweatshirt jackets
totes & bags

wallhangings
vests
kits, buttons, thread

gallery
for shop owners
classes

new for spring! monet's garden purse

what's new
new for spring!shibori super stripes jacket
super stripes jacket
skipping squares jacket
square dance bag

savesave














email list sign up






repeat email address: 





























company links

home
patterns
order info
classes
about
contact



contact us

 (803) 256-0146
mailing address:
3702 blossom st.  columbia, sc 29205
 jennifer@jenniferamor.com
 m-f: 7am - 10pm     closed sat-sun









home   |   patterns   |   order info   |   classes   |   about   |   contact   |   gallery   |   site map







		copyright © 2007-2025 - jennifer amor designs
website design by like sew


































