











downtown delray beach l dda











































skip to main content















join us on


business login






















  










find your funstaythings to dodineshophappy hourgetting aroundeventsabout us




















search a listing
categoriesstayarts & culture-- art galleries, studios & antiques-- museums & nature centers-- theaters & performing artsbeauty and wellness-- beauty & spa-- fitness-- health & wellness---- chiropractors---- counseling---- cosmetic/plastic surgeons---- dentists---- medical massage therapy---- optometrists---- other therapies---- periodontist---- podiatristentertainmentthings to doother services-- alterations & cleaners-- catering-- education-- banks-- business/marketing consultants-- developer-- financial-- general contractors-- home care-- housing authority-- interior design-- legal-- marketing agencies-- matting and framing-- pharmacy-- photography-- place to live-- postal services-- realtors-- sports agency-- travel agentparks and naturedine-- bars-- candy, bakery, coffee, ice cream-- juice bars-- restaurantsshop-- arts, crafts & framing-- beauty & wellness products-- books and music-- clothing & accessories-- consignment-- convenience store-- florist-- furniture, home & garden-- jewelry-- markets-- office supply & greeting cards-- pets & grooming-- shoes-- specialty-- wine, liquors & cigarsweddings and celebrationsparkinglocationsbeachsidepineapple grove arts districtsofa (south of atlantic)the avethe set (west atlantic)us1search
















 delray beach














welcome to downtown delray beachfind your fun by exploring our village by the sea, a destination for people seeking to strengthen a bond with friends and loved ones steps away from the silky sand and frothy surf of 2 miles of beautiful, sandy beach...voted #1 beach in florida. our famous atlantic avenue puts you steps away from unique boutique hotels, award-winning outdoor cafes, friendly bars, unforgettable cuisine, and electric nightlife. exclusive boutiques, art galleries, and cultural opportunities are all steps away. feel relaxed, happy, and safe, enjoying both the moment and the memory.
 learn more

















find your fun
something special is steps away. 







stay
    
                  whether luxurious or quaint, historic or modern, you are sure to find that...            






things to do
    
                  downtown delray beach, well-known for its social community and vibrant...            






dine
    
                  you've read the rave reviews about dining in downtown delray beach, now it's...            








shop
    
                  shop downtown delray
our decoratively lit, charming streetscapes are filled...            






happy hour
    
                  its 5 o'clock somewhere! you may know downtown delray has some of the best...            






parking
    
                  one of the best things about our “village by the sea” is that it's easy to walk...            




















new in downtown




  
 moxie salon and beauty bar 

  
 sapotille 

  
 faherty delray beach 

  
 lark macphail fine art 

  
 novecento 

  
  dimarc studio 

  
 mermaid boutique 

  
 juniper health 

  
 table 165 

  
 lateada boutique 



 learn more 
















        view this profile on instagram            downtown delray beach (@downtowndelray) • instagram photos and videos 














dda resources
dining & shopping guide
parking and getting around
downtown development
construction updates
downtown district
downtown business resources
new & noticed
research & data















annual strategic partners









 learn more





















sign up for dda updates














            first name
          






            last name
          






            email*
          






            please verify your request*
          





            submit
          
















media
video gallery
careers









about us
our mission is to grow, strengthen, and enhance the economic vitality of downtown delray beach. as an autonomous agency of the city, the delray beach dda advocates, facilitates, plans, and executes business development, fosters business relations, helps with the planning of public and private projects, and markets the downtown district.








contact information
 350 se 1st street ∙ delray beach, fl 33483 (561) 243-1077





















copyright © 2025 downtown delray beach. all rights reserved. privacy policybusiness login
powered by vup media




















