    general and cosmetic dental clinic in the bronx, ny | morris park dental                
718-377-6453960 morris park ave, bronx, ny  payment portalmorris park dental is open and seeing patients by appointment only. please call 718-377-6453 or complete the form below to request an appointment.    ☰homeservicescosmetic dentistryorthodonticsinvisalignpediatric dentistrygum disease & periodonticsdental implants & all-on-4emergency dental visitsendodontics & root canal treatmentprosthodonticssedation and relaxation dentistrysleep apnea treatmenttmj jaw pain treatmentour dentistsdr. natalie baker, prosthodontistdr. mitchell elias, general dentistdr. elena holtzman, general dentistdr. daniel a. narain, periodontistdr. austin le, orthodontistdr. prashant sukhani, endodontistdr. steven lin, pediatric dentistdr. danielle messina, prosthodontistfor patientsnew patient formdental insurancemembership planpay your billpayment and financing options for dental procedures in the bronxno-fault claimsrequest an appointmentreviewsread reviewssubmit a reviewblogcontactpay your billwelcome to the bronx office ofmorris park dentalgeneral, emergency & cosmetic dentistsdental membership plans now available! learn more contact usfor more than 30 years, our team of general and specialty dental professionals have provided our community with the very best comprehensive dental care.our team of specialists and general dentists are dedicated to providing our patients with the highest standard of dental care available. our patients can rely on our general and specialty dentists to provide for all of their dental needs at all stages of life. because we are a multi-specialty practice, this also means that we rarely “refer out” our patients for treatment.conveniently located in the morris park neighborhood of the bronx, morris park dental is easily accessible from the bronx, new york city and southern westchester.featured dental servicescosmetic dentistryimplant dentistryendodonticstmj jaw pain therapyorthodonticspediatric dentistrysedation dentistryemergency dentistrygum diseaseprosthodonticssleep apnea therapymeet the doctors dr. natalie bakerprosthodontist dr. mitchell eliasgeneral dentist dr. elena holtzmangeneral dentist dr. daniel a. narainperiodontist dr. austin leorthodontist dr. prashant sukhaniendodontist dr. steven linpediatric dentist dr. danielle messinaprosthodontistfeatured testimonial “i have been going to morris park dental facility in the bronx for about 28 years and i obviously am not disappointed at all or i would not have been there that long with them.  dr. holtzman is amazing and hygienist nicola another amazing person.  both great at their job.  the staff are excellent;  always greeting you professionally and very friendly.” – suzette d. why visit our dental office in the bronx?morris park dental has provided dental services to the bronx community for over 40 years. our doctors and staff understand your concerns, and we know exactly how to address them. expect the following from us:multi-disciplinary dental services in one place  our team includes general dentists, pediatric dentsits, periodontist, an endodontist, an orthodontist, and a prosthodontist. in addition to their individual specialties, our doctors provide cosmetic dentistry, emergency dentistry, sleep apnea therapy, and tmj jaw pain therapy.comprehensive services for patients of all ages  our bronx dental office welcomes patients of all ages. we provide pediatric services for infants and children. we address the misalignment concerns of teenagers, children and adults. and we offer solutions for many dental concerns that come with age, like decay and discoloration.emergency dental services whenever you need it  severe tooth pain, cracked or fractured teeth, a knocked-out tooth — we’ve seen them all and we know exactly how to address them. if you need emergency dental services in the bronx, you can count on our team to respond quickly to your call.you don’t have to travel far for affordable general and cosmetic dentistry services. simply schedule an appointment with our office and we’ll make sure you leave with a satisfied smile.       request your consultation call 718-dr-smile (718-377-6453) or fill out the contact form belowappointment typeimplant consultdentures consultmissing teeth consultperiodontal consultcosmetic dentistry consultorthodontist/braces consultinvisalign consultcleaning/checkupemergency treatmentsleep apnea consultall-on-4 consultexisting patient appointmenttmj/headache consultzoom teeth whiteningotherspam quiz: which is bigger, 2 or 8? δour office960 morris park avenue, bronx, ny 10462featured associationsoffice hoursmonday 8am – 6pmtuesday 9am – 7pmwednesday 9am – 7pmthursday 9am – 7pmfriday 9am – 5pmsaturday 7am – 3pmsunday closedpayment options we accept visa, mastercard, american express, discover, cash, and check. we accept certified and business checks, and  offer a 5% discount for pre-payment made at least one week in advance of your appointment. (learn more)special offerfor special discounts, join our membership plan today! view details© copyright 2025 - morris park dental - all rights reserved | site manager login | website powered by enlightened media 
         