









new york insight meditation center | where hearts & minds awaken
























































































 
 









skip to content








facebookxyoutubeinstagramemail 

join our circle of friendsdonate 



 













			where hearts & minds awaken		




search for:



















about nyioverviewwhat guides ussangha & diversitywhat we teachwho we areteachersboard & stafftestimonialsfaqcontact usnew to meditationbenefits of meditationhow to meditatebeginners programsstories of transformationmindfulness based stress reduction classesupcoming eventsmonthly event calendarfeatured events listdaylongs and half-daysevening eventscourse seriesweekend retreats at nyicommunity groups & affinity sanghasrubin museum mindfulness meditation seriescommunityblogcommunity groupsjoin our circle of friendsdonateresourcesvolunteernewsletter signup






search for:











 









homesite admin2025-02-16t17:29:33-05:00 
upcoming featured programs

online: how your mind shapes your world – a half-day retreat
with martin aylward
sunday, february 23rd, 2025
your mind can be a playground, or a prison. as buddha reminds us, our mind-state directly determines our experience of the world. this day of practice will be all about meeting your mind directly, and understanding how it shapes your beliefs and behaviors. beyond spiritual clichés about creating your own reality, this day of practice will be something of a magical mystery tour through reality.
more info

online: rebuild your attention – buddhist practices for focus, clarity, and joy
with sean oakes, phd
thursdays, february 27th – march 27th, 2025
meditation has never been easy, but our sped-up, information-saturated culture makes it harder than ever. in this 5-week course, we will look at developing focus, concentration, and strong inner energy, and why these are the core skills in meditation and mindfulness. you’ll come away with actionable skills for slowing down and bringing focus back into your everyday life.
more info

in-person and online: attuning the body & mind through meditation
with peter doobinin
saturday, march 1st, 2025
the buddha taught his students to be “in tune with the dharma.” in fact, we might think of dharma practice as a process in which we learn to come into rhythm with ourselves and others. this daylong retreat is an invitation to (re-)connect to the rhythm of life through breath meditation and walking meditation, helping us tune into the happiness of the heart.
more info
view our full event calendar




 
 





ways to give there are three ways to support the new york insight meditation center:
join our circle of friends
membership is an expression of mutual support whereby we are all given the chance to support and nurture a community that supports and nurtures each of us. read more...
donate
nyi is a not-for-profit 501(c)3 organization with all proceeds from your donations going towards upholding our mission and support our modest operating costs. read more...
volunteer
nyi is an almost entirely volunteer-run organization that relies heavily on a small but committed group of people. read more...

 

contact the best way to reach us is by email.
general questions: info@nyimc.org
registration/financial assistance: registration@nyimc.org
membership: members@nyimc.org
donation: development@nyimc.org
volunteering: volunteers@nyimc.org
(212) 213-4802
new location:
115 west 29th street, 12th floor
new york, ny 10001

 

newsletter
first name:



last name:



email address:


please only click the sign up button below once and wait to be redirected to a confirmation page.



leave this field empty if you're human:  

 
 
 





		© copyright 2013-    new york insight meditation center   |   sitemap | privacy policy | disclaimer | report problem in website |	


facebookxyoutubeinstagramemail
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link

 













































































go to top




