




dreamdog foundation 



































about us
programs
hear my voice
media
contact us
donate



click to see menu


     look what we've accomplished in only three years...abs has sites in alexandria, arlington, fairfax and dc, where more than half a million books are available to all children!       our parent engagement empowerment programs have connected hundreds of parents to resources and services enhancing their lives and education for their children!       for the past decade, we have turned more that 300 reluctant writers into published authors, not only building critical writing skills but also crucial self-esteem skills.       our programs create the next generation of change agents getting students out in the community making a difference in the lives of others.       dreamdog honors every child! our award-winning programs build leadership skills as students become positive role models at their school.       









book of my own
find your voice! set yourself free
to write, say, and feel whatever you want to be!





kids empowering kids
showing children their true potential is just the start 
toward leadership and self-esteem!




do the right write thing
our one-of-a-kind creative writing summer program 
blends fun with community service.




kids making a difference
empowers our students to be change agents, to affect positive change for others in need.




peep
parent engagement empowerment programs provide much-needed services and resources for parents.




abs
our book shelf program gets books in the 
"hands, homes and hearts of all children!"






volunteers
make a
difference
without our volunteers
we could not deliver all the
meaningful programs we provide.
want to help out?
click the button and become 
part of the dreamdog team!
volunteer








home
about us
programs

book of my own – bomo
america’s book shelf

alexandria book shelf
arlington book shelf
america’s book shelf


kids making a difference
kids empowering kids
hear my voice
parent engagement and empowerment programs
do the right write thing!


volunteer
media
contact us
donate



©2025 dreamdog foundation, all rights reserved.

administrator login











