 home - kirby lester        
skip to content
capsa healthcare
customer supportcustomer supportall capsa healthcare associates appreciate our customers and strive to provide the highest level of service for all our product platforms.
order parts
contact us
contact capsacontact capsasales:
info@capsahealthcare.com
800.437.6633support:
techsupport@capsahealthcare.com
800.243.2465

 pill counting devicesrobotic rx fillingwill callltc/senior carecentral fill & mail orderservice & support 
sidebar menu



pill counting devicesrobotic rx fillingwill callltc/senior carecentral fill & mail orderservice & support
pharmacy automation and prescription filling technology

request a quote today				kirby lester, automation by capsa healthcarecapsa healthcare’s kirby lester brand is the most trusted name in community pharmacy automation, a pioneer since 1971 with constant innovation and advances. we provide systems to efficiently manage prescription filling, secure your controlled substances, and streamline workflow — whether that’s a hometown community pharmacy, a regional grocer, a national pharmacy chain, a large hospital system’s outpatient pharmacy, or even high-speed/high-volume central fill operations. when every medication needs to be double-checked against the patient script, when every dose of controlled substances must be accounted for, and when labor costs must be kept in check for business success, millions of pharmacy professionals count on kirby lester, pharmacy automation by capsa healthcare.new! for central filling and mail order pharmacies, talk to capsa about your next project. you’ll be impressed with our capabilities!
comprehensive pharmacy automation brochure
addressing labor shortages in pharmaciesnationally, as so many pharmacies deal with a labor shortage, technology is often the most logical solution. but only if that technology can:handle a high portion of the daily prescriptionssave time directly in the prescription-filling processsave time indirectly by preventing filling errors from getting to pharmacist checkfree up staff to focus on profitability and patient-centric activitiesdrive down rx filling costs, one of the least profitable but essential components of a community pharmacy’s serviceskirby lester systems have been installed at record pace over the past two years, and these systems quickly pay for themselves in labor and time savings. talk to your capsa healthcare account manager about the many ways a kirby lester system accomplishes all of these goals – without adding more employees.
pharmacy labor solutions
read article
new! high volume central fill & mail order pharmacy automationcapsa healthcare is your partner to meet and exceed  growth goals for high volume central fill and mail order pharmacies, for thousands of orders a day, up to 100,000 per day, capsa is the industry’s most innovative designer. instead of taking the routine, legacy approach, capsa draws from our decades of innovation knowledge and global best practices, then applies them to your pharmacy’s ecosystem. the results are stunning, with roi in every category from labor savings to time savings to space savings. all delivered in a mutually beneficial and supportive partnership. the world’s largest pharmacies trust capsa healthcare to deliver highest value, truly customized, end-to-end pharmacy solutions. ask us for a consultation about your next high volume project.
learn more
trending: avoid filling errors that drain time during pharmacist checkin 2024, community pharmacies are focused on protecting their cash flow and driving down costs for rx filling. that’s where the kl1plus is indispensable. this simple-to-use device helps every technician on the team to fill orders in a predictable, repeatable order. from your brand-new hire to your seasoned veteran, they will appreciate how the kl1plus alerts for any accidental error like wrong ndc, strength, or quantity for the wrong patient. they will use the kl1plus to fill the 80% of orders that require scan-verification and fast counting of tablets and capsule; they also will use the kl1plus for scan-verifying and counting package quantities for the other 20% – unit of use items. and since the potential error is halted at rx filling, it doesn’t sap time during pharmacist check, where errors cost real money in time drain for the pharmd.
learn morepharmacy news from capsa healthcare
capsa unveils enhanced kl1plus pharmacy automation with new aura platform

capsa expands multi-dose medication carts for extended care

nexsysadc for ambulance & emergency medical response medications
50+ years of continuous innovationit’s reassuring to be part of an established success. since 1971, kirby lester technology has reduced counting errors at a fraction of the cost of other automated dispensing devices, with accuracy and ease-of-use always built in. that’s why pharmacists and technicians across the globe have used our devices for their entire careers. at capsa healthcare, we are proud that our kirby lester brand of automation has always delivered the best quality control and return on investment. our ever-evolving product line has never been too big, too expensive, or too complicated. along with our simple, world-renowned pill counters that made the brand famous, we continue to add efficiency and safety features like software that alerts pharmacy technicians if they’re about to make a filling error, devices for controlled medication counting and inventory, pharmacy management system interfacing, and the industry’s most unique pharmacy robot.contact us!












contact usorder partsterms of useprivacy statementaccessibility policylegalsales:
info@capsahealthcare.com
800.437.6633support:
techsupport@capsahealthcare.com
800.243.2465  © 2025 capsa healthcare, all rights reserved
  




