realitystudio – a william s. burroughs community      menu realitystudiobibliographic bunkertextsbibliographyinterviewsbiographycriticismscholarship  realitystudio realitystudio realitystudio is the web’s leading resource dedicated to william s. burroughs and the underground press in the 1960s.what’s new oliver harris reviews luca guadagnino’s new film of william burroughs’ queer and christophe becker chats with klaus maeck about a reading of queer he arranged in mexico city.sectionsbibliographic bunker by jed birminghamtexts by william s. burroughsinterviewsbiographyscholarshipcriticismbibliography by eric shoafarchivesapo-33 by william s. burroughsarcadeblack mountain reviewburroughs in men’s magsburroughs text in january 1960 mademoiselle bulletin from nothingc presscleftevergreen reviewfloating bearfuck you pressintrepidkulchurthe last timeslineslocus solusmy own magnomadnova broadcastrhinozerostime by william s. burroughsthe word (naked lunch outtake) in swankyugenauthorswilliam s. burroughsjed birminghamoliver harrisian macfadyenrealitystudio editorpublicationsdeath in paris by carl weissnerthe fluke by jacques sternflesh film by jürgen ploogretaking the universe by davis schneiderman, philip walsh, edward s. robinsonthe road to interzone: reading william s. burroughs reading by michael stevenspopularsecrets of the olympia press naked lunchthe mouth inside: the voices of naked lunch by ian macfadyenburroughs / balch video experiment by jan herman and william s. burroughsenter mister maurice by william levyburroughs in london by heathcote williamstowers open fire screenplaywilliam s. burroughs and j.g. ballarda word is a word is a collage (1965)william s. burroughs, jacques stern, and the flukeconfusion’s masterpiece: re-editing william s. burroughs’ first trilogy by oliver harrisfrom dr mabuse to doc benway: the myths and manuscripts of naked lunch by oliver harriscutting up the archive: william burroughs and the composite text by oliver harrisa visit to william s. burroughs at the beat hotel in summer, 1958 by gael turnbulldeath in paris by carl weissnerhikuta!: burroughs and his gunswilliam s. burroughs and joy divisionhenry miller and william burroughs: an overview the top 23 most interesting burroughs collectibles#23: the dead star#22: am here books catalogue 5#21: man’s wildcat adventures (podcast)#20: the exterminator#19: cyclops#18: semina 4#17: aspen 5+6#16: klacto 23 international#15: suck#14: “the invisible generation” poster#13: the olympia naked lunch#12: roosevelt after inauguration#11: the hardiment/crowder archive#10: the digit junkie#9: the soft machine (olympia press edition)#8: time#7: st valentine’s day reading program#6: call me burroughs lp#5: the moving times poster, project sigma#4: urgency press ripoff edition of time#3: the fuck you press apo-33#2: my own mag #12#1: a descriptive catalogue of the william s. burroughs archiverandom pagewilliam s. burroughs’ “abstracts”recent commentsjames ward on the man who taught his asshole to talkjames ward on paris: the naked citytheresaintexas on the man who taught his asshole to talkmark comden on printing techniques: mimeosteven cohen on a new literature for the space agelinksabout realitystudiocontact realitystudiomimeo mimeosupervert  search for:    realitystudio is a supervert production □ © copyright 2025 □ about □ contact            
