



king law offices, llc








✖
  608-233-9588  

☰✖
king law offices, llc

homeabout ustestiminialscontact

call our madison office now: 608-233-9588 





helping you create a legacy for your family andplan for your future
get started on an estate plan today!608-233-9588






estate planning

estate planning
faq about probate
planning for a child with special needs
probate - no data
probate litigation
trusts
when to use a living trust - no data
why every adult should have an estate plan
wills

business law

business law
choosing your entity
taxation
will an llc work for you?

real estate

real estate
residential real estate

probate & trust administration







client-centered legal services in madison
experienced representation in all types of estate planning, probate and trust, business law, real estate and taxation matters.

					getting sound legal advice when making important decisions about your life is important. at king law offices, llc, in madison, wisconsin, our firm has the experience and dedication to serving clients to guide you effectively in such key areas as probate and estate administration, estate planning, business law, real estate and taxation.
					we encourage you to reach out today to schedule a confidential consultation about your specific situation.  you can reach us at 608-233-9588.
					
contact us



our practice areas


estate planning
we provide comprehensive estate planning services tailored to each client’s needs. attorney richard king has decades of experience helping clients throughout central and southern wisconsin and can help you through the entire process, giving you peace of mind.


probate & trust
count on our compassionate yet aggressive lawyer to assist you with a will or trust claim and throughout the probate administration process. call our office in wisconsin today at 608-620-7285 or inquire online to set up an initial consultation.


business law
our business is to help your business succeed throughout the lifetime of its operation. we know that one of the biggest decisions business owners make is deciding how the company will take shape and picking the business model that fits their needs.


real estate
we can take the legal worry out of real estate transactions and guide you through with experience and confidence. if you are buying, selling, leasing or developing, please call us for a quote.








what our clients are saying...


"we chose king-law to do our wills for us this year on the advice of a friend. i am a little intimidated going to a lawyer’s office, but they made us feel at home right away. richard was down-to-earth and made the process seem simple. we were able to wrap things up in a timely manner thanks to both richard and cheryl. if we need a lawyer for anything else of this nature, we will know who to go to."
todd & barb (madison, wisconsin)


"i found richard king to be professional, thorough, time and accessible. i consulted him for estate planning and several amendments that later needed to be made to the documents. i had never been to a lawyer before, and i felt very comfortable with him and his staff. he answered my questions and explained things so that i could understand easily. the work was done promptly and emails were also answered promptly. he anticipated issues, and i always felt that he was not just doing a job, but truly interested in addressing my situation in the best way he could."
charles & wendy (middleton, wisconsin)


"i contacted attorney king after he was recommended to me by a friend. i wanted a living trust set up. he was knowledgeable, thorough and efficient. he was also comfortable to talk with, and i wasn’t intimidated by his surroundings. perhaps the fact that this office isn’t ostentatious makes it possible for attorney king to charge a reasonable fee for his services. if anyone says they are looking for a lawyer, i am quick to mention attorney king’s name. and i will definitely be calling him the next time i am in need of an attorney’s services."
jane (madison, wisconsin)

view all testimonials












our location

				1667 capital avenue,  
				suite a
				madison, wi 53705				

				608-233-9588
[javascript protected email address]













					client-centered legal services in madison, wi

					we practice primarily in estate planning, probate, tax planning, business law and real estate.
					





		© 2025 king law offices, llc all rights reserved.
		





