





c21 homes and land































skip to content 





					c21 homes and land
				

 





menu

home
contact us
 









dos and don’ts for successful home remodel projects! 
march 25, 2020march 25, 2020 by lily jennings 







every year, thousands of people invest a large amount of their income for improving the appeal of their residential places however only a few hundred people get the expected results. the major loophole of remodelling projects is to leave the outdoor area with overgrown shrubs, untidy driveways, and dead plants. yes, without elevating the appeal of the entrance, you can’t make your place look welcoming or eye-catchy. so, there are some dos and don’ts that are crucial to follow as if you want the best use of your money. we asked the expert persons to share their valuable suggestions and here, we have discussed those tips in detail to let you successfully complete the remodelling project. 
do not expect miracles! the first important thing is to not expect the miracles as the majority of people do. there is a common perception that remodelling a house can cause a magical increase in the value of the house but this is not the case actually. however, a 20% increase should be expected in term of the market price of the property. 
avoid unduly rushed work! the building work often demands patience so it is vital to not rush for completing the work before the estimated deadline. the unduly rushed work often leads to mistakes, loopholes, and flaws which can cause major problems in plumbing or carpentry tasks. the homeowners should make sure to hire a well-reputed team for the building work as the cost factors are also associated with such types of decisions. 
improve the driveway! the driveway improvement tasks are quite crucial and play a part in the remodelling projects. the seamless driveways in bromsgrove require proper attention in terms of landscaping, base material, percentage of friction, and style. you’ll need to do things in an unruffled demeanour for making sure that the whole décor is done in a flawless way. 
prefer quality stuff! it is quite important for homeowners to prefer quality as long term use becomes possible only when you choose superior quality stuff. it doesn’t matter whether you are going to buy globe, furniture, paint, or machinery, the quality is important to ponder in the first step. most of the stylish items usually prove extra sensitive and require undue care. in short, these dos and don’ts can help you remodel the home in a better and cost-effective way because these suggestions are shared by experts. 


categories home improvementtags driveways in bromsgrove, home decor, home improvement 







restyle your storage area with these 3 tips! 
march 16, 2020march 16, 2020 by lily jennings 







have you moved to a new place where the storage room seems mandatory? well, the conversion of the attic into a storeroom isn’t a bad idea. well, still, if you feel like the space isn’t large enough to store all items then restyling the loft can help you enough to de-clutter the house. the whole theme of the storage room matters a lot and it is never recommended to throw the stuff in a random way. so, there should be shelves and cabinets in the loft room that can serve the purpose. in this blog, you’ll learn the basic tactics of restyling the storage room in a classy yet useful way. 
shelves and cabinets are mandatory! there should be cabinets of appropriate size. the storage issues occur when the size of cabinets proves small for large items or boxes so you should make sure to select the cabinets accordingly. besides, the cemented shelves are also mandatory because they prove highly durable and you can place heavy items on them. well, the customized storage boxes are vital to bringing for storing the items in a protective way. while restyling the storeroom, make sure that you do not compromise on the level of safety. 
labeling is vital! the boxes should be labeled with the necessary taglines for mentioning the number and types of items inside the specific box. in this way, you won’t need to waste the time to find the required item. so, take a few pairs of sticky notes and write the summarized description for pasting on the boxes. labeling is a useful tactic and most of the diy tips are based on it. the size of the boxes also matters a lot so you’ll need to design the place accordingly.
foldable loft ladders! 
the ladder is obviously mandatory for accessing the attic and if you make sure to bring a foldable ladder, space will be saved effortless access will be ensured. although, there are multiple types of loft ladders in essex however foldable proves more useful in most cases. once you get the easy access through loft board, it won’t be an issue to organize the whole appeal of the storage area. however, the material of the ladder also matters a lot and you should prefer to choose the most reliable one. cutting it short, these suggestions can help you enough to restyle the storage place for a minimalist appeal. 


categories loft ladderstags loft conversion, loft ladders in essex, storage area, storage rooms, storeroom 







4 mistakes that people do while renovating their place! 
march 13, 2020march 13, 2020 by lily jennings 







it has been noticed that renovation projects prove tough to
many and people repeat certain mistakes during the selection of stuff and while
hiring workers. the mistakes in the renovation
process can affect the comfort zone of the house so people should
make sure to avoid the blunders as otherwise, the investment of time and money
will be of no use. here, in this blog, we have shared a list of mistakes that
are commonly repeated by homeowners so you should prefer to adopt a strategy
that can help in improving the appeal of the house.
poor utilization of
space!
do you really think that bulky furniture is good enough for places that aren’t wide enough? space utilization is an art and households should learn this art. the best way of adding a spacious touch is to take the measurements of the place. suppose, the lounge is of 10 by 10, 7 feet should be utilized while 3 should be left empty. massive or large items on the floor do not look good as if the space is very low. well, you can even choose customized furniture right according to the need of the place. 
zero harmony!
there should be harmony in the décor. it doesn’t matter whether you choose a creative approach or not, there should be at least 5% harmony at the place. those who design a place with zero harmonies usually end up with an ordinary appeal with no eye-catchy factor. so, it is indispensable for homeowners to create a harmony as if they want a lavish touch.
ordinary appeal of
entrance!
the entrance makes a difference and it should not look poor
or ordinary in any way. professionals suggest that all the driveways in
solihull should be designed as per the weather conditions of the
place. the moisture in the air can affect the inner bonding of the driveway so
you should prefer a durable material that can help in achieving a seamless
appeal. the homeowners should try to achieve an extraordinary appeal through
landscaping and fairy lights.
poor plumbing!
the plumbing issues can cause major issues and if you do not
fix the plumbing problems during renovation, severe consequences may occur. the
best way is to make sure that plumbing doesn’t contain any sort of flaws while the
actual purpose is also fulfilled. cutting it short, homeowners should make sure
to avoid the mistakes that have been discussed in this blog. 


categories home improvementtags driveways in solihull, home improvement, mistakes during home renovation 







these tips will let you renovate the house economically! 
march 11, 2020march 11, 2020 by lily jennings 







it has been noticed that people want quick and useful solutions for the renovation projects of residential places however financial constraints restrict them from meeting their objectives. so, most of the queries are often based on economical solutions to renovation. the professional interior designers have finally shared the tactics that can help a person to manage the budget while improving the appeal of the house. here, quality tips have been unveiled and you can ponder the ones that seem perfect to your personal project. so, let’s explore:
make new with the old!
the old items that often look useless can serve the purpose in multiple ways. yes, you can even make a beautiful flower vase from an empty plastic bottle. the old furniture items like tables, chairs, sofas, and beds can also be utilized by simply upgrading with a new wooden polish or paint. the broken chairs can also be fixed with a hammer or nail. so, the old stuff shouldn’t be wasted if you are already into the tight budget constraints. 
save space! 
the households should make sure to save the space for a spacious and welcoming appeal. well, how can you basically save space? starting with doors, the stylish bifold doors in nottingham are good to choose because they ensure the best utilization of space. however, besides folding doors, you can ponder other options as well including upvc and sliding doors. however, glass folding doors look classy and suit to all places whether traditional or lavish. 
choose wallpapers instead of
paint!
do you know that wallpapers are the most cost-effective and let you save the money? they do not get the effects of moisture in the air and are absolutely easy to clean. so, you won’t have to repaint the walls of your house whenever the new season will knock the door and ultimately, the money will be invested in the right thing. the wallpapers look trendy and suit to all places whether commercial or residential. 
improve lighting!
the lighting of your house should also be based on new trends that can help you save energy. the accurate consumption of energy can prove great in saving the cost. so, during the renovation project, you should make sure to invest the money on the branded lights. in short, these tips can help you improve the appeal of your house while staying in the economical zone. 


categories my blogtags bifold doors in nottingham, economical renovation projects 







top 6 loft ladder safety tips to avoid hazards 
march 10, 2020march 10, 2020 by lily jennings 







loft ladders are essential for accessing the lofts and we
need to install these lofts correctly to keep away ourselves from any kind of hazards.
if you don’t want to put yourself in risk then follow this blog where we have
told you what safety tips for accessing loft ladders.
fixpoint of contact
you all need to make sure that contact points are fixed of ladders because if you people will carry some stuff through this so you don’t need to be worried about stumbling. loft ladders have 3 points of contact whenever you ascend or descend. 
check your loft hatch
it’s imperative to see loft hatch once either it is large
enough or not. if it is not big enough then it would be difficult to stand perfectly.
make sure you people have chosen the good size of loft hatch to keep everything
there. 
don’t carry too much
stuff
while ascending on loft its important don’t carry too many things because it could be risky enough. just go for the small portions and then lift up the required things or which you can carry easily. 
go for the assistance
carrying up so many things with you on the ladder isn’t ideal at all. you need to have someone standing at the base of the ladder to protect you from sudden fall or stumbling. if any accident occurs then someone would be there to help you out. this is why assistance is necessary.
don’t allow young
children
it would be risky to allow young children and pets to climb
over the ladder. keep them away from trying out this hazardous thing. give
strict instructions to kids that don’t try these experiments it may hurt you.
go for the best
manufacturer
buying best quality loft ladders will keep you safe from accidents and it is really important to choose good manufacturers who have been working on quality for years and never disappoint you. loft ladders in essex are known as one of the best ladders for the loft which is well designed and complement the loft as well as made up of robust material.
these are the tips to avoid hazardous incidents with loft
ladders. make sure you people have been following all these things religiously.



categories my blog 







top 5 things to consider while adding bifold doors in the room 
february 27, 2020february 27, 2020 by lily jennings 







bifold doors are the best option to give your space a spacious feel and if you people are planning doors for installation then don’t waste time in other things and go for high-quality doors. experts would give you valuable suggestions. it doesn’t matter you are living in what area best bifold doors are available in a huge variety. well, when you people decide to install bifold doors in the room then the following things need to be considered. take a look
go for the
constructive approach
if you want to make your investment best out of everything then choose something creative or constructive. plan how many walls you need to take up with doors? do you need traffic doors? how many sets of bifold doors would be needed? it will brighten up the room and make the room spacious as well. 
choose the best material
wooden bifold doors give an aesthetic appearance to keep your place well insulated. aluminum bifold doors are light and durable because of the best material chosen. the best material would spruce up the appearance not only for a long time but give a durable appearance. composite doors nottingham is the best manufacturers who have been providing the best quality doors for years
finishing approach
after selecting the best material then go for the right finishing and different color options. it’s up to you either you go for translucent wood stain or highlighting timber’s natural color. best finishing would add grace to your room. go for the expert advice you will get maximum color schemes for the bifold doors. for those who are living in nottingham, they would come to know what finishing approaches are being chosen these days? expert advice is free almost there.
fitting options for
doors
bifold doors are easy to install and it would be much easier with experts because they know where to fit these doors. get the help of professional experts for door fitting. expert installation of bifold doors in nottingham is being done. check out the professional installation in your area.
these are the things that we need to consider for the installation of the bifold doors for your room. door planning is important and if you are failed in the selection and choosing the best fitters then you won’t be achieving the desired look of the space. do a detailed search before going for the option.


categories my blog 







how to keep your place cool with bifold doors in summers? 
february 19, 2020february 19, 2020 by lily jennings 







it has been seen everyone is paying attention to keep their place cool in summers and for this, they are implementing quick and effective solutions to allow fresh air in the home. how about installing bifold doors? by opening these doors towards outside fill up your space with fresh and cool breeze. it creates a perfect summer look. here in this blog, we are going to let you know how bifold doors help you, people, to keep your place cool in summers.
go for glazing option
how many of you know about the glazing option? it keeps you warm in winter and cools in summers. it makes these doors completely sealant for making this completely extra energy efficient. it also keeps home well insulated and won’t allow the heat loss during winter months. if i would say it provides a shield to protect you from the heat of summers. if you haven’t planned this to install yet then go for the best bifold doors in nottingham these doors are best in quality. 
include integrated
blinds
bifold doors include integrated blinds which are very popular. these blinds are for bifold doors to provide an effective solution to adjust light and shade as well as keep space cool from summer’s heat.  it creates a perfect sunshade for every home and allows to get adjusted with natural light as well.
easy to clean
it won’t provide only privacy but these bifold doors are easy to clean and maintain. nowadays the latest designs are available that give the clutter-free appearance. increase its aesthetic appearance with high-quality bi-fold doors.
complement with other
decorative items
why don’t you complement doors with some decorative items? to increase the natural light in a room, add a roof lantern that allows you to match with bifold doors appearance. you people can add so many other decorative ornaments for making it aesthetically good. 
these are the few suggestions that keep your place cool in summers with bifold doors. take the help of experts to find out the best solution. choose the best manufacturers for the doors for the latest designs and little maintenance. do let us know how it went this summers with these doors?


categories my blog 







how to maintain different types of driveways? 
february 10, 2020february 10, 2020 by lily jennings 







whenever you are planning a new driveway it’s important to know about do’s and don’ts for this and we all know maintenance is very much important for the life of the driveway. do you know how to treat different types of driveways? what are the tips and tricks that will help out to maintain driveways for a long time? have a look 
gravel driveways
driveways will last long only if you pay attention to and there are different tips for maintaining different type of driveways. with gravel driveways, you have to weed regularly and rake regularly. to keep up the driveways it’s important to weed regularly and you can use different types of weed killers as well. with raking you people can level up the surface and fill in with gravel to not cause any problem.
concrete driveways
this one is another famous type of driveways and concrete
driveways will last long for so many years if we take care of this. all you
need to do is to fill up with sealant and protect from wear & tear. you can
do this every year or once in two years. just clean your driveways regularly or
once in a week to get rid of the dirt & debris from the driveways.
paving 
we all used to have paved driveways in our homes and it has been seen people are doing wonders on paving with bricks, concrete and different natural stones. it’s important for its maintenance to weed regularly and cleaning. sweep or power wash once in a week and if you see hard stains then use the best detergent to clean the paving surface. make sure you are following the same direction written on the label of the detergent.  landscaping in bromsgrove is offering affordable deals to spruce up the paved driveways of your home. go and avail of their discount offer. you would definitely love this.
asphalt
it’s a common material to be used in driveways. asphalt driveways look neat and smart for a long time. if you want to keep it in good condition then you have to clean to stop dirt and debris. use detergent to get rid of grease stains and avoid patches for not getting discolored with mild detergent.
these are the tips and tricks that we have gathered for you to take an idea on how to maintain different driveways materials. driveways will last long only if we pay attention to this carefully. make sure you people are hiring experts for this. driveways in solihul are spruced up under the supervision of experts. do let us know about experts in your area how they are treating driveways to clean. 


categories my blog 







top 5 tips to clean block paved driveways without pressure washer 
january 30, 2020january 30, 2020 by lily jennings 







block paving can be cleaned easily with a pressure washer but here we are going to share what else do we need rather than pressure wash. it would help you in cleaning block paved patio and driveways as well for the regular maintenance. it will look good and increase aesthetics. take a look here in this blog and do let us know how much was it useful for you for cleaning bock paving driveways?
remove grease &
spills
this is imperative to get rid of grease & brake fluid from driveways to keep up the appeal of driveways. all you need to do is to clean grease and use absorbent to remove this. it’s up to you whatever absorbent you want to use on this and leave it for a couple of hours. you can also leave it for 24 hours for stubborn stains.
use powder detergent
it is best for people to use powder detergent over stubborn stains. it also works. just take 2 cup detergent in hot water and dissolve quickly. for asphalt driveways and block paving, we want you to use recommended detergents.  let it sit for at least 30 minutes and scrub it off the stained areas with decking brush and detergent. 
must have the
essential tools
to get rid of the stubborn stains we all need to have
important tools. it doesn’t matter you are about to clean block paved driveways
or concrete these tools will help you in preparing the surface. such as grill
brush, absorbent, broom, sprayer, detergent & bucket.
sweep off the dry
leaves
we want you to sweep off the dry leaves because it would look unattractive and would create hurdles in removing stains. rake the surface and sweep the entire driveway. fallen leaves would create a mess that is not good so get rid of the leaves immediately.
pressure wash
driveways
this one is the best approach to remove dirt, mud & mildew to give an appealing appearance with power washing. make sure you people are using the best quality pressure wash to remove dirt and debris. soak the surface and use the recommended detergent only.  spruce up block paving in worcester with high-quality experts. these are some tips that we gathered for you to clean block paved driveways without pressure wash. you can clean driveways with these simple and quick  


categories my blog 







top 5 things need to consider for winter home maintenance 
january 8, 2020january 8, 2020 by lily jennings 







winters used to be harsh and we have to pay proper attention to home maintenance. don’t forget to check the home is ready for winter or not. it is not that much difficult as we used to imagine it would be but pay attention to these things carefully to avoid disruption. protect your place from the harsh climatic conditions. have a look
inspect drainage
winters rainfall might cause disruption & destruction for you all. well maintained gutters won’t create any destruction for the roof. make sure fallen leaves are taken out from the drainage. inspect the drainage and if any maintenance is needed then do it fast. landscaping bromsgrove company allows its customers to get done with the detailed inspection of drainage first to avoid any issue before landscaping and driveways installation.
clean driveways
usually, driveways have oil stains and fallen leaves with dust and debris look inappropriate over the driveways. it won’t increase the appearance of the home. driveways in solihul are well maintained by the experts and you can hire experts for the cleaning and refurbishment of the paving. do check it out in your nearby areas as well.
weatherproof exterior
pipes
the freezing temperature would be the major problem for external pipes and to not let the crack frozen pipe weatherproofing is essential. to avoid moisture, replace the worn parts immediately. 
check electrical
system
no one wants dark for a long time in winters so to avoid this check the electrical system. make sure you have seen the main service panel for spark, inspect breaker wires for bad insulation & discoloration. check the test power through circuits. why don’t you get an inspection from an expert electrician? they will do a detailed inspection in no time.
seal doors &
windows
do check doors and windows for leakage. if you find leaky doors and windows the for old ones add new weather-stripping. once you will be done with the windows weather-stripping gets done this for doors as well. caulk the gaps with exterior latex caulk as well as check the condition of a gasket as well. in case of worn then replace it.
these are the basic things that need to consider for winter
home maintenance. make sure you have followed the maintenance guide. get the
help of experts they will help you out in figuring out what should be done and
what should not.


categories my blog 




post navigation
older posts
1
2
…
5
next → 






search for:




categories

bathroom designing

driveways

home improvement

landscaping

loft boarding

loft ladders

loft storage

mortgage

my blog

windows & doors




recent posts


dos and don’ts for successful home remodel projects!


restyle your storage area with these 3 tips!


4 mistakes that people do while renovating their place!


these tips will let you renovate the house economically!


top 6 loft ladder safety tips to avoid hazards


tagsapartment styling
bathroom designers
best material for patio doors
bifold doors
bifold doors in nottingham
cost-effective landscaping tips
de-cluttering ideas
designers in dorset
driveway cleaning
driveways
driveways in bromsgrove
driveways in solihull
economical renovation projects
folding doors
home decor
home improvement
installation of windows
insulated homes in essex
landscaped garden
landscaping ideas
loft boarding
loft boarding in essex
loft conversion
loft conversions in essex
loft designing ideas
loft ladders
loft ladders in essex
loft storage
mistakes during home renovation
patio doors
professional cleaners
resin bound
resin bound driveways
roof windows
roof windows in universities
selection of loft ladders
skylight windows
small apartment
space saving ideas
storage area
storage rooms
storeroom
sunlight
ventilation
windows
 







					© 2018 all rights reserved. c21 homes and land 




scroll back to top












