










salem farm


































salem farm






menu
home
females

smudge
shotzie
panda
sparkle
jetta
paris
chilly
hottie
skittles
abbie


males

mason
bammbamm


puppies for sale
contact us
 












puppies 8 weeks old!!!
abby/bushy puppies born 5/4/23 by c-section/spay. vet let me assist in drying them off and stimulating their breathing.



read more








new puppies!!!
abby/bushy puppies born 5/4/23 by c-section/spay. vet let me assist in drying them off and stimulating their breathing.



read more












how i got started
salem’s a little smudge
9 1/2 inches tall 12 pounds
i had been involved with shelties for 15 years, producing 1 akc champion and quite a few obedience and agility dogs. i love my shelties but i wanted to cut back on the every day vacuuming of dog hair. i decided on a soft coated wheaten terrier. i did my research and started contacting breeders. fortunately for me, one of my first phone calls was to tanya afman in ga. i, explained that i lived on a farm, had 4 older spayed shelties, about 100 rabbits, minature donkeys, ducks, geese and chickens. tanya didn’t think that this would be a good environment for a soft coated wheaton. tanya also raised havanese. she gave me some of the background of the breed and suggested that i check the havanese out. the havanese personality, size and non-shed was exactly what i was looking for. i contacted tanya and asked to be on her long waiting list.
smudge
i was on tanya’s waiting list for 5 months before a litter was born. my only requirement was a dark head and a female. smudge was my first havanese. i fell in love with the havanese breed. the personality of the havanese is absolutely unique. now, i was thinking about showing and breeding. when smudge was about a year old, i took her down to sandy barnes for an evaluation. if smudge was of pet quality i would spay her and keep her as a pet and look for a 2nd havanese with show potential. sandy thought smudge was a nice havanese, with some minor faults. we discussed breeding her to sandy’s beanie. beanie had the qualities to offset smudges faults. out of that first litter one puppy was sold to rebecca elliott who owner handled salem’s a precious gem to her championship. my first champion —- in my first litter—- wow— i was hooked.
smudge is definitely a character. she thinks, her job in life is to make me laugh. give her an empty sour cream container and she will throw it around for an hour, always checking that i am watching.  sadly, smudge passed away at age 14.















 

archives

july 2018



meta

log in









copyright © 2025 salem farm. powered by wordpress. theme: spacious by themegrill. 














