 











home






























 















 

  

  

  

  








 





 




about

 






back




beliefs






shalom






leadership






know jesus










  ministries

  





back




awana






men






women










  connect

  





back




church bulletin






events calendar






additional resources










  sermons

  





back




all sermons






by speakers






by series












contact






giving










 

 today is the day of salvation! is jesus christ your personal savior?












 





simply jesus
		







simply jesus
		


 


 








 join us this week



 
sunday
main service - 10a
wednesday
midweek service - 7p
awana (sep - may) - 6:30p




 
direction  






 

 




all

















 

events calendar
 









        want to view events beyond our weekly bulletin? our online calendar is available for viewing here.
    

view








 

church bulletin
 









        not sure who to contact for certain event or when it would be? start here, our online bulletin has all the events for the week and their respective contacts information. check it early, often, and before attending the desired event.
    

view










 

awana
 









        awana is an international, bible-centered youth ministry providing local churches with weekly clubs and programs for children. our goal is to reach boys, girls, and their families with the gospel of christ and train them to serve him.
    

more








 

one step to freedom
 










this ministry is currently on hiatus, please contact church office if you need addiction support.
    









 

home fellowship
 









        meet with our brothers and sisters in christ in a comfortable and intimate setting where god’s word is clearly taught, and opportunities for worship and individual prayer are offered.
    







 

men's ministry events
 









        men, come and join us for our weekly saturday morning prayer meeting, scheduled breakfasts, and bbq’s. enjoy spending time with other men, “iron sharpening iron,” time in prayer, testimony from our brothers, and learning of the word of god.
    

more










 

women's ministry events
 









        join us as we learn together many important lessons from a variety of women in the bible and building friendship as sisters in christ.
    

more








 

young adult fellowship
 









        whether it is proclaimed by a professor, a co-worker, or the guy at the next table in the coffee shop, there are a lot of competing worldviews out there…and few are biblical. our desire is to develop a rational biblical worldview by seeking to apply god’s word to our lives, while recognizing materialistic and pantheistic worldviews for what they are.
    














 

we give


because god gave first


 ways to give









 


ready to serve?stop by the welcome table for more information or contact us


email
ccoffice at calvarysac.org


contacts










 

ccs


we are a non-denominational fellowship that provides a place for the growth and nurture of those who believe in the lordship of jesus christ. our focus is on the inerrancy of the bible and the expository teaching of it.






 

bible reading plans




 5 x 5 x 5

 52-week

 bible reading chart

 chronological

 discipleship journal

 every word in a bible

 historical

 straight through the bible






 

additional resources


 his channelgot questionsblue letter bible 
good reads andrew murray - absolute surrender a. w. tozer - pursuit of god a. w. tozer - knowledge of the holy chuck smith - living water chuck smith - how grace changes everything roy hession - the calvary road










 



   6750 florin perkins rd. #100, sacramento, ca 95828




  916.387.9750




  916.387.9752




  ccoffice at calvarysac.org









            ©
        2025
    calvary chapel sacramento
            
















