











home - the center post-dispatch



























      saturday, february 15, 2025    





 log in
              



                search              



                e-edition              



                subscribe              









 




            34 °
          

            cloudy          

            forecast
          

















advanced search










toggle navigation




main menu






home



                    community news                  


                    sports                  


                    obituaries                  


                    opinion                  


                    marketplace                  



                    calendar 



                          view the calendar                        


                          post an event                        




                    classifieds                  



                    send us your news! 



                          anniversary announcement                        


                          birth announcement                        


                          birthday announcement                        


                          engagement announcement                        


                          obituary announcement                        


                          wedding announcement                        


                          letters to the editor                        


                          report news                        


                          change of address                        


                          delivery issues                        


                          vacation stop                        





                    web extras 



                          agriculture                        


                          automotive                        


                          books                        


                          business                        


                          education & careers                        


                          entertainment                        


                          food                        


                          gardening                        


                          green living                        


                          health                        


                          home improvement                        


                          kids & family                        


                          lifestyle                        


                          money matters                        


                          outdoors                        


                          pets                        


                          real estate                        


                          seniors                        


                          spanish                        


                          tech                        


                          travel                        


                          trivia, history & games                        




                    subscribe                  















 










top stories






								supply, demand and the elephant in the room							


							monte vista — when stephen nicholson opened his keynote speech “our challenges and opportunities: there is much to consider” at the southern rocky mountain agricultural conference on wednesday, he began with the challenges facing the san luis valley. he didn’t pull any punches. but no one in the room was caught by surprise, either. 						



				more local news				




community






						lindo jalisco: authentic mexican cuisine with a warm, friendly smile					


					alamosa — it’s 8 o’clock on a wednesday night, a typically slow time for many restaurants in alamosa. but at lindo jalisco? not so much. 				








						slvtu: cultivating conservation and inspiring future stewards					


					the valley — the san luis valley chapter of trout unlimited (slvtu) is making waves with a year full of exciting updates, achievements, and initiatives aimed at fostering a love for conservation, education, and our valley's waterways. from new logos to student programs, scholarships, and well-deserved state recognition, slvtu is truly “cultivating conservation” in every sense. 				








						fort garland museum celebrates paint date					


					fort garland — fort garland museum and cultural center expressed thanks to taylor bradley hubbard for a successful paint date on feb. 8.  				








						‘somos agua’, how water connects us all					


					alamosa — there’s a new book on the shelves at narrow gauge book co-operative titled “somos agua” written by local author belinda garcia. the title of the book is simple. the images on the cover are vibrant and alive. and both are actually promises of what’s found inside the book which, simply put, is powerful and profound.  				








						high school mixed choir festival returns to alamosa feb. 20-22					


					alamosa — the adams state university “high school mixed choir festival,” a prestigious event, returns on feb. 20-22. it features some of the finest high school choral musicians in the southwest, including both an auditioned (symphonic choir) and director-recommended choir (concert choir). 				








						arellano brothers with stadler, pearcy and richmond at society hall					


					alamosa — society hall, the performance space, concert hall and community gathering place at 400 ross ave. in alamosa, is proud to welcome the arellano brothers with jimmy stadler back to the society hall stage, on saturday, feb. 15, at 7 p.m., with doors opening at 6. 				





			read more community news			








read our e-edition







				see every issue				




center school district facebook

facebook















news








sen. bennet candidly talks trump’s first month

							washington d.c. — u.s. senator michael bennet (d-colo.) held a call with the press in colorado on thursday morning to discuss president donald trump’s first month in the white house. bennet was candid about significant concerns he has with a number of issues. 						









public advised to avoid backcountry roads in conejos county

							conejos county — conejos county sheriff garth crowther is requesting cooperation and assistance in keeping conejos county’s backcountry roads safe during this winter-spring season.  						









prescribed burns planned alamosa, mv nwrs

							alamosa — through april 30, the u.s. fish and wildlife service plans to conduct prescribed fire operations on the monte vista and alamosa national wildlife refuges to remove old and matted vegetation and improve wildlife habitat. 						






			more news			


 




opinion






planning for an early fire season
considering the poor snowfall this year i thought it would be appropriate to revisit a question i’ve answered hundreds of times throughout my career. each spring people ask me “what do you think fire season will be like this year?” i always answer with the same reply: “you can never tell until the year is over.” in my mind however, this really begs the next two questions, what are my local firefighting agencies doing to prepare for the coming wildfires and what should i do to prepare? 





			more opinion			




classifieds


					classifieds for week of feb. 12				


				01 tickets    

 02 card of thanks   

 03 memorials   

 04 lost & found   

 05 notices   

 for information on meetings for alanon narcotics anonymous  …			


			more classifieds			


 








sports

alamosa leads class 3a after second day of state wrestling




							denver – the alamosa high school boys wrestling team is in first place after the second day of the colorado high school activities association class 3a tournament friday at ball arena. 

 the  …						



				more sports				


 




more sports






alamosa boys snap long losing streak
monte vista – the alamosa high school boys basketball team tasted victory for the first time since dec. 20 on tuesday as they defeated monte vista 50-44 at the mvhs gym. 

 the win ended a  …








alamosa girls comeback nips monte vista
monte vista – the seventh-ranked alamosa high school girls basketball team had a tougher time than expected when it traveled to face monte vista on tuesday. 

 the lady pirates came out ready  …








16 slv wrestlers advance to state semifinals
alamosa – the first day of the 2025 colorado high school activities association state wrestling tournament took place thursday at ball arena in denver. 

 a total of 16 wrestlers have  …













obituaries








charlotte june sheely

							charlotte june sheely slipped the surly bonds of earth and touched the face of god on feb. 12, 2025. 						









sharon edmiston seago

							sharon edmiston seago (born april 24, 1942, perrytown, texas) departed this earth in the early hours of friday, jan. 24, 2025, in colorado springs.						









charlene elizabeth ameel

							charlene elizabeth ameel, 78, beloved and deep-rooted member of the creede community, passed away peacefully at home on jan. 28, 2025. her multi-faceted involvement and love have been vital to creede’s ultimate well-being and have stretched across generations. her passing leaves a void that will be hard to fill. 						









kirk rhoton thompson 

							kirk rhoton thompson, 78, of south fork, colo., passed away peacefully on jan. 21, 2025, in highland village, texas. kirk was born in arizona on april 1, 1946, to june rhoton thompson and jw (dub) thompson.  						









mary louise ‘mary lou’ bassett

							mary louise "mary lou" bassett, age 84, passed away peacefully on nov. 17, 2024, at home in cibolo, texas, surrounded by her family. 						






			more obituaries			


 







						feature stories from around the web					









ai chatbots are becoming romance scammers — and 1 in 3 people admit they could fall for one




						(bpt) - by mcafeeit started with a dm.for five months, 25-year-old computer programmer maggie k. exchanged daily messages with the man she met on instagram, convinced she had found something  …					

 





10 can't-miss places to visit in the winter




						are you looking for trip ideas to embrace the cold weather months? copilot compiled 10 drivable u.s. locations that are ideal for winter visits.					

 





noaa’s vast public weather data powers the local forecasts on your phone and tv – a private company alone couldn’t match it




						noaa operates fleets of satellites, sensors on airplanes and ocean-going buoys, as well as radar, providing the data used by weather forecasters nationwide – and freely available to anyone.					

 












                  2205 state ave. alamosa co
                          phone: 719-589-2553







              about us            


              contact us            


              terms of service            






 



 











          © copyright 2025 the center post-dispatch        

powered by creative circle media solutions










