

the natural law party of the united states of america


































































































important announcement
the national headquarters of the natural law party have closed effective on april 30, 2004. please now contact your state natural law party headquarters for information by clicking here.  for more information about the close of the national offices, click here.
the us peace government is now carrying forward the programs, policies, and ideals of the natural law party. dr. john hagelin, the 2000 nlp presidential candidate, is now president of the us peace government, and many former nlp candidates and supporters have taken leadership positions in this new, complementary government, whose purpose is to prevent social violence, terrorism, and war and to promote harmony and peace in the u.s. and throughout the world. we encourage all supporters of the natural law party to consider giving their support now to the us peace government. for more information, please click here.








hagelin on the iraqi conflict: a commentary in the des moines register read







dr. john hagelin launches new u.s. peace government
 
during an historic press conference in washington, d.c., nlp 2000 presidential candidate dr. john hagelin launched his new u.s. peace government to bring prevention-oriented, problem-free administration to america. more>







creating an ideal administration:
excerpts from manual
for a perfect government
 
dr. john hagelin's manual for a perfect government, now in its second printing, provides a comprehensive action plan to create an ideal national administration in accord with natural law. more>






 permanent peace the mechanics of global
transformation
 
robert oates's new book  permanent peace provides a clear and compelling analysis of proven programs that can diffuse societal tension and create lasting peace. more>







 











 
 





the natural law party—america’s leading voice for prevention-oriented government—offers voters forward-looking, scientifically proven solutions to the nation's problems, including: 
 


•
creating peace-based international relations


•
ensuring a strong economy


•
ending special-interest control of government


•
creating a true health care system


•
education that develops students’ full potential


•
effective crime prevention


•
protecting the environment


•
cutting taxes responsibly


•
safeguarding america’s food supply


•
mandating labeling of genetically engineered foods












 
  
home | 
	introduction | 
	platform | 
	news | 
	states | 
	campaign 2000 

candidates | 
	students | 
	genetic engineering 

email congress |
	

books



 
 
 



