acm siguccs  acm siguccs   menu  skip to content about usboardbylawshistoryparticipateawardsjoinvolunteerconnectemail listssocial mediashare siguccsattendannual conferenceconference exhibitorsvirtual affinity groupslearndigital librarythe siguccs academynewsletterbook clubpast webinars  search for:       acm siguccs what is siguccs?an association of professionals who support and manage the diverse aspects of information technology services at higher education institutions. the special interest group on university and college computing services (siguccs) is a community of it professionals from helpdesk employees to cios who help higher education institutions leverage current technology to foster discovery and learning. siguccs will travel to the mile high city for our next annual conference. please join us in denver april 6-9, 2025 for peak performance: innovate, collaborate, elevate!attend one of our monthly affinity groups to discuss topics and issues in higher-ed it.we know that making the most of technology often comes down to tapping into your own human network—and learning from the innovations and ingenuity of colleagues near and far. we help our members grow and thrive in their careers by connecting them to peers and leaders through our conferences, mentoring programs, and more.if you want to explore how you can take your passion for the support, delivery, and management of it services to the next level in higher education, we hope you’ll join us!about acmsiguccs is one of 37 special interest groups of acm, the association for computing machinery, the world’s largest educational and scientific computing society. acm provides the computing field’s premier digital library and serves its members and the computing profession with leading-edge publications, conferences, and career resources.in the united states, and throughout many regions around the world, current events have brought attention to the urgent need for equality and respect for all individuals. acm reaffirms its commitment to fostering diversity and inclusion within the global computer science community.  as an international organization of nearly 100,000 professionals, acm respects the essential worth of all people and firmly believes that diversity strengthens the scientific enterprise and society as a whole. acm’s code of professional ethics embodies these principles, and our diversity and inclusion council works to translate them into effective action. acm is committed to creating an environment that welcomes new ideas and perspectives, and where hostility or other harmful behaviors are not tolerated. as an organization, we stand with those who promote inclusivity.      search  search for:   newsletter categoriesnewsletter categoriesselect categoryawardsconference   2014 conference   2015 conference   2016 conference   2017 conference   2018 conference   2019 conference   2020 conference   2021 conference   2022 conference   2023 conference   2024 conference   2025 conference   takeawaynew postprofessional developmentsiguccs board   chair’s cornersiguccs commuitysiguccs people metalog inentries feedcomments feedwordpress.org  proudly powered by wordpress  