












free, reliable email for everyone - mail2world














get free account
services
features
pricing
business solutions
faqs
sign in









get the best email experience.
personalized email service that's as unique as you are.


get free account
available for your phone, your computer and your watch.
learn more

sign in





















connect. organize. share.
mail2world simplifies your life, with a central place to access, organize, and share emails, contacts, calendar events and files.









mail
manage multiple accounts under one roof. email overload is a thing of the past!







contacts
organize your personal and business contacts. create groups and mailing lists.







calendar
plan events and set your schedule. create private, shared or public calendars.







drive
store and share your important files. send large files as links.



learn more







why sign up?
the last email service you'll ever need.
convince yourself



free!
enjoy a free suite of services designed to help you be more productive, all from your inbox.

25 gb cloud storage
with up to 25 gb of free space, you can back up all your important files - even your not-so-important ones too.



unique @mail2 domains
stand out with your email address.  choose one from our 2000 domains - from @mail2art.com to @mail2cool.com - to suit all your needs.

secure, reliable, and protected
our top-notch filtering keeps your inbox virtually free of spam and other cyber threats.  our 100% uptime guarantee gives you 24x7 secure access to your data.








your email can really go places.
featuring an elegant, responsive design, the mobile app makes reading and sending email across multiple accounts and devices a breeze.














clean navigation
beautiful, flat design for a sleek and usable interface that focuses on what's important - email.









fast response
with smart features like pre-loading, caching and auto-detection, the app retrieves your emails in lightning fast speed.









all account in one
manage emails from exchange, gmail, outlook (hotmail), office 360, yahoo! mail, aol, icloud or any other imap server.









unified folders
combine emails from all of your accounts into a unified mailbox with smart folder or view each account separately.  it's your choice.











smart search
find any email, contact or attachment quickly and accurately in all accounts wether it's stored locally or in the cloud.









smart push notifications
customize notification sounds, importance, quite hours, specific sender, or specific folder  to match your lifestyle.









quick filters
aiming for inbox zero?  then use the app's handy filters to sort or display emails the way you want them.









email superpower
use cutting-edge email tools like snooze email, send email later, unsend email and quick reply to fly through your inbox.





learn more











awesomness everywhere!
our apps are availabe for iphone, ipad, android smartphones and tablets,
                        apple watch, android wear and all popular web browsers.
                     




live updating and sync
your emails, contacts, calendars, and files update and sync in real-time across your devices.


handy offline access
read, respond to, and search your emails even when you aren't connected to the internet.











webmail like no other.
mail2world webmail is powerful enough to be your everyday — every email — messaging app. in addition to robust email capabilities, it also seamlessly integrates with our other services to help you communicate more effectively..



smart inbox
advanced filtering
schedule emails
drag-n-drop emails
more





cloud storage maximized.
mail2world drive is the best secure place in the cloud to store, manage, and share your photos, videos, music and documents..



organize in folders
share files
drag-n-drop files
edit images online
more





calendar plus.
mail2world calendar is the perfect personal and business set of tools to stay organized. the online calendar's flexible layout and myriad of features ensure you stay on top of your schedule.



multiple calendars
shared calendars
event reminders
drag-n-drop events
more













more power. more features.
take your inbox to the next level with mail2world premium.
	                     best of all, everything works with your existing @mai2 account. there's no switching or hassle!





basic

                           free
                        

get started


25 gb of space
mail, contacts, calendar and drive
secure access (ssl)
sync across all devices
100's of useful features
online support center

become a premium user to benefit from exclusive features. once you sign up as a free user, you can easily upgrade your account.




premium

only $2999/yr


buy now




everything in basic
1 tb (1,000 gb) of space
ad-free inbox (all devices)
pop, imap and smtp
microsoft outlook connector
advanced spam protection




full-text search
email scheduling
vacation responder
auto email forwarding
multiple aliases
premium support



30-day money back gurantee.  you can cancel or downgrade at any time.









own a business?
millions of people and thousands of businesses trust mail2world with their email.  find out more about our robust, secure and scalable hosted cloud email solutions by visting our business website.
find out more


enterprise-level email










follow us








                           english (us)
                           









apps







services

webmail
contacts
calendar
drive



features

mobile
web



solutions

premium
business
enterprise
service providers
education



company

about us
press
privacy
terms



support

help center
service updates
service status






quick links -
create free account
go premium!
sign in



©2000 - 2025 mail2world, inc. all rights reserved.  trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners.























