



luxury hunting ranch in texas | greystone castle sporting club




























greystone castle sporting club


(254) 672-5927
contact us

home


rates


wingshooting


 upland bird hunting
european pheasant shoots
flighted mallard
dove/turkey hunting




exotics/whitetail


texas exotic hunts
whitetail deer hunting




shooting


sporting clays




other activities


trophy bass fishing
corporate events
weddings at greystone castle
additional activities




about us


castle history
accommodations & dining
news and links
meet us
testimonials
blog
photo gallery




contact us


privacy & terms


site map








menu


book now
(254) 672-5927
greystone castle sporting club
(254) 672-5927
contact us










texas hospitality in an extraordinary setting






welcome to greystone castle
greystone castle is a texas sporting facility that offers some of the best hunting in the united states. we are ideally located near the dallas/fort worth metropolitan area and offer easy access for domestic and international travelers.our 6,000-acre ranch and castle facility allows us to offer an unmatched range of sporting and hunting activities combined with luxury accommodations and gourmet dining.  we offer a huge variety of bird hunting and big game hunting opportunities.
castle history














hunting opportunities
at greystone castle, you will have the option to participate in a variety of premium hunting opportunities. your choices include award winning bird hunts, trophy whitetail deer hunting, turkey hunting, exotics including axis deer, blackbuck antelope, multiple sheep species, red stag and many more. we are an orvis endorsed wingshooting lodge and your bird hunting trips can include dove, quail, pheasant, hungarian partridge, duck, and turkey. combine any of these hunts with our five star rated lodging and you have a hunting trip fit for a king.







sporting activities
sporting activities go way beyond just hunting, we offer fun for the entire family. greystone castle offers, safari-style tours, nature walks through the beautiful landscape, sporting clays and trophy bass fishing. additional activities include poker in the african game themed gun room, billiards in the pavilion, a rifle and pistol range, static and 3d archery ranges, paddle boarding, kayaking, and the list just goes on.
see our full list of activities







corporate events
the greystone castle is a full service corporate event facility. we provide a comfortable and unique setting to accomplish the goals of your team. offering complete corporate event planning, corporate team building activities and games. all complete with luxury accommodations that include meals, beverage services and relaxing surroundings.
learn more







award-winning hunting ranch
greystone castle has proudly been an orvis-endorsed hunting lodge for well over 20 years and has been honored to receive several wingshooting lodge of the year awards. we are excited to have been nominated as a finalist for this prestigious award again in 2024, and we would also like to congratulate our guide, hunter lively, on winning the 2024 orvis endorsed wingshooting guide of the year award. we look forward to more big and exciting things in greystone castle's future!
learn more about us















greystone castle sporting club
65756 interstate 20
mingus, tx 76463
(254) 672-5927
info@greystonecastle.com

connect




site mapprivacy & terms







                        2025 photos & text copyright - © greystone castle sporting club
                        3plains.com - outfitter web design



back to top










