


  







cnc & cad/cam solutions for education - denford ltd cnc technology supplies



















































































denford ltd cnc technology supplies



call
					


find
					


menu
					


products


choose a product

machines & software cnc routers & pcb engravers



pcb engraver
mcr 100 (previously f1 router)
compact 1000 / compact 1000 pro
router 2600 / router 2600 pro
router 6600 / router 6600 pro
machine benches
router accessories
project equipment & consumables




cnc milling machines & lathes



vmc 1300 pro
turn 270 pro
turn 370 pro
micromill pro
microturn pro
denford duo
machine benches
project equipment & consumables




software



lasercam 2d design
quickcam 2d design
quickcam pro
vr cnc milling 6
quickturn 2d design
vr cnc turning
virtual wind tunnel




lasers & cutter plotters



vls series lasers
large format vls series lasers
silhouette cameo 4




waterjet cutters



wazer waterjet cutter
wazer pro




f1 in schools router packages



f1 in schools packages




f1 in schools equipment




stem projects


educational projects

f1 in schools stem challenge
f1 in schools primary class
denford primary stem project
f1 in schools equipment
f1 in schools stem studio
denford classroom projects
project of the week




services


choose a service

after sales support
training courses
software downloads & support



software downloads
manual downloads
help downloading
vista, windows 7, 8,10 and 11 compatibility




technical support forum




articles
about




about us
company history
commitment to stem
mission statement
quality statement




contact




get in touch
international markets
become a partner





 







search








 


























						 	cnc & cad/cam solutions for education						 
a british manufacturer with a global reputation for engineering excellence, denford designs and manufactures cnc lathes, milling machines and routers for the education market, alongside supplying laser cutters, pcp engravers, and more.
proud founder and sponsor of f1 in schools, denford is the official race equipment supplier for the competition.




view our product range










latest news and events



55 teams to compete in the aramco f1 in schools 2024 world finals in saudi arabia
global education challenge f1 in schools has announced that 55 teams from around the world will be c...






read more


















							cnc machines							









							software							









							lasers							









							cnc mills							









							router accessories							









							project equipment & consumables							








cnc machines

for 80 years denford limited has striven to bring together the very best cad/cam and cnc manufacturing solutions for education and training.
we design and manufacture a comprehensive range of cnc milling machines, lathes and routers – specifically designed for the education & training market – and these denford products are a familiar feature in stem (science, technology, engineering and maths) and engineering facilities throughout the world.



software

denford’s range of software solutions covers all aspects of design and manufacture.
the range includes 2d design and manufacture software such as quickcam 2d design and quickturn 2d design and industry standard 3d design drafting and simulation software.
products such as quickcam pro are wizard based applications used to accept 3d stereo lithography files (stl) to create cutter paths for machining 3d parts on denford’s routers and milling machines.
denford’s vr cnc milling 6 cnc machine control software incorporates 2d dxf and dwg file import, as well as allowing import of gerber pcb files from all major pcb design packages.



lasers

denford’s range of lasers allow you to transform images or drawings on your computer screen into real items made from a variety of materials. these lasers are ideal for cutting, deep engraving, precision scribing, decorative etching on wood, plastic, fabric, leather, paper, rubber and will also mark glass, ceramic, metal and stone.



cnc mills

programmable spindle speeds and feed rates make the cnc mills ideal for cutting a range of resistant materials such as wax, plastic, acrylic, free cutting alloys, aluminium and steel.



router accessories

denford offer a comprehensive selection of router accessories to enhance the features of their range of cnc routers. these include a floating head for pcb manufacture, vacuum bed, vacuum pads and dust extraction options. an f1 in schools car manufacturing fixture is available, to enable the production of formula 1 class cars.  also on offer are the easyscan 3d scanner and 4th axis programmable rotary fixture (complete with quickcam 4d milling software).



project equipment & consumables

as proud founders and sponsors of the f1 in schools stem challenge, denford is the official supplier of all f1 in schools-related design, analyse, make, test and race equipment.
the latest generation of f1 in schools equipment, which has been designed and manufactured in the uk by denford, includes a lightweight, portable race track and a race control system with clear display and data storage, along with an air trace visualisation system. this equipment continues to be enhanced and developed to meet the technological demands of competing students. in addition, we offer a full range of consumables, including f1 model blocks, wheels, axles, paint stands and power packs.
denford also supplies all equipment and consumables to support the new f1 in schools primary class and the denford primary stem project.
traditional cnc tooling and consumables have not been neglected, including all materials for your cnc and laser output: cast acrylic sheets, wood, foam and aluminium, as well as high density modelling board and pcb board.














product focus















mcr 100 (previously f1 router)
a compact, desktop 3 axis cnc router, with totally-enclosed, interlocking guard, designed exclusively for the manufacture of f1 in schools cars.
an easy-to-use, low-cost machine, the mcr 100 makes f1 in schools more affordable and accessible to schools around the world.




view details















f1 in schools equipment
as proud founder and sponsor of the f1 in schools stem challenge, denford is delighted to be the official supplier of the very latest f1 in schools design, analyse, make, test and race equipment and consumables.
denford has developed a complete range of equipment to support the f1 in schools stem challenge, including a lightweight, portable race track, a race control system and an air trace visualisation system. in addition, we offer a full range of consumables, including f1 model blocks, wheels, axles, paint stands and power packs.




view details















router 2600 /router 2600 pro
a 3 axis cnc router with totally enclosed interlocking guard, suitable for all levels of education and training.
with its large capacity the router 2600 is ideal for cutting a range of resistant materials such as hard and soft wood, plastic, modelling foam, acrylic and prototyping material.
in addition, the router 2600 pro can cut non-ferrous metals.




view details





























testimonials













“as a council we have used denford as our number one supplier for cad/cam solutions for more than 5 years. the range of equipment and resources which they sell is robust, easy to use and fantastic for use in the classroom across all stages of education – ranging right through to university level and beyond. we have purchased cnc routers, a cnc lathe, numerous up 3d printers and a variety of resources associated with the f1 in schools stem challenge – all of which are regularly in use.
however, what makes denford stand out from other cad/cam companies is the exceptional level of support which they provide from the very start of the purchasing process, through delivery, and most importantly into after-sales support.  be it advice on how to get the most from the products in relation to various stages of the school curriculum, assistance with training or technical assistance, denford staff are always willing to support you wherever required.  most of all, the professional and personable way in which the staff go about their business means that i would never look anywhere else for cad/cam solutions.”


david dodds

								principal teacher curriculum - technologies (acting), inveralmond community high school													



we have had the pleasure of dealing with denford for the past 3 years. nothing is too much trouble for them and we always feel we are their number one priority. they understand their product and are keen to ensure we get the most of our machine. they are professional and ethical which are important qualities for our school.
we have no hesitation in fully recommending them.


doreen houghton

								resources manager, st bede's inter-church school													



having put up with an unreliable laser cutter for a number of years, we decided to go for a universal laser systems’ vls series laser. i contacted a number of uk suppliers: denford’s quote was the most competitive and the staff were very helpful throughout the ordering process. delivery happened in a timely manner – mitch drove the machine down to us, installed it and then trained the department on how to use it. it’s already had lots of use and we are very happy with our purchase. we would not hesitate to recommend denford!


james perkis

								the london academy													



when i experienced a problem with my up 3d printer, i was referred to denford by the manufacturer. denford responded to me within a couple hours and immediately began helping me. they made the replacement part to the manufacturers’ specifications and it came to my door within a matter of days.
i would not hesitate to recommend denford to anyone. they are efficient. the staff are polite and helpful and their customer support is unrivalled. go to denford and see for yourself.


michael cruse

								mechanical engineering apprentice													



3d printing is the future of manufacturing, so it’s absolutely vital that children develop an understanding of how the process works from a very early age. up plus 2 printers are an affordable, high-quality option for all schools to invest in real-world learning for their students.



mark noblet

								primary school senior leader and consultant													




 





denford are the proud sponsors of:














denford limited
							armytage road
							brighouse
							west yorkshire
							hd6 1qf
							united kingdom

 01484 728000
 learn more about us
 contact us




products

cnc machines
software
lasers
router accessories
project equipment & consumables


 cad cam cnc support forum
 download product catalogue
 software downloads




projects

engineering in motion
f1 in schools
f1 in schools primary class
denford primary stem project



latest news & events

55 teams to compete in the aramco f1 in schools 2024 world finals in saudi arabia
global education challenge f1 in schools has announced that 55 teams from around the world will be c...
view all news 
read full story 







© denford limited 2025

sitemap
privacy policy
cookies policy
						website designed and developed by 

















denford webshop





brochure download





contact us















