

electrical plumbing safety supplies wholesale brass stainless steel copper fitting pipe







































 data/comm 

 electrical 

 hvac 

 industrial 

 lighting 

 plumbing 

 tools 

 safety 









search: 


search by...
description
hillsupplies code
commodity code
manufacture code
all fields (default)
-
the internet


all of hillsupplies
in data / comm
in electrical
in hvac
in industrial
in lighting
in plumbing
in tools





















 specials

look here to check on recent product specials!





 manufacturers


visit manufacturer websites and get indepth info on specific products and models.



 



all transactionsare secured by




welcome to hill supplies! we hope that you find the updated interface easy to use - as you can see, many improvements have been made:



all products are searchable - quickly find exactly the items that you're looking for from our over 67,000 products online. the search field is placed conveniently on the upper menubar, and will always be available to you.
buy products online via the shopping cart - our custom-built shopping cart will keep track of your choices, as well as keep a running total. your transactions are kept secure using some of the strongest encryption technologies available. click here to try it out!
on-line help is available - having trouble figuring things out, or just have a question?  use the on-line help window! click here to try it out!
additional discounts - there are additional discounts based on monthly purchases. in order to receive these discounts customers must have an account with hill supplies. please contact us for volume purchasing. 


this website works best when viewed using microsoft internet explorer 11.0 or better.

if you have any questions, comments or complaints about this web-site, please don't hesitate to write us at :websales@hillsupplies.com











 news





well water supply informationlearn about maintaining a sanitary well and testing for pollutants and contaminants.














 new products





laser plumb bobthe rack-a-tiers infiniter laser plumb bob enables you to lay out overhead work on the ground and then quickly transfer the measurements.





pathfinder bitsmoothly cut through wood up to 3 times faster than conventional spade bits. a reduced shank allows curved or irregular holes, with angles up to 90°.





trap primer valveprecision plumbing products, inc.  automatically maintains a constant water seal in floor drain traps.








 top 

 customer service  |  shopping cart  |  contact  |  help 



all rights reserved. (copyright and disclaimer) hill supplies © 2004.f.o.b. 157 crosby avenue, richmond hill, ontario, canada, l4c 2r3   u.s. pricing information based on current exchange rate. rates are updated on a daily basis.e-mail : sales@hillsupplies.com   phone : (905)883-0633toll free : 1(877)hillsupplies (445-5787)





