



new humanist

























home
podcast
articles
search
about
subscribe






new humanist


a quarterly journal of ideas, science and culture from humanists uk













editor's choice


the second coming of donald j. trump


to many evangelicals, trump is not just a president but a messiah. how did he gain such mythic power, and where will it lead?
by matthew d. taylor




latest from the blog




the demise of fact-checking






will the next archbishop of canterbury stand up for victims?






the fight for the right to die isn't over yet












the winter 2024 new humanist is out now!

find out more about the latest issue


buy now or subscribe








latest articles


politics & conflict









the second coming of donald j. trump

to many evangelicals, trump is not just a president but a messiah. how did he gain such mythic power, and where will it lead?
read more about the second coming of donald j. trump





politics & conflict









in a word: coup

the latest from michael rosen's column on language and its uses
read more about in a word: coup





science & technology









the power of guesswork

sometimes, a good guess is the key to scientific discovery
read more about the power of guesswork





faith & religion









book review: cool christianity

cristina rocha tells the story of how the the "cool" global megachurch hillsong gained influence in brazil
read more about book review: cool christianity





rationalism, atheism & humanism









digging for rainbows

the contemporary poetry and music circle was hugely influential in the post-war years. its legacy is finally being unearthed
read more about digging for rainbows





culture









book review: absolution

this prequel to the southern reach trilogy breaks every rule – unsurprising for jeff vandermeer, the king of new weird fiction
read more about book review: absolution





politics & conflict









jaguar diplomacy

in brazil’s tropical wetlands, ecotourism has forged an uneasy truce between cattle farmers and their old enemies
read more about jaguar diplomacy





faith & religion









book review: the divine economy

paul seabright's new book describes how religions operate like businesses, competing for wealth and influence
read more about book review: the divine economy





science & technology









new life in the veins

from soviet scientists to tech moguls, blood has been the subject of our wildest experiments
read more about new life in the veins





mind, body & life









all the divorced ladies

women dating in their 50s and 60s is now normal and celebrated. let's take a moment to appreciate how far we've come
read more about all the divorced ladies





science & technology









book review: our moon

a new tribute to our celestial neighbour blends science and history – to surprisingly poetic effect
read more about book review: our moon





politics & conflict









"we need an expansion of free speech": q&a with tomiwa owolade

we talk to the author of “this is not america” about race, freedom of expression, and what is at risk when britain blindly emulates the us
read more about "we need an expansion of free speech": q&a with tomiwa owolade





culture









age rebels, unite!

meet the older people fighting discrimination. they might teach the rest of us how to live a good life
read more about age rebels, unite!





faith & religion









the vatican needs to confront its drug problem

as the church pushes for harsher drug laws in italy, a series of cases suggest that the priesthood is hiding a problem of its own
read more about the vatican needs to confront its drug problem





culture









the joy of crowds

crowds are often portrayed as risky, but they also have the potential to bring joy and liberation, as dan hancox explores in a new book
read more about the joy of crowds









sign up to our newsletter

email address




sign up

your email address is for our use only. we will never sell your details to anyone else.










something for your phone
never be lost for something to read with play dice, which randomly loads articles specially selected by our editors.
perfect for your phone.
ready to play dice?







subscribe to new humanist!
talented new writers, an elegant new design and thought-provoking content—delivered to your door.
find out more about subscribing to new humanist







listen to reason
intelligent thinking for turbulent times, from new humanist magazine. interviews with thinkers who speak to our age – on subjects including religion, race, politics, sex, tech, work and much more.
lend us your ear, here







 going up?




sections

home
blog
articles
play dice
podcast
contributors
subscribe
search




stay up to date

 bluesky
 twitter
 newsletter
 facebook
 rss feeds
 youtube
 apple podcasts
 ipad/iphone magazine



all about us

about us
contact
subscribe
refunds & cancellation policy
privacy policy
cookies








humanists uk
unit a
39 moreland street
london
ec1v 8bb
020 7324 3060
info@humanists.uk

all content © of humanists uk or its respective author.
design & front-end development by mr & mrs ok. web system by simplicityweb.





