  biotechnology information institute
  
  


 
    

     
   biotechnology
information institute  
  
 


   our ip is for sale!  this
includes the domain names biopharma.com, biopharma.org, aavvectors.com and dozens of other 'biopharma(ceutical)'
industry domains.     
     the biotechnology information institute
(bii) has serially developed unique high-end information resources (most archived, not currently marketed) and provides
consulting serving critical needs of the biotechnology and
pharmaceutical communities, particularly concerning biopharmaceuticals, their manufacturing (bioprocessing); 
the biopharma industry and related information resources, competitive intelligence, market research, etc. 

as a sole proprietorship, ronald a. rader, president, is responsible for
all of bii's products information resources including:  
 biopharma: 
biopharmaceutical products in the u.s.  and european markets:  still the only substantive 
(database equivalent to >2000 pages) biopharmaceutical products reference, particularly covering 
products's biotech, regulatory 
and commercial (i.e., non-medical) aspects 

 biosimilars/biobetters
pipeline directory (biosimilarspipeline.com):  formerly the most
extensive biosimilars (and biobetters, biogenerics, etc.) pipeline
information resource

 antiviral agents
bulletin:   for 15 years (1987-2003) the only industry periodical 
specializing in antiviral drug and vaccine development (32 pages/month;
over 5,500 pages; also online database)

 federal
bio-technology transfer directory:   covered all federal, e.g., nih,
inventions (patents) and technology transfers (licenses) in the biotechnology/biomedical
areas (687-page book in 1994; online database to 2000)



 
bii is currently concentrating on divesting its ip. 
   
    
   
biopharma:  biopharmaceutical
products in the u.s.  and european markets   


 
 archived database (up to ~2012/3) now free

online
 
 emphasis on products'
biotechnology and commerical aspects
in-depth descriptive and analytical monographs, with in-depth
indexing and relational links 
recognized as the essential reference for all concerned with
biopharmaceuticals - see the reviews.
    
  
   earlier works authored by
r. rader published by the biotechnology information institute: 
   
antiviral agents
bulletin   - from
april 1988 to march 2003     for 15 years, the antiviral agents bulletin was the only
periodical specializing in the research, development and
commercialization of antiviral and hiv therapeutics and vaccines. over
5,500 pages, published monthly, 32 pages/issue, each year the
bulletin presented over 400 in-depth news articles plus hundreds
of u.s patents and international patent disclosures and other
information, with in-depth annual indexes, analyses and reviews.  
   federal bio-technology
transfer directory  
- 678-page  book published in 1994; online database until early 2000. 
abstracted/indexed all federal laboratory (e.g., nih)
patents/applications, licenses granted and collaborative research and
development agreements (cradas) in the biomedical, biotechnology and
pharmaceutical areas.    

 
    
 consulting: 
 bii offers consulting specializing in information retrieval and
analysis, competitive intelligence, technology assessment, market
research, real-world problem solving and information resources development/publishing concerning
biotechnology and pharmaceutical products, research, development,
technologies, patents/technology transfer, marketing and public affairs.

see mr. rader's bio and
full resume
 
  contact information: 
    ronald a. rader
president biotechnology information institute rockville, md 
20852 phone: 301-424-0242  e-mail:  biotech@bioinfo.com   phone is the most reliable
contact method.       

  copyright©2024.  web site, including online
databases, developed by r. rader.

 




