




























cosmetic and laser center | boston medical center



























      skip to main content
    




utility menu


careers


donate


refer a patient


request an appointment


mychart


























about bmc





about bmc
boston medical center is committed to empowering all patients to thrive, through our innovative and equitable care. in addition to this commitment, our leadership in health equity, research, and teaching is driving the future of care.


who we are
mission
diversity, equity, and inclusion
health equity accelerator
quality and safety
care in our community
the teaching kitchen
our leadership
careers
nursing careers
sustainability
volunteer
bmc news
bmc health system
contact us







departments & conditions





departments
bmc physicians are leaders in their fields with the most advanced medical technology at their fingertips and working alongside a highly skilled nursing and professional staff.
search departments
conditions we treat
we offer diagnosis and treatment in over 70 specialties and subspecialties, as well as programs, services, and support to help you stay well throughout your lifetime.
search conditions


addiction medicine
adult primary care
anesthesia
cancer center
cardiovascular center
dentistry
dermatology
ear, nose and throat
emergency medicine
endocrinology
family medicine
gastroenterology
geriatrics
gendercare center
infectious diseases
kidney medicine
kidney transplant surgery
lab services
neurology
neurosurgery
nutrition and weight management
obstetrics and gynecology
ophthalmology
oral and maxillofacial surgery
orthopedic surgery
pediatric primary care
pediatric specialty care
pharmacy
physical and occupational therapy
plastic surgery
podiatry
psychiatry
pulmonology
radiology
rheumatology
sickle cell disease
surgery
thoracic surgery
travel medicine
urology
weight loss surgery
women's health
see all departments
find a provider







patients & visitors





patients & visitors
we are committed to providing the best experience possible for our patients and visitors. for both in-person and virtual visits, bmc is here to ensure you have everything you need to make your visit a success.


patient information
visitor information
directions and transportation
accessibility information
autism friendly initiative
hospital at home
billing and insurance
pricing and estimates
interpreter services







for medical professionals





for medical professionals
whether you’re a current employee or looking to refer a patient, we have the tools and resources you need to help you care for patients effectively and efficiently. in addition, we are devoted to training future generations of health professionals in our wide range of residency and fellowship programs.


tools and resources
refer a patient
chartlink
graduate medical education (gme)
office of minority physician recruitment
nursing
accountable care organization (aco)
education
solomont simulation center
pathology and laboratory medicine
residency and fellowship
administrative fellowship
family medicine residency
pharmacy residency
surgery fellowships
surgery residency







research





research
at boston medical center, research efforts are imperative in allowing us to provide our patients with quality care.


research at bmc
research news
office of research and sponsored programs
research centers and programs
bmc clinical data warehouse (cdw)
laboratory and biorepository research services core
collaborative research laboratory (core)
data and methods core







utility menu


careers


donate


refer a patient


request an appointment


mychart













search















popular searches

adult primary care
neurology
psychiatry
orthopedic surgery
radiology












cosmetic and laser center




















the boston university cosmetic & laser center is serious about beauty. the center’s distinguished physicians are industry-leading, board-certified dermatologists with advanced training in the most sophisticated and specialized aesthetic and dermatological procedures. this gives patients instant access to the latest treatments and technologies to help ensure beautiful results.specialtiesthe clinical experts at the bu cosmetic & laser center specialize in cosmetic and laser treatments for a wide range of aesthetic and dermatologic issues, including: acne scar treatments facial rejuvenation hair removal leg vein treatment non-invasive fat removalrosacea treatmentsscar treatment (burn scars and surgical scars) stretch mark treatments broken blood vessels and red spotsbrown spots and skin discoloration wrinkle and fine line treatment



cosmetic and laser center


contact us
conditions we treat
treatments & services
our team
additional information




contact us






            725 albany street, boston, ma 02118
            8th floor, suite 8b            shapiro center          


617.414.2676


tuesday, wednesday, friday 8am - 11:00 am, thursday 8 am - 3:30 pm




















conditions we treat



acne scars


skin folds and wrinkles


unwanted body fat







treatments & services

botox
botox®, the cosmetic form of botulinum toxin, is a popular non-surgical injection that temporarily reduces or eliminates frown lines, forehead creases, crow's feet near the eyes, and wrinkles and bands in the neck. 

read more



dermatologic fillers
used to reduce wrinkles and signs of aging on the face. brands used include restylane®, perlane®, radiesse®, and juvederm®. 

read more



cool sculpting
an innovative, non-invasive, and clinically proven method to reduce body fat in areas that aren’t responsive to exercise or dieting.

read more



photodynamic therapy
photodynamic therapy (pdt), also called photoradiation therapy, phototherapy, and photochemotherapy, has existed for about 100 years and is a type of cancer treatment that uses light to kill abnormal cells. a special drug called a photosensitizer or photosensitizing agent is circulated through the bloodstream.

read more




our team
the center’s renowned physicians have authored numerous scientific publications and have lectured extensively. professional, experienced staff aid patients before, during, and after each visit. boston medical center's dermatology associates, also at the center, care for patients’ general dermatology needs including acne, rashes, and skin examinations to evaluate moles.











neelam a. vashi, md


				dermatologist
			















additional information

news














want to keep up with the latest news from boston medical center? sign up for our monthly patient newsletter, your bmc.



subscribe to our newsletter
















        boston medical center models a new kind of excellence in healthcare, where innovative and equitable care empowers all patients to thrive.
      
one boston medical center place
        boston, ma 02118
617.638.8000


24 hour emergency department
        725 albany street
        boston, ma 02118
617.414.4075


social links


boston medical center on facebook


boston medical center on instagram


boston medical center on linkedin


boston medical center on twitter


boston medical center on youtube







awards


accreditation regulatory compliance


careers


donate






find a doctor


icu nurse ratios


institutional master plan


insurance plans accepted


medical records


price transparency






media relations


medical staff services


residency


vendor access


volunteer















discover more:asian skin care centermicrovascular reconstructive surgeryureteroscopy and laser lithotripsy 





coda


bmc privacy policy and terms of use


code of conduct


manage my cookie preferences


nondiscrimination statement


patient privacy/hipaa


website accessibility



      © 2025 boston medical center. all rights reserved.
    






























