








rochester rotary | where the leaders are
























facebook
twitter



calendar
contact us
home
donate
 member area
 








rochester rotary
where the leaders are









about us

board of directors
rochester rotary staff
rotary committees
sunshine society
charitable times newsletter


key initiatives

school #8 volunteers


social activities
events

paul decarolis living up to the name the right way


become a member
sunshine syrup
 


















rochester rotary
leaders in service to children


rochester rotary is the service organization of choice for the area’s business and civic leaders – where they meet, network, and combine their passion, energy, and talents to serve children and youth in the community.
learn more


























                            about us                        

                            enriching the lives of rochester’s youth and of children and adults with disabilities.                        

                            we are a diverse club of 350+ members who enrich the lives of rochester’s youth and of children and adults with disabilities.  our members also are part of a global action network that tackles challenges from the worldwide eradication of disease, to literacy and clean water.                        
learn more
















featured event
tuesday luncheon meeting
join us for the february 18th luncheon with guest gary craig as he presents on the oak hill country club lawsuit story. gary craig is...
view details







upcoming event
happy hour at radio social
gather with fellow rotarians for a fun evening at radio social. we have reserved lanes for up to 20 bowlers as well. if you are...
view details






upcoming event
pancake breakfast
join us for another pancake breakfast at the sunshine camp on sunday, march 23rd from 9:30 am – 12:00 pm. pancakes will be served with...
view details















                                rochester rotary                            

                                serving our community                            



                        our members are people of action who personify the rotary motto of “service above self,” through such community service initiatives as rochester rotary sunshine camp and our partnership with roberto clemente school no. 8.                    
key initiatives






news



justin vigdor to be honored with the 86th rochester rotary award

justin l. vigdor will be the 86th recipient of the rochester rotary award, the oldest and most prestigious civic award in rochester. the award recognizes…


                        read more
                    



from rotary exchange student to club president: paul guglielmo leading rochester rotary

rochester rotary has elected paul “pauly” guglielmo, craft cannery ceo and guglielmo sauce founder, as its president for the rotary year from july 2024 through…


                        read more
                    



construction industry event raises funds for rochester rotary sunshine camp

may 28, 2024 — the rochester building and construction trades council, builders exchange of rochester, unicon and construction industry association of rochester recently held their…


                        read more
                    



elaine spaull names 85th rotary award recipient

elaine spaull to be honored with the 85th rochester rotary award   elaine spaull, phd, jd, will be the 85th recipient of the rochester rotary…


                        read more
                    


view all news







join today








&copy2025 rochester rotary


180 linden oaks, suite 200
rochester, ny 14625 


phone: (585) 546-7435


privacy policy
 






design by



development by


















