















hotels in venice saint mark | san marco hotels venice official site | hotels and suites in st. mark


























































 

 book now


best price guaranteed


san marco hotels - veniceenglish

français
deutsch
italiano
español


home
our properties
bar & café
restaurants
book online
in the heart of venice: nobody matches up




san marco hotels
elegant hotels and refined suites in venice st. mark’s square and rialto

the impeccable hospitality of the san marco hotels ® group welcomes you in beautiful venice with a wide range of accommodation solutions suitable for the needs of the most diverse travellers: elegant 3 and 4 star hotels, charming b&bs, exclusive luxury suites, trendy flats. all in the heart of venice’s historic centre, very close to st. mark’s square or the rialto bridge.
for your holiday in venice, give yourself only the best, choose the elegance and hospitality of the facilities of san marco hotels ®, where the seductive venetian atmosphere will overwhelm you.
san marco hotels® also include three restaurants within walking distance of st. mark’s, la colomba, i dogi veneziani and san marco, and two coffee bars in st. mark’s square, caffè eden and bar americano.






our
properties








discover our properties



best price
guaranteed








book now







our
restaurants








discover restaurants



our
bars&cafés








discover bars
 
san marco hotels ® - mobiliare veneta s.p.a. - venice - vat 00406490276 - headoffice@sanmarcohotels.com
© 2000- hotel marketing by nozio | cookie policy - cookie settings - copyright/ip policy - privacy - whistleblowing



menu
book now







 
english

françaisdeutschitalianoespañol back
homeour propertiesbar & caférestaurantsbook online 






mobiliare veneta s.p.a.

san marco, 899 30124 venezia
iscrizione camera di commercio di venezia - rea: ve 134819
capitale sociale euro 5.250.000,00
p.i. & c.f. 00406490276



whistleblowing

link - pdf
destinatario delle segnalazioni: dr. alessandro trevisan – consigliere di amministrazione indipendente


























