






 



family life... a friend you can turn to



































































































































skip to content




sharathon is at --.-% of it's goal!




family life
a friend you can turn to.



 project tower 2.0 is at --.-% of its goal!
now playingsong title
song artist
listen livelive broadcast easy listeningpraise & worshipsouthern gospelchristian top 40christian classicsholiday ambienceholiday favorites eventsdonatemenuradioradio networkmeet the radio hostsmeet the news teamlisten anywherestation finderlive streamspodcastskids cornerrecently playedprogram guideprogram sponsorsfamily life reportnewscastsnick’s pickshear it againcontestsmusic teameventsevents calendarvolunteer at an eventmeet the events teamperforming artstheatre productionsmeet the cast & crewupcoming auditionsseasonal workshopssign up for alertshope & healingmeet the counselorscounseling servicesthe healing journeyhope & healing eventsfaithdo you know jesus?verse of the daypray for family lifeprayer requeststestimoniesresourcesresource linksbible quizzingbible coursessingleslistening areacommunity calendarvacation bible schoolpregnancy resourcesaboutabout the ministrycontact family lifemeet the staffmeet the boardemploymentbuildingnew headquarterscapital campaignways to listenfind your stationfamily life now appother radio appssmart speakerslinks to streams
project tower 2.0 is at --.-% of its goal!
family life has been blessed to put new radio stations on air these past few years. here at the close of 2024, family life could once again use your help for a handful of tower projects!
donate learn more
 



search




search










 

 
now playingsong title
song artist
listen livelive broadcast easy listeningpraise & worshipsouthern gospelchristian top 40christian classicsholiday ambience holiday favorites
donate 



search




search




radioradio networkmeet the radio hostsmeet the news teamlisten anywherestation finderlive streamspodcastskids cornerrecently playedprogram guideprogram sponsorsfamily life reportnewscastsnick’s pickshear it againcontestsmusic teameventsevents calendarvolunteer at an eventmeet the events teamperforming artstheatre productionsmeet the cast & crewupcoming auditionsseasonal workshopssign up for alertshope & healingmeet the counselorscounseling servicesthe healing journeyhope & healing eventsfaithdo you know jesus?verse of the daypray for family lifeprayer requeststestimoniesresourcesresource linksbible quizzingbible coursessingleslistening areacommunity calendarvacation bible schoolpregnancy resourcesaboutabout the ministrycontact family lifemeet the staffmeet the boardemploymentbuildingnew headquarterscapital campaignways to listenfind your stationfamily life now appother radio appssmart speakerslinks to streamsproject tower 2.0 is at --.-% of its goal!

family life has been blessed to put new radio stations on air these past few years. here at the close of 2024, family life could once again use your help for a handful of tower projects!
donate learn more











impacting lives with the message of hope found in jesus christ.


family life does this through christian radio, performing arts, biblical counseling, and a variety of concerts and events with the purpose of spreading the gospel.


see our eventslisten live








https://www.familylife.org/project-tower-2-0/





https://www.familylife.org/littlewomen/?source=featcta





 https://www.familylife.org/tenthavenuenorth





 https://www.familylife.org/aaron-shust





https://www.familylife.org/fl_podcasts/the-calling/?source=featcta





https://www.familylife.org/healing-weekend/?source=featcta




















on air now
rise up with steve, terese, and tim
listen live



recently played




title
artist
time


see more songs









 


 





radio


family life delivers christ-centered radio through a mix of contemporary christian music, bible teaching and family-oriented programs, and radio dramas for the young at heart.





program sponsors





podcasts





news





contests 





on-air schedule





nick's picks





kids corner


 
performing arts


the performing arts department is committed to presenting quality family friendly shows and events that uplift and inspire.





main stage productions





youth theatre productions





auditions


 
hope & healing


we believe in the art and science of biblical counseling, a practice based on counseling methods and biblical truth. the difference between biblical counseling and other counseling approaches is the word of god, which has power to bring about a permanent change of heart, mind, and will. biblical counseling teaches that relying on christ is ultimately how we find and keep the strength to make change last.





counselors





healing journey





counseling services


 
events


the events department is responsible for organizing and coordinating events that bring the message of hope found in jesus christ. these events may include concerts, conferences, retreats, workshops, and more! through these events our desire is to create impactful experiences that strengthen and encourage individuals in their faith journey.





events calendar





volunteer





community calendar


 



















radio


radio network
listen anywhere
live streams
podcasts
kids corner
recently played 
program guide
program sponsors 
newscasts
contests



events


events calendar
volunteer at an event




performing arts


theatre productions
upcoming auditions




hope & healing


counseling services
the healing journey
hope & healing events



faith


do you know jesus?
verse of the day
pray for family life




resources


resource links
bible quizzing




listening area


community calendar
vacation bible school



about


about the ministry
contact family life
employment




building	


new headquarters
capital campaign




ways to listen


find your station
family life now app




fill out my online form.



 























donate to relief efforts


© 2025 family life ministries, inc. all rights reserved.

privacy policy | contest rules | public inspection files | eeo public file   x-twitter page opens in new window  








go to top
















































































