








about us - american chimney supplies
























































































































 
 
 
proform™
eagle landing
chimney housings
 
 

search for:

search


 
 
menu
menumenushopcustom sheet metalcontact usabout uslog in
homeaccount
checkout
contact us
contractor account request
custom sheet metal
login
logout
members
my account
password reset
please call the office for an accurate shipping quote
register
shop
user


 


$0.00 0 items



 





product categories
select a category
chase covers
chimney caps
chimney housings
clearance corner
components
dampers
misc

 








about us 













 5/5 





 

















for over 30 years, american chimney supplies has been the most trusted name in chimney products. we manufacture chimney covers and caps with uncompromising quality and style, proudly made in the usa. our mission is to provide homeowners with the most durable, safe, and aesthetically pleasing solutions. committed to excellence and craftsmanship, we strive to enhance the safety and beauty of every home, one chimney at a time.   

















 





american chimney supplies specializes in keeping chimneys safe, sealed, and secure through every season. we carry top-quality caps, liners, dampers, flues, and more to give your home versatile, durable, and easily installed protection.  from manufacturing to installation and repairs, we provide everything you need to enjoy your fireplace and keep your home safe without going over budget. 









































































as manufacturers, we possess the skills and equipment to create customized solutions and address any problem or building specifications you experience with your chimney. we craft all of our products to meet unique needs and fit seamlessly into your home’s design and materials. our supplies fit naturally without damaging valuable masonry and help to maintain cleanliness and reduce drafts and guard openings. we work carefully from fabrication to installation to ensure every issue is addressed and every customer is totally satisfied with their chimney supplies.see our inventory of chimney supplies to find the ideal solution for your home or contact one of our experts to find the right parts to meet your needs.  we carry chimney housings in 8 printed patterns, in 3 lengths, 48″, 60″ and 72″.we love our customers and welcome your feedback and suggestions. use our contact us page to tell us what we’re doing right or what we can improve on. 
















see our selection at our shop 



+1 631 434.2020 



129 oser ave, hauppauge, ny 11788 













facebook





twitter





google-plus





instagram





youtube





pinterest




















product categorieschase covers
chimney caps
chimney housings
chimney sweep brushes
components
dampers
misc
clearance corner


uncategorized
 american chimney supplies is a manufacturer of sheet metal products.  we can duplicate any of the products on this site in copper or build any chimney product to your specifications.  any chimney cap can also be manufactured with a hip and ridge roof.
call 631-434-2020 for a free price quote on any custom build.
if you can visualize it…we can materialize it!

our catalog american chimney catalog

most popular

 eagle landing roof platform

$295.00



 home and hearth cleaner

$29.99 $22.99



 custom chase covers - please call for pricing 631-434-2020



https://youtu.be/8pb4a27i45u

new-animated-logo











https://youtu.be/eaqiezlofi4






account settingslogin
contractor account request
contact us
password reset
 

facebook 

contact usemailchris@americanchimneysupplies.comphone631-434-2020fax631-434-2010address129 oser ave
hauppauge, ny 11788shipping quote please call 631-434-2020 for accurate shipping quote

 no returns after 30 days
buyer pays all shipping costs

 

check this out! proform chimney restoration


 


			© american chimney supplies 2025
					



my account 

search 

search for:

search


 


cart				0















please call the office for accurate shipping quotes - thank you. dismiss 



0


your cart 












































































