





shop name-brand musical instruments, all in one place | mirc



















































































		skip to content
































homepodcastabout support testimonials about mirccontactnew dealers




 




×
homepodcastabout support testimonials about mirccontactnew dealers










 





 













your one-stop shop for
wholesale music products



shop name-brand musical instruments - all in one place. 







become a dealer


































we believe
in music retail.








our mission is to empower independent music retailers to chase their dreams. we simplify the wholesale buying process by offering a diverse selection of quality music products, all in one place. we’re here to help you find quality used guitars to help grow your retail business.









review our faq >























find out more











at mirc, our core focus is to provide independent musical instrument retailers with the inventory solutions they need to be successful.
we strive to be a reliable source for diverse music products, including quality used name brand instruments as well as a comprehensive selection of new products to help grow your business.







get started




































wide selection



choose from a wide selection of brand name instruments. 

























name brands



round out your inventory with up to 45 major brands. 

























expertise



serving our u.s. & canadian dealers since 1992. 

























save time



our guitars are retail ready, saving you expensive tech time. 






















"mirc is the place to go. if you any questions, they will help you. there’s a reason why many of the long time customers have been long time customers."

- sonic 68 guitars




i can’t find a better group of people who love what they do as much as the folks at mirc. fantastic people, a pleasure to deal with on the phone and a pleasure to hang out…

- string theory music




coming to mirc, having the opportunity to meet the staff, was a really good experience in terms of understanding the culture of what the company is about. there is a reason why mirc has been around for over…

- no.9 guitars




mirc has taken our business to heights we never dreamed possible. we are truly honored to be part of the mirc family of dealers.

- rayhill audio




we love mirc!!….the selection and staff are both great!! we couldn’t have survived the last 5 years without them!! if you are a small music store owner, you should be dealing with these guys!!!

- mom's music


 






















become a dealer



ready to get started? click the button below to fill out our new dealer inquiry form. 









become a dealer











view our knowledge base


















 













about mirc  






shop name-brand musical instruments - all in one place.







































company  










1620 corporate placela vergne, tn 37086 





















𝕏

























contact us  






monday - friday
8 am - 4 pm cst



















(800) 573-9865





 











send us a message





 





















© 1993-2025 mirc. all rights reserved. privacy policy. terms of service. web design by digital focus.









 
















































