








home - community first credit union - ashtabula, ohio



































































































we will be closed on monday, feb. 17, for presidents day.

online banking





		skip to content


community first credit union – ashtabula, ohio




contact us     hours & locations     routing# 241273706 






facebook
 



twitter
 



instagram
 









 








 
log in











loans





vehicle loans

auto loansboat & jet skimotorcycle loansrv & atv loans 
 


home loans

first mortgagessecond mortgagesheloc 
 


other loans

consolidationeducationpersonalrefinances 
 


apply nowratescalculators 
 

savings

savings accountscertificatesmoney marketschristmas clubratescalculators
checkingcredit cardsabout us

about cfcucareerscontact uslocationsnewsour communityprivacy policy
more services

all servicescalculatorsfinancial tipsavoid fraudinsurancemerchant servicesmoney ordersonline banking
 



 
 








 




 














love your loan!
get an auto loan that you'll love this month


												read more					


												get started					







happy financial new year
start 2025 on strong financial footing


												read more					


												get started					







put us in your pocket
download our free mobile app


												read more					


												online banking					







transfer store card balances
to a community first visa card


												transfer balances					


												explore options					







you deserve a better mortgage
you deserve community first


												apply now					


												check our rates					














 




							loans						










 




							credit cards						










 




							savings						










 




							checking						










 




							rates						










 




							locations						
























 






you will love your loan 



this february, we’re spreading the love with our “love your loan” celebration. whether you’re looking to buy a new car, truck, motorcycle or rv – or refinance your current vehicle – we’re here to help you drive into the future with a loan you’ll adore.
talk with our loan officer in person or on the phone – or apply and sign online! 






find an auto loan you'll love

























open an accountbecome a member of community first credit union with a $5 deposit. 



apply for a loanapply and sign online or stop by one of our two convenient locations. 



refinanceyou could save when you refinance a loan or mortgage from your current lender. 



get a visa cardearn uchoose rewards with our platinum visa with no annual fee. 







view all services













get our free mobile app 



you can download our free mobile app for fast access to your accounts on your smartphone and tablet. search for community first cu ashtabula in your app store or click on your store below.
 









finance your plans with our helpful heloc 



a home equity line of credit is a smart way to finance home projects, consolidate debt, pay for weddings and vacations, or finance just about anything else! 






read more about helocs











 





serving everyone in ashtabula county 



at community first credit union, you are not just a customer, you are a member/owner. for more than 60 years, we have existed to serve our members, not make a profit for ourselves or stockholders. that is why you get great rates and personal service. 







 
read about community first











ashtabula county's choice for vehicle loans 





new & used cars & trucks 











get pre-approved for  financing and shop with confidence 





motorcycles 











apply now and get great rate and low monthly payment 





refinance 











refinance your loan from another lender at community first 





watercraft 











finance your boat & jet ski and get on the water now 









you deserve a better mortgage 



community first is ashtabula county's choice for first mortgages. talk to our experts about our low rates and low closing costs and we can help you finance your dream home. you can also refinance your current mortgage from another lender. 






mortgage options
















news & tips 












best auto loans in ashtabula county, ohio – low rates & easy approval


				community first credit union has been the trusted choice for auto loans in ashtabula county, ohio for over 70 years.…			

 



love your loan at community first


				apply now check rates valentine’s day isn’t just for celebrating your special someone—it’s the perfect time to fall in love…			

 



happy financial new year 2025


				start the new year on strong financial footing with these five smart money moves a new year is the perfect…			

 



put us in your pocket! download our free mobile app


				managing your finances has never been easier or more convenient. with the community first credit union (cfcu) mobile app, your…			

 



refinance during our autumn refi event


				as the leaves begin to change and the air turns crisp, community first credit union is excited to announce its…			

 



kick off the season in a new car


				as the summer days fade and the crisp autumn air settles in, it can only mean one thing: football season…			

 



why direct deposit is a smart choice


				in today’s fast-paced world, convenience is key. whether you’re juggling a busy work schedule or managing family commitments, the last…			

 



money market or savings account? which is better for your needs.


				when it comes to managing your money, choosing the right type of account can make a significant difference in how…			

 





 


 



disclosures   |   privacy policy   |   accessiility policy 





 




©2025 community first credit union, ashtabula, ohioaccessibility: community first credit union is committed to providing a website that is accessible to the widest possible audience in accordance with ada standards and guidelines. we are actively working to increase accessibility and usability of our website to everyone. if you are using a screen reader or other auxiliary aid and are having problems using this website, please contact us at 440-997-5919. all products and services available on this website are available at the community first credit union office.this site may be utilized for authorized purposes only. unauthorized access or use is not permitted and constitutes a crime punishable by law. activity on this site is monitored for security purposes. 





 





 





 






 



































