





















latest news | cob cottage company

















skip to main content







cob cottage company









 







latest news




 

dear friends,

the recent lake fire in santa barbara county burned over 38,000 acres in nine days.
 
rugged terrain loaded with prime fuel from two years of higher than normal rainfall left the region in a prime state of combustion.  add to that the triple digit heat wave, a spark, and there you have it, wildfire on figueroa mountain.
 
the homes at spirit pine sanctuary on figueroa mountain are constructed of the earthen material “cob”.  the roughly 20 acres that the structures are situated on remained entirely untouched by the fire.with proper fire abatement executed by the residents, the first responders could focus on the outer perimeters of the complex rather than the structures themselves, the walls being undeniably non combustible.  the incredible efforts of the fire fighters were implemented in a greater area than each individual structure, thus creating a twenty acre “ green zone”, untouched by the fire.
 
we are happy to report that the spirit pine family have recently been able to return to their home after the fire and are now beginning their water supply project that was destroyed in the fire.
 
betty and tautahcho of spirit pine sanctuary have been innovative pioneers of cob construction in southern california for the past twenty three years. they have taught cob courses, apprenticeship programs and hosted  martial arts events in their cob dojo bringing guests from around the world to the spirit pine sanctuary. 
 
spirit pine and cob cottage company have worked closely together over the past twenty three years supporting one another as cob teachers and have developed a beautiful friendship. betty and tautahcho’s family is a true success story. the fact that their cob village stands today is a result of their high standards and creativity. we can not say enough wonderful things about the spirit pine sanctuary family.  they are very dear to our hearts!
 
company cottage company encourages all of you that love cob and natural building to please show your support to these amazing leaders and pioneers of cob and natural building by making a contribution to wildfire relief- spirit pine sanctuary to help rebuild their water system and be a model for others in fire preparedness.
 
please follow the link below for more information and to make a donation.
 
please share this link with others! https://chuffed.org/project/supportspiritpinethank you,
linda and ianto smiley- evans with cob cottage company, originators of oregon cob construction and authors of the hand sculpted house with michael g smith

updates: new affiliates workshops just listed - go see...  don't miss the chance to learn in 2024.  allie maggio is back teaching workshops in oregon - he's one of our long standing teachers and definitely a must if you can make it  check out their workshops.
next tour date:   sunday, tba. come meet linda and ianto, see our 20 year experimental cob village. call 541-396-1825 to reserve your space. 
 

attachmentsize 

 spirit pines fire 2024853.93 kb 


 
public tourswish listrocket mass heater book - -our newest edition- - 
‹ what is cob?
up
public tours ›

















cob cottage menu

workshopsrecent news / eventswhat is cob?cob picturesinformation requests/donationsabout cob cottage companycontact 





rethinking your life?  finance, health, lifestyle, environment, philosophy: lifestatement.com
kiko denzer, on the work of art, and the art of work: theworkofart.org 











web page and hosting services are provided as a public service by: deatech research inc. on  debian linux based servers.  we recommend, use, and provide support services for   debian linux.
 if you should have any problems with this page or website, please send email describing the problem(s) to: webmaster@deatech.com









