lake murray, south carolina









lake murray
water playground of the midlands of south carolina 
information presented by
 mel coker


lake murray sitemap | 
columbia "a to z"  |  
columbia blog  |  
lake murray blog  |  
melcoker.com  |  






lake murray  
was constructed between 1927 and 1930.  the dreher shoals dam formed 
a 48,000 acre lake in the heart of south carolina and only a short drive 
from downtown columbia.  the lake covers an area of 78 square miles with 620 miles of shoreline. 
the waters of the saluda river that feed lake murray supply energy to the 
saluda hydroelectric plant turbines and cooling water to the mcmeekin steam 
generating plant.  both plants are owned by south carolina electric & gas 
company (sce&g).  when completed, lake murray was the largest power 
reservoir and dreher shoals dam the largest earthen dam in the world.

today, lake murray stills supplies electric power, is the major source of drinking water for the city of columbia,  and has become the 
water playground for the midlands. the lake murray adventure means boating, 
sailing, canoeing, fishing, skiing, swimming, camping and just 
plain fun at one of the south's most scenic playgrounds. 



lake murray ebook - issuu format
lake murray ebook - pdf format
lake murray blog
dreher shoals dam  | 
walk across the dam
lake murray's b-25 bomber | 
lake murray restaurants
lake murray fishing  | 
boating safety  new!
purple martins at lake murray
lake murray weather/water temperature averages
lake murray's p-nut man! | 
lake murray amazon store
lake murray video   |   
lake links | 
lake murray brochure (pdf)

lake murray & columbia weather conditions
 see my new lake murray welcome video below!











lake murray business guide


purchase lake murray map or lake murray poster online
accommodations (waterfront & lake murray area)
amazon store - great recommended products and great prices!
bait & tackle
boat dealers
camping - dreher island state park
dock construction
guide service - let's go fishing!


marinas
marine service
upholstery shops



list your lake murray business at www.lakemurray-sc.com .   call or email mel coker:
e-mail: 
mel coker * telephone (803) 388-8011





boating at lake murray...

lake murray is big -- about 41 miles long and 14 miles wide at its widest point.  
plenty of room for fishing, boating and water skiing.
safe boating reminders: lookout for other boaters, skiers, swimmers and 
jet skiers * use caution at night and be sure to use boat running lights 
when necessary and required * be aware of overhead power lines that cross 
the water at certain locations * don't drink and drive * carry necessary 
safety equipment * carry life preservers * observe depth markers (avoid 
rough water and shallow water) * check the weather forecast before you 
get on the water

click here for boating in south carolina information: safety & laws, boat ownership title & registration requirements.




sce&g lake murray hotline:
1-800-830-lake
this hotline has the current lake murray water level and weather forecast.



fishing at lake murray...

fishing is great at lake murray!  the lake has hosted numerous fishing 
tournaments. although the lake is home to a large number of fish species, the 
most popular are: largemouth bass, striped bass, bream and crappie.
lake murray fishing report

obtain a s.c. fishing or hunting license:

license price list

by telephone: toll-free 1-866-714-3611 $3.00 processing fee is added to license fee
internet:  south carolina fishing/hunting  license online $3.00 processing fee is added to license fee


license sales agents (by county)


freshwater fishing in south carolina:

click here for the latest fishing report: updated fishing report for the state, including lake murray.

south carolina department of natural resources:
info and regulations for fishing, boating, hunting & more









largemouth bass
black crappie

bluegill

striped bass









illustrations
by duane raver jr., courtesy of duane raver jr. and maynard
reese, courtesy of iowa department of natural resources. all illustrations
copyrighted by the artists.










1940 lake murray view
from mel coker's postcard collection



1940 lake murray view
from mel coker's postcard collection
 




lake murray homes & water "toys"




lake murray water fun

 





lake murray water levels & weather...

the max full level at lake murray is 360'.  this is normally not achieved -- the normal "full" level is about 358' which typically occurs from early spring to early summer.  after that, the lake is drawn very gradually to a low level of about 354' from about december through mid february.
check lake murray levels:

u.s. geological survey

south carolina electric & gas co.
columbia & lake murray weather:

columbia / lake murray weather page (from mel coker)

more weather by accuweather®



lake murray association:   live on the lake?  do lake murray business?  care about lake murray?  you need to be a member of the lake murray association.  call mel coker at (803) 932-2144 for your membership application, or visit the 
lake murray association website.








the 5 towers dreher shoals dam on lake murray - photograph by mel coker








lake murray | lake murray information |   lake murray sc  |  lake murray fishing |    lake murray map |  lake murray, south carolina |  fishing on lake murray | lake murray boating |  lake murray properties |  living at lake murray | lake murray homes | lake murray boating safety | lake murray video














