





meditation, buddhism, retreats and buddhist teachings in santa fe, new mexico - a santa fe, nm zen center and community with retreats, daily meditation, weekly dharma talks on buddhist teachings






































































 
 



















aboutabout upayaroshi joan halifaxsocial engagementpeoplenewslettersupaya affiliatesupaya seed sanghascontact us closezen practicewhat is zen?buddhism faqliturgypriest & lay path closeprogramsall upcoming programsonline programsin-person programspast programsdharma talk & meditation schedulesocially engaged buddhismcontemplative residencychaplaincy trainingways to be at upaya closeteachingswisdom libraryprevious programsvideosdharma podcastspublic dharma talkswritingsteachers closegivingdonate to the general fundbecome a memberupaya tree fundprison outreach projectstreet ministry projectall upaya funds close 



search




search




 close
1404 cerro gordo roadsanta fe, nm, 87501
tel: (505) 986-8518 •
email: upaya@upaya.org
close





 


















upaya zen center  santa fe, new mexico
our buddhist monastery offers daily zen meditation, weekly dharma talks, and programs on buddhist teachings, buddhist art, neuroscience, and social engagement. we also conduct professional trainings for end-of-life care and buddhist chaplaincy.





a special message from upaya
"hatred is never appeased by hatred."
—dhammapada, 5
upaya zen center's global community finds itself grieving the tragic loss of life in ukraine, gaza/israel, and the thirty other wars and genocides raging on our planet at this moment. we stand upright and open as we call not only for a cease fire, but a ceasing of war in our time. our hearts cannot turn away from the truth of pervasive suffering, sorrow, and death as a result of war. and for this, we urge that this be a time of deep dialogue reaching past differences, of recognizing that the terrible cost of war passes through generations, that the impact of war on our earth is inestimable, and that we must realize our basic humanity and sanity for the sake of all at this time and those who are yet to be born.

announcements

health policy update
upaya has a new health protocol for in-person programs.
with the increase in covid cases and flu, please take care about exposure to covid or flu before arriving at upaya.
if you or any person with whom you have been in close contact has symptoms of covid or flu (including fever, chills, cough, sneezing, runny nose, or a new rash), we request that you do not come to upaya, but instead join us online. as with all things, this policy also is subject to change.
 

featured video series

uncertainty and possibility – meeting the climate future: christiana figueres, rebecca solnit, and roshi joan.

watch the video series



meditation & dharma talks

unless otherwise noted, we host zazen in-person and online daily at 7:00 a.m. and again at 5:30 p.m. mountain time. as well as in-person (only) zazen at 12:20 p.m. wed–sun. please see the meditation and dharma talk calendar for details.
dharma talks are held on wednesdays at 5:30 p.m. please join us online on upaya's youtube channel or in-person at upaya.
join us for dinner after the dharma talk, please reserve your place by filling out this form so we can know how much food to make.
if anything comes up during the youtube livestream like sound or video issues, please write to zendofeedback@upaya.org so we can fix it as quickly as possible.
we encourage you to offer dana to support our teachers.

upcoming dharma talk







wednesday february 19th @ 5:30 pm
dharma talk: heart to heart with the mother of all buddhas with sensei noah kodo roen
in person in taizando and online at upaya zen center




wednesday night dharma talk 

previous dharma talks








upcoming
programs














upaya’s contemplative residencyas residents, we live together as a sangha in upaya’s deep field of practice. we have the rare opportunity to participate in meditation, liturgy, work practice, intensive practice periods, and a diverse course of study with teachers of socially engaged buddhism, buddhist studies, and contemplative science. learn more and apply here.



home-slider-frank-2020
haiku and poetry meeting this very world: the practice of discovering and writing (in person and online 2025)february 21 — 23, 2025 with roshi joan halifax, sensei kaz tanahashi, jimmy santiago baca, jane hirschfield, and ian boydenin this weekend workshop, a remarkable faculty will lead us in the study of great haiku poets past and present, and in the exploration of writing haiku as a path of discovery and spiritual practice. learn more, and register for the in person workshop here, or the online program here.



home-slider-frank-2020
awareness in action: meeting the world with life-giving hands – actualizing unfaltering engaged practice in our time, 2025 special online series – racism (online march 16, 2025)sunday, march 16, 2025, with ruth kingon one sunday each month, you are invited to join specially invited teachers and the global sangha from 11:00am –12:30pm mountain time, in the continued commitment to social and environmental engagement and justice in this very complex time, to exploring the roots of structural violence in our social systems, and to engaging in the world in a courageous way based on contemplative practice and views that actualize non-separateness, interbeing, equity, compassion, justice, integrity, courage, dignity, and unshakable awareness. please join us for this sunday session with ruth king, stewarded by roshi joan halifax. learn more and register for this session, and other sessions in the series here.



kozan__099_kl-2018-red-door
buddhist-based resilience for caregivers with loved ones with disabilities (online)fridays: march 21, march 28, april 4, april 11, with silvia fernandez-campos, phdduring this 4-week online course, we will create a supportive and safe group for caregivers tending to loved ones with disabilities, allowing participants to connect and share their experience with other individuals navigating similar waters. making use of the buddhist practice of the four brahmavihara's, each two-hour session will include a short meditation, a brief check in, and a new practice to try out each week.  learn more and register here.



home-slider-frank-2020
the five remembrances (online)sundays: march 23, april 7, may 18, june 8, july 20, with frank ostaseskijoin frank ostaseski for this exploration of the five remembrances. foundational among the teachings of buddhism, the five remembrances wake us up to the importance of how we care for ourselves and others as we grow older, experience changes in our health and relationships, grieve for what we love and lose, and, finally, face into our own death. they support us to live with greater intimacy, and ask us to honor what and who really matters in our one precious life. learn more and register here.



home-slider-hidden-lamp-zenshin
hidden lamp study group (online 2025)saturdays: march 29, may 3, june 7, july 19, august 9, september 27, november 8, november 29, december 13join sensei zenshin florence caplow, co-editor of the hidden lamp: stories from twenty five centuries of awakened women, for an online, donation-based interactive study group based on the book. zenshin leads 2-hour sessions from 10:30 am – 12:30 pm u.s. mountain time. each session focuses on a story as a mirror for our lives and practice, through a deeper encounter, lectio divina writing (slow, meditative), dialogue, silence, and sharing. a one-time registration and donation allows you to join for any or all of these sessions. they will all be recorded so, if you miss a session, you will be able to access the recordings at any time. learn more and register here.



home-slider-frank-2020
spring practice period: living in the embrace of the bodhisattvas (in person and online 2025)april 03 - april 26, 2025practice period (ango or “peaceful dwelling”) is a traditional intensive training period common to many schools of buddhism. during this spring practice period we will engage in a shared exploration of how the archetypal figures of the bodhisattvas can teach, nourish, inspire and sustain us as we face the great suffering of our global community at this time, and the challenges of our daily lives. the practice period will be led by a wonderful group of teachers: senseis monshin nannette overley, jose shinzan palma and ryotan cynthia kear. this is a great opportunity for beginners and seasoned practitioners. learn more, and register for the in person program here, or the online program here.



winter2023
zazenkai during spring practice period (in person and online)april 5, 2025 with senseis monshin nannette overley, jose shinzan palma, and ryotan cynthia kearduring spring practice period, this daylong meditation retreat is an opportunity to become familiar with zen meditation and zen forms. it will give you also a taste of a sesshin (a week-long intensive meditation). meditation instruction is available for those new to practice. learn more and register for this in-person retreat here or join the full spring practice period online retreat here. 



home-slider-frank-2020
awareness in action: meeting the world with life-giving hands – actualizing unfaltering engaged practice in our time, 2025 special online series – justice (online april 6, 2025)sunday, april 6, 2025, with valerie brownon one sunday each month, you are invited to join specially invited teachers and the global sangha from 11:00am–12:30pm mountain time, in the continued commitment to social and environmental engagement and justice in this very complex time, to exploring the roots of structural violence in our social systems, and to engaging in the world in a courageous way based on contemplative practice and views that actualize non-separateness, interbeing, equity, compassion, justice, integrity, courage, dignity, and unshakable awareness. please join us for this sunday session with valerie brown, exploring the topic of justice. learn more and register for this session, and other sessions in the series here.



winter2023
zazenkai during spring practice period (in person and online)april 12, 2025 with senseis monshin nannette overley, jose shinzan palma, and ryotan cynthia kearduring spring practice period, this daylong meditation retreat is an opportunity to become familiar with zen meditation and zen forms. it will give you also a taste of a sesshin (a week-long intensive meditation). meditation instruction is available for those new to practice. learn more and register for this in-person retreat here or join the full spring practice period online retreat here. 



winter2023
sesshin during spring practice period (in person and online)april 19 – april 26, 2025 with senseis monshin nannette overley, jose shinzan palma, and ryotan cynthia kearthis intensive, weeklong zen meditation retreat (sesshin) during the spring practice period is an opportunity to deepen your practice though a consistent schedule of sitting meditation (zazen), walking meditation (kinhin), service and chanting (liturgy), formal meals in the zendo (oryoki), daily dharma talks, personal interviews with the teachers, and work meditation practice (samu). learn more and register for this in-person retreat here or join the full spring practice period online retreat here. 












explore our
wisdom library
upaya's archive of dharma talks, videos, and learning resources spanning 30 years








prev

 1
  2
  3
  4
  5
 

next





writings



podcasts



dharma talks



videos



teachers









awareness in action: exploring leadership and climate with christiana figueres (video)
february 6, 2025

a teaching on the four great bodhisattva vows and special holiday message – with roshi joan halifax
january 1, 2025

watch “into the heart of the mountain”
november 18, 2024


more posts







a single garment of destiny
february 17, 2025

what’s is this?
february 10, 2025

awareness in action: climate with christiana figueres (part 3 – february)
february 9, 2025



dharma podcasts







a single garment of destiny
february 12, 2025

what is this?
february 5, 2025

gathering the heart/mind and the color of silence
january 29, 2025



wednesday night public dharma talks






varela international symposium: 2021 opening session
exploring the power of lojong (9 of 9) john dunne, phd & roshi joan halifax, phd
exploring the power of lojong (9 of 9) john dunne, phd & roshi joan halifax, phd

video library






upaya is grateful for the many teachers who have visited our monastery to share their wisdom with us. these pages archive their dharma talks and list past and upcoming programs.
teacher pages












 
socially engaged buddhism • 
buddhist philosophy • 
buddhist texts and sutras • 
everyday / practical / lay practice • 
compassion and love • 
meditation instruction • 
ethics / precepts / vow • 
realization and enlightenment • 
death / dying / grief • 
faith / tradition / interspirituality • 
medicine / mental health / psychology • 
body / mind / consciousness • 
dogen • 
community and sangha • 
science and buddhism • 
teachers and lineage • 
buddhist history • 
environment and dharma • 
koan study • 
bodhisattvas • 
zazen • 
writing practice • 
women in buddhism • 
bearing witness • 
zen training and form • 
haiku • 
ceremony / ritual / liturgy • 
zen arts • 
bipoc • 
rebecca solnit • 
joana macy •  









giving to upaya zen center
upaya exists only because of the extraordinary generosity of many people. honoring our founder’s dedication to compassion and courage, please make a generous gift to our karuna fund which supports upaya.
in buddhism, dana paramita, the perfection of generosity, is the first realization of the bodhisattvas. it is truly a way for us to let go and benefit others. generosity is a way we cultivate joy, end the sense of separateness between self and other, and actualize the third of the three pure precepts, doing good for others.

donate now



socially engaged buddhism
the upaya zen center has a strong commitment to social service. each of the projects serves many beings, and we hope that you will help support the work we do here by giving generously.
seb programs

join our global sangha
your support promotes socially engaged buddhism and compassionate action including teaching meditation in prisons, cooking for the homeless, and medical work in nepal.
join our sangha







 









about
about upaya
mission
ethics statement
map / directions



zen practice
what is zen?wisdom librarydharma podcastbeing at upaya



programs
scheduleonline programsin-person programsself-paced online programs



newsletter






thank you for subscribing!



email





subscribe










newsletter archive





 © copyright  • upaya zen center, 1404 cerro gordo road, santa fe, nm, 87501 • 505-986-8518 • upaya@upaya.org

followfollowfollowfollow



 











































 skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset






personal assistancepersonal assistance 



website feedbackwebsite feedback 









