



arlington town meeting















arlington town meeting








front page
rss|xml(sportsblogs)
atom feed
archive

coverage of arlington town meeting

town meeting resources
arlington tm info
tmt purchase info
              2005
23 may stm warrant
27 apr stm warrant
annual warrant
bos report to atm
arb report to atm
bos report to 27 apr stm
v2020 report to atm
manager's budget cut report
              2004
19 may stm warrant
annual warrant
tm members
bos report to atm
fincomm report to atm
capital planning report to atm
arb report to atm
        schoolcomm report to atm
bos report to 25 feb stm
february special warrant
              2003
october special warrant
may special warrant
annual warrant
tm members
tmm attendance
bos atm report
bos stm report
fincomm report
capitalplancomm report
arb report
        schoolcomm report
sac report
open space report

financial resources
levy limits primer
guide to financial management
prop 2.5 requirements and procedures

team resources
blogger login page
html mini-primer








20 march 2006




           [rich,           21:48] 
         

we've moved.

all future activity will be at http://arlington.town-meeting.org.

see you there!


16 june 2005




           [rich,           03:06] 
         

some thoughts

what the heck was up with brian lavalle screeching at ruderman and the moderator after ruderman made a joke about the rebuild likely overrunning its estimate?   very rude.  as were many of the back-of-the-hall crowd, who often booed people they disagreed with.  it's one thing to boo someone who is snarky or who takes a shot at someone.  but booing someone for calmly and politely stating an opinion you happen to disagree with?  humph.

anyone else notice the irony that by objecting to jamieson's & lewiton's request for five more minutes the objectors cost the meeting more than five minutes by forcing a vote on the matter?  and i wonder if the joke was on them when j & l came out in favor of the rebuild, which i hazard a guess that many of the objectors were not expecting.

well, i've been wrong a bunch of times so far on when i thought we'd finish, but i am confident we'll finish up on monday.  the only question is how long it'll go.  we have a couple of trivial fincomm articles, the tabled 8 (zoning - stormwater) and 19 (noise regulation), and of course iraq (70).  if the first ones take us to the break, i wonder how many people will bother to come back from the break for 70.  for that matter, i wonder how many people will show up monday at all?

as for 70, i think the discussion will either be rather long or rather short and i actually lean towards short.  if someone who wants to move the previous question manages to get near the front of the list, i think there will be a good chance people will vote to terminate debate to finally get the atm over with.  on the other hand, i can see there being lots of people who want to talk about it if no debate terminator is early on the list.  a warning -- people who want it short should not get excited if they see me get up.  i have something to say on it, though i promise that if i get to talk i'll be brief :-).

speaking of terminating debate, i was amused when, after my motion, the moderator
said "thank you."  and then there were something like 30 responses when the moderator called for a second.

finally, for something probably only of interest to me, i discovered that a friend's father is a moderator (westborough) and worked on the 3rd edition of town meeting time and that his grandfather was also a moderator (wenham) and worked on the 2nd edition of tmt.  ironically, then, my friend has never been able to participate in a town meeting as he has spent his entire adult life either in ma cities or out-of-state.  i need to tell him he needs to get back in ma and start getting cracking on keeping the streaks alive.





           [rich,           02:42] 
         

session 11 -- the end is in sight


called to order at 20:03.
   voted that when we adjourn we adjourn to 20 june at 20:00.
   mr. abbott offered a resolution that the town endorse the
       result of the non-binding vote in favor of a constitutional
       amendment to have a non-partisan board do districting in
       massachusetts.
   the moderator said that only non-controversial resolutions
       may come before the meeting without a warrant article and
       that he felt this one was non-controversial enough.
   mr. daly said he could not hear it and had some questions
       about it.
   ms. harrington suggested postponing it until more copies
       could be made.
   the moderator reversed field, decided it was too controversial
       after all, and 86ed it.
   article 2 removed from table.
   article 2 - committee reports

town manager's report on fees and charges received.
      mr. sullivan said this was being provided per a vote
          of town meeting last year and that while it is missing
          some requested detail because said detail had never been
          requested before, it will have that detail in the future.
      tabled

article 47 - capital budgets

fincomm recommended a capital budget without the
          park circle station rebuild.
      the capplancomm moved a substitute motion that was
          the same as fincomm's except for the addition of
          the rebuild.
      the moderator said that first only the park circle part of
          the capital budgets would be discussed and then the rest.
          he also explained how he planned to choreograph the opening
          of the discussion, designating the first four speakers
          he would recognize before going to the list.
      mr. foskett presented the slide presentation he had
          handed out on monday.  some key points were that the
          external engine shelter is tough to work in, living conditions
          are bad, engine 3 is first on-site in morningside for 91%
          of the critical life calls, engine 3 is first on-site in east
          arlington for 92% of critical life calls, that when highland
          has to serve the "park polygon" it fails the 6 minute test
          35% of the time, and when hq has to serve the "park polygon"
          it fails the test 42% of the time.  because of all this, the
          capplancomm recommends spending the $2,300,000 to rebuild the
          park circle station.
      mr. loreti asked for five additional minutes, receiving it
          on a voice vote after objections.  he offered an amendment to
          spend the $2,300,000 on preparations for rebuilding highland
          and hq instead of park circle, saying that two fire stations
          are sufficient.  he said arlington is very high in terms of
          stations per square mile and that even with two stations, arlington
          would still be in the top 10% and that density statistics show
          densities significantly less than arlington's achieve the 90%
          in less than six minutes standard.  mr. loreti also noted that
          fire losses are much less now than 80 years ago.  he criticized
          the data in mr. foskett's presentation saying that much of the
          data was not for "true emergency" calls, noting that none of
          the highland-to-park polygon runs were true emergencies.  he
          highland ambulance runs were left out and that no distinction
          was made between basic life support (bls) which is non-time-critical
          and advanced life support (als) which is time critical.  he
          said that because of the the osha 2-in/2-out rule, even if a park
          circle engine is first on the scene it only carried three people,
          so no one can go in until more equipment arrives.  he said
          the capplancomm data is "deeply flawed" and invalid to base
          a decision on and that since the other stations also need to
          be renovated, they should be done first while a disinterested
          professional party helped the town study if a third station
          is needed.
      mr. tosti asked for ten additional minutes, receiving it on
          a voice vote after objections.  he said the bonded cost of
          rebuild will start at $215,000 and will tail off to around
          $125,000 by the time the bonds are paid off and that fincomm did
          not think that was a good use of funds.  he said fincomm believes
          two stations are sufficient and that it does not recommend
          reducing any positions.  he said fincomm stood by the mma study
          and also did its own peer community study and that many towns
          with significantly more land area use two stations.  mr. tosti
          said he was also worried that rebuilding now would foreclose
          more strategic thinking, such as regionalized dispatch (noting
          that new york city only uses three dispatch centers for 8 million
          people), regionalized service, fire districts, etc.  he noted that
          police are often the first responders and therefore we should
          consider training up officers to be emts.  he urged that the
          money not be spent just because it's always been that way.
          he also noted the fincomm original vote was 10-5, followed by
          a later vote of 8-7 against reconsidering the original vote.
      fire chief mcewen said he believes three stations are best,
          resulting in faster response times, which are important.
      mr. sullivan said arlington had the third highest housing
          density in the peer group and more severe topography.  he
          also said ambulance runs were left out of the data because
          the data only records the first responder and the engines
          always beat the ambulances.  he said it would be a mistake
          to close the park circle station.
      ms. munsey said that keeping the park circle station open
          will protect homes and property in the community and noted
          that many people who have been opposed to the rebuild in the
          past had changed their minds.  she said the firefighters are
          unanimous in believing it should stay open and she also feels
          that it should have been rebuilt years ago.
      mr. ruderman said he supported the loreti amendment and said
          we need to consider the conditions of today and not of the past
          when deciding where fire stations should be.  he said both
          people for and against the rebuilt wanted to save lives, but
          disagreed on how.  he noted that only 77 calls were for fires
          and said fire service siting, equipment needs, and deployment
          strategies need to be geared around demands,
          conditions, and technology of the future, not demands, conditions,
          and technology of the past.
      mr. carrigan said the town has always tried to be fair and
          that the rebuild would be fair to both the firefighters and
          to citizens, especially those in the park circle area.
          he said he has two children in the afd and that they and
          all firefighters deserve a clean, safe place to live and
          work.  he said most town officials support the rebuild
          and that the mma study is wrong because it contradicts
          them.
      mr. dunn said he was against the rebuild because he was
          not satisfied that anyone knows how many stations there
          should be and where they should be sited.  he said the
          data in the foskett presentation does not tell if other
          locations would be better.  he said virtually all variables
          affecting the number and siting of stations has changed
          since the stations were built and by rebuilding now we would
          lose our chance to think that out.  he said the foskett
          presentation was only the beginning of a study that needs
          to be done.
      mr. belskis, noting he lives in an area which would be
          affected by the closing, said that municipalities close
          to our population density use three or four stations and
          that population density increase the risk of loss.  he
          urged that the rebuild be supported.
      mr. abbott said he was surprised by the lack of any
          contingency fund for a project being built on a 
          certified hazmat site and that it will be very likely
          we will be asked to bond more money in the future
          because of this.  he said the winchester station just
          over the line could be a first responder to morningside
          and that since the highland station is almost as bad as
          the park circle station, it should be renovated first and
          therefore he supported the loreti amendment.
      mr. burke said that the park circle station was necessary, but
          that it (and the others) should be repaired instead of rebuilt.
          he strongly criticized override supporters and the town's tendency
          to shirk proper maintenance, allowing buildings to fall into
          disrepair.  he said a study on rebuild vs. replace is needed.
      mr. kazarian said it was a tough decision but that ultimately
          it would not be a "big deal" for taxpayers to spend an extra
          $20/yr to keep the station open and that he would vote to keep
          it open.
      mr. bernardin asked if park circle has any effect on ambulance
          reponse times.  mr. sullivan said it had no direct effect, but
          closing it would affect response times of emts, since the
          engines beat the ambulances.  mr. bernardin said it was a
          very tough decision, but also said he believed that if there
          was not already a station there, people would be against putting
          one there if it were proposed to put one there.
      mr. o'neill said that he appreciated the response data and
          that it validated his belief that the park circle station is
          not strategically located and that he did not believe a station
          would go there if all three stations were being built from scratch.
          he said the nfpa 1710
          standard is coming and that it will be a requirement to get
          dhs money.  he said park
          circle should not be kept just because it is already there
          and that the reasons the park circle station was built no
          longer exist.  he urged a review of the strategic locations
          of all stations and support for the fincomm motion.
      mr. rosselli said a more realistic reponse time goal is three
          minutes since the fumes from burning modern materials can kill
          in that time.  he said five minutes goes by very fast and that
          a station is needed in the park circle area.  he said that arlmont
          would be in "dire need" if crews had to go all the way out there
          from highland and pointed out that mutual aid is becoming more
          difficult as all municipalities cut back.  he noted some difficulties
          that had arisen over the years when an engine has been out of
          service and said that hometown firefighters would fight a fire
          in their town harder than out-of-towners.  he urged support
          for the rebuild.
      mr. jones said it was hard to argue against all the people
          in favor of the rebuild but that he did not feel the data
          justified the rebuild.  he said the money should be spent
          on improving fire services and that he was against any 
          staffing cuts.  mr. jones also said there would be "no way"
          the rebuild cost would only be $2,300,000.  he said he
          believed two stations were sufficient and that he supported
          the loreti amendment.  he said the statistics are skewed 
          the because the dataset of time-critical fire runs is very small
          and that in the vast majority of the town responses would be 
          four to five minutes with or without park circle.
      mr. jamieson and mr. lewiton received five additional minutes
          on a 115-21 vote.  mr. lewiton said he had been against the
          rebuild until last week and now believes a station should be
          up there, though he believes a single-bay station would be
          fine.  he noted that nfpa 1710 is a voluntary standard and
          that it is afd practice to send a 2-person rescue along with
          the engine so that in fact the 2-in/2-out rule is quickly met.
          mr. jamieson went through their slide presentation.  he said
          he supported the park circle rebuild but that if it did not
          get rebuilt, he recommended that highland not be rebuilt
          where it is, but rather somewhere on summer street and therefore
          if park circle was not rebuilt, the hq should be rebuilt first.
      mr. carreiro moved the previous question on the park circle
          station discussion.  debate terminated.
      the moderator explained the order in which he would be
          taking the votes.
      loreti amendment defeated.
      capplancomm substitute motion approved 106-53.
      fincomm recommendation as substituted approved.
      there were no questions on the rest of the capital budget,
          so the moderator called for the rest of the votes.
      section 1 approved.
      section 2 approved unanimously.
      section 3 approved 127-30.
      section 4 approved unanimously.
      section 5 approved.
   
motion to adjourn approved.
   adjourned to 20 june at 20:00.



14 june 2005




           [rich,           23:45] 
         

how hot was it?

it was so hot that for the first time i can remember since being a tmm, the moderator did not wear his usual dark three-piece suit but instead wore a beige two-piece summer suit.

this session also had perhaps the line of this year's meeting.  while answering one of mr. tully's questions, mr. maher said something like "you're a lawyer too, joe, so you know how this goes."  mr. tully replied, "you weren't supposed to give away my secret.  my mother thinks i play piano in a brothel."





           [rich,           23:43] 
         

session 10 notes - it's getting hot in here


just before the session started, i received a phone call
       and had to leave to handle a minor family emergency.  i was
       finally able to get back to the meeting at 22:00.
upon returning, i was told that all the budgets had been
       passed and that mr. foskett was just finishing up the initial
       capital planning committee report presentation.  i talked to
       some people after the session and was told that the fincomm budget
       recommendations had been passed as printed with the exception
       of a $13,000 increase in the police budget for an additional part-time
       parking enforcement officer whose cost will be offset by the additional
       parking ticket revenues resulting from the extra work.
article 47 - capital budgets

mr. foskett was wrapping up his initial
          presentation on the capplancomm report as
          i arrived.
mr. foskett said mr. maher and ms. donovan would
          discuss the pierce field items in section 3
          of the recommended vote.
      mr. maher said that the actual bids on the athletic
          improvements (as opposed to the remedy work) came
          out about $492,000 over what the industrial parties
          (ips) had agreed to pay, resulting in the appropriation
          request.
      ms. donovan recapped the site's history.  she said all
          environmental aspects had been completed by december 2004
          and that the little remaining work at the dpw yard would
          be finished by september 2005.  she said there was 24-hour
          real-time air quality monitoring and that unsafe levels
          were never observed on or near the site, that exposure to
          contamination is now eliminated, and that the remedy was
          minimally disruptive to education.
      mr. maher recapped the 2001 agreement with the ips and said
          it was the town's position that the ips are responsible
          for all remedy expenses in excess of the $7,200,000 agreed upon.
          he also noted that nothing he or ms. donovan said before us
          could be used against the town, persuant to a written agreement
          with the ips.  he said that in 2004 the parties agreed to
          defer any dispute resolution and that the ips agreed to
          pay $1,750,000 of the $2,000,000 cost of replacing the
          mill brook culvert under the field and also agreed to front
          some athletic improvement money in lieu of post-construction
          partial reimbursement of a field house.  mr. maher then
          listed the $6,000,000 in overruns, which are all subject to
          dispute resolution.  he also noted it was decided to replace
          the mill brook culvert now rather than leaving it to collapse
          in the future, requiring a large expense of penetrating
          the engineered barrier.
      mr. tully asked of the town could be liable for the entire
          $6,000,000.  mr. maher said anything is possible but that
          it would be "very unlikely".  mr. tully asked what the
          dispute process would be.  mr. maher said first the town and
          ips would discuss the issues themselves, then if that failed,
          they would discuss the issues with a mediator, then if that
          failed they would go to either binding arbitration or litigation.
          mr. tully asked where the $6,000,000 would come from.  mr. maher
          said the town's exposure was minimal and that since the dispute
          resolution process would take two to three years, there would
          be time to plan.
      mr. deyst said he was shocked to find out that $6,000,000
          of overruns due to "choices" had accumulated and asked how
          things got out of hand.  mr. maher said he did not agree the
          overruns were due to choices and that the ips and not the town
          managed the project and that the town has not yet paid anything,
          though the town was in constant discussions with the ips.
          mr. deyst said it looked like most of the overrun was due to
          choice items.  mr. maher said one must distinguish between remedy
          work and choice work.  he said the remedy work is what was
          $6,000,000 over and that the choice work was only over by the
          $492,000 being asked for in the vote.  he said there were no
          choices about the remedy -- that the original remedy work 
          agreed to was carried out, but came in $6,000,000 over budget.
      mr. dumyahn asked for the name of the company that did the
          air quality monitoring.  mr. maher, going back to mr. deyst's
          question, said that the town is contesting how the ips ran the
          project and contends that the ips did not run it well, contributing
          to the overrun.  he also introduced thor helgasson, one of the
          consultants to the town.  mr. helgasson said the company is air 
          logics llc of norwood, who did the monitoring and reported it
          to the ips and that the monitoring records are publically
          available.  mr. dumyahn asked if monitoring was done for
          hexavalent chromium and hydrocarbons.  mr. helgasson said
          monitoring was done for hexavalent chromium, particulates,
          and bha.
      mr. garballey asked how long the $6,000,000 was known
          about and wished he know about it when he was elected.
          mr. maher said it was known in late fall 2004 and january 2005.
      mr. leonard asked if there was a maintenance agreement on
          the work.  mr. nangel, the town's licensed professional for
          the work, said that the remedy improvements are covered by
          a thirty year performance warranty backed by monies set aside
          for the purpose, while non-remedy improvements were backed by
          manufacturers'/installers' warranties.  mr. leonard asked if
          town meeting would be asked for more money to fix problems
          on the work.  mr. nangel said it would not be for the remedy items
          due to the set aside funds and should not be for the non-remedy
          items because of their warranties.
      mr. holman asked when the mill brook culvert was put in.
          mr. nangle said original work happened in the 1920s and it
          was finished in the 1960s.  mr. holman asked if various water
          authorities were responsible.  mr. nangle said the culverting
          was an mwra project and that the culvert replacement was
          a separately negotiated item outside of the remedy.  mr. holman
          asked if the culvert work was part of the $6,000,000.  mr.
          nangel said it was not.
      a man from precinct 20 (i think either mr. nauman or mr. putnam)
          asked if there was a process for ensuring the quality of the
          work done.  mr. helgasson said there was and that a third party
          has been doing various tests.  the original questioner asked
          what the monitoring plan is and what happens if further hazards
          are identified.  mr. nangel said there will be a long-term monitoring
          and maintenance program.  he said that while the remedy cost went
          up the remedy did not change and that the negotiated remedy also
          includes fixing problems that arise as part of the remedy.  he also
          said that if something new comes up, that is still part of the
          remedy.
      mr. abbott said the board of health should have received the
          air quality reports.  mr. helgasson said the reports were submitted
          on a regular basis, were shared weekly with the town, and that the
          boh never asked for them.
      mr. lavalle asked who oversaw the work for the town.  mr. maher
          said that he, ms. donovan, mr. sanchez, outside counsel, and 
          various consultants did.  mr. lavalle asked where the town would
          get $6,000,000 from.  mr. maher said talking about $6,000,000 was
          "not realistic" and that even in the worst-case scenario, the
          town's liability would be "far less" than $6,000,000.
      mr. o'riordan asked what the town's reponsibilities were
          in the future.  mr. nangle said part of the remedy is a document
          which spells out in great detail what the town can and cannot do
          on the field, how to take care of it, and so on.
      mr. doherty asked how lights, bleachers, etc. would be put
          through the barrier.  mr. nangle said all the necessary posts,
          slabs, foundations, etc. have already been constructed, so no
          barrier penetrations are needed to finish the work.
      mr. dumyahn asked if the dpw yard work was next.  mr. nangel
          said it was.  mr. dumyahn asked if the town's liability would
          be greater for that phase.  mr. nangel said the phase consists
          of digging up and hauling away for disposal some concrete boxes
          filled with dirt and that everything else is done.  mr. dumyahn
          asked why the boh did not request the reports.  mr. maher said
          that there was nothing to report since there never were any
          adverse conditions.
      mr. carreiro moved the previous question on the pierce
          discussion.  debate terminated.
   
motion to adjourn approved.
   adjourned at 23:00 to 16 june at 20:00.



25 may 2005




           [rich,           15:07] 
         

what happens next?

so, we all get to exhale until 13 june.  how things go
from there will be...intriguing.  if the override passes,
i think things will be relatively smooth, with the big
exception of the park avenue fire station rebuild.

however, if the override does not pass, i think it
will be a very grinding final few sessions.  i'd
expect that there will be motions from the floor to
try to help areas that various tmms favor (my own plug -- keep
the library certified!), in addition to intra-leadership 
squabbles (such as the difference between the manager and 
fincomm re: the youth services budget).





           [rich,           14:58] 
         

correction to session 8 notes - statue donor mistake

i misunderstood a speaker during session 8.  when that speaker
referred to mr. barnaby, i thought the context was such that the
referent was the uncle sam statue donor.  the referent was
actually the uncle sam committee founder.  the statue was
actually donated by a mr. frederick hauk of cincinnati.  many
thanks to the moderator for catching the error and providing
the true name.


24 may 2005




           [rich,           02:28] 
         

a reprieve!

i'd be lying if i didn't admit i'm thankful for the 3-week break in having to write these...





           [rich,           02:26] 
         

session 9 notes -- the ides of june?


annual meeting called to order at 20:04.
  the moderator said that 86% (303 of 351) ma municipalities
      are towns (42 using representative town meeting, making cities the
      "aberration".  he said around 1/3 of towns have less than 5,000
      inhabitants, 1/3 have 5,000 to 12,500, and 1/3 have 12,500+.
  voted that when we adjourn, we adjourn to 25 may at 20:00.
  mr. tosti moved to take article 2 from the table. approved.
  article 2 - reports

mr. shea gave the report of the ahrc.  he said among other things
         it supported the goodridge decision, has hosted some
         diversity activities, and investigated and resolved a complain by
         a disabled person against a restaurant.  he said it is everyone's
         collective job to work for tolerance.
     mr. tosti moved to table.  approved.
  
article 43 - appropriation/minuteman

fincomm recommended an appropriation of $2,573,384 to cover
         the town's minuteman assessment.
     ms. morrissette, the new arlington representative on the
         minuteman schoolcomm said she has been impressed with
         minuteman's programs and sensitivity to member towns.  she
         said it has been trying to increase in-district enrollment
         and that arlington is lucky to be able to send students to it.
     mr. callahan, the minuteman superintendant, said he had spent
         three years as the dean and then 25 years as the principal before
         becoming the superintendant.  he said he appreciated arlington's
         support and that minuteman increases the overall value of arlington's
         educational offerings.  he said that 13 towns had approved the budget
         and hoped all 16 would.  he noted that because minuteman has many
         specialized equipment needs, is regional, and has no municipal support
         for things like snow plowing, the school has additional and higher
         expenses than regular schools do.  he said the overall budget is
         up 2.3% and that state aid cuts have hurt.  he introduced the
         assistant superintendant.
     mr. markham said that while the overall budget is up 2.3%, arlington's
         assessment is up by 14.3%.  he noted this is the first time in three
         years minuteman has proposed a budget containing an overall spending
         increase.  he said there have been cuts in chapter 70 aid, cuts in
         state transportation reimbursement, and state-mandated increases in
         what local communities contribute.
     mr. carreiro asked if the fincomm recommendation represented an
         approval of the budget, if the computation used the state education
         formula method, and if arlington was already bound to the assessement.
         mr. decoursey answered affirmatively to all three questions.
     mr. leone moved the previous question.  debate terminated.
     fincomm recommendation approved

23 may special town meeting called to order at 20:43.
   article 1 - reports

bos report received.
      arb report received.
      mr. tosti moved that the recommended votes in the
          reports be before the meeting without further motion.  approved
mr. tosti moved to table.  tabled.
   
article 2 - zoning/menotomy manor

arb recommended the "wood-side" portion of menotomy
          manor be rezoned from r2 to r5.
      mr. tsoi asked for and received a total of 15 minutes for the
          arb/aha presentation.  he said we should support this because
          it would allow $7,000,000 of state money to be used to
          renovate mm, make some accessible units, and create three new units.
      mr. mitropoulos thanked the arb for its support and introduced
          the architectural consultant, mr. pollack.
      mr. pollack said the plan was to change three of 25 houses from
          two-family to three-family as part of an overall renovation of mm
          where all houses would get new kitchens, bathrooms, and wiring.
          he said dhcd was paying for it and had approved the plans but that
          5% of the units in the development must be accessible for the town
          to get the money.  he said the plan was to make four of the
          "brick-side" units accessible and to make six of the "wood-side"
          units accessible.  the latter would be done by converting three
          two-story, two-family townhouses into three structures with
          two first-floor accessible units and one second floor unit.  but
          without the zoning change, the three second-floor units would
          have to be left empty.  he said state law prevents the aha from
          doing any further redevelopment even given a r5 zoning.
      mr. bernardin asked why not r3.  the moderator said that would
          be a spot zone.  mr. bernardin asked why not go for a variance.
          the moderator said use variances are not allowed.
      mr. cleinman, noting he was an abutter, said it was a wonderful
          idea.  he asked if failing to approve this would jeopardize getting
          federal funds.  no one had an answer for while, but eventually
          mr. maher said it would not have an effect.
      ms. king said she lived in mm and that the tenants are thrilled
          to be upgraded.  she said if upgrades are not done, the buildings
          would eventually become unlivable.  she said that mm is a veterans'
          preference development and that more accessible units may help server
          war returnee needs.
      mr. daly moved the previous question.  debate terminated.
      arb recommendation approved unanimously.
   
article 3 - home rule legislation

bos recommended a vote to send in a home rule petition
          requesting an other post-retirement benefits trust fund (opeb).
      mr. bilafer said that in fy08 the gasb requires
          putting unfunded retiree pension and medical benefits on the books as a
          liability, which for arlington would be $70,000,000 to $80,000,000.
          the petition would create a separate fund into which monies could be
          appropriate to fund that liability.
      mr. tosti said fincomm unanimously supported the recommendation as it
          formalizes and makes available better investment choices to a process
          that is already being done.
      mr. abbott moved that the actuary's report be sent to town meeting and
          asked why it would not start in fy07 instead of fy08.  mr. bilafer
          said the actuary indicated that was unwise.
      mr. roselli said he supported the recommendation and said that
          previous, similar action by mr. bilfer had helped save retirement
          benefits for many.
      mr. deyst moved the previous question.  debate terminated.
      abbott amendment approved unanimously.
      bos recommendation as amended approved unanimously, but
          a standing vote of 180-0 was taken as the legislature wants
          to see numbers.
   
mr. tosti moved to take article 1 from the table.  approved.
   mr. tosti moved to dissolve the stm.  approved unanimously.
   back in the annual town meeting.
   article 55 - appropriation/tac: fincomm recommendation of
       a $17,000 appropriation approved unanimously.
   article 56 - appropriation/technical assessment/treasurer's systems: fincomm recommendation
       of no action approved unanimously.
   article 57 - appropriation/spy pond weeds

fincomm changed its recommendation to no action.
      mr. tosti said that due to weather and other factors, the
          treatment needed to be done now, so it has been paid for in
          the current fy via a $20,000 reserve transfer, thereby making
          moot next year's appropriation.  he said the $20,000 would be
          kept within the dpw budget.
      fincomm recommendation of no action approved unanimously.
   
article 58 - appropriation/zbrc

fincomm recommended a vote of no action.
      mr. loreti, zbrc chair, presented a substitute motion to
          appropriate $16,000 for the zbrc to carry out a study with
          the help of an outside consultant.  he said residents are
          concerned with developments, that town meeting action
          happens too late, and that the zbrc could help by providing
          a report that could best be provided by an outside consultant.
          he said the scope of the study would be determined by a public process.
          he said the arb was receptive to such a study, though it would like
          it more focused on what state law does not allow in zoning.  he recounted
          how an arb member incorrectly said that floor-area plan ratio limits could not be
          imposed in r1 and r2 districts and discussed how a study on the effects of
          regulating them could be something the zbrc could do.
      mr. abbott said he had been on the zbrc for a number of years and that
          the chance of achieving consensus on density between all interested parties
          in town was essentially zero.  he said that if $20,000 can be spent on weed
          remediation, $16,000 could be spent on studying density and that such a
          study is not within the expertise of any group in town.
      mr. dunn said he voted against the motion in fincomm and would do so
          again at town meeting.  he said he did not believe the motion was ready
          because he was not convinced it could not be done by the planning department
          and because the scope of the study was not specific enough.
      mr. holman said he supported the substitute motion and said that while
          he believed the arb and planning department were capable of doing
          the work, he was unsure if they were willing or able to do it.  he asked
          why they should be moved beyond.  mr. loreti said he was sure they could
          do it but felt they did not have enough resources.  mr. tsoi said it
          was a good idea but was wrong to have a special committee do it as it
          is a planning department function and that the assistant director of
          planning should be filled.
      ms. fiore said she supported the substitute motion as she believed the
          zbrc has been "stymied" whenever it has a good idea.  she said it was
          "a dream" that an assistant director would be hired and that $16,000
          for a study would be good value.
      mr. tosti said fincomm voted no action after much discussion, feeling the
          money would be better spent by putting it toward funding the assistant
          director's position.  he said fincomm thought the study was a good idea
          but should be done by the planning department supervised by the arb.
          he said if the override passed the assistant director position would be
          filled and if it did not pass, it would be filled part-time but supplemented
          to full-time with cdbg funds.  he urged a no-action vote, saying he expense
          was a "luxury".
      mr. burke said much of what the article mentions should have been done, but
          by town boards and not by hiring more outside consultants, especially since
          he believed the town is top-heavy and has received "nothing" from past consultants
          we have hired.  he said he would oppose the substitute motion.
      mr. jones said he agreed with some of the previous speakers' points and asked
          if the zbrc had looked into recruiting local, qualified volunteers.  mr. loreti
          said the zbrc had not looked into volunteers and noted that tac had received
          $17,000 for outside help.  mr. jones questioned that $16,000 would actually
          provide anything of value and asked if other towns has spent around that
          amount.  mr. loreti said they had and have apparently been satisfied with the
          results.  he said the $16,000 was four weeks at $100/hour.
      mr. bernardin, a zbrc member, said it was not a frivolous expense and that
          he has talked to many concerned residents.  he said the zbrc wants to get
          the town ahead of the curve and does not want more delays in doing a study.
      mr. mcgann, another zbrc member, said what mattered is who would do the study
          and noticed that neither the arb nor planning department had volunteered.
          he said that if the zbrc does not do the study, town meeting needs to
          make sure that someone does.
      mr. deyst said letters every week in the advocate
          urge us to spend money responsibly and that the real need is to staff up the
          planning department so it can continue its excellent work.  he asked what
          the plan was for the assistant director's position.  mr. sullivan replied
          that he had held off filling the position until he saw how the budget was
          going but now intended to fill the position regardless over the override
          outcome, as mr. tosti had previously explained.
      mr. rehrig said he supported the substitute motion as the planning department
          was stretched so thin.  he said that even with the assistant director slot
          being filled, the department would still only have 2/3rds the staff it should.
          he said the zbrc had made a strong argument to be empowered to do the study.
      ms. mann, as a tmm, said that equally-valid needs must be weighed.  she said the
          $16,000 could pay for a part-time youth social worker, more textbooks for the
          schools, increased library hours, a parking officer who would bring in more
          revenue than he would cost, and so forth.  she said defining "what we want" is
          very difficult and commended the zrbc for being willing to try.  but she said
          it was the wrong time, context, and amount of money and urged a no action vote.
      ms. harrington said she supported the substitute motion, pointing out how the
          zbrc had found flaws in the zoning bylaw in the past.
      mr. carreiro moved the previous question.  debate terminated.
      loreti motion defeated 46-93.
      fincomm recommendation of no action approved.
   
article 59 - permissive legislation: bos recommended a vote of no action
       which was approved unanimously.
   article 60 - local option taxes: bos recommended a vote of no action
       which was approved unanimously.
   article 61 - appropriation/retiree trust fund

fincomm recommended appropriating $211,572 into the fund.
      ms. fiore said she wanted "to hear something about it."
      mr. tosti referred to the comments in the fincomm report and pointed
          out we have been doing this for years.  he said the appropriations
          come from decreases in the non-contributory retirement pensions as
          the recipients die off and that it must be funded whether or not
          the override passes.
      mr. abbott asked why both this and the opeb are needed.  mr. tosti
          said various changes have left the existing fund inadequate, especially
          around investment options.  he said that in fy08 the existing fund would
          be closed into opeb.
      mr. leone asked what the current balance was and where it could be found.
          mr. tosti said it was around $800,000 and was in the town's annual report.
      fincomm recommendation approved.
   
article 62 - appropriation/tip fee fund

mr. abbott corrected a typo in the vote.
      ms. harrington said she wanted this considered after
          the override for the sake of flexibility and moved
          to postpone to 13 june.
      mr. tosti said he had no objections.
      motion to postpone approved.
   
article 63 - transfer/cemetery: fincomm recommendation of a $181,000
       transfer to the cemeteries approved unanimously.
   article 64 - appropriation/overlay reserve: fincomm recommendation
        of a $400,000 transfer approved unanimously.
   article 65 - appropriation/stabilization fund: unanimously postponed to 13 june.
   article 66 - free cash: unanimously postponed to 13 june.
   article 67 - health information resolution

bos recommended a vote as set forth in its report.
      mr. fischer presented a substitute motion that differed in
          some minor ways from the bos resolution.  he said he wants
          to encourage the spread of arlington-specific information to
          help promote wellness initiatives.  he noted that medical costs
          are a "budget-buster" in all levels of government and for
          private industry.  he said studies show 50% of medical costs
          are due to "lifestyle diseases" and that wellness programs return
          $3 for every $1 spent on them.  he said he hoped passage of the
          resolution would send a message that the public wants more
          arlington-specific information to help decide what to do in the town.
          he read through his resolution and asked it be supported.
      mr. berkowitz hoped the substitute motion would be passed
          and discussed how there are other kinds of "health", such as
          how people with strong support networks have fewer colds and
          live longer.  he said we should work to increase social connectivity
          in town.
      mr. jamieson moved the previous question.  debate terminated.
      fischer substitute motion approved.
      bos motion as substituted approved.
   
article 68 - stablization fund transfer: fincomm recommendation of a $1,500,000
       transfer approved.
   article 69 - override resolution

bos recommended no action.
      mr. loreti moved to table.
      loreti motion to table defeated.
      bos recommendation of no action approved.
   
article 70 - iraq resolution:  mr. hurd moved to postpone to 13 june which was approved.
   mr. hurd moved to reconsider the motion on when to adjourn to.  approved.
   mr. hurd moved that when we adjourn, we adjourn to 13 june at 20:00.  approved.
   motion to adjourn approved.
   adjourned at 23:04 to 13 june at 20:00.



19 may 2005




           [rich,           09:33] 
         

notes completed

the balance of the session 8 notes are done and have been added
to the session 8 entry.





           [rich,           09:31] 
         

session 8 - the train kept a-rollin' all night long...well, for part of the night, anyways.


called to order at 20:06.
   the moderator noted that at the current 4.33 articles per session we 
       would be in session through the end of june and attempted to
       discourage motions to postpone and table.
   voted that when we adjourn we adjourn to 23 may at 20:00.
   mr. foskett moved to take article 2 from the table.  approved.
   article 2 - reports

permanent town building committee report received.
      mr. cole recapped the ptbc report.  of note is that
          the brackett is now finally done and the town will
          be getting paid back $70,000 spent on noise abatement.
          the hardy noise abatement work is also done and the
          town is in litigation to get money back.  he said
          the state will approve the ottoson costs and that the
          town should be getting the first reimbursement check
          in a few months.
      information technology advisory committee report received.
      ms. galkowski recapped the itac report.
      mr. foskett moved to table.  tabled.
   
article 29 - home rule petition/civil service [cont'd]

mr. dunn supported the bos recommendation.  he said that even
          the state civil service chair says the system is broken and
          there there are many positions where it is not economically
          worth giving exams.
      ms. phelps urged a vote for the bos recommendation.  she said
          the clerical personnel know what they are doing and that town
          meeting needs to stay out of union negotiations.
      mr. thrope (as a schoolcomm member) said the union asked
          for the positions to be removed and that the contract includes
          protections the personnel felt more advantageous than civil
          service protections.
      mr. carreiro moved the previous question.  debate terminated.
      bos recommendation approved by voice vote, then approved 
          142-13 because the legislature likes a count on hr petitions.
      in a (by his own admission) rare move, the moderator allowed mr.
          rosselli to offer an amendment on what we had just approved.
      mr. roselli offered an amendment saying the bos could not send
          in the hr petition until a "neutral" had been appointed to
          give an opinion on the negotiated contract.  he said there are
          problems with non-cs being hired for cs positions should they
          be laid off by the town.  he said a cs exam could be called
          in arlington.
      ms. lacourt (as tmm) was against the amendment saying that the
          clerical staff are adults, can understand the consequences of
          their actions, and would be insulted by it.
      mr. lavalle said it is not an insult, arguing the staff did
          not have the information to evaluate the consequences rather
          than being unable to understand them.  he asked if ms. donovan
          had ever called for exams.  she replied she had done so many times
          and that the staff had ever paid for an exam but had never received
          anything but postponement notices.  mr. lavalle said he disputed
          that answer and that an exam could be called.  he supported the
          amendment.
      mr. carreiro moved the previous question.  debate terminated.
      roselli motion defeated.
      mr. roselli gave notice of reconsideration.
      mr. deyst (angrily) moved for reconsideration.
      the moderator explained that if reconsideration were defeated,
          the article would be permanently closed.
      motion to reconsider defeated.
   
article 30 - revolving funds

a revolving fund is a way of sequestering income from the
          operating budgets.  the designated income stream goes into the
          revolving fund instead of into the general fund and then certain
          expenses are paid out of them instead of being paid from the
          operating budgets.  i believe state law requires them to be
          re-authorized every year.  the numbers in the bos report were a
          31 december 2004 snapshot, though the report omitted that fact.
bos recommended a vote to re-authorize the various revolving funds
          and to create a new revolving fund for board of health fees.
      mr. hallee asked if creating a new fund was within the scope of the
          article (the moderator said it was).   he asked where the money
          is going now.  mr. sullivan said that in the wake of the hepatitis
          scare the boh wants to do additional inspections when it feels they
          are needed and to charge additional fees for that and use those to
          hire contractors to perform those additional inspections.
      mr. mckinney suggested the uncle sam fund be dissolved since it has
          had no activity for at least two years.  mr. sullivan said the
          statue needs to be cleaned every three years and money would come
          from that.  the moderator asked if any uncle sam committee members
          were in the hall and upon finding ms. weaver asked if she knew why
          there had been no activity.  she said she did not know.  mr. mckinney
          said that if the fund had no reason to exist it should be eliminated
          and moved to amend the bos recommendation to delete the re-authorization
          of the uncle sam fund.
      mr. bayer asked why the tuition payment and all-day kindergarten fund balances
          were so high
          given how small the expenses were.  ms. donovan said the funds would
          be zeroed by the end of the fiscal year.  mr. bayer asked the same
          of the building user fees fund.  ms. donovan said the fund was used to
          cover extra expenses such as a leaky oil tank.
      mr. chaput said the us fund should remain since the statute must be
          cleaned every three years.
      mr. loreti asked why some of the ending balances were growing so
          much, such as the all-day kindergarten fund.  ms. donovan said the
          town was originally charging $500 and is now charging $1,500 and that
          while grants have been used as much as possible, the fund will be zeroed
          by the end of the fiscal year.  mr. loreti asked why that matters since
          the fund would have similar receipts this year.  ms. donovan said that
          salaries go up and that at the end of the fiscal year the fund would
          be zeroed.
      ms. fiore said she supported leaving the us fund in and that arlington
          has lost too much of its history.  she said town meeting had refused to
          purchase the statue and that it was bought by a private citizen (who the moderator told me later was a mr. frederick hauk of cincinnati).
      mr. daly was opposed to the amendment and discussed why us is good
          for arlington and why it would be wrong to abolish the uncle sam committee (no typo).
      mr. mcelhoe asked why funds that came in from after-school building use were
          used to fix a leaky oil take.  ms. donovan said that the hardy after-school
          program is privately run and the fees the town charges the private group
          go into the fund and are used to help with school needs.
      ms. harrington, noting that ms. donovan said the tuition payment and
          all-day kindergarten funds would be zeroed, asked how that was possible
          since their annual expense limits were set well below their current
          balances.  she also asked why parents who pay the $1,500 do not get
          refunds when the schools get all-day kindergarten grants.  ms. donovan
          said the schools are required to charge foreign students tuition and
          the costs of their education is paid through the fund and that the $20,000
          cap is really $20,000 per student.  as for all-day kindergarten, she
          said the fees and grants just cover the costs and that there are no
          refunds because the grants are anticipated in the budget and are not
          windfalls that could be returned to parents.  ms. harrington asked
          why the fox balance was negative.  mr. hurd said the numbers are
          a 31 december snapshot and that the fund would be up to zero by
          the end of the fiscal year.
      mr. sharpe asked how the building use fund could be zeroed this
          year given its $80,000 annual expense limit.
      mr. mckinney said he tried to join the us committee as he wants
          to promote us but could find no one.  he pointed out his amendment
          would only remove the revolving fund, not the committee and said
          that cleaning the statue is a dpw function, not a promotional one.
      mr. jones asked that next year's report clearly date the balances.
      mr. maher and ms. donovan corrected spending caps to $100,000 on
          the tuition payments fund, $550,000 on the all-day kindergarten fund,
          and $120,000 on the building user fees fund.
      mr. hurd said the bos wanted to keep the us fund.
      mr. nauman moved the previous question on all matters under the article.
          debate terminated.
      mckinney amendment defeated.
      bos recommendation approved.
      the amount of time we spent on the us fund thing was very frustrating.
             as was the number of people who (intentionally or not) conflated the
             us fund with the us committee (the latter, i note, echoes the former
             in not having much activity reported to town meeting).  and for how
             many years have we had the bad cap numbers in the re-authorization vote?

article 31 - revolving fund/parking: bos recommended a vote of no action
       that was approved unanimously.
   article 32 - revolving fund/concomm: bos recommended a vote of no action
       that was approved.
   article 33 - cdbg endorsementrevolving fund/parking: bos recommended town
       meeting endorse its allocations.  approved unanimously.
   article 34 - grant writing authority: bos recommended a vote to give the
       appropriate people/bodies the authority to apply for grants.  approved unanimously.
   article 35 - private ways

bos recommended a vote as set forth in its supplemental report
          to change the by-law by reducing the down payment by abutters to
          1/3 of the cost but reducing the payback period from 20 to five
          years as well as tightening collection enforcement and charging
          interest on the unpaid amounts as well as to establish a
          committee to study the procedures and make recommendations.
      fincomm recommended a vote to authorize up to $300,000 in
          bonding for the program.
      mr. hurd said this would make it easier for private way
          abutters to take advantage of the by-law's provisions to
          have the town involved in private way repair.  he said the
          the current collection mechanism is essentially the honor system.
      mr. burke told on how his street three abutters did not want to
          repair the street and so it ended with one half of the street fixed
          and one-half not fixed.  he asked if this vote would affect that.
          mr. hurd said if 2/3rds of abutters wanted the repairs, the holdouts
          would be forced to go along (and be billed).  he said the vote is
          by owners.
      ms. chaput asked if the new committee would administer the program.
          mr. hurd said the bos would do that.  mr. chaput asked who set construction
          specifications.  mr. sanchez said the law requires 12" of gravel and 5"
          of bitumen tar and that thanks to a vote last year, some drainage work
          can be done where needed.
      mr. jamieson wanted to clarify that the 20-year repayment period was
          being reduced to five and urged the new committee to look into the safety
          of the more deteriorated private roads.
      mr. mcelhoe asked what construction costs are as he is concerned
          with the repayment period reduction.  mr. sanchez said it could be
          from $50 to $150 per foot depending on how the work ranged from repair
          to rebuild.  mr. mcelhoe, who lives on a private way, said that would
          be too much to repay in five years and was against the motion.
      mr. abbott asked if abutters can be force to fix a private way that
          is so bad that one cannot drive on it.  the moderator said they
          could not be.
      mr. ruderman asked if the proposal would change the principle that
          abutters repay in full with no subsidies.  mr. hurd said it would not.
      mr. mchugh asked why the proposal charged interest over and
          above the town's project costs.  mr. foskett said it was to cover
          bond issuance costs.  mr. hurd said it helped cover administratrive costs.
      mr. ledwig asked how costs would be allocated among abutters.  mr. maher
          said it would be per owner and that nothing in the recommended vote would
          change how petitions are currently counted or costs are currently allocated.
      mr. ellis was bothered by the administration fees and said residents were
          already paying taxes.  he asked if unwilling abutters could be forced to
          go along to which the moderator answered yes.
      mr. bernardin moved the previous question.  debate terminated.
      bos recommendation approved.
      fincomm recommendation approved unanimously.
   
article 36 - committee/town's fiscal organization

bos recommended no action but commented they would like
          to see a similar committee be formed under the auspices
          of the budget and revenue task force.
      mr. howard asked what the size of the committee would be,
          what its charge would be, and when it would be appointed.
          mr. greeley said it would be 15, charged with investigating
          the town's fiscal organization and would be appointed
          sometime after town meeting finished.
      mr. abbott moved to postpone to 23 may.
      mr. daly said we should go ahead and vote.
      mr. greeley said the bos felt there was no point
          in postponing the article since the brtf would not
          be meeting until after town meeting anyway.
      motion to postpone defeated.
      bos recommendation of no action approved.
   
article 37 - committee/sppdic

bos recommended a vote as set forth in its report to
          create a symmes project post development committee.
      mr. o'riordan moved an amendment to sunset the committee
          five years after the final occupancy permit is issued.
      mr. hurd said the bos supported the amendment.
      ms. fiore rhetorically asked why the issues the committee
          is charged with examining were not examined long ago.
      o'riordan amendment approved.
      bos recommendation as amended approved.
   
article 38 - fire station renovation postponement

mr. lewiton moved to table saying the proponents were
          waiting for the town to supply information they were
          planning to present.
      mr. foskett said he saw no reason to debate under this
          article as there would be plenty of fire station debate
          under the capital budget.
      motion to table defeated.
      bos recommendation of no action approved.
   
article 39 - fire station renovation capital plan:  fincomm recommended
       a vote of no action that was approved.
   article 40 - trash fee

bos, fincomm recommended a vote of no action.
      mr. jamieson moved to postpone to 13 june to preserve
          the option in case the override fails.
      mr. foskett said the override will determine if people
          want their taxes raised and that this would confuse the issue.
      mr. jamieson said he agreed, but wanted to keep the option
          available.
      mr. abbott said it was "dumb" to act on this article without
          knowing the result of the override and supported postponement.
      ms. wylie supported postponement.
      mr. foskett, noting he was co-chair of the yes campaign,
          said a trash fee is effectively a tax so that if the override
          fails, town meeting should also vote against any trash fee.
      jamieson motion to postpone defeated.
      bos recommendation of no action approved.
   
article 41 - trash collection plan

bos recommended a vote of no action.
      mr. jamieson said he would like to offer a
          post-override vote substitute motion to authorize
          developing a plan and moved to postpone to 13 june.
      mr. lavalle said it was an attempt to hold the threat
          of tax fee over voters and that he would vote against
          the override just for that.
      ms. lacourt said the bos is committed to five years
          without an override and so is morally committed to
          no backdoor tax increases.  she said the override
          was the overriding concern.
      jamieson motion to postpone defeated.
      bos recommendation of no action approved.
   
article 43 - minuteman appropriation

fincomm recommended an appropriation as set forth in its report.
      mr. foskett moved to postpone to 23 may so the minuteman
          superintendant could be present.
      mr. jamieson asked if there was any point to waiting as
          our vote would likely make no difference.
      mr. decoursey said 11 of the 16 member towns had approved
          the budget making it essentially approved, but that the
          superintendant is new and would like the chance to talk
          to town meeting.
      foskett motion to postpone approved.
   
article 44 - appropriation/town celebrations: fincomm recommended
       a vote as set forth in its report which was approved unanimously.
   article 45 - appropriation/committees and commissions: fincomm recommended
       a vote as set forth in its report which was approved.
   article 46 - appropriation/misc: fincomm recommended
       a vote as set forth in its report which was approved unanimously.
   article 47 - appropriation/misc: fincomm recommended
       a vote as set forth in its report which was approved unanimously.
   article 48 - rescind borrowing authority: fincomm recommended
       a vote of no action which was approved unanimously.
   article 49 - appropriation/sewer financing

fincomm recommended a vote as set forth in its report.
      mr. foskett said this was to allow the town to get
          an interest-free loan from the mwra.
      fincomm recommendation approved unanimously.
   
article 50 - appropriation/water mains

fincomm recommended a vote as set forth in its report.
      mr. foskett said this was to allow the town to get
          an interest-free loan from the mwra.
      ms. fiore asked if developers have to pay a share of
          water main re-construction.  mr. sanchez said the
          article was about existing lines and that developers
          pay if their development would have a detrimental
          effect.
      fincomm recommendation approved unanimously.
   
ms. fiore moved reconsideration of article 49 because she
       said the moderator did not acknowledge her.
   ms. fiore asked the same question about article 49.  mr.
       sanchez said that if a new development would have a
       detrimental effect, developers would have to pay for
       sewerage improvements.  he said they have to improve
       flow by three times the amount of flow they expect to add.
   fiore motion to reconsider defeated.
   article 51 - appropriation/pension adjustments: fincomm recommended
       a vote as set forth in its report which was approved unanimously.
   article 52 - position reclassification

fincomm recommended a vote as set forth in its report.
      mr. foskett corrected the report by deleting section a(3)
          of the recommended vote (eliminating reclassifying the
          superintendant of highway and sewer to assistant dpw director).
      mr. abbott asked if the changes were in the budget and if making
          these changes obliged us to fund them.
      ms. malloy said that additions were only changes to the plan
          and did not make salary changes to existing positions but that
          reclassifications would and that was why the article also
          called for a $5,764 appropriation.
      fincomm recommendation approved unanimously.
   
article 53 - establish 200th anniversary commmittee: fincomm recommended
       a vote as set forth in its report which was approved unanimously.
   article 54 - appropriation/peirce school

fincomm recommended a vote as set forth in its report.
      mr. foskett corrected the vote to be a total of $70,000 and
          to take $46,000 from the elementary school interest account
          instead of $43,000 from the dallin account.
      mr. chaput asked if some of the money was coming from
          the brackett account.  the moderator said it would.  mr. chaput
          said some landscaping work in the corner of the playground area
          is not done and asked if this meant it would never be done.
          mr. shea said that all brackett work is done.  mr. chaput asked
          when the landscaping would be done.  mr. shea said it was never
          part of the project.  mr. chaput asked if the account would
          be zeroed.  mr. shea said it would be.  mr. chaput said he
          was not happy.
      mr. trembly asked what the $70,000 was for.  mr. shea said it
          was for soils testing at the beginning of the project as the
          town had mislaid the invoice and only just found it and for
          architectural services related to hvac and accessibility issues.
      ms. harrington suggested taking the entire $70,000 from the
          elementary school interest account and leaving the brackett
          account alone.  mr. shea said the ptbc felt the brackett project
          was over and it was time for the bos to make decisions on
          what would should be done there.
      fincomm recommendation approved.
   
motion to adjourn approved.
   adjourned at 23:04 until 23 may at 20:00.



17 may 2005




           [rich,           21:39] 
         

some schoolcomm details

the actual school department budget report that was handed out at tm last night does not seem to be anywhere online yet.  so for the time being, you'll have to be satisfied with this possibly preliminary information.





           [rich,           21:25] 
         

vision 2020 report available

and here is the vision 2020 report, which
i believe is the most useful v2020 report i've seen since i've been in tm,
mainly on the strength of the spending retrospective study.





           [rich,           21:05] 
         

town manager's budget reduction presentation now available

here is the report, which is a 77kb pdf.  i've
added a link to it in last night's notes, too.





           [rich,           01:31] 
         

session 7 -- and you thought tm was boring!


annual meeting called to order at 20:06.
   arlington madrigal singers performed the national anthem
       plus a four-song mini-concert.
   voted that when the atm adjourn, it adjourn to 17 may at 20:00.
   mr. hurd announced the world series trophy will be on display
       at the veterans' memorial rink from 14:00-16:00 on 18 may.
   mr. tosti moved to table articles 17, 29-41.  tabled.
   article 42 - budgets

the moderator declared the meeting in recess so
          that no presenter or questioner would be counted
          as having spoken under the article.
      the vast majority of the presentation was paraphrasing
          or directly reading a report the town manager's office
          had created and put in our seats and pages ii-3 and ii-4
          of the school department budget.  noting what presenters
          said would essentially be reproducing those reports.
          so for the presentations i only noted who spoke (and
          for what) and jotted down something here or there that
          was not in the reports and caught me interest.
      mr. sullivan presented the opening of his report, the
          main point of which is that there is a $2,000,000 
          structural deficit.  he feels that is caused by a 
          revenue problem and not an expenditures problem.
      ms. loud presented the 
          libraries slide.  she also noted
          that being decertified could cost the libraries an 
          additional $31,000 in lost grants and $52,000 in lost
          state funds.
      ms. kraemer presented the 
          department of human services slides.
      mr. sanchez presented the dpw slides.
      chief mcewen presented the afd
          slides.  he noted that if the override did not pass, an engine company would periodically have to 
          to be shut down.
      chief ryan presented the apd
          slides.  he noted there are only 5 patrol officers on duty at one time on average.
      mr. sullivan presented the slides for general administration.
      ms. donovan went over pages ii-3 and ii-4 of the school committee budget
          report, which listed what would be cut if the override did not pass.
      mr. roselli said the town should get rid of staff cars and asked if
          car expenses had been looked at.  mr. sullivan said it has been
          examined at that steps have been taken to reduce it.  he said the
          cost of employees driving their cars home is minimal compared to
          on-the-job use.  mr. roselli attempted to continue, but the
          moderator shut him down to give other questioners a chance.
      mr. abbott said he thought the town was responsible for school
          building maintenance and asked what the delination was.  ms. donovan
          said all the custodians are in the school department budget, but that
          when they work on a town-side building, the school department bills
          the town so each side pays its fair share.
      mr. dunn noted that 57% of the dollar amount of the budget is for
          teacher pay but that 74% of the headcount reduction falls on teachers.
          ms. donovan replied that seniority requires the newest (and thus
          cheapest) teachers to be laid off first, so a given dollar cut in
          teacher pay will result in a higher number of teachers positions
          being cut than a given dollar cut in administrator pay would result
          in administrative position cuts.  she also said the last round of
          cuts fell heavily on the administrative side.
      ms. weaver asked how the assistant dpw director position and its
          suv could be justified.  mr. sullivan said that the dpw director
          is planning to move his office to the dpw yard which would
          eliminate the need for the position and that the recommendation is
          that the position would be eliminated.  he said the suv is necessary
          for the dpw director's job.  ms. weaver asked about the position
          upgrade in the recreation department.  mr. sullivan said the rec
          enterprise fund is self-supporting and that the upgrade does not
          affect operating budgets.  he said the upgrade was, among other things,
          to do more grant-writing and that it had worked out well.
      mr. berkowitz, saying that people in favor of the override were
          "preaching to the choir" at tm and asked tmms to push the override.
          he said he worried override proponents were not doing a good enough
          job of making their case and asked how tmms could better make a
          pro-override case.  mr. sullivan said that as a town employee he
          cannot promote an override but said he could make people and
          material available to state the facts.  ms. lacourt agreed that
          it was not proper for town employees to promote an override and
          told override supporters to talk to members of the pro-override
          campaign.
      ms. friedman asked about a cut of a hs academic position
          and its relation to a cut of five secondary teaching positions.
          ms. donovan said the former was targeted in relation to
          student interests but that the latter could end up falling
          anywhere.
      mr. smith asked how the comparable communities shown in
          the tables in the town manager's reports were chosen.
          mr. sullivan said he picked the 20 municipalities in 
          eastern ma he felt were most similar by a number of
          demographics.
      ms. stetson asked what elementary school "basic library
          services" were and how they would be offered with no
          school librarians.  ms. donovan said if the override
          failed the professional librarians would be cut and 
          volunteers and teachers' assistants would be used to
          man the elementary school libraries.  ms. stetson asked
          how the town library could pick up the slack.  ms. loud
          said it could not and that even now co-ordination between
          town and school libraries has suffered.
      ms. carlyle noted a line on page ii-3 of the school department
          report that said there was "no current interest" in the business
          program at the high school and asked if that program would
          be eliminated even if the override passed.  ms. donovan
          said it would.
      mr. curro asked why the list of comparable municipalities
          in the apd slides were so different than those in all the
          other slides.  chief ryan said they were drawn from a
          urban/suburban/rural mix that mirrors comparables used
          in collective bargaining.
      mr. jamieson said the reason sped expenditures are left untouched
          while in-district expenditures are cut is due to state law.
          he also asked if the library system would fail all three
          certification criteria if the override failed.  ms. loud said
          that it would and that a spending cut would be looked at 
          disfavorably by the waiver-granting authority.
      ms. crowley asked if the cuts would accelerate redistricing
          and if redistricting would help class size.  ms. donovan
          said it could help in a few instances.
      mr. spangler asked if it would still be necessary to raise
          senior tax exemptions if the override failed.  mr. tosti
          said the bos recommended the change both to cushion the
          blow of an override but also because of taxes in general.
      ms. kirby asked if there is a longer-term analysis of a
          failed override.  mr. tosti said there was one in the back
          of the fincomm report.  ms. kirby asked if it was at the
          budget level.  mr. tosti said it was not.  mr. sullivan
          said that even though the deficit is $4,000,000 this year,
          a $6,000,000 override was asked for to help build some
          cushion for following years.
      the moderator declared the atm back in session.
   
mr. tosti moved to postpone articles 42 and 47 to 13 june. approved.
   mr. tosti moved to take articles 17, 29-41 from the table. approved.
   the moderator declared the atm in recess.
   stm called to order.
   voted that when stm is adjourned, it adjourn to 18 may at 20:00.
   article 6 - resolution/naming

bos recommended a vote of no action.
      mr. carreiro offered a resolution requesting town boards,
          committees, and employees to follow the public memorials
          commission by-law.
      ms. lovelace said schoolcomm had "permanently" changed its
          policy to refer namings to the pmc.
      mr. jamieson moved the previous question, which
          passed unanimously.  debate terminated.
      carreiro resolution approved unanimously.
   
mr. tosti moved article 1 be removed from the table.  approved.
   mr. tosti moved the stm be dissolved.  approved unanimously.
   back into the annual town meeting.
   article 17 - bylaw/lighting

bos had recommended a vote of no action.
      mr. gilligan replaced his previous substitute motion
          with a newer one that no longer banned specific lighting
          uses and that placed enforcement on the building inspector.
          he introduced cindy tollman, the main proponent.
      ms. tollman said the motion had been revised with input
          from many people and thanked mr. maher for his drafting help.
      mr. berkowitz said it was a reasonable balance between
          public welfare and individual rights and that he supported it.
      mr. fitzmaurice said he sympathized with the proponent but
          would not vote for it because it appeared to outlaw porch lights.
      ms. kirby said she was in support of it, because among other things
          it would protect the value of an astronomer friend's investment
          in his home.
      mr. burke said he thought it was ridiculous and that one should
          just pull down the shade if light is in one's window.  he said
          not many stars can be seen in arlington and that all outdoor
          lights in town would be affected due to high housing density.
          he said the motion had no merit and town meeting had more
          important things to discuss.
      mr. daly said he was concerned and worried about safety.
          he also said it infringed on individual rights and would
          ruin the value of lighting systems people have placed
          on their property.  he said it would add workload to
          the building inspector.  he said the intentions were good
          but that he opposed it.
      mr. trembly asked if there was a specific problem.  ms. tollman
          said she has had problems with neighbors deliberately shining
          lights at her and has heard of similar problems from other people.
          she said similar lighting restrictions were already in place
          on commercial properties.  mr. trembly said it was not appropriate
          to regulate 45,000 people because of problems faced by a view and
          urged a vote against the motion.
      mr. dunn asked why light shining on streets should be banned.
          ms. tollman said some lights are too bright and are a public
          safety issue.  mr. dunn said specific, problematic lights should
          be dealt with instead of banning lights shining on streets 
          everywhere and said he opposed the motion.
      mr. foskett said that light is important for personal safety (such
          as climbing stairs) and in his view the motion would ban all
          useful-to-personal-safety lights.
      mr. gilligan said the proposal would only swing into action
          if someone complained and that no reasonable building inspector
          would issue a citation over a porch light.  he said this
          provides equity and a means of recourse and that it is not
          about "the light police".
      mr. hayward worried that it could affect the town's ability
          to light playing fields at night and was opposed to it.
      mr. abbott said recourse is needed and that it is silly to
          have something covering commercial properties but not
          residential.  he said the building inspector would
          ignore something like a porch light and urged support.
      mr. bernardin moved the previous question.  debate terminated.
      gilligan motion to substitute approved 80-74.
      bos recommendation as substituted approved 80-73.
   
article 29 - home rule petition/civil service

bos recommended a vote to send in a home rule petition to
          remove school department clerical workers from civil service,
          per the workers' request.
      mr. roselli moved to adjourn.  defeated.
      mr. roselli said he had more information coming and moved
          to postpone to 25 may.
      ms. donovan said the clerical workers asked for this.
      mr. daly said there were merits to both sides and that
          debate should be postponed until the information came.
      mr. bernardin moved the previous question on the motion
          to postpone.  debate terminated on the motion
          to postpone.
      roselli motion to postpone defeated 65-68.
      the moderator asked if there were any substitute motions.
          mr. roselli said he had had one but the moderator had
          ruled it outside the scope of the article.  the moderator
          asked if mr. roselli had another motion, which he did not.
      ms. donovan said all the members of the bargaining unit
          (except for three who were absent) had signed a letter saying
          they wanted to be dropped from civil service and that mr.
          roselli was mistaken when he said they did not know what
          they were doing.  ms. donovan read the letter.
      mr. jamieson moved the previous question on all matters
          under the article.  defeated 84-56 (requires 2/3rds)
          and debate not terminated.
   
motion to adjourn approved.
   adjourned at 23:07 to 18 may at 20:00.





home






