



  


key west and columbus web design company | toddsantoro.com designs

















































 




toggle navigation











home
about
work
services
work flow
blog
contact
quote
 









goodbye big, bloated global agency. hello tsd.

we’re a team of super creative web designers and developers.
we create awesome web sites and develop even better brands.

you had me at hello! 





responsive web design (rwd) is a web design approach aimed at crafting sites to provide an optimal viewing experience—easy reading and navigation with a minimum of resizing, panning, and scrolling—across a wide range of devices (from mobile phones to desktop computer monitors).









mobile application development (mad) is similar to web application development and has its roots in more traditional software development. one critical difference, however, is that mobile applications (apps) are often written specifically to take advantage of the unique features a particular mobile device offers.









branding is the marketing practice of creating a name, symbol, logo or design that identifies and differentiates a product from other products.






at toddsantoro.com designs we develop and design stellar web sites, applications and brands for businesses and start-ups from florida to ohio and beyond. we have been doing this for over 13 years and have clients all over the world. our firm is a boutique and we produce bespoke designs for a small number of unique clients. if you would like to talk about your project please contact us.

grab a quote now!










web design work flow



every project has to start somewhere, correct? what better place than with research, analysis and carefully discovering your goals. this discovering phase is often overlooked but we feel it’s an essential part of the process that helps set the tone for the rest of the project and to ensure success of the web design.
we now take the information we learned in the discovering step and answer the who, what, when and where questions. this will create our plan of attack and the flow of the site.
planning lies at the root of an epic design.
now that we have the requirements and planning out of the way, we can get to the part that everybody loves — the site’s look and feel.
we take our knowledge from the discovering and planning stages and begin to hash out conceptual designs and a user interface that best suits the needs of the project. prototyping and graphic design lie at the core of this phase.
the design is ready and now you’re just chomping at the bit to turn it into a card carrying member of the internet. good, we’re just the folks to help! this is the step where the geeks stay up late and write the code for the project.
we specialize in standards-based development as well as the implementation of several content management systems (cms) that will bring the most out of your site with dynamic content and interaction.
deploying a site does not simply mean flipping a switch. testing is the bulk of this phase. we will put the site through its paces by load testing and sniffing out bugs.
when and only when the site is rock solid will we deploy the site to the world wide web for everyone to see.
just because your site has launched doesn’t mean we’re out of the picture. in fact, just the opposite!
a great design can only become epic after launch when we can see how people are using the site. we’ll look at entry points, popular content and other optimization strategies to make sure that both you and your users are getting the best web experience possible.













start the conversation today!

grab a quote now!










stalk us on social media 











recent posts


fixing bootstrap’s irregular column stacking


a new codepen.io snippet to create an abstract css3 background


dribbble shots from toddsantoro.com designs


 

latest tweets tweets by @toddsantoro
follow @toddsantoro

 

contact us give us a jingle @ 305.699.3515, send us a text message or  email us.







stay in touch 






add your email address 




email address








 

© 2003 - 2024 toddsantoro.com designs | sitemap
proudly created in the usa since 2003from key west, florida and columbus, ohio
po box 1824 key west, fl 33041




scroll






