










some days dreamers










































 






















home
we are?
meet us
animation
technology
approach
 










 



animation



the importance of animation in advertising as well as business marketing!

 somedays
 july 30, 2016
 animation, approach, technology

for many years, the animation was considered as cartoons made for kids to enjoy and not so much importance was given to this art. it is really a difficult task to create an illusion of movement through photos, images or drawings or even puppets etc. before the animation industry was revamped, the animation in all the world was done by drawing a large number of drawings or taking many photographs and then running the images or drawings together so that it will look like that the characters or puppets are actually moving, creating a video for a movie or a television show.
however, once the computer software made it is to create animated characters, the animation industry took a giant leap because people started thinking about ways of using animation in fields other than cartoons for kids. then it was realized that the animation can be used as an effective advertising tool for promotion or publicity of any business, product or service. many advertising agencies started using animation as an important advertising tool for various reasons.
reasons for using animation as a tool for advertising and marketing

using animated characters rather than actual models or celebrities for producing an advertisement is quite cost effective as it does not require a lot of money to produce and create an animated advertisement as compared to an advertisement where you need to pay lot of money for hiring the models as well as the complete team for shooting the commercial.
using animation is also beneficial because it also save time because the shooting of a commercial, the post-production process of that commercial are time-consuming processes and these can be avoided if animated characters are used in the commercials.
the animation is a concept where you can let your imagination soar as there is no limit to your creativity. you can show whatever you imagine or feel like through the animated characters. there are also no limits for the looks and traits of these animated characters as developing the characters is solely your decision and your design.
you don’t have to find a perfect place for shooting the commercial if you are opting for using animation as the computer software and other technologies can create the illusion of any place in the world on your computer screen.
the animated commercials always grab the attention of the audience quickly than the actual commercial due to the different look of the characters in the commercial. these animated characters make is possible for you to communicate better with the target audience.
animated commercials are never boring because people like the look of the commercial and funny and humorous animated commercial are preferred by the audience over the typical commercials.
animation can help you to make your audience and target customers understand your product or service in a better manner because you can show them the processes through the product reaches the customers through animated commercials. this is not possible using actual actors, models and the complete team as it will be too costly and time-consuming.










                …
 


 



terms
 



privacy rules
 

 








































