










home - elkhorn area chamber of commerce

























































 
 

















skip to content














 
partner logincontact usjoin today



























































menu 
directorypartners why join? partner directory partner to partner deals partner map partner loginabout us about us board of directors ambassadors contact us info requestwhat’s new job postings hot deals news releases enewslettersevents chamber events winter snolf annual golf outing & awards dinner spring food truck festival saturdays on the square ribfest – artisan alley elkhorn oktoberfest annual tree lighting christmas card town parade let it glow community christmas meal community events tourism weatherexplore dining shopping real estate lodging entertainmentresources business resources community engagement








 















 
explore elkhornour city is yours to explore!  bring the fam for a day trip or host your next family gathering and stay the weekend!


events calendar


 


 
 


 
 


 


read more


 


 
 


 
 






























welcome to the elkhorn area chamber of commerce & tourism center!






the elkhorn area chamber of commerce & tourism center welcomes you to our website. whether you are a visitor, a new resident, or have lived here for years, you'll find this site a great source of information. stop in to visit with us at the chamber office. we'll be happy to provide you with all kinds of information so you can fully enjoy our great city. elkhorn, wisconsin, the county seat for walworth county, is a fast-growing community with a population of over 9,000 and a lot to offer to both residents and visitors. it is also a city rich in history and tradition with the warmth and friendliness of a small town. all types of housing, quality education at all levels, various types of employment, and recreation make elkhorn a great place to live, work and play.

















					directory				








					jobs				








					news				








					events				








					hot deals				



















explore elkhorn


























mark your calendar










view all events





















































 
start swinging your clubs! 
spring, summer and fall are our favorite seasons to be on the greens. check out the majestic 27 holes at evergreen golf club or head north for a quick 9 at lauderdale lakes country club! when we're not skiing down the hills at alpine valley we are playing the rolling terrain with water bunkers and undulating greens.
for more area golf courses, click here.
 
 
 
 












 
walk, sway and roll! 
from nature based recreation to bark parks, elkhorn has all the outdoor activities you're hoping to enjoy. come hike along the white river state trail surrounded by farmlands and wetlands. select an adventure trail to explore in the kettle moraine. bikes welcome! stop by the elkhorn chamber office for an annual trail pass and now you're rolling on the trails!
 
 














 
food trucks. need we say more? 
it's finally here! event season in elkhorn! kicking off the season is the spring food truck festival on may 18th - downtown elkhorn. stop by for a delicious variety of flavors and smells. trucks will serve from 10am - 4pm with bands playing at 11am and 2pm!
see you for breakfast, lunch and dinner on may 18th!
spring food truck festival
 










click here to view our 2024-25 visitor guide


















request a travel guide







new chamber partners
















 












© 2025 elkhorn area chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












building business. building community.





























elkhorn area chamber of commerce & tourism center, inc.













203 east walworth street • p.o. box 41 • elkhorn, wi • 53121 














262.723.5788 














email us 













































2024 platinum corporate sponsors
































































2024 gold corporate sponsors



























2024 silver corporate sponsors

























































































 © 

 elkhorn area chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 

















