










downtown dental | vancouver dentist | dentist near you






























































 



(604) 669-1111
info@vancouverdentist.com



facebook




instagram


 





facebook




instagram



 












home
about us

our location
office tour
our technology
dentists and staff
promotions

referral promotion


patient faqs
accepting new patients
123dentist community


general dentistry

under armour mouthwear
dentures


cosmetic dentistry

teeth whitening
dental implants
invisalign® clear aligners
dental veneers


dental technology

cbct digital scanner


blog

blog
patient education
dental dictionary


contact us

refer a friend
emergency dentist


 


select page


  
 
 











downtown dental vancouver

your neighbourhood dental clinic in vancouver, bc
call (604) 669-1111book your appointment





;










dentist in downtown vancouver


welcome to downtown dental! we’re happy you’re considering us for all your dental needs.
our clinic is conveniently located on alberni street in the west end, placing us near many major employers in downtown vancouver. whether you’re trying to get established with a downtown dentist with a well-equipped office, or you’re looking for a practice close to work that allows you to book an appointment during your break, downtown dental is a comprehensive dental office that treats you like family.









why choose us?


aside from offering affordable parking in a convenient location, our long-term staff at downtown dental strives to uphold a single philosophy: we treat you the way we would treat our own family.
we never over-treat our patients. instead, we give you all the options available to meet your specific dental needs, then let you choose the appropriate treatment plan for you and your budget.
as such, we take a conservative approach to dentistry. when you need restorative or cosmetic work, we utilize gentle tools to make your teeth look better or more natural, always with the aim of conserving as much of your natural tooth structure as possible while achieving your aesthetic goals. our imaging and diagnostic tools are less invasive than you might have experienced in the past, helping to put you at ease from your first appointment.
many of our long-time, devoted staff get to know our patients by name. thanks to our patient-centered approach to dentistry, we’re more in-tune with each patient’s needs and can make them feel comfortable, even if they have a fear of visiting the dentist.
our drive to put our patients at ease has created a judgment-free environment that helps you feel safe and relaxed during each visit. whether it’s been a long time since your last cleaning and you’ve experienced major tooth decay or you’re simply self-conscious about your natural smile, dr. esposito, dr. taheri, and our dedicated staff will treat you with the respect and kindness you deserve.








general & cosmetic dental services


at downtown dental, we provide a full range of dental services, including general and cosmetic dentistry. the majority of our patients come to us for routine cleanings and fillings, but we’re also set up to perform cosmetic work. in fact, we were one of the first clinics in the area to do full-mouth reconstructions.
depending on your needs, our dentists may send you to another provider for a second opinion. we work with local oral and maxillofacial surgeons, orthodontists, and other specialists to give our patients a complete network of options, and we’re more than happy to set up these appointments for you when needed.
in general, though, most of our patients stick with us for every dental procedure, including cosmetic work. our services include the following:








general dentistry
general cleanings, fillings, and consultations








cosmetic dentistry
dental crowns, bridges, and full-mouth reconstructions








dental implants
for single missing teeth or full-mouth reconstruction








protective mouthwear
under armour performance mouthwear™










invisalign®  orthodontics
straighten teeth with clear aligners








teeth whitening
professional tooth whitening in-office or at home








dental veneers
fix the appearance of your teeth with dental veneers












see what our downtown vancouver dentist can do for you

we can make a positive impact on peoples lives in many ways, including giving them a beautiful new smile, eliminating sensitive teeth, helping them to get rid of their chronic headaches and migraines, and help with snoring and sleep apnea issues.
the first step toward a beautiful, healthy smile is booking that appointment. and don’t forget to check out our latest promotions to refer a friend or family member.
call (604) 669-1111book your appointment











our dental technology


consultations, cleanings, fillings, and cosmetic work are staple procedures at downtown dental. as always, your health is our primary concern, which is why we utilize dental imaging technology to capture x-rays and intraoral scans and provide a clearer picture of your teeth, gums, and jawbone.
our dental technology is designed to not only streamline your dental visit but also to enhance the quality, affordability, and fit of your dental care. learn more about our dental technology at downtown dental.







itero
using an intraoral scanner called itero, dr. esposito and dr. taheri can complete a full-mouth scan in about three or four minutes without radiation. the result is an accurate, 3d image of your current oral health.
we complete an itero scan as part of every new-patient exam and at annual intervals for our established patients. doing so gives us a time-lapse “movie” of how your teeth shift and change over time.







panoramic dental x-rays
our panoramic x-ray machine helps us get an even more complete picture of your oral health by showing any impacted teeth, fractures, tumors, infections, or bone abnormalities. unlike the itero scanner, a panoramic x-ray is completed outside the mouth in a semicircle around your face.







convenient hours & location


downtown dental is conveniently located, as you might expect, in downtown vancouver, one block from the excitement and shopping of robson street.


mon:7:30 am - 3:30 pmtue:7:30 am - 4:00 pmwed:8:00 am - 4:00 pmthu:8:00 am - 4:00 pmfri:8:00 am - 4:00 pmsat:8:00 am - 3:30 pm not open on long weekendssun:closed



please note that the reviews link shown will take you to an independent third-party website not endorsed by or affiliated with our dental practice.










meet your downtown vancouver dentist today!

proud dentists in vancouver for over 20 years. when you're ready to experience the difference downtown dental can make in your overall health and well-being, give us a call or request an appointment online today.
call (604) 669-1111book your appointment












 








quick linkshome
refer a friend
general dentistry
cosmetic dentistry
request an appointment
privacy policy
contact us
contact info downtown dental
1328 alberni st,
vancouver,
bc v6e 4n9
(604) 669-1111
info@vancouverdentist.com  

our hoursmon:7:30 am - 3:30 pmtue:7:30 am - 4:00 pmwed:8:00 am - 4:00 pmthu:8:00 am - 4:00 pmfri:8:00 am - 4:00 pmsat:8:00 am - 3:30 pm not open on long weekendssun:closed123dentist member 
at downtown dental, we’re very proud and fortunate to be members of bc’s own 123 dentist – community dentist network.

click here to learn more about the 123dentist network
 






facebook




instagram


© copyright downtown dental  

 
 
 









please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility




