






home inspection charlotte | hmo home inspections
















































 















(704) 353-4663



facebook


 





facebook



sample report
inspection agreement
e & o insurance
sc lic# 2137sc
nc lic# 2145nc

0 items
 












home
about
services
pricing
contact
shop
request inspection
 


select page


  
 
 










hmo home inspections, llc
honesty – integrity – excellence
request inspection







building on a reputation for excellence
since 2005, hmo home inspections, llc has taken on over 7,000 home inspections for satisfied clients throughout the charlotte, north carolina area and nearby south carolina region. we’ve worked long and hard to earn a reputation for excellence, and we have no intention of changing the way we conduct our business—because we’re passionate about helping home buyers make their dreams come true. our superior home inspections will cut into the stress home buyers often experience, eliminating many of the “what-ifs” by giving you the knowledge and confidence to come up with a reasonable and responsible plan for a successful real estate transaction.











come one, come all

whether you’re a newcomer to the area, a novice home buyer hoping to make the right choice the first time, or you’re already highly experienced in navigating the real estate market—we’re at your service to help you prepare for a successful investment
with appointments available 7 days a week, including evenings, you’ll enjoy stress-free scheduling whenever you choose us for your home inspection needs
it’s never a bad idea to lay your own eyes on what a home inspector is describing, and that’s why we invite all of our clients to attend their home inspections—giving us a chance to touch base about any uncovered issues while we’re both standing in the same room


view our services





fast turnaround on all inspection reports
after we’ve finished compiling our notes from a home inspection, we’ll immediately put together an organized report of our findings that will be delivered to you within 24 hours. our goal is to help you fully understand your prospective investment before you make a buying decision, and in order to accomplish that goal, we take great strides to ensure that every inspection report is accurate and accessible—no matter what your level of real estate experience may be. when necessary, we’ll include photographs of the home to help you put it all into perspective. 
you’ll be pleased to know that your home inspection is protected by e&o/general liability insurance—ensuring that you’re covered in the highly unlikely event of us releasing an inspection report that fails to meet your needs.  











proudly serving charlotte and the surrounding areas
we’re proud to offer home inspections of exceptional quality to charlotte and most surrounding areas, including gastonia and monroe in north carolina. we also serve fort mill, lancaster, and rock hill in south carolina.







appointments can be scheduled 7 days a week, including evenings.
hmo home inspections, llc, is a fully licensed and insured company that is committed to providing dependable home inspection services to families trying to change their lives for the better by making an excellent home purchase. contact us today to request an inspection.



contact us
call us:
 (704) 353-4663
text us:
 (704) 400-2334
email us:
 knorton@hmo-homeinspections.com
request inspection:
request here



 










facebook


copyright © 2025 hmo home inspections | designed by homegauge web services 






























