




welcome - skycrest christian school



































































































 

apply now   book a tour   plastiq
 





homeabout
get to know us
why skycrest?leadershiparticles of faithaccreditationschool boardvideosstaff directorycampus life & touremploymentlocationbus serviceskycrest live!school profileadmissions
apply nowk4-k5grades 1-4grades 5-8tuition & feesnew parentsinternational admissionsrequest a touracademics
apex mathstem labkindergartenelementary schoolmiddle schooltechnologynjhsdepartments
athletics
overviewfine arts
overviewgroup picturesmiddle school musicalsprograms
literacy successsupport servicestutoring labsafter school clubsclass tripssummer campssavage socceralumni








 got questions? 727.797.1186    info@skycrestchristianschool.org







facts logincalendarspirit storeuniform store



 




twitter
facebook
instagram
vimeo

 






 

 










 

apply now   book a tour   plastiq
 





homeabout
get to know us
why skycrest?leadershiparticles of faithaccreditationschool boardvideosstaff directorycampus life & touremploymentlocationbus serviceskycrest live!school profileadmissions
apply nowk4-k5grades 1-4grades 5-8tuition & feesnew parentsinternational admissionsrequest a touracademics
apex mathstem labkindergartenelementary schoolmiddle schooltechnologynjhsdepartments
athletics
overviewfine arts
overviewgroup picturesmiddle school musicalsprograms
literacy successsupport servicestutoring labsafter school clubsclass tripssummer campssavage socceralumni












 your browser does not support the video tag.   full video 

 












preeminence of christ
 christ is preeminent in all things (col. 1:15-18). central to education, then, is training students to explore and express christ’s preeminence in every area of thought and life.








partnering with parents
a biblical view of educating children demands parental involvement. scs enters into a partnership with parents to achieve success.








no common core
scs is not compelled to follow directives from the government for testing, teaching methodology, or specified curriculum tracks.








superior academics
our curriculum, taught by experienced teachers who love the lord and love children, delivers great results in k4-8.








safety and security
scs makes extensive investments to ensure that our campus is safe, every child is protected, and the staff is prepared to deal with crisis scenarios.






 






the race for excellence has no finish line 

 












our mission

partnering with families to prepare students to impact the world for jesus christ.
"great is the lord, and greatly to be praised; and his greatness is unsearchable. one generation shall praise your works to another, and shall declare your mighty acts."psalm 145: 3-4 
 






















							student services						
helping students become independent learners through a gradual release of responsibility.
 

read more

















							apex math						
all 4th-8th graders are placed at a level that gives them maximum opportunity for success!

read more

















							stem						
providing a unique opportunity for students to learn about real-world problems through our stem program.

read more

















							1:1 ipad program						
enhancing student learning using digital curriculum, collaboration tools, and individualized instruction.

read more


 



 










testimonials 




we feel incredibly blessed to have landed at skycrest christian school. our children are thriving and have made such great connections with friends. we have been blown away by the staff. they really care about our children, their academics, and their relationships with our lord jesus christ.  it just doesn't get any better. we wish we had found scs a lot sooner! thank you for everything!
brian and joanna wilkinson 

thank you for always being so supportive and encouraging! we so appreciate everything that you have done for us through the years. skycrest is an incredible school with amazing leaders and we feel so blessed that the girls have been able to learn and grow up in the greatest school! if only it went through 12th grade!!
jen wrightenberry 

we have been a part of the skycrest family for five years now and could never see ourselves leaving. the education is top tier. they pour into our children with love and compassion and make sure they all know the love of jesus. we are very proud to be a part of this community and look forward to watching all of our children grow up here.
andreson family 

after recently relocating to florida from north carolina, our pediatrician dr. mcneely recommended skycrest for the children with no reservations. my introductory tour was very welcoming and informative, and the curriculum at skycrest sounded well-rounded, not to mention i was only too happy for the promise of christian grounding. we have not looked back since we started; all three children love the school and are learning so much. i love skycrest!
dr. lydia mayida 





 








contact us



skycrest christian school
  129 north belcher road     clearwater, fl 33765  (727) 797-1186  info@skycrestchristianschool.org





links 



privacy policyskycrest preschoolsoul adventuressavage soccerskycrest community church









 







© 2025 skycrest christian school





 










