







oswego county opportunities | human service agency






































 



board portal
the beacon (employee intranet)
 












need help? start here!
about

about oco
agency history
our leadership
oco social media pages
annual reports
community action summary
privacy policy


services

overview
emergency/crisis
education
health

breast feeding friendly new york (bffny)
cancer services
health insurance assistance (ipan)
migrant health
options
reproductive health
rural health network
wic


cancer services
nutrition
residential

supportive services for people with developmental disabilities
chemical dependency supportive services
mental health supportive services


transportation
training
saf
free telehealth space


careers

career opportunities
volunteer/internship opportunities
oco board opportunities


news
events
donate

overview
program wish lists
leave a legacy
donate today


contact

contact us
report fraud/abuse
feedback survey


 





select page


  
 

need help? start here!




 



 










2-1-1 cny – connecting people to services in central new york

learn more




our 24-hour crisis hotline numbers:315-342-1600315-342-7618or toll-free at 1-877-342-7618




new york state my benefitsself-assessment

click here



contact oco 315.598.4717toll-free 1-800.359-1171tty ny relay 711info@oco.org









oswego county opportunities
helping people. supporting communities. changing lives.
oco inspires partnerships and provides services that empower people, support communities, and change lives.
donate today










the huba workforce development and community resource center by oco score, which stands for support, collaboration, opportunity, resources, education and employment.
learn more



coach: oswego county coalition to end homelessness
learn more



oco strategic plan & community assessment 2022-24every three years oco reviews agency goals and programs as they relate to individual and family needs within the community. click the links below for more information
oco state of the agency & community needs assessment 2022-24
oco strategic goals & outcomes 2022-24





free distributions of food & supplies - january/february

provided by: food bank of cny315-437-1899, mon-fri, 8am-4:30pm
oco provides this listing as a public service for free distributions of food and supplies by various agencies and businesses. oco is not responsible for changes in schedule or quantities of goods distributed.



oco customer satisfaction feedbackwe take pride in the services we offer at oco.  as customers of our programs, we value your opinion and feedback and want to hear from you!
if you are a program participant, you may have already taken this survey.  if you haven’t yet taken this survey in the program, we welcome your feedback now!
take survey







title ii & title vi
title ii of the americans with disabilities act (the “ada”) protects qualified individuals with a disability from discrimination on the basis of that disability in the services, programs, or activities of the oswego county opportunities, inc. (oco).  this notice is posted to inform the public of the provisions of title ii of the ada and the requirements of the federal ada regulations.
oco does not discriminate against qualified individuals with a disability in its services, programs, or activities. also, qualified individuals with a disability are not excluded from participation in or denied the benefits of the services, programs, or activities of oco. 
title vino person in the united states, on ground of race, color, or national origin, shall be excluded from participation in, be denied the benefits of, or be subject to discrimination under any program or activity receiving federal financial assistance. 
any person who believes they has been aggrieved by any unlawful discriminatory practice under title ii or title vi may file a complaint with oswego county opportunities, inc. to file a complaint or learn more about the complaint process, please contact: title ii and title vi coordinator by calling (315) 598-4717 or by sending a letter to: oswego county opportunities, inc. 239 oneida street, fulton, ny 13069.
 









successful families, thriving communities
learn how oco has helped oswego county.

learn more













donate
we’re poverty fighters. every donation counts!
learn more →







volunteer
we’re poverty fighters.join the fight!
learn more →









oco self-funded health plan – disclosure statement
through unitedhealthcare, umr and healthscope benefits creates and publishes the machine-readable files on behalf of oswego county opportunities, inc. 
to link to the machine-readable files, please click on the url provided:  transparency-in-coverage.uhc.com

 







this message is only visible to admins.
		problem displaying facebook posts.					click to show error



error: server configuration issue												
			















this website is supported, in part, by federal funding. no federal agency nor any of its components operate, control, are responsible for, or necessarily endorse this website (including, without limitation, its content, technical infrastructure, and policies, and any services or tools provided). the opinions, findings, conclusions, and recommendations expressed are those of oswego county opportunities, inc. and do not necessarily reflect the views of our funders.





 












work with us →



contact us →






239 oneida street,fulton, ny 13069
tel: (315) 598-4717toll-free: 1 (800) 359-1171tty ny relay 711email: info@oco.orgfax: 315-592-7533
note: this is not a secure fax machine – do not use this number to send confidential information or job applications. each oco service has its own fax number, which can be found on that service's page. thank you.



oswego county opportunities inspires partnerships & provides services that empower people, support communities & change lives.

privacy policy

title vi policy

accessibility statement

captain

coach

outlook web app

boardeffect











facebook




x


oswego county opportunies © 2019 site created by brockett creative group, inc. 






translate » 














