









central texas surgical associates - central texas surgical associates







































































    	    	loading…    


skip to content
 




 



about

surgeons
procedures
policy


locations
hospitals
forms
survey
contact
 






schedule an appointmentcall our round rock location today!call now!







round rock7200 wyoming spgs, dr. suite 500, round rock, tx 78681(512) 244-0111linda@ctsa.com





surgical procedures we offer



  


office based procedures

learn more »




   


bariatric/weight loss

learn more »




   


advanced laparoscopy

learn more »




   


da vinci® robotic surgery

learn more »




   


cancer treatment

learn more »




 


general surgery

learn more »








before your visit we want your experience at central texas surgical associates to be as trouble-free as possible. please download the first 3 forms, sign & bring them with you to your appointment. if you forget, don't worry. you can always fill them out in our office on the day of your appointment.
for weight loss appointments, also download the weight loss surgery screening packet, sign & bring to your appointment.





			new patient form		






			ctsa policy acknowledgement		






			hippa form		






			weight loss surgery screening packet		








our doctors











mario longoria, m.d., facs












andy hawthorne, m.d., facs












bratcher runyan, m.d., facs












colin doyle, m.d., facs































hospitals






baylor scott and white medical center mckinney




 





st. david’s georgetown hospital




 





st. david’s round rock medical center




 





cedar park regional medical center




 





st. david’s oakwood surgery center




 





baylor scott and white lakeway




 




									view hospital info							
 patient testimonials 


dr. runyan explains the surgery and the reasons for it. also, is very cool mannered which is reassuring. do not feel rushed during contacts both at the hospital and his offices. his staff is very courteous.
(see review)


                            	june 9, 2016 on vitals.com                            	─ 



dr. lewis did colon surgery back in june, 2015. he was very thorough in explaining the procedure. the operation came out good. the hospital visits and follow up office visits were excellent. he truly cares about his patients. (see review)


                            	jan 19, 2016 on heathgrades.com                            	─ 



my experience with dr. hawthorne was great from the first visit, all the way through my recovery. his office staff is very nice and accommodating. would, and already have, recommended him to my friends. (see review)


                            	march 15th, 2012 on vitals.com                            	─ 



dr. longoria has been my bariatric surgeon, as well as general surgeon when i needed my gallbladder out and for an exploratory laporoscopy. he always takes the time to set me at ease, and explains things very thoroughly (even down to sketching diagrams!) i definitely feel that i make informed medical decisions when he is around. his care and bedside manner can’t be beat, and i strongly recommend him and his fellow doctors. most importantly, he has proven himself to be a doctor you can trust. (see review)


                            	september 26th, 2010 on vitals.com                            	─ 



dr. anderson is very competent, spends a lot of time explaining, etc., very personable. (see review)


                            	tim on vitals.com                            	─ 



i didn’t have to wait at my appointment with ctsa. when i was called back to the room, dr. russell arrived quickly gave me his undivided attention during my appointment. i had my umbilical hernia repaired after the birth of my baby (who was only a few weeks old) and he was able to consult me on how to return to breastfeeding quickly after my surgery. i’ve met dr. hawthorne and dr. anderson and they both seemed very nice. the office staff was friendly and helpful. (see review)


                            	elaine in leander, tx                            	─ 





 








pages

about
bariatrics & weight loss surgery in austin
central texas surgical associates
contact
da vinci robotic surgery in austin
forms and instructions
hospitals
locations
patient referral form
policy
procedures
surgeons
survey

 

call us today ¡hablamos español!
telephone: 512-244-0111 (round rock)
fax: 512-244-2479

 

for your austin & round rock surgery needs our qualified surgical staff are equipped to handle the latest technology to meet your surgery needs. we offer a variety of services. check out our procedures page for more information.

 




							central texas surgical associates 2016					
		





















