







cat litter | fresh step®









































skip to main navigation
skip to content
skip to footer





family of brands














fresh step
 




heavy duty
                        


our litter
                        


clumping cat litter
                                    


non-clumping cat litter
                                    


crystal cat litter
                                    


faq
                                    




where to buy
                        


our mission
                        


cat care
                        


litter tips
                                    


cat behavior
                                    


cat entertainment
                                    


cat health
                                    




paw points® rewards
                        




chat with us



 




















newfresh stepheavy dutyclumping litter

tackle litter box odors for 30 days with fresh step heavy duty clumping litter, our strongest odor-fighting formula yet.*


learn more




* based on odor control







tackle litter box odors for 30 days with fresh step heavy duty clumping litter, our strongest odor-fighting formula yet.*


learn more




* based on odor control



























don’t settle for basic litter—step up to fresh step.


buy now




*vs. leading value clumping litter. 







don’t settle for basic litter—step up to fresh step.


buy now




*vs. leading value clumping litter. 























new

fresh step® crystals health monitoring litter

a premium color-changing litter that makes it easy to monitor your cat’s health at home.


learn more























fresh step®outstretch®

our longest lasting odor control†absorbs 50% more.*lasts 50% longer.*change your litter less often*


learn more




† vs. other fresh step® clay clumping litter* vs. fresh step® multi-cat







our longest lasting odor control†absorbs 50% more.*lasts 50% longer.*change your litter less often*


learn more




† vs. other fresh step® clay clumping litter* vs. fresh step® multi-cat















want cat tips, facts and fun?
join our tailing…ahem, mailing list! 😺
by signing up, you agree to the terms of use and privacy policy.


subscribe




first name



last name



email address




submit
subscribe







purr-fect! you’re on the list.






find a fresh step® for your feline
whether you have one fab feline or a family of fur friends, fresh step has the purr-fect litter for you.


find your fresh step®




























helping cats live their best lives
we care deeply about the well-being of cats and their people. 
that’s why we’re teaming up with best friends animal society and 
its network of lifesaving centers across the country. together, we’re working to unite more cats in need with a loving home and create more nurturing environments while they wait for adoption.


see our mission




















get free rewards for all your cat litter, cat food and treats purchases from fresh step. meow wow!


join now







follow us, your cat already does.





























fresh step


cat litter


our mission


cat care


paw points® rewards




information


faq


contact us


careers


site map



cookie settings


your privacy choices 




legal


terms of use (recently updated)


privacy policy


patents


retailers & distributors policy




social media


 instagram


 facebook


 youtube


 tiktok








© 2025 fresh step and paw points are registered trademarks of the clorox pet products company.  febreze and gain are used under license from the procter & gamble company or its affiliates.
© 2025 columbia tristar marketing group. all rights reserved.





accessibility statement
fresh step is committed to making its website accessible for all users, and will continue to take steps necessary to ensure compliance with applicable laws.
if you have difficulty accessing any content, feature or functionality on our website or on our other electronic platforms, please call us at 1-800-325-9259 so that we can provide you access through an alternative method.
 





family of brands














  















how was your experience with this online tool? help us make it better!

















comments




skip


submit





  














thanks for using our tool!




start over


shop fresh step® litter



 












