




california building industry association | cbia




































skip to main content









about cbia

leadership
cbia staff
contact us


join cbia

cbia board of directors
partner program
local membership
directory of products and services
member discounts
professional women in building

cbia pwb board




news & education

cbia in the news
publications
webinars


advocacy

legislation
regulatory activities
legal affairs


codes & resources

codes corner
building products efficiency council
government links
water & resource initiatives
cirb building permit data


events

meeting schedule
pcbc
become a sponsor


search




 




search


submit



















wildfire relief resources 





saving the industry billions of dollars in economic impacts





securing funding for school construction and upgradesinvesting in future-ready educational facilities.





saving billions in cost increases, litigation, fees, delays, potential fines, mandates, and unnecessary taxesmitigating financial burdens and inefficiencies.





delaying implementation of taxes, regulations, and mandatesallowing time to adapt and plan effectively.





protecting access to building supplies, equipment, and new community developmentsensuring uninterrupted progress in construction projects.





stopping millions in construction delays, fees, and unnecessary regulationsstreamlining processes and reducing bureaucratic hurdles.get involved today!join cbia 





securing funding for school construction and upgradesinvesting in future-ready educational facilities.





saving billions in cost increases, litigation, fees, delays, potential fines, mandates, and unnecessary taxesmitigating financial burdens and inefficiencies.





delaying implementation of taxes, regulations, and mandatesallowing time to adapt and plan effectively.





protecting access to building supplies, equipment, and new community developmentsensuring uninterrupted progress in construction projects.





stopping millions in construction delays, fees, and unnecessary regulationsstreamlining processes and reducing bureaucratic hurdles.get involved today!join cbia membership benefitsone code change or legislative measure can have a major impact on your company’s future success. take full advantage of valuable member benefits, while supporting cbia’s efforts to fight for and protect our industry.connect with a powerful network of professionals involved in building and construction.become a member today 






about us





the california building industry association (cbia) is dedicated to providing strong leadership through advocacy, education, and information.
as the premier advocate for california’s homebuilding industry, we remain focused on our number one priority: successfully promoting the homebuilding industry’s interests in the state capitol and in the governor’s office, as well as before numerous regulatory agencies.
the cbia team has decades of experience at some of the highest levels of government and we look forward to what we will achieve together.



















membership benefits





one code change or legislative measure can have a major impact on your company’s future success. take full advantage of valuable member benefits, while supporting cbia’s efforts to fight for and protect our industry.





cbia partner members local members learn more about cbia 





california needs housing for all incomeslearn more 





housing killers
and creatorslearn more 





california needs housing for all incomeslearn more 





housing killers
and creatorslearn more codes cornerhighlights crucial legislative efforts that are impacting the state’s housing policy crisis and identifies which policies should be dropped, improved, or championed to better address our challenges.get the latest on state building standards.learn more 





codes cornerget the latest on state building standards.learn more 












based on feedback from our builders around the state, we have compiled a series of legislative proposals aimed at relieving the state’s ever-growing housing affordability crisis. we urge the state legislature to take action on these issues immediately, as it’s time once and for all to have housing for all.

































cbia’s advocacy team presents the lists of current legislative proposals that will either further exacerbate our state’s housing crisis or help increase housing affordability and availability for californians. the housing killers or creators lists will be updated throughout the session as bills are amended.










































codes & regulations
get the latest updates on state building standards



























each year, cbia presents pacific coast builders conference (pcbc), the art, science + business of housing. through high-level educational conferences, exclusive networking venues, a curated exhibit floor of 200+ manufacturers, and unique programs designed to connect buyers and sellers, pcbc provides a forum for members of the homebuilding industry and their manufacturing partners to productively engage.





























































through our programs and services, the california homebuilding foundation (chf) supports and celebrates future, present and past homebuilding professionals. our mission is to ensure the continued success of the homebuilding industry through the development of its current and future workforce and by funding pertinent research.















































































youtube
linkedin
twitter
facebook
1215 k street, suite 1200, sacramento, ca 95814phone: (916) 443-7933 | fax: (916) 443-1960
contact us | privacy policydonate to the california homebuilding foundation
the california homebuilding foundation is a non-profit organization operated exclusively for exempt purposes set forth as a 501(c)3 and is not legally affiliated with the california building industry association. donations to chf support construction workforce education in california high schools.





© 2025 california building industry association | cbia.  all rights reserved






search




submit



back to top



















