








welcome to the 

litestar & pulse registry 

 and  network


attend the 2024 national litestar & pulse rally







search autocycles webpage


by vin number
by 'color of vehicle'
by "unique features and characteristics'

by 'owner's name'

by 'location of vehicle'


 




 site map index



vin registry &database
youtube videos
autocycle designer - jim bede

tomorrow corporationstan leitner

pulse value guide & insurance

owosso motor car company

parts list
search vehicles by unique features & characteristics
who's who at autocyclelitestar - pulse
i almost bought a litestar
litestar - meetings  sales literature - advertising
pulse - sales literature  advertising - manuals
pulse videos
surveyfor new members
litestar-pulse rally/convention
pulse gear - clothes and more
1985 owosso litestar manual
1985-86 pulse manual
who's who at autocyclelitestar - pulse
engines - cooling - repairs
repair tips
identification of vehicles
pulse military tributes
jim bede jr. electric litestar

pulse reverse gear
 tires & shocks

history

more about jim bedeautocycle designer
jim bede and doug walsh 
build the autocycle

more about the bd-200original autocycle plans
who's who at autocyclelitestar - pulse
litestar - pulse videos
visit the pulse factoryat owosso, mi

omcc autocycle parts suppliers list

pulse specifications
understanding vin numbers and paint codes
coors silver bullet
rolling billboardshow corporate america uses this unique vehicle

pulse stabilityby bob cervero
ken haughtonpulse hauler
don rose and rose marinelitestar of texas
delivering litestar - pulse 
world's fastest car

pulse in the movies
unknown pulses can you help us identify them?
litestar - pulse look-a-likes

repair tips

tires & shocks
 pulse repair tips page
don muddiman's pulse repair primer
parts list
how i cooled my yamaha 400 
pulse outrigger problems 
windshields and canopies
fiberglass repair
front wheel repair
steering repair
fasteners for pulse bodies
engine cooling
seat replacement
pulse logo graphics
pulse trailers
pulse towbar 
dave bauer's digital dash
pulse safety concerns
a flying pulse ? what will they think of next?
pulse insurance

site index





drive the car of tomorrow.......today!




  about 360 pulse vehicles produced from 1984 to 1990.  they measure about 
 16' long by about 6' wide. a custom frame is used with a fiberglass body and 
 powered by a motorcycle engine. for a quick look at the pulse
  specifications....click here! 

as of september of 2024, 278 vehicles of this marque have been located and included in this registry.


join us on facebook for more info and repair questions and pulses for sale......we have 578 facebook members
you'll find more recent events and social media
 posts here: 
facebook group page  ----  click here 




past litestar - pulse rally photos


see you at the 2025 national litestar & pulse rally

 
check all the litestar and pulse videos......here










 your host, steve schmidt



last update: 1-12-2025...... 
  
  this is a personal

website and is not affiliated with the designer, 
manufacturer or any company officials/employees.
 
website gets about 550,000 hits per year from nearly every country around the world. 
 the site contains over 390 individuals webpages and nearly 5,000 images.
disclaimer:

litestar pulse website is provided to you free of charge, "as is."
 
 the best efforts to maintain accurate litestar pulse

website history, information, repair tips and content, however, it is

not responsible for the content of its information, opinion providers.

you should not assume that litestar pulse website is error-free and

makes no guaranties as to the accuracy, currency, content, or quality

of any such information. copyright 2025 © all rights reserved


