


dennis webster, author




















    
	dennis webster, author
	
  
ramblings from the mohawk valley of central new york





sunday, june 21, 2009



	 
	 adirondack mysteries to be released!
	 
    


 here is the cover of my next book! i think it's a really cool photograph of the adirondack mountains. all the authors and i are excited about the book signings. the book is being published by north country books and will be out fall of 2009.



posted by dennis at 9:39 am
0 comments






saturday, february 07, 2009



	 
	 adirondack mysteries & such
	 
    


adirondack mysteriesi'm almost 100% sure this will be the title of my new book to be released in the fall of 2009. it's a collection of short stories written by 8 others. my story, blackfoot joe, is in there as well. i'm really excited because the authors involved will be having book signings where as many of us as possible will be together. signings are always a fun event. i'll post the exact release date as soon as i have it.graphic novel projectsif you want to see the projects that i'm working on, go to swing shift studios at   http://home.roadrunner.com/~swingshiftstudio/ . this is the site of bill anderson. the projects i'm writing are joe bag of donuts, near death, the maggot show and silent scream. i'm working on another project that i won't name until bill puts it up on the site. anyhow, the art and stories are amazing.ny comic conbill anderson and i went to the ny comic con in ny city to meet with publishers, editors and an agent to pitch our projects. we have several interested but we'll see how that pans out. there were all sorts of geeks in costume, b list celebrities and mad crazy artists packed into the jacob javits center. it really is an overload of the senses and a ton of fun!



posted by dennis at 6:56 am
0 comments






wednesday, october 29, 2008



	 
	 ghost seekers of central new york
	 
    


i had a wonderful meeting tonight with the ghost seekers of central new york. i'm working on a non-fiction book on ghost seeking in cny. this will not only feature sights but also the equipment used and the people behind the seeking. bernadette, ed, lenny, and kathleen had me spellbound with their love and passion for seeking spirits. i saw their presentation at the oneida county historical society and they're every bit as good as taps - the ghost hunters on the sci-fi channel. stay tuned as i give progress on the book.



posted by dennis at 5:24 pm
2 comments






wednesday, october 15, 2008



	 
	 the writing life
	 
    


comics universityi, along with craig rippon, bill anderson and my mad genius brother-in-law rob thrasher are working on a comic book website portal called comics university at www.comicsu.com . this will be a site for artists, inkers, pencilers, writers and all manners of artists to network, post their own work, and receive feedback on their creations. this is going to be one sick place to visit once we have it fully loaded.comic con 2009i will be heading to the ny comic con in february 2009! i have a handful of graphic novel and comic projects to shop around. it's geek heaven.current writing projectsi have so much on the docket, i'm about to explode! i'm currently writing a ghost book, a contemporary story in the mold of the outsiders as well as a couple short stories, and a few graphic novel projects. there's just not enough time in the day to get all this writing done.adirondack noirmy next book will be coming out in the fall of 2009. the working title is adirondack noir, although the publisher will be changing it. it's coming from north country books, publishers of excellence! it's a collection of short mysteries that take place in the adirondack mountains. i have some fantastic stories from mwa writers, as well as members of the utica writers club. my story in the book is titled blackfoot joe and involves murder and mayhem. when the book comes out, we'll be conducting book signings.



posted by dennis at 3:06 pm
0 comments






saturday, september 06, 2008



	 
	 writing update
	 
    


adirondack noirmy next book is slated for release in the fall of 2009. it's a collection of short mysteries that take place in the adirondack mountains. the working title is adirondack noir but that's probably going to change. north country books is the publisher and i'm very excited about it. i edit the book and contribute a story titled blackfoot joe. the book features top-notch mystery writers s.w. hubbard, angela zeman, cheryl ann costa and some fantastic central new york talent.graphic novelsthe quest for publication continues with the 3 projects i'm working on. jbod is a graphic novel drawn by craig rippon with ink and lettering by bill anderson. craig used to work for marvel and dc comics and bill has inked spider man and x-men. the other project is a children's horror series that features the art of ronn sutton who drew elvira. bill anderson is also doing the ink, color and lettering. the final project is a gritty crime drama in a corrupt city and features beautiful women who kill and an amazing villain that has to be seen to be believed. rick arthur, who worked on teenage mutant ninja turtles, is doing the drawing with the amazing bill anderson doing the ink and lettering. i've had some interest in big-time publishers so we'll see where we end up.the next writing projecti have several book projects in the works. i'm currently writing a young adult fiction novel that takes place in 1979. it's not autobiographical but is based upon a world before the internet, cellular phones and even cd's. it's sort of like the movie over the edge with matt dillon. i'm still working on a prequel to jbod, a science fiction story and a few movie scripts.



posted by dennis at 11:58 am
0 comments






saturday, june 28, 2008



	 
	 i am legend
	 
    


i read the terrific short story i am legend by richard matheson. it was a lot different than the movie starring will smith. i liked the movie but the short story is powerful and thought provoking.



posted by dennis at 3:35 pm
0 comments






sunday, may 25, 2008



	 
	 kingdom of the crystal skull
	 
    


i took my family to see the new indiana jones movie and i loved it very much. it was fun to see the older dr. jones in 1957. kate blanchett stood out as the evil russian. i would rank it as the 3rd best right before temple of doom.



posted by dennis at 5:07 am
0 comments






monday, april 28, 2008



	 
	 movies
	 
    


there will be bloodthis movie was amazing! daniel day lewis plays daniel plainview, an oilman, a con man. i was stunned at his performance. bravo!no country for old mencormac mccarthy is my favorite author so i was thrilled at this perfect adaptation of his kick-ass novel.mars attacksthe best part about being a father is pushing my bad and weird taste in movies on my children. i rented this tim burton classic and my children loved it. i remember when i was a kid and we'd watch scary movies on "eivom" which was movie spelled backwards. it's where i saw the classic trog with joan crawford playing a scientist who works with a caveman. silly now, scary when you're 8 years old.



posted by dennis at 5:27 am
0 comments






saturday, february 23, 2008



	 
	 comic con here we come!
	 
    


graphic novel to be shoppedi'm going with my creative team in april to the ny comic con in nyc! i'm very excited about craig, bill and i hitting the road to sell our project. i'm a huge comic book fan so this will be a blast. i'm confident that we'll come out of there with interested publishers. the artwork has to be seen to be believed and jbod is a raw and wild story in the mold of sin city and the sopranos. i don't want to say too much about the story or release too much artwork until we have a deal in-hand. then the pre-release publicity begins! my good friend don o'hagan is working to get our team a one-on-one pitch meeting with a powerful publisher so i'm thrilled and appreciative for his friendship and support. anybody who knows me, will tell you i'm an honest and loyal person. anybody who helps me, i'll pay them back somehow, someway. i'll blog the entire experience when i get back from the comic con!!!!!!!!!



posted by dennis at 8:02 am
0 comments






saturday, january 19, 2008



	 
	 stephen king kicks ass
	 
    


celli just finished the book cell by stephen king and i can't praise the book enough. it's about a pulse that causes cell phone users to go bonkers, turning into zombies. mr. king is our version of poe yet we're fortunate enough to be alive while the master is weaving his web of macabre. the book salem's lot is still the only book i've ever read that gave me nightmares. cell is by far the best $9.99 i've ever spent!the officei bought my wife season 3 for christmas and i've commandeered it. i can't get enough of michael scott, the clueless, inept boss of dunder mifflin. i roar out load at every episode. i wonder if god planned us to be so diverse? it certainly takes the boredom out of life.



posted by dennis at 11:16 am
0 comments






saturday, december 29, 2007



	 
	 another great book by cormac mccarthy
	 
    


no country for old meni no longer need proof that cormac mccarthy is the greatest living writer. i just finished no country for old men and it was fantastic. anton chigurh has to be up there with hannibal lecter as one of the all time literary villains. i actually felt myself rooting for anton, the villain with morals. my favorite all time book is blood meridian by the master himself followed by the road. i teared up at the end of the road and found myself questioning the direction this world is going in. let's not forget the border trilogy all the pretty horses, the crossing and cities of the plain. if you want to know who the ernest hemingway is of this time, look no further than cormac.



posted by dennis at 4:31 am
0 comments






monday, december 24, 2007



	 
	 the best stuff of the year
	 
    


2007 recaphere's my list of best of the year in entertainment. this is only my opinion that is altered by my lowbrow tastes:books1. the road by cormac mccarthy2. into the wild by john krakauer3. the alphabet of manliness by maddox4. harry potter and the deathly hallows by j.k. rowlingmovies1. grindhouse2. transformers3. knocked up4. the mist5. the bridge to terabithiatv1. entourage2. the office3. prison break4. 30 rockstories of the year in entertainment1. jamie lynn spears - pregnant at 16.2. britney spears - loses war with head trimmers.3. lindsey lohan - dwi's in abundance.4. writer's strike - this will have a huge impact on entertainment.5. deaths of legends: charles nelson reilly, evil knievel, kevin dubrow - rest in peace.i told you my mind was narrow and this list quirky. it has nothing to do with critical acclaim and everything to do with my personal entertainment. i'm sure you could talk to 20 people and get 20 different answers. at least i don't pretend to like high art and recommend it. i have the taste of a man who loves macaroni and cheese out of a box, plaid shirts and low riding el camino's.



posted by dennis at 5:27 am
0 comments






saturday, december 01, 2007



	 
	 the death of evil knievel
	 
    


snake river canyonthe fonz would never had jumped the garbage cans at arnold's or the shark in the bay if he hadn't been influenced by evil knievel who passed away yesterday. it's been a tough year for my childhood idols who keep dropping dead. first charles neslon reilly then kevin dubrow and now the evil one. evil knievel jumped his harley davidson motorcycle over cars, buses, water fountains, and a rocket over the snake river canyon. he was insane and a blast to watch. i still remember kids on the playground talking about all the bones he broke when he crashed. nobody has that kind of balls today. take that x games!



posted by dennis at 8:23 am
0 comments






thursday, november 22, 2007



	 
	 back yet again
	 
    


the next msi'm not quite finished with the next manuscript but i'm close enough to go back to a blog once in a while. it's a prequel to my graphic novel project. it tells the story of why someone would be become a organized crime enforcer and their struggles with bashing in skulls, extorting money and killing. i'm having a blast writing it and feel its the best thin i've ever done.the graphic novel projecti just received a complete page from craig rippon and bill anderson. we're getting close to me shopping this around. i won't bore anyone with the details until i have it out and a deal on the table. i will say i'm so confident in the success of this project that i've already written the screenplay and plan on mapping out a game. so, this will have a book, a graphic novel, a movie, merchandise and a prequel. i believe in shooting for the moon in my goals. why hold back? i ain't got squat to lose and i'm having a blast in the process.



posted by dennis at 1:30 pm
0 comments






thursday, october 11, 2007



	 
	 minimalism
	 
    


farewellin regards to my writing, i'm going to go the minimalistic route of henry david thoreau. i will not post a blog entry until my current manuscript is finished. i thank you for the love and support. goodbye, my friends.



posted by dennis at 4:13 pm
0 comments






monday, october 01, 2007



	 
	 into the wild
	 
    


i'm currently reading into the wild by john krakauer. this was made into a movie that was directed by sean penn. the books is outstanding so far. it's about a young man who comes from wealth and gives it all up to hike with a backpack across the usa and into the alaskan wilderness.



posted by dennis at 2:59 pm
0 comments






sunday, september 16, 2007



	 
	 rob zombie rules
	 
    


the zombiemeisteri went to watch the remake of halloween by rob zombie and i enjoyed the performance. i would have to say the man is making a name as the ruler of the universe. i love his music going back to white zombie through his most recent offerings. his movie-making skills are growing with each outing. having his name above the marquee is sure to bring in the masses of dedicated followers. it reminds me when i was a kid and john carpenter's name would appear above titles like the fog, the thing, they live, halloween. and escape from new york. we need creative people in our lives and the zombiemeister is friggin' awesome. he's an acquired taste like grey poupon!



posted by dennis at 6:32 am
0 comments






saturday, august 25, 2007



	 
	 the screenplay
	 
    


screenplaywriting a screenplay has proven to be rewarding and frustrating. it's an entirely different way of writing. it challenged me and i liked that part of it. the hard part is not knowing if what i'm writing is working. i really can't compare it to anything except by saying it's goodfellas with a little bit of a reverse 8 mile. once this is finished and registered with the writers guild of america, i'll release the name and further details.graphic noveli've been getting a lot of inquiries about the status of my graphic novel project. i'm getting close the the "shopping around" phase. craig rippon and bill anderson are mad scientist/friggin genius' and you don't rush it. it'll be well worth the wait so stay tuned!



posted by dennis at 5:21 am
0 comments






thursday, august 16, 2007



	 
	 prepare for glory
	 
    


300i bought this flick and loved it! it's based on a real historical event when 300 spartans fought back a million man persian army. it's bloody, it's gory, it's friggin awesome! my favorite lines are "prepare for glory," "spartans never retreat. . . spartans never surrender." if you want 2 hours of family fun - skip this movie, otherwise prepare for battle!the girl with the long green hearti'm reading this noir novel by the fantastic lawrence block. this book has real estate grifters playing each other for a big score. this was written in the 1960's and it's so good, it's sick! thank god the publisher hard case crime is bringing back these out of print classics.



posted by dennis at 4:38 pm
0 comments






saturday, july 28, 2007



	 
	 harry potter - the end
	 
    


the deathly hallowsi stayed up until 2am friday night reading the last book in the j.k. rowling harry potter series. i shed a few tears and cracked some smiles. this series is something i will never see again in my lifetime. a stunning, incredibly fantastical series that ends with a terrific bang. i won't give anything away. i was thrilled that the ending wasn't spoiled by anyone.lake georgei took a vacation to lake george and the area was beautiful. the lake is bordered by mountains on both sides. i went for a lake cruise and marveled at the water, the scenery and the beautiful lake homes. i also took my wife and kids to the great escape theme park and got queasy on the boomerang roller coaster. my stomach was in my throat after that one. i did love the tornado water ride. it was insane!



posted by dennis at 1:38 pm
0 comments






sunday, july 22, 2007



	 
	 potter
	 
    


order of the phoenixi loved this movie. well worth the price of admission.deathly hallowsi picked up the last book in the harry potter series and will be diving right in.entourageis there a better show on television? if there is, let me know. ari is the best agent anyone could ever have. the man kicks ass for his clients.pursuit of happynesswhat a great flick! will smith delivers another terrific performance and his son does a great job as well. this is my kind of movie. this movie is a true story and it proves you have to work hard and avoid the negative people in life. i love my wife, my kids, my job and my life! i love my 1994 minivan with the rust and the leaky muffler, i love my cracked kitchen ceiling, i love my floppy eared dog. that's what this movie shows you. forget the negative and go for the positive. that's the way i roll and i love this movie for reminding me that true friends and family is what this is all about.



posted by dennis at 3:42 pm
0 comments






monday, july 16, 2007



	 
	 writing update
	 
    


the screenplayi'm in the midst of writing my first screenplay and i love it so far.



posted by dennis at 2:26 pm
1 comments






saturday, july 07, 2007



	 
	 summer jumble
	 
    


transformersthis movie was fantastic! the kids loved it, i loved it. it brings back my inner-geek from the 80's when optimus prime fought megatron for supremacy. buy your ticket, get the big bag of popcorn, and strap yourself in for the ride!the kite runnerevery once in a while i read a book that changes my life and this is one of them. i tell you, you'll appreciate your life in the united states after reading this book. i'm stunned that it was fiction. it read like a true story. it's the story of a boy growing up in afghanistan. it's a gut-wrenching, heartbreaking tome. i heard a lot of hype about this book and it's well deserved.blood meridianit's time for my annual reading of my all time favorite book- blood meridian. i've read this book every year since 1990. that's 17 straight years and i learn something new every single time. this book is violent, nasty, and brutal in it's telling of a band of rogues out getting apache scalps on the texas/mexico border in 1849. cormac mccarthy is insane with this book. the road was awesome but i doubt he'll ever top this story. it's his masterpiece.



posted by dennis at 1:02 pm
0 comments






sunday, july 01, 2007



	 
	 blah post of the week
	 
    


karate kidi loved this movie 20 years ago. i rented it and my kids loved it. wholesome, family entertainment about a boy being bullied in a new school and his quest to win back respect and balance.def con 4this post-apocalyptic flick came out on the heels of the mad max, pa craze of the early 80's. i have to say it wasn't as good as i remember but not quite so sucky either.screenplayi just finished the first scene of my screenplay and its proving a little harder than i thought. this is a totally different style of writing than novels. i'm excited at how the scene came out and will get through the rest much faster.



posted by dennis at 8:17 am
0 comments






saturday, june 23, 2007



	 
	 once again - a history of violence
	 
    


great coffee joeyi watched the movie a history of violence last night and it's even better on the second watching. i love ed harris' character who chews up every scene he's in. he says, "nice coffee, joey." the best movie with ed harris has to be knightriders where he plays king arthur with jousting on motorcycle. stephen king makes a cameo as an obnoxious spectator. grab it off of netflix and you'll see what i mean. joey does something very bad to his wife on the stairs. i giggled through the scene because i'm a dirty man of the male species.holmes on the rangei read this book and it was really cool and packed with facts on old west cattle ranches. i never knew that ranchers had cross bred buffalo and cattle calling them cattalo. this is a great twist on the sherlock holmes saga.the kite runnermy friend dan recommended i read the kite runner by khaled hosseini.  it's a powerful and haunting book according to the new york times. i'll dig in and see what's up.



posted by dennis at 8:06 am
0 comments






saturday, june 16, 2007



	 
	 back in the saddle
	 
    


return from orlandoi was out of commission for a week due to a business trip to orlando, fl. it's great to be back home and writing again. i have several projects that i'm juggling and i couldn't be happier. the writing life is busy and strange. people think because i have a published book that i'm rollin' in the dough. not true. unless you're stephen king you have to work another job while writing part-time.children of menrent this movie, watch it with your jaw hitting the floor. this movie is what we're on the road to becoming. powerful and scary. i loved clive owen's performance.



posted by dennis at 4:10 am
0 comments






saturday, june 02, 2007



	 
	 more movie reviews & other crapola
	 
    


the stuffoh-my-god did i laugh all the way through this gem horror flick from 1985. the stuff is a creamy white substance that looks like yogurt that confectionery baron robbers milk from the ground and sell to the public. the problem is the white goo starts eating you and the masses are addicted. one little boy, a private detective, a mercenary force that rides to battle in yellow taxi cabs and a commercial director with a heart of gold save the world from the stuff. believe it or not the outstanding actors michael moriarity, garrett morris, paul savino and danny aiello are in this movie. 90 minutes of dorky b movie greatness that was well worth my time.alteredi had high expectations when i threw this dvd into my player. the blair witch project is one of my favorite movies of all time. this movie was by the same creator. it was an ok flick with some great makeup. the entrail part was particularly tasty looking. the problem was the plot was sort of silly and the aliens looked damn close to the ones in signs. how does any director overcome a fantastic culture-changing artwork?you suckchristopher moore is a writer that makes me laugh every time i read anything he puts out. the man has skills that i will never get, even if i write 24 hours a day for the rest of my life. i identify with sick, twisted art and boy he's got that down pat. this is the sequel to the outstanding book blood sucking fiends.next read - way of the wolfi picked up this book by e.e. knight based on the cool cover and the neat synopsis on the back. i usually don't read this genre but i'll go in with an open mind and see what it's all about. adirondack noiri've been getting all the stories in for the mystery anthology adirondack noir and i'm thrilled with the quality and excellence of these stories. my particular story has to do with a bigfoot hunter in the adirondacks whose found murdered. it's like a scooby doo mystery without the mystery machine, scooby doo, velma, fred, daphne and shaggy. other than that, it's just like one.



posted by dennis at 5:25 am
0 comments






sunday, may 27, 2007



	 
	 the thin man
	 
    


an oldie but a goodiei rented return of the thin man. i thoroughly enjoyed this detective romp featuring nick and nora charles as the husband and wife mystery-solving team. this movie came out in 1936 and has a very young james stewart. the dialogue is snappy and the plot tight - right until the end.the quiet mani watched this late into the night. john wayne plays trooper thorne who returns to ireland. this also has catherine o'hara as the fire-tempered redheaded irish girl. i guess this was my weekend to watch old movies. sometimes the simplest movies make me smile. mindless fluff is okay once in a while.shrek the 3rdi took my wife and kids to see this movie and we all roared all the way through it. my favorite is puss-in-boots. he gives that sad little kitty with the big eyes then, "whoosh" he takes out his little kitty sword. well worth the 28 bucks i slapped down for the matinee price. the candy and soda cost me as much as the tickets. next time i go to the movies, i'm going to create a fake beer belly and load up with cold cuts, chips, soda, and chocolate chip cookies. take that you expensive over-the-counter treats!!



posted by dennis at 12:56 pm
0 comments










links

dennis webster home page
daisy daring
food, fun & news

previous posts

adirondack mysteries to be released!
adirondack mysteries & such
ghost seekers of central new york
the writing life
writing update
i am legend
kingdom of the crystal skull
movies
comic con here we come!
stephen king kicks ass


about me

name:  dennis 

i live in the mohawk valley located in central new york state right at the foothills of the adirondack mountains. i love to write fiction novels and read all types of books. i work a full time job and do all my writing at 5a.m. before i put on the tie for my day job. i have a wife, three kids and a curious beagle.
view my complete profile

archives

july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
september 2008
october 2008
february 2009
june 2009









 



