












kidcare international - claremont, ca | kidcare international
 


















































donate to kidcare

  1580 n claremont blvd, suite 202, claremont, ca 91711  ·   (909) 624-6101  ·  
 

















toggle navigation menu 

kidcare international 



who we aremission & visionour leadershipchairman's callprojectsfood bank5k run/walkthanksgiving and christmas hope basketskidpaksinternational projectssecond chance, child mother programcow, chicken, garden projectskidcare international orphanagehope for hungersponsor a childdonate nowcontact us
 





















 our mission and vision
the mission of kidcare international is to  equip and empower desperately disadvantaged children to lead lives of purpose, service, and leadership.
learn more 









 kidcare's food bank volunteers pack food boxes

learn more 









 sponsor a child

learn more 









 kidcare's food bank provides nutritious food for hungry children and their families











 kidcare annual toy give a way
 december 20, 4-5pm










 every child matters











 sponsor this child today











 babies from our child mother program











 kidcare's food bank responds to community in crisis
location: los olivos community at the housing authority of the county of san bernardino.1200 n. campus ave. upland ca 91786.hours: food distribution on saturdays from 10:00 am to 11:30 am










 kidpaks
new backpacks filled with age-appropriate toys, clothing, hygiene and school supplies and distributed at christmas time to underprivileged children attending schools in the surrounding communities in the inland empire. businesses, churches, organizations and individuals partner to fill kidpaks.
pak a kidpak 









 officer dog inspect toys for kidcare christmas party











 community leaders partner with kidcare international toy give a way











 kidcare's christmas party for underprivileged children 











 community leaders partner with kidcare's christmas toy give a way
tuesday, december 20, 4-5pm










 garden project promotes sustainability











 every child matters...your continued support feeds these children











 thank you for your support of kidcare's orphanage 











 sponsor this child living at kidcare's orphanage











 animal husbandry promotes sustainability











 cow project provides milk for children in orphanage











 fish project promotes sustainability









































previous



next














kidcare on facebook























2 months ago














2 months ago









thank you to our partners at grocery outlet market in upland. we appreciate your contributions in…




7 months ago









giving tuesday




1 year ago














1 year ago














1 year ago









joyce is one of our happy success stories who ran away from an abusive tribe an found a safe plac…




1 year ago









larry kapchinsky with violith, angel's mother. she was molested by the village chief, got pregnan…




1 year ago














1 year ago














1 year ago















latest posts





annual kidcare kidpack drive - help local kids in need!
  we believe… there is more of a blessing in giving than in receiving. 
  pick up a kidpak from k… read more







3rd annual kidcare international charity 5k run/walk - april 27, 2024
 on saturday, april 27th, kidcare international will host its 3rd annual 5k run / walk event.
   
… read more



more posts ›








send us a message




 * first name: * last name: * email: * message:  i consent to sharing the above information in accordance with the privacy policysubmit 
thank you for contacting us! 



















copyright © 2025 kidcare international. all rights reserved.

kidcare international is a 501(c)(3) tax exempt organization1580 n. claremont blvd, claremont, ca 91711 · (909) 624-6101 · 
newsletter signup
 privacy policy · powered by membership vision 



























 

view entire post








 











holy eucharist
sunday, february 16, 9:00 am - 10:00 amworship in the episcopal church rests on scripture and the traditions of the elegant language of the book of common prayer. while the worship might seem more formal than spontaneous, we reliably read scripture every time we worship together, and we follow the liturgy that has stood the test of time. our worship is in letting the liturgy carry us along into a deeper spiritual awareness and connection with god.get directions













vestry meeting
tuesday, february 18, 6:00 pm - 7:00 pmthe grace vestry typically meets the third tuesday of each month.get directions













holy eucharist
sunday, february 23, 9:00 am - 10:00 amworship in the episcopal church rests on scripture and the traditions of the elegant language of the book of common prayer. while the worship might seem more formal than spontaneous, we reliably read scripture every time we worship together, and we follow the liturgy that has stood the test of time. our worship is in letting the liturgy carry us along into a deeper spiritual awareness and connection with god.get directions













food pantry sunday
sunday, march 2, 9:00 am - 9:30 ambring offerings of food the 1st sunday of each month! grace episcopal church works to distribute these offerings locally. call the church at (815) 625-0442 with any questions!get directions













holy eucharist
sunday, march 2, 9:00 am - 10:00 amworship in the episcopal church rests on scripture and the traditions of the elegant language of the book of common prayer. while the worship might seem more formal than spontaneous, we reliably read scripture every time we worship together, and we follow the liturgy that has stood the test of time. our worship is in letting the liturgy carry us along into a deeper spiritual awareness and connection with god.get directions















service times


















 location
kidcare international
                            1580 n claremont blvdsuite 202
                            claremont, ca 91711
(909) 624-6101
contact us 




































































 
go!












