





















desoto development corporation




 


 




 skip to main content.
download our presentation developing desoto









toggle navigation




about usddc staffboard of directorsagendas & minuteseconomic development partnersbusiness supportcontact usliving herehousingeducationhealthcarechildcareout & aboutamenities & attractionschoose desotosites & buildingscommunity profileindustry clustersadvanced manufacturingaviation & aerospacelife science and biotechnologylogistics warehouse & distributionprofessional servicesretailincentivesproperty improvement incentivesopportunity zonetexas enterprise zone mapinfrastructuretaxesworkforcearea talentmajor employershigher educationworkforce resourcesnews & medialatest newstestimonialsnewsletter sign-upresource librarysearch









twitter





instagram





facebook





youtube





linkedin











share to facebook



share to twitter/x



share to linkedin



print



email









add to report



view report



learn more about our report maker



 
search desoto




 



access the north texas life science infrastructure for a fraction of the cost



within a two day's drive of 93% of the u.s. population



access a 2:1 ratio of life science workforce to total life science jobs within a 15-minute radius of desoto



previous



next
 

 





advanced manufacturing 






aviation & aerospace 






life science and biotechnology 






logistics warehouse & distribution 






professional services 






retail 





desoto, tx: where innovation and opportunity converge
discover the ideal location for your business in desoto, texas, where innovation meets opportunity across multiple industries. with a skilled workforce, several shovel-ready sites, and a projected job growth rate of 75% over the next decade, desoto is positioned to support the logistics, retail, and life sciences industries.located just 15 minutes south of downtown dallas, desoto offers more than just a strategic location. our vibrant and diverse community features low-cost land prices, a plentiful labor supply, and two major international airports within 30 minutes, and in reach of 93% of the u.s. population within a two-day drive. desoto companies benefit from a first-mover advantage and the ability to hire the top-tier talent currently commuting out for work. invest in desoto today, for a workforce that will enable your company to grow. 






testimonials






“diab americas lp would like to thank the dedc for their support and participation in diab's growth during the company's 30+ years in desoto.diab is proud to be part of a community where business and government can work as partners.”anders berg, president – diab americas lp 






“brittle-brittle is a family-owned and -operated candy and snack manufacturer. we recently decided on an expansion and were drawn to desoto primarily by the logistics. the location was a no-brainer. once we met with the desoto economic development corporation, it was clear they wanted our business as much as we wanted to be here. the city went above and beyond and helped facilitate our move here. we could not be happier with the city of desoto and our decision to become part of this business community.”jim brown, co-owner, brittle-brittle 






“dw distribution is a 3rd-generation, family-owned business, with 6 decades of experience. we distribute residential building products throughout texas and surrounding states. we came to desoto in 1999 based on its affordability, a valuable incentive package, its access to major highways and roads, as well as a plentiful workforce. it has been a great decision for our company. dw distribution would recommend desoto to anyone looking to capitalize on those same benefits. the desoto economic development corporation has been outstanding to work with. we have not only made facility investments, but we will be looking to make ongoing investments in the future.”nathan potter, ceo, dw distribution 






75%job growth expected in desoto over the next decade$98,053median household income1,400+life science companies in desoto and north texas





featured news
 








                                                                        desoto launches new community service and external affairs department
                                

                                    october 9, 2024                                
read more










                                                                        new housing and shopping development underway in desoto
                                

                                    august 23, 2024                                
read more










                                                                        desoto isd saves taxpayers millions through bond refinancing
                                

                                    august 18, 2024                                
read more










                                                                        desoto’s capital improvement projects underway
                                

                                    august 15, 2024                                
read more










                                                                        reece usa opens dallas dc
                                

                                    february 5, 2024                                
read more










                                                                        desoto independent school district launches esports program, paving the way for high-tech careers and industry partnerships
                                

                                    december 19, 2023                                
read more










                                                                        u.s. small business administration enters strategic alliance with the city of desoto
                                

                                    august 4, 2023                                
read more










                                                                        desoto manufacturer glasfloss industries to become an employee-owned company
                                

                                    july 5, 2023                                
read more







quality of life







desoto's diverse healthcare optionsdesoto has many healthcare facilities within and nearby, including hospitals, state-of-the-art medical and senior living centers. care options are available for every stage of life, keeping families close. learn more 








dallas–fort worth is only minutes awaydesoto has much to offer, including quick access to dallas’ central business district, where you can catch a game, visit a museum, and enjoy fine dining. learn more 








logistically positioned at the crossroads of commercedesoto's central location near i-35, i-20, i-45, and highway 67 allows quick access to major metropolitan hubs across the country. learn more 








experience over 230 sunny days a year in desotodesoto is perfect for year-round outdoor activities. explore 494 acres of natural beauty across 22 parks, trails, and recreational facilities. learn more 




previous



next
 








tell us about your project! desoto economic  development can connect your business with:financing & funding resources incentive programs sites and propertiesworkforce resources

desoto development corporation 211 e. pleasant run road desoto, tx 75115phone: 
                                    972-230-9611
                                 


home
city
chamber
contact
site map





clickable area to return to top of page.






twitter





instagram





facebook





youtube





linkedin





                           © 2025 desoto development corporation. all rights reserved.
                            economic development websites by
                            
                                golden shovel agency.
                    











