






okanogan country radio :: home






















            	follow us: 


            2:52 am / sunday ,16th february 2025			

phone: (509) 826-0100           1-800-725-komwemail: info@komw.net 



homeweatherpartylinesportseventsstreaming audiocontestscontest rules2019 sizzlin summerprogramspartylineopenlineopenline legislativehealthlinesunrise ranchswing shift78 of the dayatomic tiki loungestationskomwkncwkzbefcc applicationsabout usstaffcontactsequal employment opportunity program 





 

okanogan country radio, your source for local information & news.
  
 

 weather
 local news
sports
 partyline
 events






 


featured local news:



utilities collaborate on power planning



sheila corsonokanogan county pudjul 01, 2021        

			with questions and concerns swirling in the community, representatives from power utilities, fire districts and city and county…			



(read all news)



ncbi broadcasts an extensive selection of live sports events with sports announcers brian bowes, jim skinner and ron cate. ncbi high school coverage includes football and basketball.click here to hear live high school games over the internet. high school games are 1½ to 2 hours in length. 


the program is all buy, sell, and trade items from listeners. this popular program is provided at no charge to private, non-business type items. partyline items are also distributed in print each wednesday through partyline print and are published each week here on the web as well. tune in to north central washington's biggest marketplace, partyline on komw & kncw!
tune in live to listen to partyline! 
click here to listen live!
partyline is only streamed live during the show on tuesday's and saturday's from 8:00am to 9:00am.
 
updated every wednesdayonce your ad has been read on the air, it will appear in partyline print. if it wasn't read on the air before wednesday, it will be read on the air the next show and be in partyline print the following wednesday.
 
send your partyline listing to us at partyline@komw.net 





listen throughout washington's okanogan country: kncw 92.7fm, kzbe 104.3fm, komw 680am
if you missed it on the radio, you can find it here! look to okanogan country radio online for the latest news, activities, and broadcasts available in this area.
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
station public file - komw      station public file-kncw     station public file - kzbe fcc applications
  



 







 




home


weather


partyline


sports


events


streaming audio


contests


programs


stations


about us



        © 2025 okanogan country radio.
          
        all rights reserved.                    log in







