


	checking, mortgages, credit cards & more - truity credit union
































































scam alert: beware of fake texts! we’ll never ask for personal info via text. don’t click links—report scams to reportscams@truitycu.org. 





 log in















join
checking
savings
loans
services
cars
payments





search for…:















search for:






download app
home
contact
locations
rates & fees
loans
payments
checking
savings
careers
join
shop for cars
services
resources
security
privacy












800.897.6991

support center


appointments








current promotions and news ads



























main content area




truity credit union's featured rates






home loans as low as6.531% apr1

learn more 









auto loans as low as 6.74% apr/wac2

apply 






credit cards as low as 
0% intro apr3

apply 











savings as high as 4.00% apy4

see rates 












recent posts





government payments and privacy
a message to our members addressing concerns about government payments and financial privacy.  full story






how to protect yourself from voice scams
voice scams, or “vishing”, are becoming more common, with scammers using phone calls or messages to trick people into giving away personal information.  full story












disclosures
  
truity federal credit union’s nmls institution id# 619450
1. variable rate loan. rates are based on a primary residence purchase for members with excellent credit in bartlesville, ok. your rate will be based on credit history and loan type. rates are accurate as of the date listed and are subject to change anytime. this information was not compiled in accordance with advertising regulations and is not intended for public dissemination.

we do not allow you to lock your interest rate online. a loan officer will contact you to lock your rate after you submit your application.
the actual interest rate offered and annual percentage rate (apr) is based on your credit history, product, loan term and the percentage of remaining equity in your home, and may be different than the rate displayed here. the rates shown on this page are for borrowers with excellent credit and are subject to change without notice.
you should always consult a tax advisor about deductibility.
adequate homeowner's insurance coverage is a requirement for this loan.

we do business in accordance with the federal fair housing law and the equal credit opportunity act.2. apr=annual percentage rate. rate subject to credit approval and criteria. available for new and refinanced auto loans. loan payment example: $20,000 at 6.74% for 60 months=$393.58 per month. other rates and terms available. see credit union for details.3. ** 0.00% apr for 12 months. (excludes existing truity credit card balances.) after 12 months, your apr will be variable based on your creditworthiness and the prime rate. 4. this is the highest apy (annual percentage yield) available today for 60-month share certificates. please review the current rates offered for all deposit products. a minimum deposit of $500 is required to purchase a certificate and receive the stated apy. savings rates are subject to change without notice. fees may reduce earnings on some savings accounts; penalty may be imposed for early withdrawal from share certificates. many other savings options are available. be sure to read the terms and conditions for the account you select. 











you are leaving truity credit union's website
×close



by accessing this link you will be leaving truity's website and entering a website hosted by a third party. truity is not responsible for the content of the alternate website and does 
          not represent either the third party or the member if the two enter into a transaction. please be advised that you will no longer be subject to, or under the protection of, the privacy and 
          security policies of truity's website. we encourage you to read and evaluate the privacy and security policies of the site you are entering, which may be different from those of truity's.
clicking continue will transfer you to another website.


return to truity
continue







schedule an appointment
×close



truity knows your time is valuable, and we make it easy to schedule an appointment on the phone or in-person at your local branch. you may begin the appointment process by selecting your nearest branch.
choose your branch:



bartlesville downtown branch
bartlesville waso branch
houston conocophillips branch
houston phillips66 branch
lawrence main branch
lawrence west branch
lawrence south branch

olathe lone elm branch
rogers/tulsa county mortgage


schedule a video appointment book appointment
make an appointment at bartlesville downtown book appointment
make an appointment at bartlesville waso book appointment
make an appointment at houston conocophillips book appointment
make an appointment at houston phillips66 book appointment
make an appointment at lawrence main book appointment
make an appointment at lawrence west book appointment
make an appointment at lawrence south book appointment

make an appointment at olathe lone elm book appointment
make an appointment in tulsa book appointment


close







routing number: 303184652


 
















how can we help you?

1.800.897.6991
contact center and chat hours monday-friday   7:30 a.m.-6:00 p.m. (cst) saturday   9 a.m.-12 p.m. (cst) 
view locations & branch hours
truity credit union, p.o. box 1358, bartlesville, ok 74005-1358




about truity

about us
careers
become a member
community involvement
financial statement



member support

contact us
branches & atms
financial wellness
support
rates & fees



additional services

digital banking
mobile app
insurance
truity travels
calculators
privacy policy
security










© 2025. truity credit union is federally insured by the ncua.




privacy policy


security














