






home - east coast power


































skip to content












home
about


contact for 24/7 service

















contact for 24/7 service















home
about
 













                            your browser does not support the video tag.
                        







your national power supply manufacturerover 50 years of electrical manufacturing and servicing experience.
contact us today













quality products, quick lead-time, and exceptional customer service.
east coast power systems’ products can be customized directly at our 120,000 sq. ft manufacturing facility and company headquarters in tinton falls, nj. manufacturing panelboards, utility cabinets, switch gear, and more!

call (732) 739-6400












ul508a custom control panels ecps meets the needs and standards of ul508a. control panels are manufactured to customer’s unique requirements. from simple push buttons to complex plc systems, our control panels have been manufactured for a wide variety of industry applications.





power services our power services division supports our customers with warranty service, preventive maintenance, emergency service, and site installation support, both off and
on-site!





customization at east coast power systems, we are committed to exceeding your expectations. if we don’t have a standard product to meet your needs, quality customization is available.





power distribution services as professionals who understand the importance of effective and efficient power distribution, we are committed to providing our clients with the best results possible.





emergency services east coast power supports our clients seven days a week, twenty four hours a day. if you should have an after hours problem you can always reach someone at east coast.





data centers east coast provides service and support for uninterrupted power supplies for critical data centers.



 




 





















 
 
 
 
 






get exceptional customer service
fill out the form below and we’ll get back to you as soon as possible! for 24/7 emergency repair service, call (732) 739-6400







first name





last name





email address






phone





message









i agree to the privacy policy.




 






































copyright 2025 east coast power systems. all rights reserved.
101 tornillo way, tinton falls, new jersey 07712
privacy policy | phone: (732) 739-6400






our website uses cookies in order to give you a consistently meaningful experience. by continuing, you are agreeing to our use of these cookies.

i accept


































