







	ametek test | material testing machines & force measurement instruments








your browser is out of date. the site is optimized for ie 9 (not compatibility mode) and above, chrome 29, firefox 23 and safari 6.0.

































skip to content




        english





this site in other languages:



select language to see other languages for ametektest.com




chinese





french





danish





german





english




 















 









   
login




registered user login








 









toggle navigation 






materialsplastics testing solutionspolymer testing solutionsrubber testing solutionsmetals testing solutionswood testing solutionstextile testing solutionsspring testing solutionsbuilding materials testing solutionsautomotive component testing solutionselectronics testing solutionspaper and cardboard testing solutionsfood testing solutionscosmetics testing solutionspackaging testing solutionsmedical device testing solutionspharmaceutical testing solutionsproductsforce gaugesdigital force gaugesmechanical force gaugesergonomic force gaugeshydraulic force gaugesmaterial testersmanual test standsmotorized test standsuniversal test machines - up to 5 knuniversal test machines - up to 100 knapplication specific testerspolymer testerstexture analyzersfriction testershardness testerssoftwareextensometersvideo extensometerslong travel extensometersdeflection gauge extensometerscontacting extensometersgrips and fixturesgrips and fixtures for force gaugesgrips and fixtures for test standsfood grips and fixturesaccessoriesload cells and sensorspogossplinter shieldsthermal cabinetsfurnacesprecision weighing scaleslearning zonetest typesvideoslibraryarticlesapplication notesglossarystandardsinternational standards - adhesives and sealantsinternational standards - building products and constructioninternational standards - ceramicsinternational standards - compositesinternational standards - electrical componentsinternational standards - foamsinternational standards - footwearinternational standards - glassinternational standards - medical devicesinternational standards - metalsinternational standards - packaginginternational standards - paper and cardboardinternational standards - plastics and rubberinternational standards - textiles and fabricsinternational standards - wire, yarn and threadcase storiessupportfaqdocumentation and manualsmanual downloadcertificate downloadaccreditationsobsolete productslooking to replace your test equipment?chatillon firmware updatesmaterial test machine firmware upgradesapplication supportservice and calibrationterms and conditionsproduct support - rmaregister your productrequest rmasoftware downloadnewsproduct and company newstrade showspress contactabout usabout ametek stcwelcome to ametek's sustainability hub! career - shape your future with ametek stcour brandsour corporate partnerscontact usrequest a quoteametek sales officesinternational distributorsservice center locationregister your productwebshop





















































































































ametektest at a glance


ametek sensors, test & calibration - measuring up to your standards!
 
ametek sensors, test & calibration supplies materials testing machines and force measurement instruments that provide the highest level of performance and capability for production testing, quality control, laboratory testing, research and education. chatillon and lloyd instruments are just some of the world-renowned brands manufactured and supplied by ametek sensors, test & calibration.

used to determine the physical and mechanical properties of raw materials and components and ideal for product testing of finished goods such as plastics, packaging, medical devices, electronic components, textiles, metals, composites, paper and more, ametek sensors, test & calibration manufactures and supplies universal testing machines (utm) and tensile testers worldwide. 

a comprehensive range of materials testing machines, force measurement machines, digital force gauges, torque gauges, grips, fixtures, load cells and accessories is backed up by an impressive customer support program that includes technical support, field and factory service capabilities, calibration and more. 

find our range of material testing machines, texture analysers and friction testers in the lloyd instruments brochure.
find our range of force testing instruments such as manual, motorized and digital test stands and force gauges in the chatillon brochure.

#carefortomorrow
at ametek stc we believe in building a sustainable future for our customers, colleagues, suppliers, and the communities in which we operate. we take an active role in promoting real change, by contributing to a healthy, fair, and sustainable society in many of the countries our facilities are located. learn more about what we do right here.

want to make an impact? shape your future with ametek stc!
ametek stc has long been a pioneer and industry leader because of its skilled and motivated workforce. we believe that all employees are of equal value, and we believe in developing and encouraging their individual talents. this is why employees stay with us for many years; even decades. curious to learn more about working at ametek stc? learn more right here









recent news





 wtr andretti racing team leverages ametek lloyd ld 50 for superior suspension testing

in the high-stakes world of motorsport, precision and performance are paramount. the wtr andretti racing team has taken a significant step forward by integrating the ametek lloyd ld 50 material testing machine into their testing regimen





 exploring erichsen hydraulic force gauges and their impact on the aviation industry

erichsen hydraulic force gauges are meticulously engineered to provide accurate force measurements across various demanding applications. 





 introducing the lloyd lsplus series

june 2024 – lloyd instruments is proud to unveil its latest innovation in material testing equipment, the lsplus series. building upon the esteemed legacy of the ls series, the lsplus series represents a significant leap forward in performance, reliability, and user experience.






















 products



                                     force gauges

                            



                                     material testers

                            



                                     application specific testers

                            






 learning zone



                                     test types

                            



                                     videos

                            



                                     standards

                            






 support



                                     documentation and manuals

                            



                                     application support

                            



                                     service and calibration

                            






 about us



                                     about ametek stc

                            



                                     welcome to ametek's sustainability hub!

                            



                                      career - shape your future with ametek stc

                            






 contact us



                                     request a quote

                            



                                     ametek sales offices

                            



                                     international distributors

                            



                                     service center location

                            






 webshop






social network


        linkedin
           
        


        facebook
           
        


        youtube
           
        

social network













do not sell or share my personal information
privacy policy
cookie policy
terms of use
materials
products
learning zone
support
site map
contact webmaster
unsubscribe


©2023 ametek.inc. all rights reserved.



























 maccms





×
















