








	iron workers local 46 metallic lathers



























 (212) 737-0500






























home

about

about
members only
pay dues online
territorial juridiction
events
officers
history
benefits office
government info.
news archive
wage rates



training

apprenticeship
organizing


contractors

benefits

benefits office
wage rates



contact

links






















metallic lathers and reinforcing ironworkers local 46

the officers and members of local 46 and lathers take pride in providing our
                                            employers with a highly skilled, well trained and drug free workforce.
                                        





read more
our contractors











apprenticeship and journeyman training

skilled ironworkers are developed – not born. the skill of the all around
                                            journeyman ironworker is not acquired by a few months on the job, or merely
                                            by being in a place where the different job operations are being performed.
                                        





read more
apprenticeship











contractors

need a contractor? search out local directory for the right individual for
                                            the job! we have the person you are looking for!





read more
contact us





















training center
visit the section for more information on apprenticeship, journeyman training and d.o.b. class schedules
 read
                                        more









benefits office
if you are a member of iw local union no.46 and metallic lathers have any questions
                                    regarding your benefits click on the button below to learn more.
 read
                                        more









contractors
need a contractor? search out local directory for the right individual for the job!
                                    we have the person you are looking for!
 read
                                        more



















metallic lathers 
                                                and reinforcing ironworkers local 46

i.m.p.a.c.t - reinforcing our future







reinforced rebar
ensures durability and is fundamental to virtually all buildings of any
scale or complexity. reinforcing ironworkers local union 46
specializes in assembling and installing steel bars, known as rebar,
inside concrete forms to reinforce the construction of highways,
buildings, bridges, tunnels, and other structures susceptible to damage
and collapse in the event of a natural disaster.
local 46 also ensures the precision of suspended ceilings in all buildings, commercial or residential. our lathers take pride in the installation of black iron, uni-strut, metal lath, hanger and inserts for all ceilings and any and all other types of work involving the use of metal framing and all furring of any and all types, for attaching and /or applying a plastic or precast material, or a base thereof. 

local 46’s highly trained, high-quality
reinforcing ironworkers and lathers serve clients throughout new york, manhattan, brooklyn, queens, bronx, long island, westchester, and southern part of rockland county.  our objective is to help
our clients and our members prosper by providing the most productive,
cost-effective, quality-minded workforce adept at properly strengthening
concrete structures, preventing structural hazards, installing the best suspending ceilings, and providing the safest work site possible.

scope of services
local 46 provides trained professional
reinforcing ironworkers and lathers to commercial, industrial, and residential
building contractors. local union 46 also
operates an apprenticeship program to ensure the ongoing availability of
trained, qualified workers.




looking for upcoming d.o.b. classes?


click here











            top news
        

dod halts plas on construction projects
local 46 125th anniversary video
new labor law to protect public work
$8.3b port authority budget boost to ny area
south bronx highway rehab
wage theft bill
safe and sound: steel reinforced concrete 
march union meeting

i.m.p.a.c.t. news





                    young people don’t need college to live well





                    new bluebeam research reveals growing ai use in construction, but regulatory & talent challenges persist





                    california doles out $3.8b for transportation improvements





                      billions in infrastructure in poor condition in canada





                    ironworkers local 549 plans $3.5m expansion in wheeling







news archive


click for news archive












 











have a
                                                        question?
send us an email and we will get back to you.
















full name *

                                 
                            

e-mail address *

                                 
                                 
                            



message *


                                 
                            




security word *






                                     
                                    refresh image?



















contact address

 union office
 1322 3rd avenue new york, ny 10021

                                                (212) 737-0500
 monday - friday 7 a.m. - 3:30 p.m.






















i.m.p.a.c.t.







helmet to hardhats.







ironworkers.







register to vote!
















the officers and members of local 46 lathers take pride in providing our employers with a
                                highly skilled, well trained and drug free workforce. our members have the opportunity
                                to advance their skills and knowledge by attending comprehensive journeyman upgrade
                                training.



union office



 1322 3rd avenue new york, ny 10021
 phone: (212)
                                        737-0500


local 46 trust fund office



 61-02 32nd avenue, woodside, ny 11377
 phone: 212-535-2323


local 46 learning center



 61-02 32nd avenue, woodside, ny 11377
 phone: (718)
                                        267-7500




sitemap


home
about
training
contractors
benefits
contact us





















© copyright | terms & conditions |
					privacy policy |
					return policy developed by unionlaborworks
                                2025. all rights reserved



























