


minnesota wood carvers association















homeeducationeventsaboutlocationscontact usshow timelinksmemorial to donorspatternsideas









minnesota wood carvers associationsince 1965welcome towood carvers of mn


















about us
read more


upcoming events
read more


learn carving
read more


meetings locations
read more








denny lutgen

joining a wood carving club can help you improve your carving skills. wood carving is a relaxing and peaceful process that can have a great impact on your body, mind, and spirit. it demands thoroughness, focus, patience, and vision.it is easy to join, just fill out the membership form and mail it along with your check or bring it to the next wedsday meeting.membership form-2025minnesota wood carvers meeting is second sunday of the month 2pm to 4pm mary ann young senior center blaine,mn

mary kimball







karen hendersonken munger

here are some other reasons to join a wood carving club:learn from others: you can learn from watching and talking to other wood carvers.introduce you to new tools and skills:wood carving work allows you to introduce new tools and skills as you feel confident.make money:wood carving can be a very profitable career. you could start your own business, selling custom-made pieces, or become an instructor and teach others how to carve.wood carving has a fairly steep learning curve.some of the things you need to learn include:holding the tools correctlylearn to sharpen your tools properlycutting at the correct anglejudging how much wood to remove with each cutchoosing the best tool for each cutwood carving is not an expensive hobby. you can start for free with tools you already have. you can buy all the high-quality beginner tools you'll need for less than the cost of a single video game.

chip sperry






you have no idea of the enjoyment of wood carving plus the camaraderie of all the membersand the help they share .  join us today and find out for yourself the joy it can bring you.membership form-2025







new carver doug erickson showing some of his recent projects


recent projects for doug erickson


attendance at a recent meetingof metro carvers mn .











       wood carvers of mn            come join this friendly group of wood carvers     up coming wood carving events    learn how to wood carve with us    open meeting locations and times  all about wood carvers of minnesota    it's wood carvers show timetry one of our free wood carving patternstry some of our ideas for your next carving project





follow us
join us on facebook  for the latestnews about meetings and events.
minnesota wood carvers association since 1965  join the fun todaymembership formmwca â© 2024 | privacy policygoogles privacy policy copyright â© 2024 by duger . all rights reserved.last updated on 


contact us
have a question about wood carving, be sure to attend a meeting and your questions will be answered to the best of our ability.elmo  control head info






