






cheapest san diego moving companies | movers for less in california












































skip to content



 

home
about us
contact us
 






ises san diego
reach with usknow more 










 



everything you need to know about relocating to malibu 

for many, nothing beats the warm sun and fresh sea breeze greeting you early in the morning as you stand on the porch with coffee in hand. when in malibu, you are sure to experience such a relaxing feeling and more. with so many things to do and an abundance of stunning scenery to enjoy, you’ll want to call the ‘bu your home as soon as possible. here are the things to get enthusiastic about when relocating to malibu.
1. sunny weather
if you love having fun in the sun, malibu might be what you’re looking for. with 281 sunny days per year, almost less than half the country’s average rainfall, and no snow, you can have all the time you want basking in the sun. although sunny, the weather never gets too hot, so don’t worry about getting overheated. pair the fantastic weather with the beautiful beaches, and all your stress is gone.
2. beaches
you can’t mention malibu without thinking of its beaches. you can choose from over ten evenly superb seafront beaches to enjoy swimming. if you’re into surfing, then your relocation will prove even more meaningful as their beaches are known to have waves perfect for surfing. but in case you haven’t surfed and want to try it out, coaches are readily available. on the other hand, if you don’t want to go out in the water, you can also enjoy sunbathing or cycling along the coastal highways.
3. living costs is a ‘little’ over the top
yes, living in malibu is a blast! but without good income, the expenses will easily empty your pockets. according to payscale, the median home value in malibu is around $2.5 million, while rents average $7,895 a month. you should also allocate more budget for transportation in malibu as it is 31% higher than the national average. for the groceries and utilities, prices in malibu are below the california average, although still slightly higher than the national costs.
4. salary in malibu is high
living in malibu sure is expensive. but fret not. if you can secure a job in the area, the wage is sure to sustain your family. in line with this, the median household income in malibu is $150,747, which is double the national average salary. finding a job in malibu is no problem if you’re in line with science, technology, information services, healthcare, and management. arts and recreation are also big industries in the ‘bu.
5. tasteful foods
one of the hardest things to leave behind when moving away is your favorite food place. but if you’re going to malibu, excellent restaurants serving equally delicious dishes are just right around the corner. explore new flavors and delight your palate with their wide variety of foods. in addition, their coffee shops and pubs also offer great drinks to soothe your soul.
6. the best neighborhoods
on the front, malibu may look like an exclusive place for the rich and celebrities, which may make you think twice. however, the opposite is true. malibu is home to a diverse community composed of people living different lifestyles. that said, there will always be a neighborhood where you can belong.
7. real estate
the real estate market in malibu is intense. however, with everything from single-family homes and condos to townhouses, all with varying architectural styles – you can find your dream home near the shore or in the mountainside. as mentioned above, the median prices of malibu homes are expensive and may be out of reach, depending on location. but the costs don’t come without reason. malibu homes go for millions because of their beautiful beachfront views, stunning architecture, and safe neighborhoods.
8. malibu is home to adventure
malibu has you covered whether you like hiking up in the tall mountains or diving down in the deep sea. out in the ocean, you can catch a glimpse of the magnificent gray whales as they migrate from december to may. but if you’re tired of the sea, you can also choose to go on an escapade in the mountains where new experiences await.
9. arts and culture
malibu is not only about beach life, food, or entertainment. you can also take a step back and enjoy its unique arts and cultural spots. with all that’s happening around the ‘bu, artists are continually inspired to create wonderful works. although the art community is not so big, you can’t deny their success. if you’re feeling stressed, malibu can offer some time off of your busy life to look at the beauty of arts and culture.
planning your malibu move
with all the things mentioned, malibu is a fantastic place to call home. when you’re finally relocating, consider hiring a mover like this malibu moving company to help you get the job done without so much a speck of stress. imperial moving & storage offers these helpful tips when planning your move to malibu:

start early: don’t wait until the last minute to iron out the logistics of your move. the earlier you start, the better prepared you’ll be and the more likely you’ll be able to hire movers who can work according to your schedule. this is especially important if you’re planning a move during the height of the summer moving season when moving companies are booked solid.
be flexible: know that it will almost always take longer than expected to coordinate your move so plan accordingly and do not adhere strictly to any deadlines or time constraints. being flexible can reduce the stress that comes along with moving.
house hunting: the real estate market in malibu has been on a steady incline over the past few years making it difficult to find affordable housing options. explore your options and be ready to sign the contract on any desirable home or rental that hits the market in your preferred neighborhood.
pare down before you pack: thoughtfully consider what to keep and what you can do without when packing for your move. moving less equates to a less expensive move.
label your moving boxes: make it easy to unpack by clearly marking boxes with masking tape and a marker.
make sure your moving company is legitimate: information about licensed, insured, and reputable companies can be found on the bureau of household goods and services website.
keep records: when moving day arrives, make sure you take pictures of your home as it looks pre-move and retain all receipts and documentation related to your move

with these tips in mind, you can enjoy a relatively seamless transition to malibu and start enjoying life in this sun-kissed coastal town.



posted on 2021-11-192021-11-05 by isessandiego continue reading





 



how to move across the country from ny to ca 

anyone gearing up for a move from the east coast to the west coast is in for quite the journey. if you’re moving away from new york and headed to the other side of the country, it’s essential to start preparing as soon as possible. consider the following tips to make your move more efficient:
1. lighten your load.
the first step in getting ready for your big move is to lighten your load. while most people plan to bring all or most of their belongings to their new house, this isn’t as feasible when going across the country. though you can try to make plans to take every box, piece of furniture, and equipment with you, the reality is that downsizing your belongings will give you the most freedom when moving to california.
before you start packing, identify what items you no longer need. sort the belongings that aren’t going with you into a pile for trash, donations, and those you want to sell.
2. make travel arrangements early.
preparing for your move several months in advance gives you the perfect opportunity to make all of your travel arrangements early on. now is the time to make reservations for a moving truck, hotels, flights, and anything else you’ll need in the journey to get to your new home. as you get closer to your moving day, be sure to double-check each of your reservations to make sure you’re ready for the big day.
3. get multiple quotes from moving companies.
if you’re not willing to make the cross-country drive yourself, hire a moving company. before you commit to one moving company, do your research and ask for quotes from four or more moving companies. this way, you find the right movers to meet your needs.
as you research moving companies, be sure to interview each candidate. too often, scammers will take advantage of those in need of a mover. avoid this by making sure the moving company you choose is insured and licensed. 
4. purchase moving insurance.
though most moving companies offer basic insurance for their customers, these policies cover the bare minimum. to make sure your move from new york to california is adequately protected, consider purchasing moving insurance. these types of insurance offer comprehensive coverage for all your belongings every mile of the way. 
5. pack a bag for essentials.
don’t forget to pack a go-bag with all your essentials. as the moving day quickly approaches, it’s too easy to forget small things like packing a bag of clothes or hygiene products for the journey ahead. keep a small bag handy with all your essentials like soap, deodorant, clean clothing, hand sanitizer, and the like. likewise, keep sensitive documents on your person during this trip.
making a move to california from new york requires a substantial amount of preparation. be sure to follow these tips to make sure your upcoming move goes as smoothly as possible. 



posted on 2019-11-132019-11-11 by isessandiego continue reading





8 tips for reducing the stress of your upcoming relocation 

moving is something most people do at one time or the other, and it is also something that can be stressful and challenging. if you have a relocation coming up, definitely plan ahead by heading off stress before it starts. here are eight tips from cheap movers santa clarita that can help you do just that.
1. make lists.
a key way to reduce stress is by creating lists and staying organized. make a master “to do” list for your move, and write down all the tasks you need to do. this list might get long, but that is perfectly fine and to be expected. there are tons of tasks involved in a move, and you want to get them all down on paper.
2. gather supplies ahead of time.
rather than waiting until the last minute to gather your moving supplies, start collecting them weeks before your move. you will need many items, including moving boxes, bubble wrap, moving tape, and scissors.
3. take care of yourself.
in the midst of all the chaos of relocating, remember to pay attention to your well-being. that means you should get enough sleep, drink plenty of water, exercise and remember to laugh.
4. downsize and simplify.
moving can be a great time to get rid of stuff you don’t need or use. and your stress level increases as the number of items you need to move increases. so pare down, and you will find that you will have fewer boxes to pack, move and unpack.
5. stay on a budget.
one of the most stressful aspects of moving is the expense. and the longer the distance you are moving, the more expensive it can be. make up a budget for your move by listing all of the moving-related expenses, and stick to that budget.
6. do a little each day.
there is so much to do when you are moving, and it is best to pace yourself by doing small tasks each day. for example, pack a box each day, and start doing that several weeks before your moving day.
7. maintain a positive attitude.
this might sound simple, but it is actually very powerful. when you look at the bright side, everything goes better. reframe what you perceive as stressful by viewing it in a positive light.
8. delegate some tasks.
you might think you have too much to do, but maybe you don’t have to do so much. try asking family members or friends if they would be willing to help you with certain tasks, such as decluttering a room or packing a few boxes. return the favor by inviting them over for a meal or snack after you move to your new place.
try to implement as many of these tips as you can, and do so right away after you find out you are moving. get into relaxation mode sooner rather than later. enjoy your relocation and all the new opportunities it brings into your life!



posted on 2018-07-092018-06-25 by isessandiego continue reading





 



how to move out of your parents’ house – use these tips 

whether just graduating from college or taking a job in another city, moving out of your parents’ house is the first step to full-fledged adulthood. this transition can be daunting, […]



posted on 2018-06-202018-06-13 by isessandiego continue reading





 



the top reasons a storage unit might be your best solution 

here’s a fun fact that might blow your mind: there are more storage lockers in the united states than mcdonald’s restaurants. that’s not even including the individual lockers either; that number includes storage facilities, of which there are more than 48,000 to mcdonalds’ 14,350.
that’s a lot of stuff.
and while renting a storage locker may be a simple-but-costly way to hoard those 3,000 beanie babies you don’t know what to do with, there are also some legitimate reasons to have a locker too.
1. protect something priceless
if you are fortunate enough to own a classic car that you don’t want to simply leave out on the driveway, renting a storage unit is a great way to keep it safe from the elements as well as from potential thieves. moreover, many people use storage lockers to protect their family heirlooms or priceless valuables, since it’s nearly impossible for a robber to break in (unless they already know what’s there). though it may be annoying to have to retrieve your car from the storage locker every time you want to take it for a spin, it’s a lot more convenient than trying to track it down from a car thief who decided to boost it for a permanent joy ride.
2. as a warehouse for your business
the cost of buying or renting a warehouse for your business can be astronomical, especially if you only need a small space to store some mowers for your lawn care business, for example. if that’s the case, then renting a storage locker instead of the back of an industrial space makes a lot of space, and ensures your belongings are well taken care of. just be sure to get a locker that leads to the outside, or else you’ll be forced to move your products down a long interior hallway.
3. if you’re moving
making a cross-country (or cross-town) move can be stressful, especially if you don’t know what to do with all of your belongings while you’re looking for a new home or in transit. if there’s a storage locker nearby that has openings for a big 20’x20′ space, it could be a perfect place to store almost your entire house while you take care of getting your life in order. it’s not even that expensive either. for less than $100 a month, you could buy yourself a much more stress-free move. if you use this website, you can also find movers to help you move everything into your storage unit for a nominal rate.
4. for an extra closet
although you never want to end up as a certified hoarder, renting a small locker to house some of your excess stuff that won’t fit in the attic is not a terrible idea. the smaller ones will run you less than $20 a month and can make your house look much less full. if you can’t donate it, sell it, or throw it out, consider getting a small storage locker and loading it with as much stuff as you can. to ensure it stays safe, rent a climate-controlled locker as well.



posted on 2018-06-13 by isessandiego continue reading





 



strategies for getting your kids to help with purging and packing when moving 

moving can be a hectic time for the entire family, particularly parents who are responsible for not only the logistics and financial responsibility of the move, but also purging and […]



posted on 2018-06-092018-06-25 by isessandiego continue reading

 







 recent posts 

everything you need to know about relocating to malibu


how to move across the country from ny to ca


8 tips for reducing the stress of your upcoming relocation


 

footer linkshome
about us
contact us
 

more infohasslefreemoving@isessandiego.org 






			© 2025. ises san diego. all rights reserved | privacy policy













