



room for one more – pet rescue inc.











































skip to content 


menu

available pets
how to adopt!
adoption application
 











menu 
about
adopt

how to adopt!
adoption application
available pets


help us

donations needed
humane society partnership


scrapbook

scrapbook one
scrapbook two


happy tails

gallery
letters! we get letters!


resources

tears for the babies
links we like
our newsletters


contact
 











room for one more pet rescue inc. 

room for one more!!
i see by his coat he must be a stray,
the untidy look gives him away.
he’s lost his will and is so thin
hasn’t eaten, since god knows when.
i know as i coax him through the door,
there’s always room for just one more.
the other night in the freezing rain,
that little female came again.
matted and soaked, crying in need,
lost and alone with babies to feed.
her pleading eyes i couldn’t ignore,
there’s always room for just one more.
there’s a new face on the docks today,
hungry but clean to our dismay.
i stroked her head, her body ripples.
when she got up i saw she was crippled.
she started to go, but fell on the floor.
there’s always room for just one more.
there’s the poor doggy standing in the rain,
i’ve tried to entice him time and again.
one ear’s lopsided, the other’s been torn,
blind in one eye, lost and forlorn.
he’s coming now, so i’ll open the door.
there’s always room for just one more.
these stories are true,
as i’ve said before,
there’s always room for just one more!
author unknown

visit: humane society of citrus county fl inc

there are simple reasons for spay and neuter and many myths and misunderstandings against the procedures to be dispelled:

spaying and neutering cats and dogs reduces the millions of unwanted animals that face euthanization
spaying and neutering cats and dogs provides health benefits, reducing or eliminating the risk of cancers and life-threatening uterine infections
spaying and neutering saves pet owners’ money by reducing damage caused by amorous escaping dogs, veterinary bills treating unaltered pets’ ailments and the cost of license fees
altered animals only get fat if overfed and under-exercised
altered animals behavior changes are usually for the better
children will survive without seeing the miracle of live birth
there are usually not enough friends or relatives to take on a litter of puppies or kittens
hobby breeders barely break even after veterinary and whelping costs
a male dog can smell a female in heat from three miles away and will make every attempt to reach her
a female dog in heat will make every attempt to find a mate, any mate
male and female cats are similarly indiscriminate

if a veterinarian’s fees are too high spayneuter.com and spayflorida.org provides help finding the closest low cost facilities in florida. many counties provide economical options, such as marion county animal services division and its neuter commuter mobile spay and neuter clinic and citrus county has the humanitarians of florida inc., in crystal river. hernando county has pet luv in brooksville. spread the word, share the knowledge and save a pet. millions of them.

our legal status:
doc #n04000009645 issued october 11, 2004, on file in tallahassee. registered with florida department of agriculture & consumer affairs. copy of the official registration and financial information may be obtained from the division of consumer services by calling toll-free 800-435-7352 within the state. registration does not imply endorsement, approval or recommendation by the state. all dues and contributions are tax exempt to the full extent allowed by law. our registration number issued by florida department of agriculture & consumer services is ch18409. 100% of all contributions are retained by room for one more pet rescue, inc. no percentage is retained by any professional solicitor.







 connect with us



visit us at

paws-itively pets
751 s smith avenue
inverness  fl  34451

352-341-2222

open by appointment only to approved applicants

 donate

room for one more and the humane society of citrus county are a 501(c)(3) non-profit shelter for homeless, abused, abandoned animals whose time has run out at citrus county animal shelter.








 
 
 







©2025 room for one more, pet rescue inc. all rights reserved. powered by top results consulting 




 










