







central maine real estate - coldwell banker plourde real estate































 1-207-872-7650
1-888-271-9829accountlog insign up


top menuour listingssingle familycondoslandcommercialopen housespropertiesadvanced searchpopular search categoriescommercial listingssold listingsbuyersour servicesbuyers market vs sellers marketmaine real estate relationshipsmortgage calculatorhome buying tipssellersour serviceswhat maine sellers want from a realtorhome selling tipssearch sold listings in mainehome valuationresourcesarea infomoving checklistterms to knowreal estate faqour blogcommunitiesalbionbelgradebelgrade lakesbentonchinaclintonfairfieldmadisonnorridgewockoaklandsidneyskowheganunityvassalborowatervillewinslowcontactcontactabout usmeet our agentscareersmenuclose buttonlog insign upmy accountour listingssingle familycondoslandcommercialopen housespropertiesadvanced searchpopular search categoriescommercial listingssold listingsbuyersour servicesbuyers market vs sellers marketmaine real estate relationshipsmortgage calculatorhome buying tipssellersour serviceswhat maine sellers want from a realtorhome selling tipssearch sold listings in mainehome valuationresourcesarea infomoving checklistterms to knowreal estate faqour blogcommunitiesalbionbelgradebelgrade lakesbentonchinaclintonfairfieldmadisonnorridgewockoaklandsidneyskowheganunityvassalborowatervillewinslowcontactcontactabout usmeet our agentscareerssaved searchesfavorites


		your browser does not support the video tag.
	
ask a questionfull nameemailphonequestions or comments?do not fill in this field:opt ini agree to receive marketing and customer service calls and text messages from coldwell banker plourde real estate. to opt out, you can reply 'stop' at any time or click the unsubscribe link in the emails. consent is not a condition of purchase. msg/data rates may apply. msg frequency varies. privacy policy.sendthis site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.pause welcome to central maine


 

view all
contact us





communities for every lifestyle
explore central maine




waterville area





belgrade lakes region





single family homes





waterfront





land





condominiums










community is our philosophycoldwell banker plourde real estate is passionate about giving back to our central maine communities. our associates are active in the communities in which we live and play, and we are committed to helping them through local service organizations and charities. being involved in the community allows us to provide the very best service in the area for anyone looking to buy or sell real estate in central maine.
meet the team sell my home







market trends
curious about the current real estate market trends in kennebec county? we are happy to share our
			local market knowledge with you and answer any questions about central maine real estate.





sold price
$
255
k
average sold price





days on market
18
average days on market





increase

14%
average price increase





selling tips
contact us





agent testimonials
joe saltalamachia, associate brokerjoe was a pleasure to work with. although it was too late to use him as seller agent as we were under contract already. that didn’t bother him he was doing his best to find us our dream home. showed multiple houses [...]cody r.
nate natole, associate brokeri just wanted to write a review about your agent nate natole. we just sold some land in maine, but we live in massachusetts. this deal could not have gone any smoother. nate did all the leg work up there and was in [...]maureen h.
chris marcoux, associate brokerworking with chris was a great experience. during the home buying process chris was knowledgeable and educated us about homes we viewed, important information about surrounding areas, and types of offer we were able to [...]james g.
dana michaud, associate brokerdana is the best realtor i've had the pleasure to work with!! from beginning to end he handled the listing and sale with professionalism, knowledge and care. he was responsive to any questions i had and facilitated [...]leslie l
jamie plourde, brokerwe had the pleasure of working with jamie and she was an all-star! she helped us navigate a tricky market and brought a wealth of knowledge and expertise to the process. we were so grateful for her insights and support [...]rylan h.
jodie mosher towle is a fantastic realtor, enough to call her my own personal. when helping us to sell our house, nothing got past her. she was very involved from answering and asking questions to beautiful photos. very [...]elizabeth & don p.
judy williams, associate brokerwe had a terrific experience working with judy williams. she was persistently very well organized, easily accessible, and gently remindful of upcoming deadlines and events. we did the whole sale remotely from another [...]dick p.
joe saltalamachia, associate brokerhe was very professional, knowledgeable and quick to respond to all emails, texts and phone calls. he made our home buying process painless and i would highly recommend him and this real estate company to anyone looking [...]amy h.
steve roy, associate brokersteve roy was tremendously helpful throughout the process of listing and selling our home. when the inspection uncovered some major work that needed to be done he provided excellent suggestions for contractors who could [...]lee l.
pam natole, associate brokermy husband and i highly recommend pam natole. pam was incredibly invested and personable from the very beginning. we always felt like she worked with integrity as well as honesty and guided us well in purchasing our new [...]lordina d.
lisa mckenzie, associate brokerlisa is an outstanding realtor. she is professional and responsive to our needs. i highly recommend her. duane e.
paul flynn, associate brokermr. paul flynn was exceptional to work with. his integrity and overall knowledge made the buying process stress free and easy.marc d.
justine duvall, associate brokerjustine went way over and above her sales duties. she was the best. she is going to be a star!robert m.
dennis brides, associate brokerhe was friendly, helpful, and efficient. he was knowledgeable about the worth of the houses we looked at and negotiated an appropriate price. he was able to help with any questions and problems we had; and was a always [...]sonja a.
rachel anderson, brokerrachel anderson was very professional and responsive. she managed to sell my home for more than we expected, and i'm very grateful!melissa s.
view all testimonials


recommended searches footerpopular searchesby townby typeland20+single-family homes50+condominiums<10multi-family homes<10commercial properties10+winslow30+fairfield30+waterville60+oakland30+china20+sidney20+belgrade30+rome10+vassalboro10+clinton10+benton<10albion<10norridgewock10+skowhegan40+unity10+madison30+lakefront homes110+waterfront homes230+land830+single family homes1420+commercial listings290+condominiums200+all listings3130+lakefront land40+waterfront land170+cottages<10multi-family homes180+estates & multi generation homes80+new construction homes200+new listings160+in law homes50+pondfront homes110+homes with land (10+ acres)1420+farmhouses<10log homes40+foreclosure listings<10view all

1-207-872-7650
1-888-271-9829

info@cbplourde.comlog insign upcontact us

coldwell banker plourde real estate
143 silver street
waterville, me 04901

	get directions

search homessearchwatervillebelgradecareersour agentsabout usbuyer infoseller infoconnect with usfacebooklinkedininstagram
listing data is derived in whole or in part from the maine idx & is for consumers' personal, non commercial use only. dimensions are approximate and not guaranteed. all data should be independently verified. ©2025 maine real estate information system, inc. all rights reserved.    privacy policy

coldwell banker plourde real estate participates in ©2025 maine listings internet data exchange program, allowing us to display other maine idx participants' listings. this website does not display complete listings. certain listings of other real estate brokerage firms have been excluded. mortgage figures are estimates. check with your bank or proposed mortgage company for actual interest rates. this product uses the fred® api but is not endorsed or certified by the federal reserve bank of st. louis.



terms & conditions
privacy policy

