






















thunderbird school of global management
































































emerge as a global leader now enrolling for both online and immersion degree programs


learn more















 
no. 1 in the world for international trade

 
thunderbird school of global management at arizona state university is ranked no. 1 in the world for international trade by the qs international trade rankings (2023-2025), ranking ahead of ahead of oxford, columbia and michigan (ross). stand out from the crowd with thunderbird on your resume.


learn more






 applying for a degree
 funding my degree
 rankings and accreditations
 schedule a tour
 getting started
 executive education



















degree programs


practical, real-world learning experiences to develop principled, agile executives, managers, and entrepreneurs.
undergraduate (bachelors) degrees
graduate (master’s) degrees
accelerated master’s programs
executive master’s degrees
professional doctorates



    learn more
       




executive education


thunderbird empowers global professionals to shape the changing landscapes impacting their enterprises by expanding and updating their future-ready skills and connecting them to a diverse network of global experts.
certificates for individuals
custom programs for organizations



    learn more
       
























alumni and giving


support from alumni makes thunderbird possible. the school leverages the resources and talent of our alumni to guide, advocate and support the achievement of our collective mission.




learn more














 
lifelong learning

 
through our partnership with arizona state university, we offer unique lifelong learning opportunities and resources that you will find only here. thunderbird’s deep expertise in educating global leaders, combined with asu’s extensive subject matter expertise, creates a synergy that enables us to teach the skills and mindset professionals need to succeed in the fourth industrial revolution.


learn more






 najafi 100 million learners global initiative
 cross-cultural communication
 entrepreneurship
 k-12 programs
 upskilling and reskilling









our regional network

worldwide locations


the world's only truly global and multinational leadership and management school.
north america
europe
middle east and north africa
sub-saharan africa
east asia
south and southeast asia



















thunderbird news


view all news  















02/12/25

thunderbird at asu ranked no. 1 in qs international trade rankings for third consecutive year

asu news


  for the third consecutive year, thunderbird school of global management at arizona state university has been recognized as the world leader in...






academic programs
global impact and engagement











02/05/25

trade tariff negotiations take many twists and turns

asu news


  making good on a long-held campaign promise, president donald trump has instituted tariffs on trade with china and threatened the same with canada and...






faculty news











01/29/25

technology investment and job creation in the intelligent age

asu news


  professor euvin naidoo reflects on wef conference, and how thunderbird is shaping the conversation on the growing technology investment and job...























































thunderbird school of global management

401 north 1st street    phoenix, az 85004

phone: 602-496-7000






                  why thunderbird
                  




about
become a t-bird
100 million learners
the pub
newsroom
venue reservations
rankings and accreditation
thunderbird archives








                  worldwide locations
                  




global headquarters
the americas
europe
middle east and north africa
sub-saharan africa
asia
indigenous land acknowledgement








                  resources
                  




school directory
campus ambassadors
visit
virtual tour
alumni portal
student intranet
employee intranet















maps and locations
jobs
directory
contact asu
my asu












copyright and trademark
accessibility
privacy
terms of use
emergency



































