







countryside artisans
















































0








        skip to content
      
























        home
      



        artists
      



        artisan tours
      



        blog
      




























open menu
close menu




























        home
      



        artists
      



        artisan tours
      



        blog
      




























open menu
close menu
























                  home
                





                  artists
                





                  artisan tours
                





                  blog
                




























































































































































































slide 1
slide 1 (current slide)


slide 2
slide 2 (current slide)


slide 3
slide 3 (current slide)


slide 4
slide 4 (current slide)


slide 5
slide 5 (current slide)


slide 6
slide 6 (current slide)


slide 7
slide 7 (current slide)


slide 8
slide 8 (current slide)


slide 9
slide 9 (current slide)


slide 10
slide 10 (current slide)


slide 11
slide 11 (current slide)


slide 12
slide 12 (current slide)


slide 13
slide 13 (current slide)


slide 14
slide 14 (current slide)





















































































































































































 

2025 spring gallery | studio tour ~ fri - sun, april 25-27 2025 tour dates: april 25-27, october 3-5, december 5-7download studio map/brochure here*.   find studio google map here.



“today, there are 14 members of the countryside artisans, including a craft wine producer, an artisan brewer, a blown-glass maker, potters, mixed-media and fiber artists, a stone sculptor, a photographer, and a tea farmer.”   - amy halpern, “escape artists,” bethesda magazine (mar-apr 2021)

 












the countryside artisans represent a select group of accomplished visual, sculptural, and textile artists living and working in both historic and rural areas of montgomery, howard, and frederick counties of maryland. here you will find artists offering an array of artwork, mediums and gifts for every occasion. each studio is located within a 30 mile radius of sugarloaf mountain, a highlight of montgomery county’s agricultural reserve,  and offers an alternative to in-store shopping  year round. each april, october, and december, the countryside artisans jointly open their galleries and studios for special art tours.



all of the artists are busy working throughout the year and look forward to your visit (by appointment) anytime of the year. visit the artists link to see examples of artwork and to find contact information for individual artists and studios so you can schedule your appointment today.  some studios are even open for drop in visits during their normal business hours, so please inquire. if you are interested in the artwork you see online, or want more information about an individual artist, simply click on the artist's page under the artists link to find their contact information or to be taken to their individual website for a more comprehensive view of their work. the countryside artisans look forward to working with you year round and as always, we hope to see you on our next tour!

















countryside artisansindividual studios are open during (1) artisan tours, (2) by appointment, and/or (3) have regularly scheduled hours.  use the artists’ page for detailed information on each studio.



our workartistsartisan toursblog



follow usfacebookinstagramemail











