









tccc home































skip to content
jump to main navigation and login

nav view search
navigation

home联系我们 contacts簡介 about us


search


search... 




 




you are here: home



我们的教会 our church

教会信仰 statement of faith聚会时间 program schedules事项预告 upcoming events團契 fellowship部门 departments资料 resources通讯录 directorytccc home2022 tccc master calendar


会员登录 members login



user name



password



remember me






 



			forgot your password?



			forgot your username?












			2025-02-16-bulletin

2025-02-16 chinese bulletin (pdf version) 
2025-02-16 english bulletin (pdf version) 







			2024 tccc master calendar







			sermon live stream

we will have in person and limited live stream:
歡迎大家參加實體聚會或線上聚會 please join us in person and online：
live online service link:
 https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucl9lghlzxei3b655ujsdm-g/live 








			online offering to church

there will be 2.2% service charge and a small fee for each transaction.
     





			教会信仰 statement of faith


 我信聖父、聖子、聖靈、三位一體、獨一永生之真神。 
 我信聖父為創造宇宙萬物的主宰。是全能、公義、聖潔、慈愛的神。 
 我信聖子耶穌基督為救主，道成肉身，由聖靈感孕為童女馬利亞所生。為世人罪被釘死在十字架上，死后三日復活，升天，將來必要再來。叫凡信祂的，因信稱義得永生。 
 我信聖靈為基督徒之保惠師，住在信徒心中。聖靈使人知罪、悔改、重生、成聖，引導信徒進入真理。祂是信徒生活、工作、能力的源頭。 
 我信聖經都是神所默示的，于教訓、督責、使人歸正，教導人學義，都是有益的。叫屬神的人得以完全，預備行各樣的善事。 
 我信世人都犯了罪，虧缺了神的榮耀，唯靠主耶穌寶血救贖，靈魂才能得救。 
 我信教會是永生神的家，真理的柱石和根基。基督是教會的頭，信徒是基督的肢體，是屬神的子民。在主領導之下，彼此配搭事奉主。傳揚福音，引人歸主，作基督復活的見證。 
 
 i believe in the father, the son and the holy spirit, the holy trinity, the one and only true and eternal god. 
 i believe in the father, the creator and lord of the universe and all things, the almighty, righteous, holy and loving god. 
 i believe in the son, jesus christ as my savior and lord. he was the word made flesh, conceived by the holy spirit, born of the virgin mary, crucified unto death for the sins of the world, risen from the dead on the third day, ascended in heaven, surely to return some day that whosoever believe in him will be justified and receive eternal life. 
 i believe in the holy spirit, the comforter for christians, dwelling in the heart of each believer. the holy spirit convicts people of their sins, leading them to repentance, to be born again and to sanctification, guiding believers into all truths. he is the source of power and strength in the lives and works of all believers. 
 i believe the bible is the inspired word of god, profitable for teaching, for reproof, for correction, and for training in righteousness, that the man of god may be complete, equipped for every good work. 
 i believe that all have sinned and come short of the glory of god. i believe in the salvation of our souls by redemption through the precious blood of our lord jesus christ. 
 i believe the church is the house of living god, the pillar and foundation of the truth. i believe christ is the head of the church, the believers to be the body of christ, a people belonging to god, working with each other in service for the lord, spreading the gospel, leading people to christ and to be living witnesses for christ. 









			簡介 about us

本教會位於滔沙東區一百三十一街與十四街交叉附近。教會的前身是基於一九七七年秋所成立的滔沙中文查經班，於一九八二年正式立案、成立了滔沙華人基督教會；一九八二年感恩節教會購買了臨時會所；一九八四年教會購置現有的土地，并於一九八六年興建新堂，一九九零年擴建新堂；因著神的恩典於一九九九年三月十四日把新蓋的聖堂獻給我們的主。
本教會為不分宗派、傳福音的教會，由牧師和執事們同心負責教會聖工。歡迎您和家人、朋友同來崇拜，并參加教會組織的各樣活動。
our church is located in east tulsa at 131st e. avenue and 14th street. the preceding body was the tulsa chinese bible study group found in the fall of 1977. the church became a self-governing body in 1982 and registered as the tulsa chinese christian church. on the thanksgiving day of 1982, a residential house was purchased for temporary meeting place. in 1984, a land was purchased at present location and the new church building was completely erected in the fall of 1986 and was expanded in 1990. by the grace of god, on march 4th of 1999, we dedicated the new sanctuary to our lord.
our church is a nondenominational evangelical church ministered by pastor and deacons. we welcome you, your family and friends to attend our worship service and join our various activities.
 
 





			联系我们 contacts

地址 address: 1430 south 131st east avenue, tulsa, ok 74108, usa
電話 telephone: (918)438-6449， (918)970-0053
地圖 map and driving directions網址 web address: www.tulsaccc.orgemail: 
 this e-mail address is being protected from spambots. you need javascript enabled to view it.
 








			聚会时间 program schedules





sunday


9:15 am


英文崇拜


english   worship service




 


9:30 am


中文主日學


chinese   sunday school




 


 


兒童崇拜


children church




 


 


育嬰部


nursery




 


10:45 am


中文崇拜


chinese   worship service




 


 


英文主日學


english   sunday school




 


 


兒童主日學


children   sunday school




 


 


育嬰部


nursery




 


 


 


 




tuesday


9:30 am


婦女查經班


women bible   fellowship




thursday


7:45 pm


成人詩班


adult choir




 


 


 


 




friday


7:30 pm


青少年團契


world   changers (youth)




 


7:30 pm


家庭查經班


home bible   fellowship




 

6:30 pm
学生團契
student fellowship



 


 


 


 




saturday


10:00 am


常青團契(每月第一周六)


evergreen   fellowship




 


6:00 pm


粵語團契(每月第二周六)


cantonese   fellowship









more articles...



			2013-04-28 bulletin

 


				page 1 of 2			
startprev12nextend 




 






                                                powered by joomla!®






