

village of corinth: village of corinth homepage



















 


home
welcome
update from the mayor
officials
fire dept
police
dept. of public works
schools, churches, etc.
cemeteries
zoning board
planning board
village minutes & reports
budget 2024-2025
prior year budgets

calendar
events & celebrations 
forms and applications
grant opportunities
american disability act information
policies & proposals
annual water report
links
recent updates
village code
 

reverse 9-1-1 sign-up
 



 

 




on the banks of the upper hudson, where the river cuts
through solid rock to create the palisades, is the village of corinth. the
river and its falls drew the first settlers to the area in the late 1700's. a
few years later they were harnessed to power a saw and grist mill. 
by
the 1870's the hudson river pulp and paper company was creating paper from pulp
and rags, a revolutionary production method. the mill was eventually purchased
by international paper company; one of twenty brought together to form the
paper industry giant. the mill, along with other businesses, made the area into
a thriving community and in 1886 the village of corinth was founded.
over the years two fire companies (now combined into one) continue to safeguard the village.
several churches give a spiritual foundation to the
community and the corinth central school provides an educational base for its
youth. the foothills of the adirondacks create a stunning backdrop to this
village on the hudson.
 


 





village tax bills
  






    a reminder as you are clearing your walks and driveways not to push snow into the sidewalks.  village code states: no person or persons shall throw any snow or ice from the roof of any building onto the sidewalks, and no owner or occupant of any lot or building shall neglect to keep the same free and clear of all encumbrances or neglect to keep the sidewalks or gutters opened and free from accumulation of dirt, snow or ice therein or thereon or shall neglect to remove such encumbrance immediately upon receiving notice so to do by an officer of the village.  please help our dpw crews keep the sidewalks open & safe to travel.


the saratoga county office of emergency management has posted the draft 2025 hazard mitigation plan update on the county website at www.saratogacountyny.gov/oem.
    public comments will be accepted until january 24, 2025.  to read the draft 2025 hazard mitigation plan update and to submit comments about the plan, please visit www.saratogacountyny.gov/oem.
    click here to read the village of corinth jurisdictional annex.


village water service line inventory



2024 elected officials retirement resolution




garbage & recycling schedule



february 3, 2025 board meeting agenda





how to read your water meter




water meter project faq (updated 4/18/18)

 
office of state comptroller 2024 audit



reservoir property trail map


 
 
 



 

 

contact information
          244 main st
          corinth, ny 12822
          phone:(518) 654-2012
          fax:(518) 654-6202
clerk@villageofcorinthny.com
hours: 
          monday - thursday: 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. friday - closed

officials
        terry miller, mayor
        michael bedell, trustee/deputy mayor
        jim clark, trustee
        tyler kirchhoff, trustee
        debbie stollery, trustee



 



