


home page | riparian farms: captive bred tortoise and turtle








 






riparian farms




welcome
buy a tortoise
photo gallery
tortoise care
information






                                        ivory tortoises


                                        about us


                                        african spurred tortoise husbandry book


                                        leopard tortoise book






home



welcome to ivorytortoise.com


we are no longer selling any turtles or tortoises.
riparian farms developed and produced the first and original ivory tortoise.
                                we are no longer operating and have sold our breeding group of ivory tortoises
                                to the balland tortoise ranch just outside of phoenix, arizona.  please contact
                                the ranch at ballandstortoiseranch@outlook.com to buy an original ivory tortoise
                                as well as normal african spurred tortoises.  


check out my new book:
 
i spent a lot of years raising african spurred tortoises and i accumulated everything i could possibly find about this species.  i tried to compile it all into this 161 page book. i consolidated range maps from numerous sources. i summarized scholarly papers. i included sex identification traits, which have never been documented in the scientific literature. i have pictures of a leopard x sulcata cross, the giant race of spurred tortoise from sudan, various color morphs, the mucus slide which slows the eggs as they are laid, the heart beat of a developing tortoise still in the egg, a tortoise that somehow caught a rabbit and ate it, genetic charts, detailed climate data, and the list goes on.  did you know there was a large land tortoise similar to to african spurred tortoise on the island of cape verde (it is mentioned in the book)? i am obviously partial but i think this is the most complete book on any specie of tortoise and especially the african spurred tortoise (also known as the sulcata tortoise). much of the information is relative to other species of tortoises.  if you keep tortoises this is your one stop book. 
find it on amazon






