






reflections thai - come, stay and enjoy your day.























































home
news feed
get in touch
legal policy
 





select page


  
 



 



 












reflections thai
enjoy a perfect stay and dining experience in our five-star thai resort. located near the beach, we provide a perfect holiday destination. our combination of continental and local cuisines will ensure the best quality dining while you relax in our resort. 
view menureservation





"


 



about us
 
welcome to reflections thai
 
spend an exotic vacation away from the traffic and pollution. our calming environment will create the best accommodation that you can expect on your exotic holiday. make your reservations today and receive a warm welcome from our team on your arrival. 
 
 



 
 
 



only the best
 
good time, great taste
 
we provide the best taste of thailand at our finest restaurants. explore the best food and a quality ambiance while you enjoy your time with your loved ones. 
 
view items

 
 
 



restaurant and bars
 
explore our restaurants and try out the best cuisines prepared by our world-class chefs. 
 
 

 

events & meetings
 
we have the best facilities and accommodations for professional and family events.
 
 
 


 

24h room service
 
we will just right at your doorstep for anything that you need and make sure all your requirements are fulfilled. 
 
 

 
 


luxury accommodation

 
we have world-class accommodation that completes your travel itinerary with a range of activities, amenities, and packages that keep you comfortable. 
 
 

 

5 star facilities & services

 
we fulfill every requirement to stay at the highest levels of what a five-star resort can offer. explore our brochure to learn about our programs. 
 
 
 


 

delicious foods
 
explore our menu for a satisfying dining experience in your hotel room or at one of our fine-dining restaurants. 
 
 

 
 
 



testimonials
 
what people are saying
 
 
 




“carl i andrews”
 
“the best place for business tourists who also want relaxing accommodation while they are in thailand.”
 
 



“celia n shuford”
 
“thank you for offering some of the best offering care and facilities to my family. we had a great time. “
 
 



“blake w canfield”
 
“i want to appreciate the entire staff who helped me provide the right hospitality that i needed while i worked on my project. “
 
 



“arturo s gates”
 
“we are sure glad that we found a room in the last moments. i could not expect everything to fall into place when the hotel staff took care of everything. “
 
 
 
 



don’t miss
 
latest from our blog
 
subscribe to our newsletter to get the first updates on our upcoming events, seasonal discounts, and travel news. 
 
 
 






 
did you know taking finasteride results in tremendous hair growth?
hair growthloss of hair can happen at any time of life. however, thanks to modern medical science, it is treatable, as well as reversed. at least in some cases, the entire damage can be reversed. however, it is equally important to mention that you have to go through a medical evaluation. there are a lot of factors that will determine the medical treatment and the approach that needs to be taken. finasteride is a medication that will be a great help in reversing hair loss.
what is finasteride?
hair loss can occur for a lot of reasons, and it can happen at any time of life. so, in this regard, you will first have to ascertain the causes of hair loss. finasteride is an excellent medication that can repair hair loss, and reverse the damage. taking finasteride results in promoting hair growth and enhancing hair follicles. it does so by oxygenation of the roots and ensuring an adequate blood flow to the follicles. in addition to that, you will also be required to go through a treatment plan. this will be prescribed by your doctor.
thickening of hair:
you may see impressive results in a matter of months. however, it may take some time to get the thickness of the hair. in addition to that, with a better approach to the treatment, finasteride will certainly improve your scalp, and promote hair growth. it will take you at least 3-6 months to see some visible developments.

where to get it?
you can get the medication online from www.numan.com. the healthcare company offers you better treatment options for hair loss. in addition to that, the company will offer you a treatment plan on a subscription basis. the experts will customize the plan, ensure that all your allergies are taken into account, and offer you medication at your doorstep. on top of that, you will have access to expert suggestions.
dosage:
there are a lot of factors that will affect the medication. so, you will need to first go through a medical evaluation. your doctor will be able to ascertain the causes of your problem and customize the dosage. 5mg of the medication will be an average dose for you. however, it’s equally important to mention that the doctor or experts at numan can increase the dosage depending on the reactions of your body. additionally, it’s recommended that you never exceed the limits of your dosage without your doctor.
what if it doesn’t work?
finasteride has been approved by medical experts and has been recommended by practitioners. it will reverse hair loss and help in pattern baldness in men. however, the application and success of the medication will matter. at www.numan.com, the experts make sure to understand the cause of your problem and take an expert step on that. you will have to give them access to your medical health, and they will be able to see whether the medication will be safe for you.
conclusion:
dosage is a very important thing in finasteride. this has to be selected in sync with your medical health by your doctors. follow the medication, and finasteride results will be impressive.

 

 
how to choose hotels in thailand?
thailandthere are a lot of factors that come into the choice when you are selecting the hotels in general. in addition to that, you will also have to take into account your personal preferences. that being said, it’s not to be rushed. you have to make sure that you understand your needs, and then you can decide on that basis. it’s equally important to mention that thailand has no ranking system for hotels. however, they are still categorized into classes. that should be obvious. in this regard, you can select between luxury, deluxe, and mid-range.
know the area:
if you are planning a trip in the future, the first thing that you must keep in mind is the location. no matters your reasons for your trip, you need to make sure to know where the area is located. it’s equally important to mention that each location in thailand will have its attached standard. so, choosing the best location will matter a lot. in this regard, you will be wise to scan the neighbourhood and make sure that you stay at the best.

budget:
this will depend on a lot of things; however, you will have to make sure that you research the places as well. once you are done with the location, you will have a rough estimate of the stay. this will be helpful to ascertain the nature of the budget, and you will know how much to keep for the stay. in addition to that, the hotel cost will also depend on the stay. so, make sure that you keep that in mind. from september to march, the hotel prices are high. however, you will still find decent accommodation.
features:

this is very important, and you must keep it in mind before you book the hotel. during traveling, you will need a lot of features that you will want your hotel to offer you. for instance, if you’re traveling with kids, then necessary adjustments will have to be made. in addition to that, the newlyweds or the couples will require a different setting. so, make sure that your hotel has the places to accommodate. these can include a kiddie pool or secluded places with an ocean view. in this regard, you will do better to check the reviews of the hotel, and compare them with each other. once you are ready, you can then book the hotel.
don’t rush:

you will need to take some time and make sure that you are on the safer side. compare the hotels, check the reviews, and understand your needs. this will offer you a track that you must follow. comfort is the most important thing that you must keep in mind.
conclusion:
thailand is an excellent touristy destination. however, chasing the hotels can be a little tricky. in this regard, you must make sure that you have scanned everything there is, so t make the best selection. read the reviews, and check the services of the hotels.

 

 
natural tips to improve your sex life
sex lifea strain in sexual performance takes the light out of your relationships. on top of that, the growing age spares none. so, it’s imperative that you are ready, and make certain amendments in your lifestyle., from daily exercise to food habits, there are certain things that you must do to make sure that you are maintaining a healthy lifestyle. it will not just improve your health, but at the same time, increase your sexual performance. and, what’s best than to be natural, and to consume naturally. in this regard, consuming natural foods will certainly help.

fruits:
though alone they may not reap the results, but add them to a balanced diet, and it’s excellent. choose to include bananas, figs, avocados in your daily diet. they will boost your blood flow and increases your sexual stamina. it’s equally important to mention that they are beneficial in promoting general health as well.
chocolate:
when it comes to the taste of the chocolate, it has no replacement. it has been used in a lot of remedies in the past as well. however, in matters of sexual health, it has some benefits that you can have. it increases sexual pleasure and is a mood enhancer thanks to phenethylamine and serotonin. though many of the reports suggest that its effect are more psychological, sure, a mood lifter can turn any moment romantic.
herbs:
there are various herbs like garlic that will help you boost your sexual health. in addition to that, they are also used to treat erectile dysfunction in many cases. add a moderate to your dinner, and see the results.
wine:
too much wine isn’t good for health, but too little, is always good. they are mood enhancers and will offer you the confidence that you will need to be romantically beautiful. a glass of one or two will do just fine.
stress:
levels of stress are one of the main reasons for reduced sexual activity. so, in that case, you must make sure that you stay away from stress. you can keep yourself busy in various activities, like sports, reading, or gaming. this will reduce your stress levels.

sleep:
maintain a clock for every activity of your life. never be awake when you are to sleep, or never be inactive. balance out your activities in a better way. this will offer your body both the rest it requires and the activity it needs. in addition to that, open up to your partner, and have an understanding of her emotions. the emotional connection will form a unique sexual bond. resolve the conflicts, and just in case, you realize that there’s a need for a doctor, then don’t be late.
conclusion:
you can improve your sex life by various things. have a proper diet, exercise your pelvic muscles,m and maintain an emotional bond with your partner. in addition to that, be open and tolerant to your partner will certainly help you in establishing an unbreakable bond.

 


 

 
 
 



hours of operation
 
mon – fri
10:00am – 1:00pm
4:00pm – 10:30pm
 
sat
3:00pm – 10:30pm
 
sun
we are closed
 
make a reservation

 

reservation
make your reservations online and receive a warm welcome on your arrival.





success!



first name



last name



email





contact us










 
 
  


 
 
 



copyright © 2021 reflections thai | all rights reserved.   

 
 
 











