










home - keeley electronics guitar effects pedals

































































 








































shopmercharchiveabout

historyteam
promotionsartistsrepairsbuy locallyblogcontactsubscribelogin











 














follow

follow

follow

follow





next-generation guitar pedal effects,designed and built in the usa





sounds you’ve never heard before – in an all new form factor.

meet the new octa psi transfigurating fuzz













current keeley lineup

the latest & greatest keeley inventions

shop all keeley pedals














keeley rotary

$229.00









new halo core

$249.00









zoma stereo reverb and tremolo

$229.00









octa psi transfigurating fuzz

$249.00









blues disorder overdrive and distortion

$199.00









super rodent overdrive and distortion

$199.00









angry orange distortion and fuzz

$199.00









noble screamer overdrive and boost

$199.00









mk3 driver - andy timmons full range overdrive

$199.00









halo - andy timmons dual echo

$299.00

     








professionally engineered tone
keeley has more than 20 years of experience inventing, making and modding the most mind-bending and unique effects around. make your guitar scream, shout, glitch out or echo through eternity. we’re here to help you hunt down the tones that have haunted you. check out the full lineup below or try them out yourself at a local shop.



shop pedals





compression



clarify, compress and polish your tone





boost & drive



clean or dirty – however you like it





distortion & fuzz



warm & crunchy to soaring, screaming & scalding





modulation



saturate your sound with a fuller voice





delay & reverb



toss your tone into a cavernous pool of echo





envelope filter & auto





envelope filter & auto wah

glitches, synths and wah to funk you sideways





custom shop





custom shop

here today, gone … later today. get ’em fast!

























local pedal pushers
want to try before you buy? we’re right there with you. track down a keeley-carrying shop near you.

buy local







keeley electronics – wired differently

keeley electronics began with one man – rk himself – at a kitchen table. today we’ve been making and modding effects for nearly a quarter-century, feverishly chasing down tones, pushing boards, amps and earballs to their limits. learn more about our hand-rolled approach to pedals.

about keeley







warranty & repairs for keeley electronics

we stand behind every box we build. when you ship us a pedal for repair, we can typically turn around repairs in a couple days and ship it back.

get it fixed







nods from the stars



you can find keeley effects on the boards of many of the greatest guitarists, producers and other musicians out there.






kirk douglassinger / guitarist - the rootseric johnsonguitaristariel posenguitaristnick reinharttara melosdaniel donatonashville guitarist


keeley artists







get paid to do what you love
think you might be a good fit for our industrious and enthusiastic team? let’s talk.

careers



our local talent
we believe in artists. we always have. if you visit our shop, you’ll see what we mean. everyone here is an artist in their own right.

our team



 




 








follow us on instagram @keeleyelectronics







kicking back today and thinking of our time with @


 





our standard silver and custom shop black zoma ste






what's your favorite 4-in-1 pedal, and why?

do yo



 









quick links





archivegift cardscareerscontact inforepair ticketsdealers/distributors



subscribe
sign up for special promotions





success!



email





subscribe
















copyright 2025 keeley electronics. all rights reserved.



followfollowfollowfollow







 















































