


new york city cultural walking tours &slideshows


new york city cultural walking tours & 43 free slide show presentations->
     

history - landmarks - architecture - gargoyles - interesting pictures & stories
private slideshow lectures & walking tour consultations of manhattan's past & present by alfred pommer are available for individuals, groups & corporations by private arrangement call: 212 979 2388 i am no longer escorting the walking tours.
resume   i believe       (212) 979-2388   gargoyle prints for sale
click for joyce pommer's web page   or  click for alfred pommer's private art collection

these are links to alfred pommer's author page at: amazon.com & at:  goodreads
for 4 manhattan neighborhood walking tour guide books by alfred pommer
published by the history press (arcadia publishing)
publisher wanted for new non-fiction neighborhood walking tour guide books



click on the title of any of the listed tours for more information about that tour



    


exploring manhattan's past & present on the streets where we livegargoyles in manhattan walking tours -  consultations & slideshows
a  survey of manhattan’s art deco, art nouveau & contemporary architecture
slideshow presentation view  (one & a half  minutes to load)

1. the gargoyles of murray hill walking tour about 1½ hour(37 st. - 41 st. - 5 ave. - 3 ave.)
    an armchair guide book: "exploring manhattan's murray hill" by alfred pommer & joyce pommer murray hill presentation   view slide show part 1 &  part 2 (a minute to load) 
2. gargoyles of midtown manhattan walking tour1 or 1½ hours   (2nd ave. - 6 ave. - 42 st. - 44 st.)
3. gargoyles & architecture in manhattan's flatiron district tour   1 hour  (flatiron district)flatiron district presentation  view slide show part 1
flatiron district presentation  view slide show part 2
4. gargoyles / architecture in gramercy park hd tour 1 or 1½ hours (e. 22 st., 18 st. & 3 ave., park ave. so.)
       a armchair guide book: "exploring gramercy park and union square" by alfred pommer & joyce pommer gramercy park presentation view slide show part 1 or part 2  (a minute to load)
5.  gargoyles in greenwich village walking tour about 1½ hours.(e. 12 st. & e. 3rd st. - 6th ave & lafayette st.)                        the gargoyles of greenwich village slide show  view slide show (a minute to load)

6.  gargoyles in union square walking tour about 1 hour .(e. 13 st. & e. 17 st - 6th ave & union sq. e.)                        union square slideshow   view slide show part 1 & part 2 (a minute to load)

7.  gargoyles & architecture on the upper west side tour 1¼ hours (w. 70 st. - 73 st. & rsd - cpw)                        exploring the gargoyles of a slice of manhattan’s upper west side slide show  view slide show (a minute to load)




private neighborhood tours of history & architecture
:

8.    the mansions of carnegie hill historic district tours    1, 1½, 2, or 3 hours (e. 86 st. - 97 st.)                        carnegie hill historic district presentation part 1   
	view slide show  (a minute to load)  
                         carnegie hill historic district presentation part ii  view slide show  (a minute to load)  
 
9.    gramercy park historic district walking tour about 1¾ hours                       &nbspgramercy park presentation   view slide show part 1 or part 2 (a minute to load)                         union square slideshow   view slide show part 1 or  part 2 (a minute to load)
10. the chelsea neighborhood & historic district tour about 1¾ hours   (w. 20 st. - w. 23 st. - 8 ave. - 10 ave.)                        the chelsea neighborhood & historic district presentation   view slide show (a minute to load)
11. millionaires mile tours or 5th ave. mansions tours   (1, 2, or 2½ hours - 5th ave into the ues hd)                        millionaires mile in the upper east side historic district presentation   view slide show part 1 (a minute to load)
	                        millionaires mile in the upper east side historic district presentation   view slide show part 2 (a minute to load)                         millionaires mile in the metropolitan museum historic district presentation   
view slide show  (a minute to load)  
                        carnegie hill historic district presentation part i  view slide show  (a minute to load)                        carnegie hill historic district presentation part ii  view slide show  (a minute to load)

12. the landmarks of 42nd st. tour 1, 1½ or 2 hours  (e. 42 st. - w. 45 st. - 2 ave. - 6 ave.)                         east 42nd st. presentation   view slide show (a minute to load) 
                        west 42nd st. presentation   view slide  part 1or part 2 (a minute to load)
13. the midtown architectural walking tour 2 or 3 hours   (e. 49 st. - 57 st. - 3 ave. 5th ave.)                        midtown manhattan. presentation part 1   view slide show (a minute to load)                         midtown manhattan. presentation part 2   view slide show (a minute to load) 

14. rockefeller center public art tour history, architecture, interesting pictures & stories                        the rockefeller center public art presentation  view slide show part i  (a minute to load)  
                        the rockefeller center public art presentation view slide show part ii  (a minute to load) 

15. the historic (old) new york city tour   1½ hour tour (wall st. & broad st. & broadway & state st.)                         the historic old new york city slideshow presentation part 1 view   (a minute to load)                        the historic old new york city slideshow presentation part 2 view   (a minute to load)                         a slideshow presentation of, manhattan's civic center view   (a minute to load)
16.  the tribeca west historic district walking tour 2 hour tour slide show available                         the tribeca historic districts & neighborhood slideshow presentation view   (a minute to load)
17. the original west village walking tour (2 hour / 2½ hour or a 3 hour version) slide show available
          an armchair guide book:"exploring the original west village" by alfred pommer and eleanor winters                 to view the slideshow presentation part i  &  part 2 &  part 3  one minute to load 
18. the old five points neighborhood (irish history) walking tour slide show available                         the old five points neighborhood  slideshow presentation view   (a minute to load)                         the irish heritage in lower manhattan  slideshow presentation view   (a minute to load)
19.  the murray hill neighborhood / hd tour  (2, 2½ or 3½ hours).
    an armchair guide book: "exploring manhattan's murray hill" by alfred pommer & joyce pommer                                               view slideshow presentation part i or part2 (a minute to load)
20. the little italy / nolita tour    the extended tour includes part of the old  five points neighborhood
21 the lower east side jewish heritage tours chatham sq. to east houston & henry st. to eldridge st.
22. the lower central park walking tour includes: history, outdoor art & surprises from the past.                        the lower central park slideshow  view part i  & part 2   (a minute to load) 
23. the stuyvesant park hd & stuytown tour  (e. 14 st., 18 st. - 1st ave., 3 ave.)                                                view slideshow presentation part i or part2 (a minute to load)
24. the south village walking tour  (2 or 2½ hours).(christopher st. - st. luke's pl. west of 6th ave.)                            view south village slideshow presentation   (a minute to load)
25. the washington sq. neighborhood tours - two, 2 hour tours (washington sq. park - w.13 st. & university pl. & 6 ave.) 
26. the soho cast iron historic district walking tour  (west houston, canal st. & west broadway, lafayette st. & centre st.)
         an armchair guide book: "exploring new york's soho" by alfred pommer & eleanor winters
	                           view slideshow presentation  part i or part2 (a minute to load)
27  a walking tour of the theater district aka the broadway excursion  (w. 53rd st., w. 42nd  st. - 6th ave.,8th ave.)                        the theater district slideshow presentation part 1 view   (a minute to load)                        the theater district slideshow presentation part 2 view   (a minute to load)
28. the yorkville neighborhood walking tour  (lexington ave to the east river & e. 72 st. to e. 96 st. )
		                            view yorkville slideshow presentation   (a minute to load)
29. an upper east side tour  (e. 58th st., 69th  st. - 2nd ave.,park ave.)
30. the roosevelt island tour  
                           roosevelt island slideshow presentation view slideshow  (a minute to load)


    








four neighborhood guide books focusing on manhattan's architecture and history, authored by alfred pommer are available at: www.barnesandnoble.com - https://www.thriftbooks.com - https://www.arcadiapublishing.com - https://www.strandbooks.com - https://www.goodreads.com - https://dealoz.com/ - https://www.bookdepository.com - https://www.dymocks.com.au 


			    ganyc.org (guides association of new york city)  click here
z-travel & leisure  click here 






all photographs on this web site are by alfred pommer
			& all content on this web site, such as graphics, logos, button icons and images
			is the property of alfred pommer and protected by united states and international copyright laws.







