












white cedar shingles - white cedar shingles lumber, logs, rail, decking



































  








↓ 
 


        javascript is disabled. please enable javascript on your browser to best view this site.







home
products

shingles
lumber
logs
rails & decking


learn

about
ask professor shingle
cedar types
how to’s
cedar vs. pine
the process
how we’re green?
cash the sawyer dog


gallery
ordering

2024 lumber pricing


resources
contact






 

 


 



white cedar shingles & lumber manufactures and supplies high-quality cedar products to customers worldwide from fsc certified sustainable harvest forests. our customers range all across the country, including on the east coast and west coast. oftentimes your shipping costs are balanced by the savings of no sales tax. click the links below to learn more about our amazing products. contact us for more information.
shingles – lumber – logs – rail & decking





shingles
at white cedar shingles, we sell shingles by the square. a square = 4 bundles of shingles (a square covers a 10′ x 10′ [100 square feet] area.)
from fsc certified sustainable harvest forests.




lumber
the environmental benefits and labor savings realized by using wcsl eastern white cedar lumber more than offset the price differential with lesser wood species.
as the largest manufacturer of eastern white cedar products, white cedar shingles & lumber can provide you the retailer, builder, or homeowner with eastern white cedar products at absolutely the best price and one of the best quality available anywhere. we can ship anywhere in the us and around the world.








logs
we have hand-selected the true essence of the great north woods – large, long and straight logs destined to be part of your family’s heritage for generations to come.
wcsl just purchased the largest selection of old growth cedar logs in america! call 218.348.3772 now! reserve your 2-3 ft. diameter – up to 45 foot long logs.




decking
wcsl produces both 5/4″ and 6/4″ thickness decking with eased edges for totally maintenance-free beauty. eastern white cedar decking is, indeed, the wood of choice for barefoot summer enjoyment. use it for the farmhouse porch, a lodge in the rockies, a cottage on nantucket, or in your backyard in joliet.


















white cedar shingles & lumber produces eastern white cedar shingles and shakes, white cedar lumber, white cedar decking, white cedar fencing, white cedar siding, white cedar logs, and more. our customers are on the east coast and west coast. at wcsl we use only white cedar from sustainable forests we specialize in 18" shingles/shakes with 1/2" butt and 24" shingles / shakes with 3/4" butt.


© 2024 whitecedarshingles.com | white cedar shingles & lumber | all rights reserved. 

 
 
 

↑











