 anxiety, panic, phobia therapy - dallas, plano, richardson tx       phobia-panic-anxiety treatment centertherapy & counseling dallassteve b. reed, lpc, lmsw, lmft  homecounseling issuestherapy methodsarticlesblogvideosaboutappointments   anxiety, phobia, panic attack and anxiety attack therapydallas, plano, richardson and dfw  specializing in the caring treatment of:phobias, anxiety attacks, stress, grief, relationship stress providing the best of innovative and well researched treatments to help you resolve problems faster, easier and more effectively.  for years, therapist steve reed has helped people just like you with the best therapy methods available.  his expertise can provide help, healing and new hope in your quest to ease issues ranging from everyday stress to high anxiety events. steve b. reed, lpc, lmsw, lmft specializes in anxiety treatment, panic attack therapy, phobia therapy, and counseling help for stress, grief, and ibs.  easing emotional suffering is his mission as a psychotherapist.steve is the developer of the remap process, a leading provider of emdr (eye movement desensitization and reprocessing) in dfw, and an expert in treatment with cbt (cognitive-behavioral therapy).  his work has been taught in professional training seminars to other therapists throughout europe, north america, and central america.  he has presented at local, state, national, and international conferences.  he has been a keynote speaker at conferences in europe and canada.  he has twice presented training on his therapy innovations at the ohio state university medical school.  he is also the author of the quick remap self-help book and the quick remap seminar on dvd.  this website will help you discover his work and how he can be of help to you. explore the counseling issues section to identify areas of your life that you can improve.  read the therapy methods section to discover the innovative and evidence-based treatments that can make a difference in your life.  watch the videos, read the about section and when you are ready, call to make an appointment.  find freedom from panic attacks, anxiety attacks, phobias, generalized anxiety, grief, and relationship stress.  learn to feel better and have a more satisfying life.  your journey of transformation and healing can begin here.phone, video, and in-office appointments are available.share this:  follow us call today972-997-9955  home contactsteve b. reed, lpc, lmsw, lmft 375 municipal drive, suite 230  richardson, texas 75080 972-997-9955 self-help productsmap to officeformsfaqservice areascontactprivacy policyresources © copyright steve b. reed 1997-2025   
