






acoustakleen |














































home
services
industries
products
about us
contact
 


select page


  
 



 



 











contact us by email at info@acoustakleen.com 
or phone at 407-971-4719.
 
covid-19 sanitizing and cleaning
acousta kleen can support your facility in this critical time of need. we have expanded our services to include viral, bacterial and fungal sanitizing. our specialized team will sanitize, clean, and disinfect all high-touch and high-traffic areas using an epa approved product recommended by the cdc to be effective against emerging viral pathogens such as covid-19. we can add this to our traditional cleaning and high-dusting services or provide facility sanitizing as a stand-alone service. call us today to find out how we can help keep you and your customers safe and healthy.
 
 
 



for over 30 years we have been the southeast’s premier acoustical ceiling cleaning and restoration company.
we pride ourselves on the fact that all of our ceiling cleaning products are safe, non-toxic, non-caustic, and biodegradable. our proprietary solution will keep your facilities clean and odor-free without harsh chemicals or vocs.
eliminating dust, grease and deep-down odors from your ceilings, walls, carpets, and upholstery not only brightens the atmosphere of your workspace, it actually reduces allergens and dander, making it easier to breathe for you and your customers.
we offer complete interior cleaning and restoration services, products and equipment including:

ceiling cleaning
wall cleaning
ceiling restoration
supermarket interior maintenance

acousta kleen – providing total interior maintenance for over 30 years

 
followfollowfollowfollow
 
 
 
 



services
we offer complete interior maintenance services including cleaning, restoration, and fire/flame proofing.
 

hide default
  
 
ceiling & wall cleaning
ceilings and walls trap odors, smoke, oils, cooking grease, films, nicotine, dust mites and many more unsanitary pollutants. these films reduce light by as much as 60%, dull the appearance of the facility and create an unhealthy environment. deep cleaning ceilings and walls will brighten hard floors, make carpets look cleaner and give your facility a healthier, brighter look and show you care about your people and their environment. but replacing or painting these items is costly!
our ceiling cleaning solution is a safe, non-toxic, non-caustic, biodegradable product that will brighten & deodorize your old ceiling, without the high cost or hassel of painting or replacing.
compare the cost: cleaning is clearly superior!!!

replacing

$.80 – $4.50 per s.f
highest cost
dust and debris
cost of disposal
labor to remove
business interrupted
very messy
must replace fixtures
				
painting

$.40 – $.80 per s.f.
high cost
leaves odor
eliminates acoustics
destroys fire rating
business interrupted
can stain carpets
special paint for fixtures


cleaning

$.18 – $.35 per s.f.
low cost
removes odor
improves acoustics
improves fire rating
no business interruption
no mess
cleans all surfaces



hospitals, schools, office buildings, restaurants, supermarkets and many other facilities, have porous, non-porous and semi-porous surfaces to clean and maintain. the interior ceiling and wall surfaces can now be safely, economically and effectively cleaned and maintained by acousta kleen. our trained personnel can safely and effectively clean:


acoustic ceilings
popcorn ceilings
metal ceilings
latex painted walls
wallpaper surfaces
a/c vents
stall dividers
fireplace facings
plastic/formica
frp paneling
				



vinyl ceilings
textured ceilings
wood ceilings
enamel painted walls
fabric ceilings
wall vents
interior brick walls
tile kitchen walls
window blinds
wood paneling
				

  
 request more information 
 
ceiling restoration
we offer the industry’s most advanced restoration process for acoustical ceiling tiles. our trained staff can safely restore away water stains and smoke & fire damage from uncleanable acoustical ceiling tiles.
the secret is our absolute acousta colors. acousta colors is a specialty coating designed specifically for application to soiled/damaged ceilings. unlike paint or cleaner, acousta colors is a scientifically formulated coating that actually restores acoustical tiles to their original beauty.
benefits of restoring acoustic tiles:

cost savings on tile replacement by 50% or more
improved sound absorbing capabilities
ensured class a fire rated surface as defined by the national fire protection association
coated tiles will not stick to grid system, because acousta colors is not a paint
tiles treated with acousta colors coating can be cleaned after application, ensuring that new tile look
acousta colors is tintable to your specific color need

 request more information 
 
covid-19 sanitizing and cleaning
acousta kleen can support your facility in this critical time of need. we have expanded our services to include viral, bacterial and fungal sanitizing. our specialized team will sanitize, clean, and disinfect all high-touch and high-traffic areas using an epa approved product recommended by the cdc to be effective against emerging viral pathogens such as covid-19. we can add this to our traditional cleaning and high-dusting services or provide facility sanitizing as a stand-alone service. call us today to find out how we can help keep you and your customers safe and healthy.
 request more information 
 
restaurant & supermarket maintenance
we offer complete restaurant and supermarket maintenance, focusing on ceilings and walls. in high volume cooking areas grease and dust collect on most surfaces, creating an unhealthy and unsafe environment for food preparation. our trained team safely and effectively cleans away this dirt and grime with our specially designed non-toxic , biodegradable solution.
our complete maintenance service offerings includes:

vinyl and frp ceiling tile and grid cleaning
high area dust and cobweb removal
department and retail sales area ceiling and a/c vent cleaning
department and retail sales wall cleaning

 request more information 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 
 
 



contact
get in touch with a representative about our high quality services & products or a free on-site demonstration.
 
 
 



address: po box 10972st. petersburg, fl, 33733phone: 407-971-4719email: info@acoustakleen.com
 
 



***

*what products/services are you interested in?

ceiling/wall cleaning service


starter kit equipment


ceiling restoration service


absolute ceiling/wall solution


flame retardant service


absolute acousta colors product


carpet/upholstery service


flame stop fire retardant product
captcha

  












 
 
 
  


 
 
 




copyright © 2016 | acousta kleen of central florida | web solutions provided by the dri   

 
 
 





 


