








































stony brook mathematics department and institute for mathematical sciences | mathematics department and the institute for mathematical sciences  




















college of arts and sciences









videos

members
search

















search 





 





















mathematics department and the institute for mathematical sciences










toggle navigation






                menu
              




home
courses
people
calendars
undergraduate
advising & assistance
graduate
conferences
research
about









 

















news and announcements











  



 radu laza elected as fellow of the ams 
 congratulations to radu laza, elected to the 2025 class of fellows of the ams! 






 chris bishop awarded senior berwick prize 
 this award from the london mathematical society acknowledges his breakthrough publications 






 the stony brook lectures in algebraic geometry 
 alex perry, university of michiganderived categories in algebraic geometryoctober 8th, 9th, and 10th 






 jim simons, the mathematician from blaine lawson 
 an informal note about jim simons and his "amazing influence in both mathematics and physics" from his longtime friend and collaborator. 






 thesis defense: one parameter families of schwarz reflection maps arising from shabat-belyi maps 
 jacob mazorjuly 26, 11:00ammath tower, 5-127 






 2024 department commencement ceremony 
 may 17, 9:00am  scgp 103 






 thesis defense: equivariant lagrangian floer theory on compact toric manifolds 
 yao xiao may 07, 12:00pm math tower, 5-127  






 thesis defense: topics in quantitative rectifiability: traveling salesmen, lipschitz decompositions, densities, and big pieces 
 jared krandel may 06, 10:00am math tower, 5-127  






 thesis defense: degeneration techniques in complex geometry 
 roberto albesiano may 03, 10:00am math tower, 5-127  






 thesis defense: revisiting localization, periodicity and galois symmetry 
 runjie hu may 02, 1:30pm math tower, 5-127 






more news → 






















welcome




jim simons 1938-2024
the mathematics department is deeply saddened to note the death of jim simons on may 10. as chairman of the department from 1968-1975 and then for decades afterwards, jim played a huge role in the shaping and supporting of our department (and our university). more about jim's impact can be found in this article and on this page.


the mathematics department, housed within stony brook's college of arts and sciences, was founded in 1958 and in recent years has been consistently ranked among the top twenty-five departments in the country. particular strengths include differential and symplectic geometry, algebraic geometry, algebraic topology, dynamics, complex analysis, and their applications to mathematical physics.
the institute for mathematical sciences, founded in 1989, is closely allied to the department. the institute's co-directors are john milnor and mikhail lyubich. its current primary research focus is on dynamical systems with an emphasis on the low-dimensional real and complex cases. the institute is partially supported by the simons math-physics endowment.
the institute and the department have close ties to the neighboring simons center for geometry and physics, which focuses on the interface between mathematics and physics.  scgp permanent members sir simon donaldson and kenji fukaya are members of the mathematics department faculty; there are many collaborative efforts, including seminars, colloquia, and afternoon tea.
the department offers a full range of undergraduate courses, with programs concentrating on pure mathematics or leading to preliminary certification to teach secondary school mathematics. on the graduate level there are master's-level programs both for in-service and pre-service teachers and in pure mathematics. we have an active, high-caliber ph.d. program in mathematics, with over 66 students currently enrolled.





















 




















math calendar







more events → 






















we are here   |   directions   |     campus maps    |     weather    |   contact us
 
walking directions from lirr train station

























mathematics department, stony brook university, stony brook ny, 11794-3651, usa
institute for mathematical sciences, stony brook university, stony brook ny 11794-3660, usa
we are located in the math tower at the west end of the academic mall on the stony brook campus.







                        copyright © 2016 stony brook university                     










 


















