









home - georgia movers association, inc.































 



















(478) 718-2868
info@georgiamovers.org



facebook


 





facebook



join gama
find a mover
login
 












get a quote
about gama

gama members
officers & directors


consumer resources

find a mover
planning your move
moving checklist
seniors moving guide


members

member portal

board minutes
gama events
member discounts
newsletters
training resources
vendor directory


member benefits
classified ads
join gama
make a payment


contact us
 


select page


  
 
 
















 
full 1welcome to the georgia movers association!
full 2request a moving estimatefull 3join gamafull 4find a mover 












georgia movers association (gama) is a trade association representing over 150 member movers within the state of georgia, providing both local and long distance services. as a condition of membership in gama, each member agrees to observe a code of ethics committing to provide professional, reliable and safe services at fair and reasonable prices to the georgia moving public.
georgia movers association was created to:

advance the best interests of the general public and professionals lawfully engaged in the moving and storage business in georgia.
educate and inform members regarding transportation, storage, and small business issues.
monitor georgia legislative and georgia department of public safety activity and proposed regulations.
promote good will and cooperation among the general public and members.








quick links





find a moverfind a gama mover near you!
click here



get a quoterequest a moving estimate.
click here



join gamajoin georgia movers association.
click here



 












get a moving quote
request a quote online and a georgia movers association member will walk you through the planning process.








find a georgia mover
locate qualified georgia movers association members near you.





contact gama
georgia movers association, inc.18 river tracemacon, ga 31210
phone: (478) 718-2868fax: (478) 757-1949
email: info@georgiamovers.org

join gama





© 2024 georgia movers association, inc.



 



































