







bruderhof communities - learn about a 100-year-old christian community






































































0








        skip to content
      



























        our faith
      



        life in community
      



        resident volunteer program
      



        where to find us
      













                    connect
                  






open menu
close menu




























        our faith
      



        life in community
      



        resident volunteer program
      



        where to find us
      













                    connect
                  






open menu
close menu
























                  our faith
                





                  life in community
                





                  resident volunteer program
                





                  where to find us
                






                connect
              



















“and they had everything in common…”














we are a community of christians who, inspired by the early church, share all our money and possessions. we believe that god wants to transform our world, here and now. this takes a life of discipleship and commitment; when you truly love your neighbor as yourself, peace and justice become a reality.



































full-time discipleship

we believe jesus calls us to dedicate every day of our lives to him, not just sundays. in community all aspects of life can be acts of worship – working together, sharing a meal, or singing together.
















sharing money and possessions

none of us owns anything personally and everything we need — food, housing, health care — is provided for us. we believe our way of life is a compelling answer to society’s problems, with its emphasis on wealth and self and its resulting isolation, conflict, and inequality.
















supporting one another

in our life together the welfare of the oldest, youngest, and weakest is a shared priority, family life is treasured, meaningful work is available for everyone, and there is time for laughter, friendship, and children.

























come and seewe love welcoming visitors! they bring new energy to our community and we appreciate the opportunity to learn from each other as we work, worship, share meals and times of relaxation together. learn more about visiting and volunteering.other ways to connect:




    resident volunteer program
  




    university speaking program
  






















working together

we contribute our talents and energies in whatever way we can until the end of our lives. no kind of work brings either privilege or stigma. to work in the service of love is our joy. 
















upholding family life

children are the heart of our communities, and community life is oriented around supporting families and welcoming single people. 
















serving our neighbors

love of neighbor must be put into practice. we support the works of global nonprofits addressing acute crises and also help out in our local neighborhoods. we cannot solve all the problems of the day, but we must do what we can.































educating children

bruderhof schools, which are also open to children from our neighborhoods, have the goal of educating the whole child: heart, head, and hand.
















committed to the way of peace

like our anabaptist forbears we are committed to christian nonviolence and nonresistance.
















how did it start?

the bruderhof (german for “place of brothers”) was founded in 1920 by a group of young people seeking answers to the widespread devastation and chaos of post-war german society. inspired by the example of the first christians in jerusalem, they started a community.

























“now the company of those who believed were of one heart and soul, and not one said that any of the things which he possessed was his own, but they had everything in common.— acts 4:32






















foundations of our faith and calling

from the new testament onward, christians have testified to their faith through the written word. in that tradition, foundations of our faith & calling describes the tenets and orders common to all bruderhof communities.
















meet bruderhof members

we come from all walks of life and many backgrounds. read a collection of stories of bruderhof members past and present and browse photos of community life.
















ask your questions

have a question about how and why we live the way we do? browse faqs and ask your questions here.

























plough quarterlyan international magazine of stories, ideas, and culture published by the bruderhof.




    check it out
  












 

follow our main social channels
























































 















explore other social channels






















plough publishing

on twitter and facebook.











eberhard arnold

on twitter and facebook.











bruderhof austria

on instagram











bruderhof music

on youtube























connect locations foundations of our faith and calling faqs history resources  sign up for our weekly email










email address






sign up






thank you!








































deutsch 한국어 español françaisprivacy policy terms of use

©  bruderhof    














