





home - the delphi group - the delphi group















































results through leadership: strategy  culture  commitment
where is your business going? how will you get there?
taking the long view to success requires a vision & a plan......then the work begins!
let us help you


strategy • culture • commitment

our new book!
get your copy now!









toggle navigation





home
services 

leading through transition

vision to execution
key ingredient – culture


high-performing teams

attributes & alignment


leadership development

management training
customized training
high-potentials


executive and management coaching

individual coaching
360° feedback


resolving conflicts

collaboration
conflict resolution training program
facilitation




new book
blog
about 

who we are
our mission
partial client list
selected work examples


testimonials 

coaching testimonials
strategy, change and culture testimonials
team effectiveness testimonials


contact












     










 
where is your business going? how will you get there?
taking the long view to success requires a vision & a plan……then the work begins!
let us help you

achieving results through leadership:  linking strategy, culture and commitment

the delphi group, inc. has helped hundreds of organizations develop the capabilities needed to become successful in any environment. in good times or bad, the ability of organizations to achieve success depends on great leaders and managers.
is your organization challenged by…
changing demands of customers, shifting markets, greater competition?uncertainty about strategy; where to go and how to get there?the need to do more with less?a workforce not as engaged and committed as needed?unproductive conflict?
the delphi group, inc. can help your organization achieve results…
become responsive, agile and innovative
create a compelling vision and a focused, aligned strategybuild a culture of collaborationgenerate workforce buy-in and commitmentsupport leaders who inspire and managers who support and develop employees
the delphi group, inc. provides customized services in the following areas:
leading through transition:  vision, culture, executiondeveloping high performing teamsmanagement and leadership developmentexecutive and management coachingconflict resolution
 
or contact us now for a free consultation.
our guarantee to you: your work with the delphi group, inc. will have a direct impact on your bottom line, however you measure it!



blog posts


divided government  can get things done


how do i communicate effectively with my team?


dialogue on race: is it possible to have constructive conversations about race?


keeping the turkey talk tame


is anyone interested in rational problem-solving?


many causes & many costs of our divisiveness


whether world peace or peace at work, conflict resolution  rests on common core values


our new book
dr. dana morris-jones' book, the power of difference: from conflict to collaboration in five steps, has just been published.  learn more here.
get your copy now!
our guaranteeyour work with the delphi group, inc. will have a direct impact on your bottom line, however you measure it!
ph: 207.883.2333
info@thedelphigroup.com

 





home
services
new book
blog
about us
contact
 

phone: 207.883.2333
e-mail: info@thedelphigroup.com

 


 










name*
 
email*
 
message
 







© 2009-2025 all rights reserved/ design by zebralove web solutions
























