
























































                        register
                        

plan member registration
medical provider registration



sign in






















what we do(current)

for providers
for members
for plan sponsors
for brokers/consultants



why auxiant

our experience




our services

focushealth
integrated buy down
unionplus+
medical management



about us

careers
who we serve
news



resources



contact



















                            auxiant provides tools to participants and employers, to promote good health, and reduce health plan expenses.
                        

learn more














                            auxiant is looking for great people like you to help our customers.
                        

get a job with us




















                            auxiant provides tools to participants and employers, to promote good health, and reduce health plan expenses.
                        




learn more











how can we help you?











                                        i'm an
                                    


employer self-insured employers deserve great health plans at a fair price.

view materials









                                        i'm a
                                    


broker/consultanttap into our knowledge and targeted in-house expertise.  we are a proven leader in the industry.

view how we are helping our clients









                                        i'm a
                                    


providerget easy access to health information - claims, eligibility, benefits, and provider network data.

get online access






are you a member?
log in here










auxiant has the tools and services to help our clients provide best in class benefit plans.
self-funding is a flexible and economical method for employers to provide employee benefits.
why auxiant












see what our clients, member and broker consultants all across america say about auxiant

                    i love auxiant! they have done a great job. they are friendly, 
                    helpful, timely and very thorough. they are the best healthcare 
                    company i have worked with.
                
–auxiant member








just a few of our services













                                        auxiant's value based purchasing program. creating a program specific to each client which incentives members to use high value providers.
                                    

 learn more











                                        auxiant's unionplus is providing union plans with tools to help them deal with the complexities of health benefit and contribution tracking.
                                    

 learn more











                                        auxiant's integrated buy down product integrates with a client's fully insured benefit plan as a way to decrease the premium but limit the cost to the employee.
                                    

 learn more















auxiant is looking for great people like you to help our customers.
we hire talented, motivated people, who work collaboratively to help our clients and partners solve real challenges every day. auxiant is the right place to grow your career if you want to be a part of something bigger than yourself, embrace opportunities to learn and innovate, and have a blast doing it!
 get a job with us 


















2019-07-17

auxiant continues success with focushealth value based purchasing program















2020-05-01

auxiant integrates with healthjoy















2022-02-14

your rights and protections against surprise medical bills 








 



















                               madison, wi
                            
1-800-245-0533





                                cedar rapids, ia
                            
1-800-475-2232





                                milwaukee, wi
                            
1-800-682-0795







careers


contact us


privacy policy




































© 2025 auxiant. all rights reserved.







auxiant login
×





username



password






reset password





















