








































    
    cancer | united states | people against cancer
  
  


 












               2522 nelson ave. otho, ia 50569
(515) 972-4444
info@peopleagainstcancer.com﻿
www.peopleagainstcancer.com


  




       home



  about us



  products



  prevention



  cancer treatment



  free consultation



  my account



  blog



  news



  forms



  contact












    
 





      


 


       






   

contact us


    






  


     


 90 seconds on people against cancer

  






   



  
  who we are
 people against cancer is a grassroots, non-profit, member-supported, public benefit organization dedicated to "finding our members the most effective treatment for their type of cancer." we are a powerful group of people with cancer, their loved ones, and citizens working together to protect and enhance medical freedom of choice.



    what we do
 the goal at people against cancer 
is to provide treatment options for people with cancer. our aim is to answer the complex questions about treatment alternatives. what therapy might be best? what approach might offer the best chances for long-term survival and quality of life? the bottom line is that there is simply no organization, anywhere in the world, that does what we do.




  
  why we do it
 we feel it is important to understand all options from conventional cancer treatment to alternative cancer treatment, to new and innovative forms of cancer treatment in order for people to make truly informed decisions about their cancer treatment.



    when you should call
 immediately, if you discover any new lumps or bumps anywhere on your body. if you have difficulty urinating, unexplained fever, night sweats, or unintentional weight loss. do not wait, you have everything to lose! do not ignore abnormal bumps, unexplained fevers, night sweats, changes in normal bowel habits, abnormal digestion or unintentional weight loss.




   



  


   get your free initial consultation we believe people with cancer have very fundamental rights - the right to know and the right to choose.   

contact us


 








   

donate


         world headquarters - usapeople against cancer2522 nelson aveotho, ia 50569info@peopleagainstcancer.comwww.peopleagainstcancer.com

 germanymenschen gegen krebscannstatter str. 13kernen, germany 7139449-715-191-0217fax:
49-715-191-0218gmbh online

  recent updates

 vitamin d – the government gets it wrong







    faqs




   how should you contact people against
cancer?there are multiple different ways you can contact us at people against
cancer! for the most immediate attention, call our number at (515) 972-4444. a friendly member of our organization will answer and assist you right away with a free consultation. you can also go to the ‘contact us’ tab and fill out a form with any questions or concerns for us and we will email you back as soon as possible! when should you contact people against cancer?contact us immediately if you discover any new lumps or bumps anywhere on your body, or if you have difficulty urinating, unexplained fever, night sweats, or unintentional weight loss. do not wait, you have everything to lose!do not ignore abnormal bumps, unexplained fevers, night sweats, changes in normal bowel habits, abnormal digestion, or unintentional weight loss. do not ignore the symptoms below.what is my general, long-term survival prognosis with cancer?if the cancer is found in its earliest stages, the 5-year survival rate is 92%. if the cancer spreads regionally, the 5-year survival rate is 94%. if the cancer has spread to different parts of the body, the 5-year survival rate is 78%.for informational purposes only. consult your local medical authority for advice.source: mayo clinicbasal cell cancer symptoms:this cancer typically appears as a white, waxy lump or a brown, scaly patch on sun-exposed areas, such as the face and neck.basal cell cancer treatments:basal cell cancer is generally less invasive. the conventional treatment for basal cell cancer is surgery such as excisional surgery, electrosurgery, cryosurgery, laser surgery, and topical medications. for those seeking alternative therapy there are topical treatments that have been successful in basal cell cancer.breast cancer symptoms:symptoms of breast cancer include a lump in the breast, bloody discharge from the nipple, and changes in the shape or texture of the nipple or breast. the cancer markers ca 15-3 and ca 27.29 and ca-125 may be elevated in breast cancer. there is no scientific evidence in the peer-reviewed medical literature that routine, yearly mammograms in women under 70 years of age improves long-term survival or quality of life in breast cancer.breast cancer treatments:conventional treatments typically include surgery, radiation, chemotherapy, and hormone therapy. there is simply no scientific evidence in the peer-reviewed medical literature of improved long-term survival or quality of life.colon cancer symptoms:changes in bowel habits, changes in stool consistency or color, blood in stool, black tarry stools, or abdominal discomfort. often the cancer marker carcino-embryonic antigen (cea) is elevated in colon cancer. routine yearly colonoscopies do not improve long-term survival.colon cancer treatments:conventional cancer treatments usually begin with surgery and are followed by chemotherapy and, less often, by radiation. there is simply no scientific evidence in the peer-reviewed medical literature of improved long-term survival or quality of life.leukemia symptoms:many patients with slow-growing types of leukemias don't have symptoms. rapidly growing types of leukemia may cause symptoms that include fatigue, weight loss, frequent infections, and easy bleeding or bruising.leukemia treatments:chemotherapy is the major form of conventional treatment for leukemia. for some types of leukemia, biological therapy can be useful to help your immune system recognize and attack leukemia cells. with the exception of certain childhood leukemia, there is simply no scientific evidence in the peer-reviewed medical literature of improved long-term survival or quality of life with chemotherapy.lung cancer symptoms:symptoms include cough (often with blood), chest pain, wheezing, and weight loss. these symptoms often don't appear until the cancer is advanced.lung cancer treatments:conventional treatments can include surgery, chemotherapy, radiation therapy, targeted drug therapy, and immunotherapy. there is simply no scientific evidence in the peer-reviewed medical literature of improved long-term survival or quality of life.lymphoma symptoms:symptoms include enlarged lymph nodes, fatigue, and weight loss.lymphoma treatments:conventional lymphoma treatment may involve chemotherapy, immunotherapy medications, radiation therapy, a bone marrow transplant, or some combination of these. with the exception of hodgkin's lymphoma (1), there is simply no scientific evidence in the peer-reviewed medical literature of improved long-term survival or quality of life, in most forms of lymphoma after conventional treatment. the 5-year survival rate for all people with hodgkin lymphoma is 87%.melanoma symptoms:symptoms might include a new, unusual growth or a change in an existing mole. melanomas can occur anywhere on the body.melanoma treatments:conventional treatments include surgery, radiation, chemotherapy, immunotherapy. there is simply no scientific evidence in the peer-reviewed medical literature of improved long-term survival or quality of life after conventional melanoma treatments.pancreatic cancer symptoms:symptoms of pancreatic cancer include abdominal pain (70%), weight loss, jaundice, indigestion, nausea and vomiting, bowel problems, blood clots, diabetes, fatigue, depression, and enlarged gall bladder. often the tumor marker ca19-9 is elevated in pancreatic cancer.pancreatic cancer treatments:unfortunately, pancreatic cancer is most often diagnosed in an advanced stage when it is largely fatal. during the early stages, when it may be more treatable, there are generally no signs of symptoms. conventional treatments include surgery, radiation, and chemotherapy. there is simply no scientific evidence in the peer-reviewed medical literature of improved long-term survival or quality of life with conventional treatment.prostate cancer symptoms:symptoms include difficulty with urination, but often there are no symptoms at all. therefore, the cancer marker prostatic specific antigen (psa) blood test is an important, and often only, diagnostic option men for over 60 years old.prostate cancer treatments:conventional treatment for prostate cancer include surgery, radiation, hormone therapy (chemical castration), and chemotherapy. there is simply no scientific evidence in the peer-reviewed medical literature of improved long-term survival or quality of life.what
treatment options do i have?whether it is surgery, chemotherapy, radiation, hormone therapy, clinical trials, or a completely innovative type, we can help you find they best treatment. we focus finding you the best treatment that is safe, effective, and cost effective.finding out you have cancer is shocking and traumatic. trying to sort out what is real and what is imaginary can be equally traumatic. people against cancer is here to support you every step of the way throughout your fight and we will be there to help you assess the safety, effectiveness, and cost-effectiveness of your program to improve long-term survival rate and quality of life.surgery:surgery can help us fight a smaller, weaker, and wounded enemy.chemotherapy:chemotherapy is a common treatment for many types of cancer. most patients will experience mild to severe side effects. side effects include nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, hair loss, and fatigue, damage to the bone marrow, damage to the immune system, heart damage, and, in rare instances, death. there is simply no scientific evidence in the peer-reviewed medical literature of improved long-term survival or quality of life in up to 92% of people with cancer. chemotherapy can cause cancer.radiation therapy:radiation is a common treatment for many types of cancer. there is simply no scientific evidence in the peer-reviewed medical literature of improved long-term survival or quality of life. radiation can cause cancer. diagnostic radiation may be a major cause of human cancer.bone marrow transplant:a bone marrow transplant is when bone marrow stem cells are taken from a donor so you can eliminate cancer infected bone marrow. there is simply no scientific evidence in the peer-reviewed medical literature of improved long-term survival or quality of life.immunotherapy:immunotherapy is a promising new form of approach to fight cancer by enhancing, stimulating, augmenting, and releasing the immune system to recognize and attack cancer. however, as of yet, there is simply no scientific evidence in the peer-reviewed medical literature of improved long-term survival or quality of life, in any type of cancer.hormone therapy:by giving hormones, or blocking hormones, or their effects, we may slow the growth of cancer cells in certain hormonally sensitive cancers like breast cancer, prostate cancer, and pancreatic cancer. there is simply no scientific evidence in the peer-reviewed medical literature of improved long-term survival or quality of life.targeted drug therapy:targeted drug therapy or individualized drug therapy exploits the difference between cancer cells and normal cells. while promising, currently there is simply no scientific evidence in the peer-reviewed medical literature of improved long-term survival or quality of life in any type of cancer.cryoablation:cryoablation is a treatment that kills cancer cells by freezing a tumor. while less invasive than some other types of treatment, there is simply no scientific evidence in the peer-reviewed medical literature that cryoablation improves long-term survival or quality of life.radio-frequency ablation:electrical energy is used to heat cancer cells in order to kill them. similar to cryoablation, a thin needle is inserted into the cancer tissue to heat it and kill nearby cells. there is simply no scientific evidence in the peer-reviewed medical literature of improved long-term survival or quality of life.clinical trials:clinical trials are designed for drug approval. most clinical trials are fixated on drug approval alone and are hopelessly biased.



   cancer
















































































































  
  share by:








