



how to copy scan convert slides negatives photographs with a digital camera


































®



 
serving satisfied  customers
      since 1997













with a shutter click 
            bring your photographic past to the digital age
















what is shotcopy


how to copy
                slides


how to copy negatives


how to copy
                photographs


                shotcopy demo reel


shotcopy user
                tips & tricks


samples page



buy now















click here for free 
                    shotcopy newsletter






       





















 






learn how by watching our videos 
                  on how to use a video 
            camcorder, digital still camera or smart phone if it
            can focus close enough to copy a 35mm slide.





click here 
            - test your digital camera 
            for copying 35mm slides & negatives with 
            shotcopy





click here 
            - see how shotcopy works.






 


how to use a digital 
            camera or camcorder to copy 35mm slides, negatives and photographs






here's a sure fire way using
        your digital camcorder that really works.


check out the sample "how to..."  
        menu bars above. you will be amazed how fast and easy it is - with just a 
        click of the shutter - to copy slides, negatives and photographs with 
        your digital camcorder.  eliminating expensive, slow, awkward, time 
        consuming scanners with their marginal results.
the shotcopy devices holds  images in front of your 
        camcorder 
        that can focus to within 1"  of the lens for easy copying -  one right after the other.  it's so simple - with the click of the 
        shutter your 
        picture is digitally captured - ready to load to your pc.  ready to email to 
        family and  
        friends or burning to a cd or dvd.
no fancy lighting required. just a white reflector to 
        bounce the light on to the image being copied. what could be easier.
when you copy negatives you can reverse the 
        negative to a positive image either in your camcorder or using the software 
        that came with your pc.
to copy photographs is even easier.
explore the menus above to see for yourself how 
        easy it is to convert your slides, negatives and photographs to digital 
        images using your camcorder and shotcopy.














archiving photos
negatives, slides, prints – to 
        digital images



learn about the past and future of photographic 
        archiving for the 21st century.



to learn more -
        click me



uploading your photos to the internet



why have a photo album that sits in the closet until 
        family shows up for the  holidays? load all your pictures to the 
        internet to share with family no matter where they live..



to learn more -
        
        click me












shotcopy is...


shotcopy is the device that will allow you to use your digital
            still  or digital camcorder to quickly and easily copy your slides,
            negatives or prints (up to 4x5) to digital images.   just make 
    sure to
        test your camera before you buy to verify the camera can focus 
        close enough to copy a 35mm slide..







think about 
              it...
flatbed scanner, slide/negative scanner or shotcopy and 
    your hi-def camcorder.





the flatbed scanner was 
    originally designed to scan text but later expanded, with software, to 
    include photographs.  why would you want to copy a photograph while 
    waiting for flatbed scanner wand move slowly across your image when you can capture the 
    same image with one click of your digital camcorder? it is even saved as a digital 
    photographic (jpg) file; no waiting for a scanner conversion.



the slide / negative scanner – 
    is simply a digital camera hidden in a box with a slot to receive your 
    slides and negatives. why would you want to buy an expensive, low resolution 
    digital camera in a box that can only do one thing when you can use a 
    multi-function camcorder? 



shotcopy offers you the best of 
    both worlds without the slowness of a flatbed scanner or the expense of a 
    slide/negative scanner. with shotcopy you are only one click away from capturing 
    your photos to your pc – saving you both time and money.



shotcopy
                    design
shotcopy 
                    is designed to allow
                    hi-def camcorders to be mounted on a solid wood base while slides,
            negatives, and prints are held stationary in front of the camera 
                    lens for copying.  it's easy, it's fast and it's fun!  
                    shotcopy has a small footprint that takes up very little 
                    space on your desktop. shotcopy brings you a long way from  the days of bulky copy
                    stands with their hot flood lights.











                    cameras and their functions will morph well into the future



 
                    no more film processing and waiting hopefully for positive 
                    results.  digital camcorders are here to stay as film 
                    takes its place on the shelves of history. 
                    shotcopy is a universal camcorder copy stand that will not 
                    become obsolete as cameras change into the future, like some 
                    other dedicated devices being sold today. don't let your
                    photographic memories be lost in the shuffle of new technology.  bring them
            along with shotcopy and your digital camcorder.  don't leave your
              precious memories behind to fade away and vanish.  revive
              them with shotcopy.  let shotcopy help you keep your family tree
                    from being lost to
              history.
today videotape, cd's and dvd's are 
                    giving way to sd memory chips or digital flash 
                    drives.  storage of information, including pictures 
                    and videos, has reached and surpassed a new paradyne in data 
                    storage capacity history.  and this is especially true 
                    for video and still photography.
what does the future hold - only time 
                    will tell.  who would ever predict we would be where we 
                    are at today during the early days of photography.  
                    based on the past we have little idea what new innovations 
                    we will have for the future of photography.  perhaps in the 
                    future it will not be called photography.







 





 









 


the way we 
                  view and use photographs has changed



gone are the 
                    days when slide projectors and their trays were used to 
                    enlarge slide images on a screen in a darkened room.  
                    now we have digital video projectors and devices that allow 
                    us to  hookup our digital camcorders to our pc's and tv 
                    sets. allowing us to view our home movies and pictures not only at home 
                    but  share them with the world via the internet.  but wait a 
                    minute, how about all your old slides, negatives and 
                    photographs.  
                    shotcopy allows you to use your digital camera to easily 
                    digitize your photos with a click of a shutter.




 











your 
                    slides, negatives and photographs are changing with time




don't let your 
                    old photographs
                    fade away to become damaged or lost to history.  let 
                    the ingenuity of
                    shotcopy and your digital camera help  you bring your 
                    photographs into the 21st century as digital images.  
                    once digitized there is a world beyond your wildest 
                    imagination that awaits you.
 
 
                   



converting 
                    your photos from film to 
                    digital images opens up a whole new world of 
                    possibilities...




once your old photos
                    are digitized you can e-mail them to your friends and 
                    associates; save them
                    to your hard drive; burn them to a cd/dvd; display them on your
                    pc, video projector  or    tv screen.
you will never have to worry again about your pictures
                    fading or turning yellow, or even worse, lost to an accident. 
                    by making copies of your digital photo files you can 
                    inexpensively copy and distribute your memories to your 
                    family, friends or associates for safe keeping.  if lost, 
                    just ask your friends to make a copy of the photo disk that 
                    you sent them.  hello future - here we come!






     















click image above to view larger image.



         



don't let your family photographic history be lost 
        to the ravages of time


 now you can use your digital 
        still or digital camcorder to bring your memories into the digital age with 
        shotcopy - the slide negative photograph converter.  
        now you can easily copy your photographs and share them with everyone through 
        email, cd photo albums, screen savers, and tv slide shows.  no more 
        screens or projectors to drag out! now you can share you photos by 
        watching tv.
 









why shotcopy is better


you have images to copy - why 
          spend your time fumbling around with clumsy trays and using software which 
          you probably already own. with shotcopy there are no trays 
          to fool with.  shotcopy gives you direct access to loading your 
          slides, negatives and prints directly in front of your own digital 
          camera lens for copying with a click of the shutter.  
          no preloading of trays for copying required. then you use the photo 
          editing software that came with your digital camcorder to download and 
          edit the digital photos on your pc.
most cameras in a box have less 
          camera resolution power than your present digital camera. shotcopy 
          keeps up with changes in digital camera technology - its just a matter of 
          swapping out the old for the new camera with shotcopy. don't get stuck with  
          an obsolete camera in a box technology to copy 
          your 
          precious photographs for future generations.
think about it?  why would you buy another 
          camera that is built into a box with less resolution power than 
          your present digital camera?  when you can use your existing 
          digital camcorder to do the work much faster with a click of the shutter?
shotcopy is better by far because it is faster 
          and easier to use.  just load and click - insert the next slide - 
          click.  in no time you will have all those slides, negatives and 
          prints converted to digital images using your own camera ready to download 
          and edit on your pc to share with family, friends and the internet 
          world.
think about it - compare shotcopy with other 
          devices out there and you will realize shotcopy's innovative design superiority over 
          other methods of copying.  plus, shotcopy will not become obsolete as technology moves 
          forward.  shotcopy has been a proven technology since 1997.  
          for all this time shotcopy has been doing the job of converting slides, 
          negatives, and prints with ease - saving untold hours of your precious 
          time.  











shop and compare shotcopy with other 
                converter devices...





you will 
                    find shotcopy is...



¨
faster - no 
                    photo trays to load and unload.



¨
no 
                    waiting for scanner wands and file conversions for each 
                    image.



¨
no manufacturer 
                    proprietary  lens attachments.



¨
no more fixed 
                    intensity of backlighting for slides and negatives of 
                    different exposure densities.



shotcopy makes common sense when compared 
                    to other converter devices...



¨
with shotcopy 
                    you can use  existing photo editing software which came 
                    with your digital camera. why learn a  new software 
                    package just to copy slides, negatives and prints. even 
                    worse, being stuck with dedicated and limited software 
                    features that came with a converter device!



¨
no more  slow scanner technology  designed for scanning documents.



¨
no more cameras 
                    in a box with  limited and easily obsoleted technology 
                    as newer cameras come on the market with higher resolution, 
                    speed and improved storage capability.



make a wise investment in shotcopy that 
                    will last a life time as technology continually moves on 
                    into the future.prove it to 
                    yourself - order a shotcopy today and see what it can do for 
                    you.  we know you will love shotcopy.  this is why we offer 
                    our
                    
                    30 day money back guarantee.


 




why
                        digitize your photographic images with your digital 
                      camera?
what is the advantage of
                        converting slides, negatives and photographs to digital
                        images?





you
                            can share your images via e-mail.

you 
                            can place them on social network sites like facebook 
                            to share with family or friends.

you
                            can create cd-rom or dvd disk photo albums that can be
                            easily copied and shared with your family, friends
                            or business associates.

you
                            can touch up and correct your images at will. 
                            restore your faded and cracked photographs; plus, preserve deteriorating slides and negatives.

by
                            converting your photographs to digital images you can reduce
                            the possibility of loss of priceless treasures
                            by distributing copies of your photographic memories to more
                            that one location.  image if you lost your
                            cherished photographs through  fire or thief. 
                            what is the value to you for memories that can never be recovered?

you
                            can display your digitized photos on a computer, tv and
                            organize them on  your pc for quick
                            recall.  you can even print hard-copies of you
                            memories or e-mail them to family and friends. think
                            of the fun you'll have sharing historical memories that are now digitized for the world to
                            see.

by
                            digitizing your photographs you don't have to dig
                            through old dusty photo albums or even worse;
                            shoe boxes
                            full of unlabeled slides, negatives and prints.

once
                            you've transferred your images with the help of shotcopy to your pc you can
                            arrange, copy and touch-up your images any way you
                            like; any time you want; and share them with whomever you wish; quickly and easily.







































what is shotcopy

how to copy
                slides

how to copy negatives

how to copy
                photos

shotcopy demo reel

shotcopy user
                tips & tricks



samples page


                buy now


















click here for free 
                    shotcopy newsletter







              copyright © 2018 atssi - home of shotcopy. all rights reserved.





30 day 
              money back guarantee
























convert 35mm slides digital convert slides 
      digital camera how to convert slides to digital format how to convert 
      slides to digital files how to convert slides to digital photos scan 
      slides digital scan a slide convert slides to digital images. how to scan slides. how to scan 35mm 
      slides. we scan all your slide photograph and negatives. how to convert 
      slides to digital format. how to scan 1000's of slides. copy slides to 
      powerpoint. copy slides the easy way. how to copy slides with a digital 
      camera. comparing methods to transfer slides to digital. how to scan 35mm 
      photo slides and negatives. how to convert slides to digital format. how 
      to digitally scan 35mm slides. all about film to digital images. how to 
      convert slides to digital. how to convert negatives to digital. how to 
      convert slides to digital photos. how to turn slides into digital images. 
      how to convert old photos. how to convert old negatives to digital. 
      convert you old photos to digital pictures. convert old negatives to 
      digital picture. scanning service. scanning thousands of slides try a 
      digital camera. caring for your photographic collection. photo 
      preservation for slides negatives photographs. storing and preserving old 
      antique photographs, slides, negatives. save protect share organize store 
      family photo history. photo scrap booking and family memorabilia. 
      transferring film to digital images. creating kodak moments. preserve 
      memorial photo by copy scan convert to digital images. serving satisfied 
      customers since 1997. how to use your digital camera to copy, scan, 
      convert slides, negatives and prints using shotcopy. how to copy 
      negatives. click here for free newsletter. site best viewed internet 
      explorer - 800x600 or higher pixel display. how to use your digital camera 
      to copy slides, negatives and photographs. here's a sure fire way using. 
      your digital camera that really works. check out the sample "how to. " 
      menu bar above. you will be amazed how fast and easy it is - with just a 
      click of the shutter - to copy slides, negatives and photographs with your 
      digital camera. eliminating expensive, slow, awkward, time consuming 
      scanners with their marginal results. the shotcopy devices holds images in 
      front of your camera lens for easy copying - one right after the other. 
      it's so simple - with the click of the camera your picture is digitally 
      captured - ready to load to your pc. ready to email to family and friends 
      or burning to a cd or dvd. no fancy lighting required. just a white 
      reflector to bounce the daylight balanced light on to the image being 
      copied. what could be easier. when you copy negatives you can reverse the 
      negative to a positive image either in your camera or using the software 
      that came with your pc. to copy photographs is even easier. explore the 
      menus above to see for yourself how easy it is to convert your slides, 
      negatives and photographs to digital images using your camera and 
      shotcopy. negatives, slides, prints to digital images. learn about the 
      past and future of photographic archiving for the 21st century. to learn 
      more - click me. why have a photo album that sits in the closet until 
      family shows up for the holidays? load all your pictures to the internet 
      to share with family no matter where they live. to learn more - click me. 
      shotcopy is the device that will allow you to use your digital still 
      camera or digital camcorder to quickly and easily copy your slides, 
      negatives or prints (up to 4x5) to digital images. just make sure to test 
      your camera before you buy to verify the camera can focus close enough to 
      capture the full image of a 35mm slide in front of the camera lens. 
      flatbed scanner, slide/negative scanner or shotcopy and your digital 
      camera. the flatbed scanner was originally designed to scan text but later 
      expanded, with software, to include photographs. why would you want to 
      copy a photograph while waiting for flatbed scanner wand move slowly 
      across your image when you can capture the same image with one click of 
      your digital camera? it is even saved as a digital photographic (jpg) 
      file; no waiting for a scanner conversion. the slide / negative scanner is 
      simply a digital camera hidden in a box with a slot to receive your slides 
      and negatives. why would you want to buy an expensive, low resolution 
      digital camera in a box that can only do one thing when you can use your 
      digital camera? shotcopy offers you the best of both worlds without the 
      slowness of a flatbed scanner or the expense of a slide/negative scanner. 
      with shotcopy you are only one click away from capturing your photos to 
      your pc saving you both time and money. shotcopy is designed to allow 
      digital cameras to be mounted on a solid wood base while slides, 
      negatives, and prints are are pass through shotcopy slide negative holder 
      and the photo copy stand.





