dr paul j. marsh – chiropractic inc          new patient form  call now +1 619 299 1993

servicesmed-legal expertworkers’ compensationpersonal injurysports rehabilitationmassage therapyacupuncturenew patient formpay invoiceaffilliationscontactservicesmed-legal expertworkers’ compensationpersonal injurysports rehabilitationmassage therapyacupuncturenew patient formpay invoiceaffilliationscontact





the excellence in our training makes all the difference in your recovery…
proudly serving san diego since 1996
book appointment
find out more

 


suffering from chronic joint or muscle pain? acupuncture can help!
acupuncture stimulates nerves, muscles, and connective tissues. the stimulation increases blood flow and promotes the body’s natural painkiller activity at the same time.

 


     introducing dr. paul j. marshthink of dr. marsh as your personal coach on your way to recovery, health and wellness. working one-on-one to provide you with what we like to associate with, as nordstrom’s quality of care. he will evaluate your injury, identify the true cause of your pain, and together you both will design a custom program to help you return to normal.servicesour services to start you on your journey to health and wellness. the dr. will take care of all your needs, whether you need physiotherapy, dietary and nutritional advice, or chiropractic care. med-legal expert workers compensation personal injury sports rehabilitation massage therapy acupunctureservicesour services to start you on your journey to health and wellness. the dr. will take care of all your needs, whether you need physiotherapy, dietary and nutritional advice, or chiropractic care. med-legal expert workers compensation personal injury sports rehabilitation massage therapy acupunctureget the best spinaltreatment fromonly $50 (starting range)book appointmentabout dr. paul j. marsh like all good coaches, he will then take you beyond your potential and ultimately teach you how to enhance your overall wellbeing as well.whether it is rehab from an injury, casting your feet for custom orthotics, his expert advise on weight loss, or perchance your in need and the latest information on a certain nutritional supplement. the doctor has your every need coveredsimply give us a call and ask to have a consultation, its free and might just be one of the best steps towards heath and wellness you have ever taken.book appointmentstart your journey to recovery, health and wellness. whether it’s rehab from an injury or expert advice on weight loss, we have your every need covered.8:00 am – 6.00 pmmonday – thursday08:00 am – 12 pmfriday
insurance providerswe’re delighted to work with the following insurance providers the following are the more common plans for which our office is an in-network or participating provider: hmo, ppo, pos, worker’s compensationhmo/ppo





























   workcomp








































































































   

























































































   reviewshear from our happy clients these are just a handful of testimonials from people who have benefitted from dr. paul j. marsh’s expert advice and services.
from the moment i walked into the office, i was made to feel comfortable. lisa, at the front desk was friendly and professional. when i went back to see dr. marsh, i was so amazed by his knowledge, professionalism, and the way he put me at ease. not to mention, he has a great sense of humor. i’m so happy i was directed to this office and i just know that this will be a very helpful way for me to get back to some resemblance of normalcy after my injury.
 ms. linda jmay 10, 2024 
dr marsh and his staff are amazing! lisa the office manager is right on! they are more than a chiropractor! the doctor and staff are super knowledgeable and friendly!
 nancy granodecember 17, 2024 
dr. marsh has done a fantastic job on my neck and back since i began seeing him earlier this summer. his staff have been able to accommodate my schedule and i have more relief days since seeing him than before
 zane savinnovember 2, 2023 
dr. marsh took the time to ensure i understood the scope of my injury, how it may have occurred, and the best solutions/steps to take moving forward.  i would highly recommend him moving forward!
 taylor nemiroffseptember 13, 2022 
paul has been my chiropractor for over 10 years and i’ve always had good results from him. since having heart bypass surgery a couple months ago i started having numbness and tingling not associated with the surgery. he listened as i told him what & where was bothering me. his treatment helped give me relief. i will be back to continue the treatments.
 gerry waclawekmay 11, 2021 
dr. marsh is very attentive and in tune to his patients needs. his front office staff has a lot of empathy for his patients. when dr.marsh says he’s going to do something he does it, which is very refreshing. his appointments are also always at the time scheduled. no long waits in the waiting room!!!
 bradley barnesdecember 20, 2023 
dr. marsh has helped both of my teenage sons with sports injuries and relieved my sciatica quickly! he was able to see us quickly and provided knowledgeable and effective care. i highly recommend dr. marsh!!!
 nico sidiropoulosseptember 7, 2023 
dr.paul marsh is wonderful! he’s the man 💯👍🏻🙂.dr.marsh’s practice is awesome. getting in to see him is a breeze, he’s always on time, offers state of the art chiropractic equipment, treatments,etc.he’s a wealth of knowledge, is a huge resource in the chiropractic arena and always offers tips, suggestions how to benefit from his treatments! dr.marsh is a master of his craft. he’s also a qme for workers comp. he’s law enforcement friendly and has a great deal of contacts with various doctors and at home devices, etc. thanks dr.marsh!
 danielle ferrarajune 21, 2022 
after dr.marsh made adjustments to my back and neck pain areas affecting me, i felt relief within the hour. granted it was my first visit, i look forward to my future visits.
 greg flagstaddecember 19, 2022 testimonialshear from our happy clients these are just a handful of testimonials from people who have benefitted from dr. paul j. marsh’s expert advice and services.
just wanted to say thank you so much the incredible friendly service. thank you dr marsh thanks again for helping me through my hard time and dealing with this therapy… thanks again jonah ahumadanovember 24, 2021 
this was my 1st visit.  dr. marsh took time to learn of past issues and explained what was happening with my right shoulder before performing an adjustment.  i appreciated the care he took on this visit. sherry donahuenovember 14, 2023 
dr marsh us very knowledgeable, professional, & caring with state of the art equipment to help you reach your healthcare goals! would highly recommend dr marsh. a wonderful person too! elizabeth hughesnovember 16, 2023   address & info:

 5005 texas st #301, san diego ca 92108, united states
 +16192991993
 *protected email*
get in touchplease enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *firstlastemail *comment or message *send message5005 texas st #301,
san diego ca 92108,
united states+16192991993
*protected email*connect with dr. paul j. marshphysical therapy affiliate
we now have acupuntureprivacy policylinks home about pay invoice contact
2022 © all rights reserved by dr. paul j. marsh.
the site cannot and does not contain medical/health advice. the medical/health information is provided for general informational and educational purposes only and is not a substitute for professional advice. accordingly, before taking any actions based upon such information, we encourage you to consult with the appropriate professionals. we do not provide any kind of medical/health advice. the use or reliance of any information contained on this site is solely at your own risk.by continuing to browse this site, you agree to our use of cookies. i understand
                                             

