






web design pasadena, website design la, ca, , wordpress, programming - citycenter co.




























home
who we are

testimonials


what we do

website design
website re-design

anne apra events


self-maintained websites
wordpress security, update & backup service
mobile ready websites
programming
collaboration


portfolio

more client sites


tips

blogging
cms – content management system
internet basics
online marketing
quickbits
seo – search engine optimization
web 101
website improvement


contact us

request a quote
subscribe to our newsletter


 


select page


  
 
 














website designfor business and non-profits
find out more...











citycenter co. is a pasadena, ca based website design and development firm with the majority of our clients in the greater los angeles area. we design websites for businesses of all sizes and descriptions – such as ohr energy, clarion construction, fedde furniture and the pasadena ice skating center. see some of our recent work on our portfolio page».
if you are looking for savvy design and programming professionals who understand how to integrate sound business basics with the very latest internet technologies, citycenter is the right website design and development firm for you.








website design





responsive web design





website redesign







self-maintained websites






wordpress security service







collaboration















is it ok to use this image?

congratulations! you've found the exact picture to use on your website. it is the perfect representation of what your post, or page is about. now comes the big question, is it... 
read more » 








quickbits: safe and seen

you’re certainly familiar with the “security lock” that shows up in your browser’s address bar. if the lock is green it signifies that the information you get from the website... 
read more » 








quickbits: it’s brutal out there

if you keep hitting at something long enough and hard enough you will eventually knock it down. that was a military tactic in the middle ages when they used battering rams to... 
read more » 








why secure your website?

good question. wordpress consistently updates its basic code to protect against hackers, so why do you need more than that. first, wordpress updates come about because someone... 
read more » 











get a free consultationneed a new website? problems with your current site? your current designer?want some professional help?call 626.449.0100
we'll call you! »



 








get a free consultationneed a new website?
problems with your current site? 
your current designer?
want some professional help?
call 626.449.0100 or 

citycenter co. 225 s. lake ave., ste. 300
pasadena, ca  91101
(626) 449-0100

sales@citycent.com
contact form



recent posts


is it ok to use this image?


quickbits: safe and seen


quickbits: it’s brutal out there


why secure your website?


happy new year from the gang at citycenter co.


subscribe to our newsletter



















subscribe!






for your security you will receive an email to verify your subscription.




 






facebook




rss



© citycenter co. 
 

 
 
 



















