




ats home page







       
   
 
  






new qhy minicam8
datasheet here

integrated and affordable 
  siihaoiiilrgb cfw/mono package
  introductory price *around $a1450 inc gst
(*may vary without notice due $aud to $usd
  offer ends late december 2024
  ) 

call or email


new! sbig alluma ac455 

the sony imx455 is now available with
  
  legendary sbig quality, performance and reliability!
* two stage -35 degree delta t cooling
  * 0.1 degree
  set-temperatrure for ultra precise dark field calibration
  *10 gigabit-per-second ethernet interface   utilizing sfp+ optical fibre
  *sbig i2c aux port with integrated filter, guider and adaptive optics support.
  *full frame 61 megapixel download in a fraction of a second
datasheet download
$a price circa $17,500 inc gst. 
(will vary with $aud to $usd)
available on 4-6 week order cycle   email

ats are suppliers of premium astronomical telescopes,
  precision equatorial mounts, satellite tracking capable alt-az mounts,
  professional quality ccd & cmos 
imaging cameras, 
fully robotic 
astronomical observatories and domes. 

we have unrivalled experience in the supply, installation, 
  plus 
  on-going maintenance 
of complete
astronomical observatories for schools and colleges.

all of our brands are built to a specifiction, rather than a price. 
  many of our product lines are handed-down from one
  generation to the next: instruments that will
  perform research, educate and be enjoyed for many years to come.

postal address:
po box 345 menai central nsw 2234

australia 
telephone
  (02) 9541 1676 or   
  email 



 advanced telescope supplies : the 
        ccd imaging equipment experts 


servicing the 
            australian astronomy community for over 30 years
specializing only in 
            high quality 
            brands proven to deliver award winning and cutting edge optical and mechanical performance
expert ccd advice, sales and 
            support (our staff and management  hold science degrees)
usa factory trained 
            technical staff 
local servicing and spares for 
            all losmandy mounts: no expensive return shipping to the usa
prompt e-mail technical 
            support
consulting service available for robotic observatory projects.

 links to some of our more prominent customers can be found  here


 
 

research class astronomical observatory instrumentation

new alluna rc24az5000
research grade 24 inch aperture rc with 
    cassegrain focus and optional imp (instrument multi port)
 in addition to the main camera, two additional instruments, 
 spectrometers or video cameras, can be connected.
prices start at around $a300,000.00 complete rc24az5000 systems
ideal as a turn-key solution to large aperture, rapid slewing 
  multiple data collection and leo object imaging programs.

the alluna ritchey chretien range (below) is available from 16 to 24 inch apertures

 
we are pleased to be australia's exclusive distrubutor of these fine research grade instruments
alluna optics of germany make a range of observatory class telescopes including 
    closed tube carbon tube rc-systems 
  ruggedized telescopes that are dust and water resistant.

  alluna's secondary focuser allows instrument loads of up to 50kg
 deep i/r or u/v capable optics, with as low as 5 micron spot sizes over a 60mm field.
these are no-compromise systems designed for research,  astro-imaging and remote telescope/robotic use. 
optional features include: zerodur optics, dedicated field flatteners and reducers (f6.0) 
robotic primary mirror covers, instrument rotators & secondary dew heaters.
prices start at around $a50,000 
please call or email for details
 






advanced telescope supplies are also fully authorised 
              planewave instruments distrubutors in australia.



offering an excellent price/performance ratio, planewave instruments are the large aperture
              observatory and imaging intrument of choice for many institutions 
              and leading astrophotographers  
              around the world. 

              each instrument is made to order with delivery times typically of 6-9 months.
            we do not offer "point and click"  pricing.

              instead our pricing 
              is identical to planewave usa factory pricing
              
            ( converted to $aud, plus shipping, insurance and australian taxes )
            
            rather than hedge on the $a, we ensure the most competitive foreign exchange rate 
            on your carefully considered purchase.              as australia's most awarded premium instrument dealer we can offer expert local support
              for your planewave investment with no time-zone hassles (e.g. fitting in with usa business hours)
            please call or email for $a pricing and delivery times
              on planewave instruments.
            

 
 



sbig aluma ac2020bsi

extreme sensitivity back-illuminated scientific cmos camera. 
4-megapixel sensor with 6.5-micron pixels, adaptive optics capable, starchaser guider compatible.
sbig aluma ac2020bsi features a class 1 sensor.  $a12400 inc gst 
(price may vary with $a to $usd)

please call or email to discuss your next high performance sbig ccd imaging system.

qhy600-m: next generation imaging


35mm full frame back illuminated sony sensor
61.17 megapixels   (9576x 6388 pixel array)
peak qe 87%. h-alpha qe 74% 
1.0e- to 3.7e- read noise.
nil amp glow 
bundle off-axis guider + filter wheel  discount pricing available . 
please call for more details/orders or email
 






factory
        authorized australian agents
        for     


  sbig    
        *scientific grade ccd's and autoguiders
losmandy        *precision 
        german equatorial mounts
astro-physics *legendary quality mounts and accessories. 
 planewave instruments large aperture observatory class systems
william optics      *high 
        quality refractors and accessories
software bisque   *research 
        grade robotic mounts, observatory software
paramount mx me and taurus   
        *software bisque's robotic observatory class mountings
qhy ccd affordable next generation cmos imaging
 




ats is australia's most awarded and experienced astro-ccd supplier and have been
  working with ccd autoguiders and imaging systems since 1989. 
 
sbig ao-x
 

sbig's integrated-system approach to precision guiding is what sets sbig ccd's apart from *every* other ccd manufacturer
capture fainter, smaller stars with higher resolution.
             typical 1 hz guiding 
  10hz guiding with sbig ao
 

paramount myt, mx+, meii, taurus

we know paramounts because we use and locally service paramounts
our low overheads allow very competitive pricing. 
pmx+ $a16750 inc gst (subject to change with $a to $usd)
found a better price? 
ats will  price-match any 
authorised australian paramount distributor's pricing just call or email.
 


 
 
new sbig ccd cleaning service

official australian distributors for:  




















 
 




               




 
   
 

new to astronomy equipment & don't know where to start? try the easy 
    
    links in the table below:







astronomy
        interest
description


visual
        observing 

simply looking up at the night 
      sky with the naked eye or through a pair of binoculars or telescope.


astrophotography

for
        those who want a more permanent record of the night sky, attaching a
        camera to a tripod or telescope can reveal many celestial delights.


ccd
        imaging

using
        a ccd detector and computer to take digital images of the sky.


photometry

precisely
        measure the brightness of a celestial object to obtain meaningful
        scientific data


astrometry

precisely
        measure the position of an object and/or determine its orbit.


remote
        observing

use
          a telescope system via a computer network or the internet


solar
        observing

observe
        sunspots, solar flares and prominence details.








above: ccd images taken from
  suburban sydney. you no longer have to travel for hours to get impressive deep
  sky images.  please have a look around and discover how to be a part of
  the ccd astronomy revolution now!
interested in ccd's?  before you 
  go anywhere on this web site go here 
 






 






please note: due to our high volume 
        of  spam,  

we accept plain text e-mail only  

html e-mail will be automatically deleted

please follow the links below  to the
  product lines we sell (or recommend) that will allow you to undertake the
  astronomy related activities listed.  
for technical tips, please see our help
    page 
 
 
   



