
































































buffalo news | breaking news | read the latest buffalo, ny, and erie county news from the buffalo news. get headlines on local weather, entertainment, and events.






















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















27°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



police & courts



business



politics



state & regional



history



national & world



news tip



photo galleries




obituaries


featured obituaries



in memoriam



celebration of life



share a story



find an obituary




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorial



guest/columnists



zyglis cartoons




sports


bills



sabres



high school



college



bisons & baseball



outdoors



betting




gusto


event calendar



food & drink



music



movies & tv



arts & theatre



contests



comics



puzzles



play



podcasts




lifestyles


announcements



parenting



health



get healthy



home & garden



travel



fashion



pets



faith




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



[bn] ads



e-edition archives




special sections


buffalo magazine



[bn] home



wellness wny



best of 716



destination education



wny nurses



wny weddings



sponsored content



buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



marketplace



public notices



pets place



contests



the buffalo news store



shop local




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


activate



manage subscription



newsletters



subscribe now



contact us



deliver us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





youtube








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

podcasts

gusto

lifestyles

business

public notices

jobs









27°
snow
























        
        
            looking for something you missed? here are local stories published the past 24 hours

here are the stories our newsroom published during the past 24 hours.

















        
        
            wny employers boosted pay for direct support staff. now the applications are pouring in

a state funding change means many direct support professionals can now expect to make anywhere from $19 to $27 an hour for work that previously paid barely above minimum wage.

















        
        
            what is the next move for kensington expressway tunnel project?

advocates say the hold is an opportunity to consider alternatives, including ripping out the expressway completely. but there are plenty of others who say the community has been waiting too long, and the time for talking has passed.

















        
        
            biden granted clemency to a dozen wnyers. questions linger over who was – and wasn't – picked

at least a dozen offenders from western new york had their prison sentences reduced anywhere from three to 11 years under grants of clemency – but not everyone was so fortunate.

















        
        
            sabres roundtable: which position or player should gm kevyn adams acquire?

how should the sabres approach the nhl's march 7 deadline? lance lysowski and mike harrington answer that question, as well as a few others, in this roundtable.

















        
        
            erie county real estate transactions

see who is buying and selling properties – and for how much – in our weekly listing of deals. 

















        
        
            tariffs are paused, but could trump's rhetoric keep canadian shoppers away?

after president trump's tariff talk earlier this month – talk that ramped up this week to include steel import tariffs that would heavily affect canada – sentiment among some of our neighbors to the north has gone south.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            erie county real estate transactions


















        
        
            bills mailbag: what to make of james cook's contract request


















        
        
            sabres roundtable: which position or player should gm kevyn adams acquire?















                
                the latest



















        
        
            #everydayaphoto 2025

we all know that western new york is an amazing place – its diverse weather, beautiful resources and wonderful people. every day, buffalo news photographers continue to bring you an image that reflects that wonder. our challenge is to look at things differently, to remind us all to take the …




















        
        
            arrest made in connection with rape in buffalo

laquan freeman, 29, of buffalo, has been charged two counts of first-degree rape, first-degree and third-degree criminal sexual act, and two counts of endangering the welfare of a child in connection with a rape that occurred in a  donovan drive apartment in march 2023.




















        
        
            four years after arrest, killer of woman in car in mlk park pleads guilty

nearly four years after being arrested in the killing an 18-year-old woman in a car in martin luther king jr. park, mushagdusa r. nankumba, 22, of buffalo, pleaded guilty friday in erie county court to one count of first-degree manslaughter.




















        
        
            patrick overdorf in line to become buffalo police's deputy commissioner

acting buffalo police commissioner alphonso wright has selected buffalo police inspector patrick overdorf to become the department’s next deputy commissioner – the department's second-in-command position.













                
                business
                
                    


















        
        
            sopark circuit board



















        
        
            what's happening in buffalo niagara business in the coming week?



















        
        
            noco establishes plumbing division after buying eden firm



















        
        
            saint-gobain plans expansion in wheatfield with ncida tax breaks




















                
                latest video




















        
        
            mindy cervoni on wage increase for direct support professionals




















        
        
            calvin pettiway on moving on with his life after his acquittal in trial




















        
        
            niagara-wheatfield's gabriella barone on her section vi girls wrestling title win




















        
        
            chautauqua lake's noli paddock  on her section vi girls wrestling title win












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            ub athletics ends 2023-24 fiscal year in black, even with drop in ticket sales, rise in scholarship aid

the university at buffalo athletic department finished the 2023-24 fiscal year in the black, according to ncaa financial filings obtained by the buffalo news.





















        
        
            photos: mst boys basketball defeats south park

mst boys basketball defeated south park, 63-53, on saturday. here are photos from the game. 





















        
        
            niagara-wheatfield's gabriella barone on her section vi girls wrestling title win

niagara-wheatfield wrestler gabriella barone talks to the buffalo news after winning the section vi 114-pound girls wrestling championship. 





















        
        
            chautauqua lake's noli paddock  on her section vi girls wrestling title win

chautauqua lake wrestler noli paddock talks to the buffalo news after winning the section vi 132-pound girls wrestling championship. 














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            winter sowing in upcycled containers creates stronger seedlings in spring

many people start seeds indoors in late winter to have seedlings ready to plant in spring. but what about starting them outdoors, despite the cold?




















        
        
            movie review: 'heart eyes' tries for laughs but ...

franchise first, concept second. that’s the thinking behind “heart eyes.”




















        
        
            goodyear blimp at 100: from ronald reagan to ice cube, 'floating piece of americana' still thriving

at 100 years old, the goodyear blimp is an ageless star in the sky. 

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









contributor








        
        
            left coast: one of the most sought-after cannabis brands in buffalo

provided content. left coast has emerged and is considered to be one of the most sought-after cannabis brands in the city of buffalo area. 












sponsored








        
        
            salon and tattoo shop in downtown buffalo celebrates locals’ individuality

content by oak & iron. for the last five years, oak & iron on franklin street in downtown buffalo has been serving residents looking to express their individuality.












contributor








        
        
            running out of gift ideas for the mom who has it all? check out these wellness essentials!

contributor content. from skincare to supplements, these gift options are designed to pamper the mom who has it all and bring a little extra luxury to her life.












sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.
















                
                lifestyle
                
                    


















        
        
            10 can't-miss places to visit in the winter



















        
        
            what people eat around the world on valentine's day



















        
        
            certified pre-owned vs. used: edmunds explains which is better



















        
        
            here are some goods in the crosshairs of trump's tariffs on mexico, canada and china












                
                opinion
                
                    


















        
        
            the editorial board: bill to improve buffalo's paratransit service deserves consideration



















        
        
            another voice: child sex abuse survivors can look downstate for hope



















        
        
            my view: commercials today pale in comparison with the classics



















        
        
            another voice: an appeal for help from catholic charities












                
                nation & world
                
                    


















        
        
            after meeting with trump, jordan's king says his country opposes displacing palestinians in gaza



















        
        
            russia claims it's taken another eastern ukraine town. kyiv officials make no comment



















        
        
            fast fashion, laptops and toys are likely to cost more due to us tariffs on chinese imports



















        
        
            china counters with tariffs on us products. it will also investigate google.











                
                interact with us


















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 












                
                listen now podcasts



















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.













                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 




























                
                shop local spotlights
                
            
















        
        
            handmade gifts under $50



            buffalo magazine
        


















        
        
            snail mail, but make it cool



            buffalo magazine
        


















        
        
            4 books to gift by buffalo-based authors



            buffalo magazine
        










                
                newsletter
                
            













email




        
        
            sign up for newsletters from the buffalo news




convenient updates to your inbox on daily headlines with good morning, buffalo, plus breaking news, local sports and food and drink. 



























×
















facebook





twitter





youtube









sites & partners


buffalo job finder

bn home

[bn] ads

buffalo magazine

wny weddings

classifieds

the buffalo news store

get healthy




services


activate

manage subscription

advertise with us

work here

contests

newsletters

contact us

become a carrier

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        the buffalo news, 726 exchange st. buffalo, ny 14210
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe

























