










tehillim today - psalms that speak to you by yitzchok leib bell | english





























































skip to content





                            ☰
                        


home
reviews
purchase
download
sponsor
contact

 











                        rediscover tehillim as your intimate conversation with god
                    

                    see tehillim anew. yitzchok leib bell has dedicated many years
                    to provide you with a unique insight into the book of psalms. order a copy of his 
                    contemporary tehillim translation today to embark on an empowering and eye-opening journey.
                    



































click to purchase your copyclick to view sample pagesdownload ten tehillim selected for these times




psalms that speak to you
— a unique, exquisite presentation of tehillim.
this pioneering book combines the hebrew text with a contemporary, clear and meaningful english translation.
given the poetic original biblical hebrew and its conventional translations, many of us have found it difficult to connect with the inspirational messages of tehillim’s unique words.
that is, until now.
with its specially designed at-a-glance format, psalms that speak to you brings us the ideal words of tehillim to respond to what happens in our lives.
weaving traditional jewish commentaries on tehillim — including rashi and radak — into the translation, this book has been heralded as groundbreaking by rabbonim in the usa, uk and israel.
psalms that speak to you adds a deeply moving dimension to our saying of tehillim, so that we can experience them with clarity and understanding — perhaps for the first time.
psalms that speak to you – your personal tehillim.





interlinear edition
the softback interlinear edition features a unique phrase-by-phrase presentation. the hebrew text of tehillim is joined with the flowing, modern english translation that has proven so popular in the regular hardback edition.
click to purchase your copyclick to view sample pages





about tehillim today



tehillim today is dedicated to make the tehillim experience accessible to people throughout the world.
the hebrew/english psalms that speak to you is at the forefront of an international program and will be followed by translations into the
major languages of the world.
many people make the saying of tehillim a regular part of their schedule. indeed, there is a tradition of dividing the book of tehillim into daily and weekly portions, as well as the practice of reciting specific psalms for the relevant dates of the hebrew calendar.
whether you are drawn to one of these beautiful customs or prefer to find a timely chapter for the mood or situation you are in, tehillim provides a true connection to the almighty, as well as encouragement and solace.


about yitzchok leib bell



yitzchok leib bell is a popular teacher, writer and counselor living in jerusalem. assisted by expert scholars and graphic designers, yitzchok has devoted many years to his quest to successfully craft a clear, user friendly translation that enables our generation to relate to tehillim with understanding and meaning.
yitzchok’s previous works include between me and you – heartfelt prayers for each jewish woman – adapted from the prayers of rabbi noson sternhartz.


background music courtesy of  yosef karduner


















×
tehillim sample pages





































close











                            follow us on social media
                        














contact us: email: ylbell@tehillimtoday.com
                        tel: ++972 (0)53 623 6379 (israel) ++44 (0)20 8209 3889 (uk)
                    














