








home page - greenspirit
















































 


skip to content




newsletter signup
join usmembers login 


search for:








go to...about usabout usgreen spiritualitygreenspirit council +historyeco faith traditionsfacebook groupsubscriptionsjoin usjoin us (from outside the uk)re-subscriptionsgift subscriptiondonatelegaciesgreenspirit logosmagazinemagazinemagazine – buymagazine – publications teammagazine – contributemagazine – past articlesmagazine – historymagazine – podcastsmagazine – out and aboutpublicationspublicationsbookssummarysignificant titlessignificant titlesgreenspirit: path to a new consciousnessthe universe story in science and mythmeditations with thomas berrygreenspirit book seriesother titlesbooks that helpedgs: path to a new consciousnessgreenspirit book seriesbook reviewscalendarnews and reflectionsgreen action toolkitgrow your ownnewsletterpublications teameventseventsspring walking retreat 2025local groupsand also…and also…celebrations through the yearresourceslinksget involvedtalksgreenspirit mugcontact us 


search for:









 





home pageianmowll882025-02-13t09:41:41+00:00 
we are a network of people who practise loving our living planet.
greenspirit summer 2024 magazine

green lifestyles
the magazine is free if you join greenspirit. to find out more about the magazine and to buy your individual copy, go to:
https://www.greenspirit.org.uk/magazine/
article: history of greenspirit magazine
greenspirit 2025 walking retreat
meanders and stepping stones, walking in the dove valley
27th – 30th may 2025
near dovedale in the peak district

the greenspirit spring walking retreat will take place from 27th to 30th may 2025. we will be staying at ilam hall youth hostel in derbyshire. situated in the peak district national park, yha ilam hall is a refurbished gothic mansion, set within 84 acres of national trust parkland with the beauty of dovedale just on its doorstep. we have a leisure room for our exclusive use, sleeping accommodation will be shared (with members of our own group).
tap here for full details.

for over 25 years greenspirit magazine (known originally as the greenspirit journal) has included a variety of green and eco-spiritual articles and poems, touching on an array of essential topics relevant for our times. current issues include additional features such as reviews, vegan recipes, good green news, grow your own, and books in brief.
since 2020, greenspirit magazine has been printed in full-colour throughout by anglia print, who use environmentally friendly chemicals, ink and energy saving methods for printing, and are fsc certified.
for more information about the greenspirit magazine, tap here.
greenspirit in person events

greenspirit 2025 snowdonia retreat
23rd – 28th august 2025
greenspirit 2025 annual gathering
31st october – 2nd november 2025
near radstock, somerset
more details of these events in due course.
greenspirit calendar 2025: living with the seasons


the greenspirit calendar 2025: living with the seasons is now available for sale. click here to find out how to buy your copy. greenspirit members will be sent their free copy of the calendar. click here to join greenspirit.
spring equinox celebration – online
monday 24th march 2025  19:00 – 20:15

the spring equinox, or ostara, is also called the vernal equinox and has long been celebrated as a time of renewal and rebirth. we celebrate the renewed life of the earth that comes with the spring. it is a solar festival, when the length of the day and the night are equal. maybe bring some thing that epitomises spring for you, and wear bright colours if you wish.
see the facebook post or the february newsletter for full details.

the varieties of earth-centred practices: eight green ways
edited by santoshan (stephen wollaston)


the varieties of earth-centred practices covers eight interconnected key areas of earth-centred wisdom: the way of simplicity, the way of storytelling, the way of creativity, the way of rambling, the way of gardening, the way of contemplation, the way of community, and the way of activism. authors for each chapter write on and share their understanding of topics they are especially passionate about.
tap here for more details of this book and how to buy it.

video: the spirit of february – purification, transition and change


enter into the experience and meaning of february through this short, meditative video. click on this link to watch the video:
www.youtube.com/watch?v=h4qos7s_jho

this is part of a series exploring the months and celtic celebrations throughout the year.

please like and subscribe if you’d like to see more:
www.youtube.com/user/greenspiring
see a page with all of the celebrations through the year here:
https://www.greenspirit.org.uk/celebrations-through-the-year/

join us

including the magazine, greenspirit calendar: living with the seasons, greenspirit members email list, free ebooks and many other advantages.
£24 per annum or £12 for internet (paperless) subscribers or concessionary rate. to find out more, go to:
www.greenspirit.org.uk/join-us/
latest news

the february 2025 newsletter is out.
___________
the greenspirit facebook page now has 2,500 followers.

___________
quotations from greenspirit books

“greenspirit: path to a new consciousness” book (2-page pdf)
low-cost greenspirit book series (3-page pdf)
news and reflections

book (fiction) – orbital – review
‘in the silence of solace, a green spiritual journey’ by leah black
app – all trails – review
festival – buddhafield – review
book (fiction) – any human power – review
a visit to kew gardens – review
film – wilding – review
virtual reality – life chronicles – review
documentary – teilhard: visionary scientist – review
art exhibition – artists and disability – review
book reviews
 
‘the great search: turning to earth and soul in the quest for healing and home’ by john philip newell
this is a wonderful book about earth based spirituality, written by an author who has been involved in mainstream religion (christianity) for many years but is now branching out and away from the restrictions of tradition towards green spirituality. 
‘wild mind, wild heart: discover your true self in nature’ by peter wohl
in this book, peter wohl explores eco-spirituality and details his personal spiritual journey.

greenspirit is part of a wider green/eco-spirituality, and earth-based, gaia-centred movement, linking people across the planet.




 
 

    
    
quick links:
sign up for the newsletter
book reviews
make a donation
facebook:
main page
magazine
book series
rivers of green wisdom
facebook:
publications and book reviews
greenspirit: path to a new consciousness
meditations with thomas berry
~ greenspirit: england and wales registered charity number 1045532 ~
~ copyright © greenspirit. all rights reserved ~


 
 
page load link










go to top




