  home - st. luke church | lexington, ky            
skip to content










new hereaboutabout st. lukeour stafffrequently asked questionsconnectannouncementseventsnext stepsemail sign-upyouth & kids (next gen)classes & groupsmom’s day outserve and volunteerstephen ministrygod’s pantryworshipsundays at st. luketeachingslive stream



search


give


login


new hereaboutabout st. lukeour stafffrequently asked questionsconnectannouncementseventsnext stepsemail sign-upyouth & kids (next gen)classes & groupsmom’s day outserve and volunteerstephen ministrygod’s pantryworshipsundays at st. luketeachingslive stream



search


give


login to ccb






welcome to st. luke
passionate about jesus. committed to people.

join us on sunday



view services & teachings

sunday service times: 8:20am traditional (in-person only), 9:30am contemporary, 11:00am traditional, 1:00pm swahili language
welcome to st. lukewe're excited to meet you! we know that life isn't always easy nor does it come with a navigation map. we're here to walk alongside of you to help point you towards hope, healing, and wholeness through a transformed life in jesus christ!
we’re so glad you’ve decided to join us! please click here to get started:

plan your visit


learn more

current teaching series






learn more


view previous teachings

latest news & announcements




trivia & chili cook-off night!													sunday, february 16, 2025 at 6:30pm in the gym get ready for a night of fun, food, and friendly competition! whether you’re a trivia master, a chili connoisseur, or both,…
learn more about trivia & chili cook-off night!




mission trip to tennessee: march 10-14													st. luke is organizing a disaster relief mission trip from march 10-14 to assist with hurricane recovery in mountain city, tn. the work trips are carefully planned to match participants’…
learn more about mission trip to tennessee: march 10-14






blue barrel sunday is february 16													next sunday, february 16, is blue barrel sunday! so, this coming sunday, grab a blue bag and bring it back the next sunday filled with donations for our food pantry.…
learn more about blue barrel sunday is february 16






spring youth retreat at cedarmore													students in grades 6-12 are invited to an unforgettable weekend at cedarmore retreat center! this two-night retreat will focus on upside down kingdom, exploring the sermon on the mount and…
learn more about spring youth retreat at cedarmore

view more announcements

sundays at st. lukewe have a variety of worship services, both in-person and live-streamed across multiple online platforms.

learn more

our locationwe can't wait to see you!we are located at 2351 alumni drive, lexington, ky 40517our office hours are monday–thursday, 9am – 3pm

contact us
sign up for updates from st. lukereceive weekly "infoline" emails with latest happenings from the church!
!
!

subscribe
something went wrong. please check your entries and try again.





connect with us





















send us a message






email us





















location


office hoursmon. - thurs., 9am-3pm


2351 alumni drive,lexington, ky 40517





859-269-4687 
services8:20 a.m. traditional, in-person
9:30 a.m.   contemporary, in-person and online
11:00 a.m. traditional, in-person and online
1:00 p.m. swahili language service, in-person and online
find out moreabout st. lukecontact useventsfrequently asked questionsgivei’m newemail signupnext stepsour staffteachings

search			



search

ministriesserve and volunteerclasses & groupsgod’s pantryyouth and kidssubmit a prayer requestmom’s day out© 2025 st. luke church | lexington, ky          





