

tom barnhart - breeder, exhibitor and judge of pigeons







about us
 - our history
    - our lofts
    - sale birds
    - what's new
our breeds
 - racing homers
    - dragoons
    - fantails
    - parlor rollers
    - danish suabians 
for sale
	- sale birds 
genetics
 - colorscurrent projects 
race results
 - frpc 
    results
    - wcof results

hot links
 - veterinarians' 
      position
	  - matt's page
      - pigeonelite.com
      - ron 
      huntley's page
      - frank 
      mosca's page
      - npa
      - arpu
      - fancy & racing links
      - ectopistes migratorius
 
 



 











    home




 
 


 

	
      welcome! the material in these pages is presented for your enjoyment as 
      well as to inform. i am an educator by profession, and the purpose of this 
      page and all the associated links is to educate, both the pigeon fancier 
      and the non-fancier. so i hope you have a pleasant time visiting this page 
      and all the linked sites; and i hope that when you leave you will be more 
      knowledgeable regarding the species, columba livia, than you were prior 
      to your visit. enjoy! 


 	
      i am a member of the american 
      racing pigeon union, the west central 
      ohio flyers, the findlay (oh) racing 
      pigeon club, the national 
      pigeon association, the american giant homer association and the american 
      dragoon club. i am a charter member of the american 
      german beauty homer club. i am a former member of the fremont pigeon 
      club, the rare breeds 
      pigeon club, and the american frillback club. i have judged pigeon shows 
      throughout the eastern half of the united states, and i still accept judging 
      assignments on occasion, both as an all-breeds 
      judge and a judge of some specialty club meets. some of the venues where 
      i have judged pigeon shows include the npa nationals in birmingham, alabama 
      and detroit, michigan; the national young bird show in louisville, kentucky; 
      the kentucky state fair; indiana state fair; york, pennsylvania; bay city, 
      detroit, and holland, michigan; hammond, indianapolis, muncie and hartford 
      city in indiana; tulsa, oklahoma; fremont, cincinnati, and akron, ohio; 
      as well as several county fairs in ohio and indiana. in 2009 i took a year 
      off from judging, but i served as the all-breeds judge at the fremont fancy 
      pigeon show in january of 2010 and also judged the september 2013 young 
      bird show. in june, 2011, i was recognized as a racing homer show judge 
      certified 
      by the american racing pigeon union. some of the individual 
      breed meets that i have judged in the past include racing homers, american 
      show racers, dragoons, pouters, german beauty homers, frillbacks, and giant 
      homers, as well as certain of the rare breeds. in 2016 and again in 2017 
      i was the sole judge of the american giant homers at the national young 
      bird show in louisville, ky, and in december of 2017 i was one of the judges 
      at the inaugural "top of ohio" pigeon show in bellefontaine, ohio, 
      followed by an assignment as the all-breeds judge at the fremont, ohio, 
      pigeon show in january of 2018. for the 2019 show season i judged the racing 
      homers at the national young bird show in louisville, plus a federation 
      racing homer show in akron, ohio in november and workws as a general judge 
      at the 2nd annual "top of ohio" show in bellefontaine, ohio in 
      december. due to the covid-19 outbreak i turned down all judging assignments 
      in 2020. and it turned out that most of the shows in 2020 were cancelled 
      anyway.


	
      i am above all a hobbyist, not a dealer. i keep pigeons because of my love 
      of the species for their beauty and in the case of racing homers for their 
      athleticism and intelligence, and also because of my interest in genetics, 
      particularly color genetics. does this mean i do not sell pigeons? no. i 
      do sell surplus birds on occasion, but i am not in it for the money (although 
      an occasional sale certainly does help cover the feed bill). i sell my surplus 
      at prices other hobbyists can afford. (click here 
      to see what i do have available at this time.) i also on occasion supply 
      "white doves" (actually white homing pigeons) for use at weddings 
      and other special occasions in the area. i also supply my daughter with 
      whites for her wedding-release 
      business, which supplies releases in the central and nw ohio regions. 
      our whites, however, are top quality racing pigeons, not just white birds 
      kept for special events, and they must fly with the rest of the race team 
      in order to earn a spot in my loft. several of our whites have won races 
      and other diplomas for us. 
	
      in june of 2009 i retired after 41 years as a high school mathematics teacher, 
      the last 39 of which were spent at lima (oh) central catholic high school 
      as teacher, department head, and resident curmudgeon. i continued working 
      part time as an instructor in mathematics and statistics at ohio northern 
      university in ada, ohio, until retiring again in december 2019. 
 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 website design






webmaster|| 
        barnhart & son lofts © 2018 ||e-mail 
        tom|







 
 

bookmark 
        us! www.barnhartlofts.com



check 
        back often for updated news & information

 
 
 
 
 
 
 


proud 
            members of









 

