


future imperative








.comment-link {margin-left:.6em;}





















	               future imperative
	               
what if technology were being developed that could enhance your mind or body to extraordinary or even superhuman levels -- and some of these tools were already here? wouldn't you be curious?

actually, some are here. but human enhancement is an incredibly broad and compartmentalized field. we’re often unaware of what’s right next door. this site reviews resources and ideas from across the field and makes it easy for readers to find exactly the information they're most interested in.



about me

name:  ralph cerchione 

the future is coming fast, and it's no longer possible to ignore how rapidly the world is changing. as the old order changes -- or more frequently crumbles altogether -- i offer a perspective on how we can transform ourselves in turn... for the better.

nothing on this site is intended as legal, financial or medical advice. indeed, much of what i discuss amounts to possibilities rather than certainties, in an ever-changing present and an ever-uncertain future.
view my complete profile










curing alzheimer’s, parkinson's  and aids… or a fu...
curing all cancers, or... a bit of wild speculation
automating everything - why the revolution? (paten...
automating everything - the rollout or the disney ...
automating everything - the basic delivery in deta...
automating everything - self-repair – the ghost in...
automating everything - remote manufacturing – the...
automating everything - extreme environments and s...
automating everything - cyber-defense and counteri...
automating everything - disaster management and me...





2005-03-13
2005-03-20
2005-03-27
2005-04-03
2005-04-10
2005-04-17
2005-04-24
2005-05-01
2005-05-08
2005-05-15
2005-05-22
2005-06-05
2005-06-19
2005-06-26
2005-07-03
2005-07-17
2005-07-24
2005-08-07
2005-08-21
2005-08-28
2005-09-25
2005-10-09
2005-10-16
2005-10-23
2005-10-30
2005-11-06
2005-11-13
2005-11-20
2005-11-27
2005-12-04
2005-12-11
2005-12-18
2005-12-25
2006-01-08
2006-01-15
2006-01-22
2006-01-29
2006-02-05
2006-02-26
2006-03-05
2006-03-19
2006-04-02
2006-04-09
2006-04-16
2006-04-23
2006-04-30
2006-05-07
2006-05-14
2006-05-21
2006-05-28
2006-06-04
2006-06-18
2006-06-25
2006-07-09
2006-08-20
2006-09-03
2006-09-10
2006-09-17
2006-09-24
2006-10-01
2006-11-05
2006-11-12
2006-11-19
2006-12-10
2006-12-17
2006-12-24
2007-01-14
2007-02-04
2007-03-04
2007-03-25
2007-04-22
2007-05-13
2007-05-27
2007-06-24
2007-07-01
2007-09-09
2007-09-16
2007-10-07
2007-10-28
2007-11-04
2007-11-18
2007-12-09
2007-12-16
2008-01-06
2008-05-18
2008-06-08
2008-09-14
2008-11-09
2011-02-06
2011-02-13
2011-02-27
2011-03-06
2011-03-13
2011-03-20
2011-03-27
2011-04-03
2011-04-10
2011-04-24
2011-05-08
2011-05-22
2011-06-05
2011-07-03
2011-07-17
2016-06-12
2016-06-19
2016-06-26

links

future imperative site feed
websites relevant to human enhancement & empowered humans
winwenger.com (an incredible resource on enhancing skills and intelligence)
make.com (diy technology)
instructables.com (more diy technology)
discussion groups relevant to human enhancement
the imagestream group on yahoo (dr. wenger frequently posts here)
blogs relevant to human enhancement
inventing for the sustainable planet -- inventing techniques for a sustainable society
free online books relevant to human enhancement
engines of creation -- popularly written but seminal book on nanotechnology
unbounding the future -- a more recent popularly written book on nanotechnology
frank herbert -- the sf writer's ideas on how to create superhumans
man into superman -- classic text on enhancement, avoid chapter 5 at all costs
the prospect of immortality -- classic text on the case for immortality through cryonics

technorati












tuesday, june 28, 2016



                      	 
                      	 curing alzheimer’s, parkinson's  and aids… or a further bit of wild speculation
	                       
                          






                light
and sound, by augmenting existing therapies or eradicating infections or
conditions outright, may also prove critical in defeating alzheimer’s,
parkinson’s, aids and every other infectious disease on earth besides aids. these
effects may not exactly be a #cancermoonshot, but given the opportunity to
bring them up – and potentially to wipe out over half the major diseases on
earth – we might as well cover all bases. the methods would not be exactly the
same in each case, but there is sufficient overlap between them to warrant
further consideration, especially given the advantages noted in our initial
#cancermoonshot. 

                to
begin, there are frequencies of blue and red light which can kill bacteria,
extremely brief pulses of laser light can destroy viruses, ultrasound can be
tuned to destroy specific pathogens whether viral or bacterial, infrared light
and ultrasound can destroy protein tangles (and ultrasound can ease open the
blood-brain barrier to help sweep them away), near-infrared light can already
help treat parkinson’s and visible and infrared light (not to mention dca,
quercetin and pqq) can reactivate mitochondria. how does all of this help us?

                because,
as with cancer, we may be able to combine these non-traditional and mostly
non-toxic interventions in ways that enhance their potency and compensate for
each other’s limitations. we will get to those enhancements shortly. but first,
let’s review the above techniques.

                so, red
and blue leds
have both been used to kill bacteria. for example, this
study on the impact of blue light on bacterial infection or this one on red light
destroying bacteria through photodynamic action. 

“in a proof-of-concept study, led
by dr. michael r. hamblin of massachusetts general hospital and harvard medical
school, an array of blue leds was used to treat infected burns on lab mice.
more specifically, the blue light was used to selectively eradicate
potentially-lethal pseudomonas aeruginosa bacteria in the animals’ skin
and soft tissues.

“the results of the study were
promising. all of the light-treated mice survived, while 82 percent of the
untreated control group died. additionally, unlike bacteria-killing ultraviolet
light, the blue light wasn’t harmful to the animals’ own cells.”

this technology is probably the
least dramatic option available to us, but is an important place to start. as noted
previously, not only can these lights shine with some limited penetration
through human skin, every endoscopic probe contains a fiber-optic cable,
allowing access into the body’s depths though the respiratory, digestive and
circulatory systems.  

further, if red and blue led lights
can be used to kill bacteria, why not use genetic engineering to create blood cells
with similar properties for temporary transfusion into the body (using optogenetics as an optional trigger)? modifying
organisms to give them bioluminescence is, for better or worse, one of the most
common demonstrations of genetic modification and red blood cells do not
reproduce themselves. such a transfusion could be run through the body
temporarily until replaced by a second transfusion or simply left in place
until the cells were replaced naturally. either way, modified cells would
represent a relatively non-invasive way to wipe out a rampant bacterial
infection.

                but
while eliminating bacteria is useful, it is only the beginning.



                further,
certain frequencies of light have been observed to break up the protein tangles
associated with alzheimer’s. to the extent that countering this symptom helps
in the disease’s overall treatment, it is worth noting. indeed, any symptoms
which can be countered in a safe, non-invasive way may be worth eliminating,
particularly if these interventions prove effective in slowing the pace of the
condition. johns
hopkins came up with a means of killing viruses via laser, albeit one which
is of greater value, at present, for purging blood and other fluids removed
from the body.

“a study by kong-thon tsen of
arizona state university along with researchers at johns hopkins university
shows how strong blasts of visible light from a low-power laser can kill
viruses.”

“the researchers aimed a low-power laser with a pulse lasting 100
femtoseconds (10-13 second) into glass tubes containing saline-diluted viruses
that infect bacteria, also known as bacteriophages.  the amount of
infectious virus within each cube plummeted 100- to 1000-fold after the laser
treatment.”

                granted,
this particular technology would be of greater use at present in purging a
patient’s blood, lymph and/or other bodily fluids, particularly if it were
impractical to simply transfuse uninfected fluids to replace them. however, as
micro-technology improves, including a temporary or permanent stint in a large
blood vessel to deliver these pulses and steadily purge the circulatory system
of viruses might have its own advantages. unfortunately, even given a
non-chemical form of high-density power storage, there limits to how much
concentrated energy we will want to implant in the sensitive tissues of a human
body, and the only means of point-to-point energy transmission likely to emerge
in the near future is not available for public consumption for unrelated safety
issues. still, as a means of augmenting other antiviral procedures, this
technology is worth noting. 

                which
brings us to a more promising method of attacking viral invaders throughout the
body, ultrasound. to
sum up:

“healthy cells and tissue have a
natural frequency within which they resonate. maladies such as viruses,
bacteria, parasites, other infectious agents, and cancerous cells/tissue
generally have different natural resonating frequency ranges compared to
healthy cells and tissue. if a carefully selected level of ultrasound energy
with a carefully selected frequency is delivered to a subject with a malady,
the ultrasound energy has the capability of destroying viruses, bacteria,
parasites, other infectious agents, and cancerous cells/tissue at their
respective resonating frequencies. an advantage is that due to the differences
in the natural resonance ranges, one frequency that disrupts or destroys
viruses, bacteria, parasites, other infectious agents, and cancerous
cells/tissue can leave healthy cells and tissue unharmed.”

                determining
the ideal resonant frequency for destroying a particular target – viral,
bacterial, parasitic, etc – should be a simple matter of testing, and those
frequencies can be recorded to create a library for medical practitioners. this
testing should ultimately be automated to speed the analysis of every major
viral and bacterial infection, though of course still supported with human
oversight. should a particular species change rapidly over time, such as a
typical flu virus, simply extract a sample of the targeted pathogen as
necessary and test destructive frequencies on it again. augmented by other
resources such as existing medications, light-based therapies and so forth, it
should be possible to decimate any normal infection in short order, and potentially
to defeat even extraordinarily resilient viruses such as aids.

                which
brings us to another
application of ultrasound, breaking up beta-amyloid tangles and removing
them from the brain. granted, the degree to which beta-amyloids and tau
proteins are the primary or sole culprit in the deterioration due to
alzheimer’s is an open question, but obviously the team investigating this
method enjoyed positive results from it.

“publishing in science
translational medicine, the team describes the technique as using a particular
type of ultrasound called a focused therapeutic ultrasound, which
non-invasively beams sound waves into the brain tissue. by oscillating
super-fast, these sound waves are able to gently open up the blood-brain
barrier, which is a layer that protects the brain against bacteria, and
stimulate the brain’s microglial cells to activate. microglila cells are
basically waste-removal cells, so they’re able to clear out the toxic
beta-amyloid clumps that are responsible for the worst symptoms of alzheimer’s.

“the team reports fully restoring
the memory function of 75 percent of the mice they tested it on, with zero
damage to the surrounding brain tissue. they found that the treated mice
displayed improved performance in three memory tasks - a maze, a test to get
them to recognise new objects, and one to get them to remember the places they
should avoid.”

                clearly,
if damage has already been done, then eliminating the proximate cause may not
lead to ultimate repair of that injury, though it can help prevent matters from
getting worse. still, we want to examine multiple methods of treatment for both
halting the decline and reversing existing loss of function, memory, etc. 

                with
parkinson’s, there is a question of whether the accumulated lewy bodies found
in deteriorating parts of the brain are a cause of the damage or protective. in
the former case, however, the ability to break down and remove these structures
may prove useful, using the same methods described above for alzheimer’s.
however, there is another
proposal suggesting that red and infrared light - especially near-infrared
light - could have neuroprotective effects on those suffering from parkinson’s
and alzheimer’s by restoring mitochondrial functions in ailing brain cells. 

the linked article is worth reading
in its entirety. but to include some excerpts: “previous studies have used nir to treat tissue stressed by hypoxia, toxic
insult, genetic mutation and mitochondrial dysfunction with much success. here
we propose nir therapy as a neuroprotective or disease-modifying treatment for
alzheimer's and parkinson's patients.”

                “in the context of alzheimer's
and parkinson's disease, although they have distinct initiating causes, both
diseases converge on common pathways of inflammation and oxidative stress,
mitochondrial dysfunction and neuronal death, indicating that nir may be
beneficial to both through the same protective mechanisms.”

                “to the best of our knowledge,
there have been no major publications—at least in peer-reviewed journals—on the
efficacy of nir in alzheimer's patients. there are some web pages referring to
either an alzheimer extracranial “helmet,” housing many leds of wavelengths
ranging from 660 to 1070 nm (e.g., http://www.emersonww.com/infraredhelmet.htm; http://www.science20.com/news_releases/can_this_infra_red_helmet_cure_alzheimers_in_10_minutes_a_day; http://www.instructables.com/id/led-helmet-for-dementia-alzheimers-parkinsons), or an intranasal device delivering nir
to the brain (http://www.mediclights.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/alzheimer-with-intranasal-light-08-22-13-1.pdf). however, there are no reports, either
published, or in progress, of clinical trials on alzheimer's patients. two
clinical studies by naeser et al. (2011, 2014) have reported improvements in executive
function, learning and memory after nir treatment—delivered via an extracranial
helmet-like device using two leds—in a small number of patients suffering
chronic traumatic brain injury. further, there are two human studies in healthy
individuals reporting that nir therapy improves attention and short-term memory
(barrett and gonzalez-lima, 2013) and executive functions (blanco et al., 2015). although these studies are promising in the sense that nir therapy
resulted in cognitive improvements, the subjects were not alzheimer's patients.”

                “in summary, a number of
experimental studies have demonstrated that nir therapy improves motor behavior
and provides neuroprotection in various rodent models of both alzheimer's and
parkinson's disease; for parkinson's disease, these benefits have been reported
in a non-human primate model as well. however, the evidence for therapeutic
benefit at the clinical level is far sparser, prompting the need for
systematic, large-scale clinical trials of nir therapy in alzheimer's and
parkinson's patients.”

                “the putative nir
protective mechanisms in the brain. (a) direct nir stimulation of the mitochondria of the
damaged neurons or endothelial cells. this stimulation would repair the damage
leading to neuronal protection. nir may also stimulate neurogenesis in the
hippocampus and/or synaptogenesis in the damaged neurons (b) indirect
(remote) stimulation via circulating immune cells and/or bone marrow stem cells
leading to neuronal protection. the latter is similar to the so-called
“abscopal” effect in the treatment of cancer metastasis. we suggest that the
primary mechanism is the direct effect, of neurons and/or of endothelial cells,
while the systemic indirect effect forms a secondary supportive mechanism.”

“the phenomenon of indirect nir-induced neuroprotection is likely to
involve the same mechanisms, at a cellular level, as those that provide
neuroprotection to damaged cells with direct nir stimulation (i.e., stimulation
of mitochondrial function; figure ​figure2a).2a). although the concept of indirect,
remote nir therapy holds promise for future applications, it is not yet as
fully understood and developed as direct nir therapy, thus our subsequent
discussion will focus primarily on direct nir stimulation. further, some early
results in an animal model of parkinson's disease suggest that, although remote
nir provides neuroprotection, this protection was not as robust as when nir was
applied directly to the head (stone et al., 2013; johnstone et al., 2014b; presumably stimulating local neurons and/or endothelial cells). in other
words, neuroprotection was achieved with both local and remote nir treatment,
but the local treatment was the more effective. as a working hypothesis, we
suggest that direct stimulation of the mitochondria and reparative mechanisms,
either in the neurons themselves or in the local endothelial cells (and/or
stimulation of neurogenesis), forms the primary mechanism of nir-induced
neuroprotection. a more systemic (indirect) stimulation of immune and/or stem
cells may form a secondary and complementary mechanism. we suggest that
stimulation of both direct and indirect mechanisms would generate maximum
nir-induced neuroprotection.”

“to date, there are no reports of major safety issues nor side-effects
after nir treatment. the commercial led panels for nir therapy have already
received non-significant risk status by the food and drug administration and
previous studies have indicated no adverse impact on brain tissue structure and
function after nir treatment (power range from ~1 to 700 mw/cm2;
desmet et al., 2006; hamblin and demidova, 2006; ilic et al., 2006; zivin et al., 2009; mccarthy et al., 2010; naeser et al., 2011, 2014; rojas and gonzalez-lima, 2011; chung et al., 2012; tata and waynant, 2012; quirk et al., 2012a,b; moro et al., 2014). there is one sole account of some neuronal damage and negative
behavioral outcomes in mice, but this was evident after an exceptionally high
power intensity (750 mw/cm2; ilic et al., 2006), approximately one hundred times higher than the dose required to elicit
a therapeutic response (e.g., < 10 mw/cm2). hence, when taken
together, these data indicate that when nir was applied at therapeutic doses
(and even well above these doses), its impact on body tissue was overwhelmingly
positive, and had a very large safety margin of application...” “further, there
appears to be no longer-term side effects associated with nir application; in a
long-term study in rats, no adverse effects were noted after daily treatment
for 12 months (mccarthy et al., 2010).”



so now we come full circle,
discussing how all the methods cited above could be even more effective when
applied, as appropriate, in concert. 

for example, as we have just cited,
one possible factor in cellular deterioration in parkinson’s and alzheimer’s is
a shutdown in their mitochondria. the suggestions previously offered for
reactivating mitochondria for the purpose of causing apoptosis in cancerous
cells also apply when attempting to restore mitochondrial activity in failing
brain cells in parkinson’s. to sum up, dca has been reactivating mitochondria
in these cells so they could trigger the signal causing these otherwise
“immortal” cells to die, as has quercetin. pqq has a similar effect on
mitochondria, especially in conjunction with coq10 and nac, as does nir and the
q1000 with its mix of fir and visible light. 

so once again, why not combine
these factors when restoring mitochondrial function, along with any other
non-toxic means of doing the same thing? and at the same time, use the
ultrasound method for removing disruptive beta-amyloids and tau proteins in alzheimer’s
or levy structures in parkinson’s. you can continue to use other existing
therapies, but also consider other known, non-invasive methods for
accomplishing the same ends, such as using sensory-deprivation tanks to boost
natural dopamine levels in early-onset parkinson’s patients. 

and the synergies do not end there.
as discussed previously, every endoscope contains a fiber-optic line which can
transmit visible and infrared light, simplifying the localized concentration
of, say nir therapy on specific cells. but if we can genetically modify an
infusion of blood to generate blue or red bio-luminescence, why not to generate
far or near infrared light? of course, we would want to study the long-term
effects of using such infusions, but the blood circulating around the brain
might prove a relatively non-invasive means to shine the necessary frequencies
on otherwise deteriorating cells. other alternatives might include the
permanent alteration of supportive tissues within the brain itself, though this
would require careful risk assessment as well.

                similarly,
purging the blood of pathogens on the one hand while working ones way down the
body with an ultrasound application pitched to destroy the diagnosed viral
infection could prove a useful one-two approach to avoid too many viruses
slipping past that methodical approach through our rapidly pulsing circulatory
system. light and ultrasound could also be combined against bacterial
intruders.

                and so
uniting these disparate elements forms a whole greater than its constituent parts,
a demonstration of the power of unity in diversity.



                we
originally forwarded this suggestion that visible and infrared light could
combine with dca anything else restoring mitochondrial activity as a cure to
cancer to the u.s. federal government sometime around 10/20/16. these more
recent articles merely expand on that in light of the vice-president’s
#cancermoonshot, in the hope that someone may take note of any useful ideas
herein. all these suggestions are hereby placed into public domain.



posted by ralph cerchione | tuesday, june 28, 2016
       |
         0 comments
 




tuesday, june 21, 2016



                      	 
                      	 curing all cancers, or... a bit of wild speculation
	                       
                          






            the obama administration asked for our best ideas to be researched in their #cancermoonshot, so here are three key concepts which they might find useful.

            the first
core idea is to combine several techniques at once which are apt to lead to the
death of cancerous cells while only enhancing each method’s effectiveness
instead of interfering with each other. the second core idea is to apply some
of these techniques to other major diseases. the third core idea is to enhance
other elements of health care to help with diagnosis and prevention of cancer
as well as other illnesses. 

            so, to
begin, the suspected cancer-fighting benefits of dichloroacetic acid (dca) caused quite a
stir a few years ago. dca was reputedly reactivating mitochondria in cancer
cells which had shifted to glycolysis (a less efficient, anaerobic form of
energy production found in these oxygen-starved cells). these newly awakened
mitochondria were, in turn, triggering apoptosis (cell death) in these
malignant cells. further, a similar effect has been noted when using the
supplement quercetin on tumors, and reactivating mitochondria is also a
property of pyrroloquinoline quinone (or pqq), particularly when used in
concert with coq10 and n-acetylcysteine. 

            my
as-yet-untested (but public domain) idea is this: a device called the q1000
generates far-infrared radiation (fir) and red-spectrum light which supposedly
have a number of positive effects on the body, including an enhancement of
mitochondrial function by as much as 150% and an increase in blood circulation
in the area targeted, even in conventional use of the device. my thought is
that these light-therapy effects, whether from this instrument or another,
could be leveraged with a number of tactics and resources, including some other
methods for boosting circulation in a targeted area or reducing it (as
appropriate)… potentially triggering
the same reactivation of mitochondria and cell apoptosis claimed in the dca
research, only more dramatically so, while combining this treatment with other
treatments which also lead to the destruction of cancerous cells.

            if we can
reach that end goal of restarted mitochondria and resultant dying cancer cells
consistently, cheaply, safely, non-toxically and with primarily positive side
effects (if any), we could revolutionize cancer treatment… by destroying cancer.

            failing
that, if we can merely augment existing treatments cheaply and effectively, we
would at least have the chance to dramatically reduce fatalities associated
with the disease. 

            let us
discuss a few options possible in such a treatment.



            first, the
claim of wholly beneficial impacts of the q1000 and/or similar forms of light
therapy, even if true, is probably only accurate within some limited level of
use, if not standard recommended exposures. but as we are trying to kill the
cells in question (if not surrounding or interposing cells), a certain measure
of latitude is possible here. hence, if continuous exposure increases the
likelihood of mitochondria reactivation, then we have every reason to pursue
it. (how we can bring about this exposure and effectively target it without
strapping multiple low-powered far-infrared lasers to the body of a hapless
patient or lab rat will be dealt with below.)



            second,
changing circulation levels may prove useful in a few different ways. there are
a number of physical and chemical methods for changing overall circulation
either in the entire body or in specific areas, from niacin to negative
pressure and so forth, but a less well-known and less intrusive technique is dr. win wenger’s “expansion method,” wherein you imagine a
part of your body an inch larger in all dimensions and an inch further from the
center of your body. this latter effect can be more precisely targeted than
many, and being non-physical combines easily with other tools. (if necessary
for some patients, more elaborate biofeedback training could refine this
effect. and clearly the q1000 itself is another source of targeted circulation
enhancement, which is already involved in the overall process.)

            depending
on various tumors respond, these tools, used separately or in concert, could
help reverse the shift to glycolysis as part of the reactivation of more normal
cell function and the mitochondria themselves.

            alternatively,
if reactivating mitochondria does not require further circulation, but a
reduction of circulation augmented by the q1000 itself is required in any
instance, there is a little-tested variant of the expansion method, the
contractile technique. imagining a part of the body as an inch smaller in all
dimensions and an inch closer to the center of the body may well reduce
circulation in that area. one reason to employ this tool could be to reduce
blood flow to a newly forming tumor and to encourage its early shift to
glycolysis so that change can be fatally reversed with q1000 targeting and
other resources. a shutdown in localized circulation by also encouraging
glycolysis in cells on the surface of tumor which might not reach that state as
quickly as the rest of the mass. basic biofeedback techniques should help if
any extensive training in this (very simple) technique) is needed, not to
mention providing one objective measure of whether they are working at specific
sites in the body.

            further,
ultrasound increases the absorption of topical quercetin up to a thousand
times, which leads to two other interesting treatments – high-intensity focused
ultrasound (hifu) and hyperthermia. increasing the heat of tumors by a few
degrees can also trigger apoptosis, and ultrasound is one way this heat can be
transmitted. another obvious way to transmit heat would be far-infrared
wavelengths as employed by the q1000 and similar therapies (which also have
some ability to penetrate tissues). the precise, ideal intensities of
fir/red-spectrum light and ultrasound to be employed, as well as the optimal
quantities of the above substances is clearly a matter for experimentation and
will likely vary based on the cancer’s type, location and stage of development,
as well as factors apt to vary from patient to patient.



(incidentally, ultrasound can also open the blood-brain
barrier when passing medications into the central nervous system, which has
implications for cancer and other treatments in that part of the body.)



            third,
these tools can be combined with supplements and/or drugs (such as dca) already
known or suspected as mitochondrial rejuvenators or reactivators. these could
be injected directly into tumors of sufficient size or as close to them as
possible. testing alternatives for relative value, compatibility with common
drugs and so forth would be the obvious choice. 

            conventional
drugs attacking the cancer may or may not be counterproductive, synergistic or
neutral in their impact – alternatively disrupting mitochondrial reactivation,
supplementing the effect with a lethal impact on targeted cells (especially
surface cells), or having no significant net result. again, dca is an obvious
option, as are quercetin, pqq and anything likely to work synergistically in
reactivating mitochondria.

            allowing
these supplements to flow in prior to any disruption in circulation may be
necessary, depending on what you decide to do with blood flow around tumors. on
the other hand, you may use such manipulations to boost the presence of these
materials before beginning q1000 exposure in earnest, perhaps increasing their
levels again during breaks in fir/red-spectrum treatment. then again,
injections, as well as another technique discussed below, may make these effort
unnecessary.



            fourth, how
could these energies be transmitted continuously to precise locations without
immobilizing the subject? simple. far-infrared, near-infrared and the entire
spectrum of visible light can be transmitted over fiber optic lines. said lines
are also used in endoscopic surgery. these lines can be run through clothing
made for this purpose, with their end points transmitting the necessary light
and/or infrared radiation into fixed points. the cables can be set in position
by any number of methods, from tight clothing molded to the body, to periodic
patient/practitioner adjustment (with key points temporarily inked as
indicators), to something as prosaic as a light bandage or tape. internal
transmission of these wavelengths is possible through medical endoscopes,
though presumably for much shorter periods of time. ultrasonic transmitters
could similarly integrated into clothes or strapped on to the body.

            as an
aside, to the extent that certain of these spectrums are capable of killing
bacteria, then, to the extent that they penetrate human tissue more effectively
than anything else in the visible spectrum, they may be effective for targeted
or more broad-based elimination of harmful bacteria, such as in a patient
suffering from a serious disease. the degree to which directly affecting its
environment with light, fir, ultrasound, heat and other factors, particularly
in concert with conventional treatments can destroy bacterial or even viral
infections may prove a critical area of study. imagine if aids could be purged
from lymph nodes or anywhere it may conceal itself in the body, turning its
traditional safe havens into deathtraps for the virus.

            further,
certain frequencies of light have been observed to break up the protein tangles
associated with alzheimer’s. to the extent that countering this symptom helps
in the disease’s overall treatment, it is worth noting. indeed, any symptoms
which can be countered in a safe, non-invasive way may be worth eliminating,
particularly if these interventions prove effective in slowing the pace of the
condition.

            alternatively,
to the extent that that transmission of light into mitochondria serves as an
additional energy source, the above clothing, used within reasonable limits,
might serve as an effective way to help normal exercising individuals increase
their overall energy levels. even people engaged in their daily activities
might find such clothing useful, though again, within safe limits. (the
potential impacts on fitness, obesity, diabetes and so forth require further
consideration.)



            finally,
there are many other resources which should be tested for their value in
diagnosis, for directly targeting (or healing) aberrant cells, for prevention
of these or other illnesses and for the general enhancement of human health.
for example, right now ibm has been developing a diagnostic version of watson
which collects symptoms and checks them against its database, presumably using
both hard data from testing and subjective information from the patient’s
comments and their doctor’s observations. but as our processing power and
sensors’ accuracy continue to skyrocket, imagine a medical system that
collected as much information as possible – continuously – from each patient
included and uploaded them as anonymous profiles to an immense database. that
next-generation supercomputer, be it watson or whatever, would be constantly
that array of subjective commentary and that ocean of hard data against
everyone else, and would take particular note whenever someone was conclusively
diagnosed with a particular condition. by taking that information and comparing
patients against a host of other profiles, our neo-watson could potentially
note problems emerging before anyone thought to notice them, and narrow down if
not correctly identify them in very little time. other diagnostic and treatment
options emerge in the face of even more radical improvements in processing
power and sensor design, such as scanning every cell in the body non-invasively
to look for any threats or problems, however small, and the potential capacity
to address them all. however, that discussion will have to wait for a
description of those next-generation technologies, which is beyond the scope of
this article.

            another
curious option is simple hypnosis. even self-hypnosis (listening to
pre-recorded suggestions prepared by a hypnotist who may have no connection to
the subject at all) has repeatedly been able to cause very measurable changes
in the bodies of adults. ironically, researcher repeated the same test over and
over since the first trials in the 70s, but it has only been in the last 15
years or so that anyone has really been asking whether we should be applying
the ability to make these changes to anything that actually matters – healing
wounds, curing illnesses, improving circulation, reducing excess fat,
increasing muscle strength, reducing the symptoms of aging or improving the
fundamental bases of intelligence, to name a few. self-hypnosis is, of course,
almost an open invitation to fraudulent products, especially given that the
only guarantor of effectiveness is market competition, and even a very well
received recording may only be making someone feel good rather than dealing
with the underlying problem it supposedly targets. nevertheless, an effective
recording can be duplicated without limit, and therefore any such tools which
can be confirmed to be effective can be used at minimal expense to prevent or
ameliorate conditions without disrupting any other interventions or therapies.

            another
question would be whether heavy metals and other toxins accumulating in the
body could be purged or at least reduced. obviously some issues arise with the
overuse of powerful chelation techniques, but if safer and less-disruptive
tools exists, they could be a fruitful means to prevent any number of long-term
problems.



            again, i do
not presently have the resources to test the above suppositions, and this
innovation was never the primary thrust of my research. but these techniques,
speculative as they are, are now in the public domain. you may do with them as
you will.



posted by ralph cerchione | tuesday, june 21, 2016
       |
         0 comments
 











































 
		  		






 





