




lululemon athletica canada inc. v. the partnerships and unincorporated associations identified on schedule “a”; case no. 14-cv-5478 | my site



































 

















 


to purchase authentic products,








this domain was previously held for the sale of alleged counterfeit lululemon products. control of this domain has been transferred to lululemon athletica canada inc. (“lululemon”), the rightful owner of the lululemon trademarks, pursuant to a temporary court order. lululemon took this action to protect the lululemon brand and the consumer from unknowingly purchasing counterfeit products. the websites listed in the complaint are not affiliated with the genuine lululemon brand. lululemon and its counsel cannot provide any additional information regarding any orders placed with any of the websites.






refund information


we recommend that you contact your payment provider to obtain a refund.



method of payment:


visa
mastercard
paypal
western union
other











first name (required):











 





notice to defendants


lululemon athletica canada inc. v. the partnerships and unincorporated associations identified on schedule “a”; case no. 14-cv-5478


the defendants operating the defendant internet stores listed in schedule a to the complaint are hereby advised:


plaintiff has charged defendants with violations of united states federal and state laws prohibiting trademark infringement and counterfeiting. a copy of the complaint and other legal documents may be obtained from plaintiff’s attorney, greer, burns & crain, ltd., attorney [at] gbcinternetenforcement.net, 312.987.2928, and on this website. see links below.


any answer or other response to the complaint should be filed with the clerk of the court, united states district court for the northern district of illinois, eastern division, chicago, illinois within twenty-one (21) days from august 13, 2014. if no appearance or pleading is filed, the court may render a judgment against the defendants. 


defendants are advised to seek legal counsel.



complaint (view / download pdf)
amended complaint (view / download pdf)
schedule a (view / download pdf)
motion for temporary restraining order (view / download pdf)
memorandum in support of a temporary restraining order (view / download pdf)
temporary restraining order (view / download pdf)
 
motion for a preliminary injunction (view / download pdf)
memorandum in support of preliminary injunction (view / download pdf)
notice of motion for preliminary injunction (view / download pdf)
preliminary injunction (view / download pdf)
 
 
motion for default judgment (view / download pdf)
memorandum in support of motion for default judgment  (view / download pdf)
notice of motion for default judgment  (view / download pdf)
supplemental memorandum in support of motion for default judgment  (view / download pdf)
notice of filing of supplemental memorandum  (view / download pdf)
default judgment  (view / download pdf)
 





 







© greer, burns & crain, ltd. |   all rights reserved  |  terms of use
200 west madison street, suite 2100, chicago, il 60606





