













home | california college of asu















































  asu updates on la wildfires 


asu is monitoring wildfires in los angeles and their impacts on our university community. asu california center’s broadway and grand buildings are open and fully operational. studios, classrooms and workspaces are open to faculty, staff and students. if any student needs support related to fires, please contact your academic advisors and class instructors, who have been encouraged to provide accommodations. visit california.asu.edu/wildfire-updates for the latest information and resources. 



    wildfire updates
  















    your browser does not support the video tag.
  



play hero video



pause








      programs
    

      apply now
    


















we are for the visionaries 
california college of asu is for the storytellers. for the artists. for the game changers. for students who want to understand the world while gaining real-world experience. 
the next generation of creative leaders requires an education with a focus on critical thinking and collaboration combined with hands-on, skill-building know-how. california college of asu is building on a deep history as a film and design school with award-winning faculty committed to sharing the best elements of the industry while preparing students for an ever-changing career landscape. our students benefit from highly adaptable learning that prepares them to be leaders for emerging technology, business and the future of the $980 billion creative economy in los angeles.
located in the heart of downtown los angeles, california college of asu offers small class sizes that prepare students to thrive in any industry or environment. our new liberal arts degree includes concentrations in filmmaking practices, film and media studies, fashion studies and digital media studies, bringing the well-rounded education that four out of five employers prefer to the center of the world’s creative industries.
explore degrees    apply now    request more information

















  cheyenne tan, class of 2017


2020 academy award nominee














career pathway
discover your passions while learning to implement the skills and techniques necessary to make the transition from college to the workforce.









20


essential career skills






20

development focus areas








start your path











 






























  meet our new dean and ceo of california college of asu


starting with the fall 2024 semester, california college of asu welcomes alanka brown, an innovator with nearly two decades of experience in educational leadership, as the college’s new dean and chief executive officer. dr. brown was selected by the board of trustees. building on a career that began in the classroom, dr. brown has a track record of expanding access and inclusion, most recently as a college president and ceo and as an administrator across academic and student affairs. mostly recently at miami dade college, dr. brown served as president of the homestead campus and served for four years as president of the eduardo j. padrón campus, a diverse, inclusive and accessible college campus in a multicultural urban environment.


      learn more
    


















    asu events
    
  


































































california college of asu is an independent, nonprofit affiliate of arizona state university.










maps and locations
jobs
directory
contact asu
my asu















copyright and trademark
accessibility
privacy
terms of use
emergency













