b
mysterious people, psychics, paranormal people 







mysterious people, psychics, paranormal people 
























[            home             |             

articles              
|             
my books             
 |           


advertise            
|             introduction    
         ]  
     

























	mysteries 
	and folklore of ancient places - 


haunted spaces, sacred places: 
	a field guide to stone circles, crop circles, ancient tombs, and 
	supernatural landscapes





   




  mysteries from ancient egypt, ancient greece, prehistoric britain
	and beyond - 
  


hidden history, lost civilizations, 
  secret knowledge, and ancient mysteries

 

   



  mysterious people - is a website containing weird, unbelievable tales of the apparently 
			paranormal. there are sections on strange powers, psychics & mediums, occult personalities, poltergeist stories, feral children, weird people. mysterious people includes articles on alleged psychic nina kulagina, and the infamous 19th century spirit medium florence cook / katie king

also on mysterious people - the reincarnation case of patience worth, so-called psychic detective gerard croiset, the psychic / mediumistic powers of matthew manning and stella c, the infamous kasper hauser case, the odd tale of the green children of woolpit and many more strange tales. you can read an introduction to the strange world of mysterious people and see an index of the articles here




 
why not advertise on mysterious people?mysterious people is a well established and fast-growing paranormal / biography website with over 2.7 million visitors since its inception, and an average of 70,000 page views per month. we offer advertising in the form of homepage text links, banner ads, and sponsored pages (with your own text links) at very reasonable prices. contact the webmaster by
email for more details.

new article vanishing / phantom hitchhikers, strange ghosts of the road on bluebell hill, kent, england. what is the truth behind these mysterious stories? read it here bluebell hill ghost or phantom hitchhiker?
article of the month - 'anne jefferies and the fairies'- a real fairy tale? did a young cornish girl have a genuine supernatural experience and meet real fairies? or was the whole experience a fantasy, the result of an overactive imagination or perhaps even something much darker? this well documented and peculiar supernatural tale involving an alleged dealings with fairies was widely publicised at the time. it involved a young girl called anne jefferies, of st teath, cornwall, south west england. read the full story here - 
anne jefferies and the fairies for an archive of many fascinating articles on strange and supernatural powers, alleged psychics, spiritual possession and mysterious people go here 









florists in america



















top 5 technologies revolutionizing automotive manufacturing











 [   
strange powers &
abilities   
|   
psychics    
|    feral children     |   

 poltergeist stories      |    weird people    |   
 occult people   
]

























 






copyright notice
except where otherwise indicated all articles 
on mysterious people are written by
brian haughton and may not be 
copied 
in any format without his express written permission. if you use mysterious 
people for research please reference it and its url 
http://www.mysteriouspeople.com. all photographs used on this site are 
believed to be in the public domain unless 
stated otherwise, if there is an error please contact me by
email and i will accredit the 
photograph or remove it from the site. 
copyright 2002-2007 brian haughton, all rights reserved. web site design by 
brian haughton, july-november 2002.




 


