










index


    











































































































































































































































































            the
          milkweed
dairy’s best information and
          insights
p.o. box 10, brooklyn, wi 53521 ·
        (608) 455-2400      © 2002 - 2015 the












































































































































































































































































          milkweed  all rights reserved


  inside the august 2024
          issue no. 540: story of the month: retail milk price-gouging
          in upper midwest & kansas city (p. 7 - see the special
          link listed below on this page) - other stories: dairy
          livestock prices moving up f-a-s-t (p. 1): . . . global
          financial meltdown further lowers grain commodities (p. 1): .
          . . very nice wi 120-cow herd sold to fair oaks: $3,000/head
          (p. 2): . . . june ’24 sustains cottage cheese volume growth
          (p. 2): . . . july ‘24 class iii price at $19.76/cwt.
          (-$0.08): . . . bird flu precautions in effect to protect
          world dairy expo cattle (p. 3): . . . appeals court ruling on
          refinery waiver cases could hurt ethanol (p. 3): . . . mgmt.
          team exodus at united dairymen of arizona (p. 3): . . .
          strategies for dairy farmers in these fast-changing times (p.
          4): . . . updated transportation credits help ease southeast
          milk trucking costs (p. 5): . . . small wi dairy supplying
          milk to 29 schools in 18 districts (p. 5): . . . reviewing
          project 2025’s ag & food policy proposals (p. 6): . . .
          illegal immigrants policies: huge impact on ag & food (p.
          6): . . . retail milk price-gouging in upper midwest &
          kansas city (p. 7): . . . renegade carbon intensifies
          hurricanes’ frequency & power (p. 8): . . . cwt program on
          thin ice, heading into nmpf’s meeting (p. 9): . . . butter
          & cheddar prices relatively flat, nfdm & whey rise (p.
          10) . . . the power of hurricanes (p. 11): . . . florida
          buyers paying big bucks in texas for dairy cows &
          springers (p. 12): . . . agri-mark bans raw milk sales by
          members (p. 12): . . . sour cream from texas at wisconsin
          state fair (p. 12): . . . subscribe and keep informed about
          the dairy industry! . . . we are now offering an electronic
          email version of the milkweed . . . 

        
 
      
 
  
 dairy’s  best
publication!

now subscribe online, click
                        here





get



















































































































































































































































                  smart about your milk price.  subscribe today!




story


























                  of the month - august 2024 - issue 540:



click
                          on this headline link:



august
            2024 issue:  milk price-gouging (click here to view
            docs.)
hdl:  retail milk
                price-gouging in upper midwest & kansas city
 


dairy industry
              newsletter annual conference 
 may 5, 2022 video
              presentation - click here!


yale law
            school's conference:  "reforming america's food retail
            markets" - complete presentation
video presentation
                by pete hardin 03-12-2022 - click here for pete hardin's
                session
 




 

hot topic
            05-2019

"kansas statute 17-1642"




amended
            milk powder lawsuit alleges fraudulent criminal activities
            by dairyamerica
just click on the
              above headline




amended milk powder
              complaint - 02/10/2017


 
help
















































































































































































































            stop beef imports from foot-and-mouth infected countries










latest
            northeast anti-trust lawsuit 




 
  
  
 hot issues on the
                  front burner  (click on headlines below):


recent dairy trade mission to
                      cuba: q & a with bob wolter
what you need to
                  know about foot-and-mouth disease
   
   nz’s failed history of dairy
            product quality 

   firm
              tried to sell nz glue as mpc in wisconsin
  
   nz dairy menace
            extends far beyond recent botulism scandal
  
  
npr: independent farmers feel squeezed
            by milk cartel
 
 usda milk powder pricing
            fiasco &   oig report
       
        more hot
          topics



  
 
 
 
     the milkweed reports what’s really
            happening in the u.s. dairy industry.    
            you can’t afford to miss the real news affecting your bottom
            line!
  
    











































































































































































































































































        every month for the past 34+ years, the milkweed 
        has been providing subscribers with facts and insights about
        events determining prices for dairy commodities and farm
        milk.  no other dairy paper matches the high-caliber
        reporting found in      the milkweed.
  
    











































































































































































































































































        controversial?  yes!  you’ll find that this
        paper names names and backs up its
        reporting with hard-to-find facts.  over the years, the
          milkweed has documented:


 manipulations
            of cheddar cheese prices at the chicago mercantile exchange.


 financial and
            anti-trust shenanigans of the largest dairy cooperatives.


regularly
            exposing fraud and abuse violating the integrity of consumer
            dairy products.


innovative
            dairy products, dairy marketing, and other good news.


    











































































































































































































































































        you’ll read about trends in milk supplies and demand for dairy
        products, analysis of dairy animal price trends, the weather …
        and many other factors that influence milk prices and the dairy
        farmers’ profitability.  
  
    











































































































































































































































































          the milkweed is written for the
        dairy farmer and other interested persons in the dairy
        industry.  this paper is now in its 34th year of continuous
        publication, and counts about 6,000
subscribers.                                                                                               


no advertising revenue influences this
          publication.
 
    











































































































































































































































































        get smart about your milk price. put dairy’s best publication to
        work for you. subscribe
        today.
  
  
  
  
  

 
home | subscribe now! | current  issue | the milkweed archives | hot topics | who we are | issues in depth | hall of shame | links | contact us
  


