





the salvation army wonderland camp and conference center

































































doing the most good®


 the salvation army wonderland camp and conference center
		




 locations


donate








donate goods







donate clothing, furniture & household items


give now

$500
$250
$100
$50
other



donate










who we are
how we help
ways to give
volunteer
stories
careers
events
contact us








never miss a chance to do the most good
please enter your name, email and zip code below to sign up!




 please enter your first name



 please enter your last name





 please enter a valid email address



 please enter a valid zip code












 follow us on facebook













rental information
contact us to inquiry about a retreat with wonderland camp.

																request information
															









employment
join our year-round team!

																find out more
															









personal spiritual retreats
wonderland camp and conference center provides facilities for personal and quiet reflection with god.

																learn more
															









lodging and meeting rooms
our facilities are available to rent from labor day to memorial day for conferences, retreats, seminars, and other special events.

																rental information
															










hiring for summer 2025! →










request group information







rental information







summer camp







employment







outdoor education







lodging and meeting rooms







team building and activities







personal spiritual retreat







snack shop and coffee house







campground maps







directions







send a message to campers








the greatest need right now is
empowering youth
meet the need





our legacy
the salvation army wonderland camp and conference center exists to support the ministry of the salvation army by providing the opportunity to experience christ through focused programs in a natural, safe, camp conference environment. read more


aca accredited
as a member of the american camping association, wonderland camp and conference center guarantees the highest standards of safety in activities, construction, and staffing. read more








(262) 889-4305



wonderland camp staff: 
wonderland.camp@usc.salvationarmy.org









hours of operation

						office hours: 7:30 am - 4:00 pm, monday - friday
					
get directions




















the salvation army mission statement
the salvation army, an international movement, is an evangelical part of the universal christian church. its message is based on the bible. its ministry is motivated by the love of god. its mission is to preach the gospel of jesus christ and to meet human needs in his name without discrimination.







who we are
how we help
ways to give
volunteer
stories
careers


























                            the salvation army wonderland camp and conference center

                            9241 camp lake road, salem, wisconsin 53168  | 1-800-sal-army | privacy policy | © the salvation army central territory
                    



























