






astrodomes international, the leaders in telescope obseratory domes







































skip to content









astrodomes
made by astronomers, for astronomers



welcome to astrodomes
products
faq/help
gallery
contact us
education








astrodomes maker of observatory domes
































our approach






designed by an astronomer for astronomers.
astrodomes has been leading the way in observatory domes for the last 30 years. during that time we have built a globally recognised reputation for building the best domes on the market.
who is our market?
we cater for professional and amateur astronomers alike.
astrodomes prides itself on having a diverse range of clients and we often build observatories for schools, universities and colleges all over the world as well as a number of aerospace institutions
we also have a big market base with amateur astronomers as well, with a range of smaller astrodomes suitable for the back yard in suburbia to private observatories in word class dark sky areas.






our story


















who is astrodomes?
​hello, my name is owen ogden and i am the owner of astrodomes, a market leading observatory designer and manufacturer. it has been my passion, since taking the reigns from my dear friend colin blumson, to provide high quality observatory domes to our customers globally and locally.
i would be more than honored to talk to you personally to see if we can build the perfect astrodome to suit your needs
if you wish to find out more, please contact us and i will personally talk to you to discuss details or questions you may have.
​regards, owen


















colin blumson 
founder & ceo
 

 




astrodomes come in a variety of sizes, and two main construction materials - fiberglass composite and steel
we have a range of innovative, kit form metal construction domes, which are easy and cheap to transport globally due to their flat pack assembly.
both steel and fiberglass astrodomes are popular and of exceptional quality. astrodomes are not only smart in design and performance, but are also aesthetically pleasing, with a sleek contemporary design.
​your telescope means a lot to you, so we build astrodomes to give your equipment the best possible protection and help expand your view of the sky.



















contact astrodomes
contact us for more information or to discuss your requirements





contact us



 

















follow us


contact usemailastrodomes@astrodomes.comphone+61 (0)409092023address71-107 pathara road, north arm, queensland, australia, 4561









	copyright © 2025 astrodomes — escapade wordpress theme by godaddy





 












