





oracle and sap advisory & consulting services | remend

















































 













										services
									














														software asset management (sam)
													










																	cloud migration
																









																	contract negotiations
																









																	license audit defense
																









																	license management
																









																	managed services
																









																	sam tooling & managed services
																
















														enterprise ai
													










																	ai self-service automation buyer’s guide
																









																	ai voice & digital self-service automation report
																

























										publishers
									














														microsoft
													










																	cloud licensing strategy
																









																	contract negotiations
																









																	dynamics 365 analysis
																









																	hyper-v
																









																	license audit defense
																









																	licensing tune-up
																









																	merger and acquisition planning
																









																	microsoft 365 drilldown
																
















														oracle
													










																	audit defense & support
																









																	cloud migration planning
																









																	cloud applications subscription advisory
																









																	contract negotiations
																









																	java license advisory
																









																	license management
																









																	protected shared savings program
																









																	relationship management
																









																	third-party support
																









																	ula certification
																









																	update and patch archival planning
																
















														sap
													










																	license audit defense
																









																	license compliance review
																









																	negotiation strategy
																









																	s/4hana advisory
																









																	software asset management
																









																	third-party maintenance
																
















														vmware
													




















										resources
									














														resources
													










																	blog
																









																	datasheets
																









																	faqs
																

























										about
									














														about
													










																	our team
																









																	news
																









																	partner program
																




















 contact us











                    never worry about                        

                                    oracle again                                

                                    sap again                                

                                    microsoft again                                

                                    ibm again                                


experts in software licensing, contract negotiations 
and audit defense.





schedule a free consultation










33%
average cost reduction





100
years combined experience





$ billions
saved on software








solutions & services
remend is an independent advisory firm that partners with enterprise, mid-market and government organizations to cut technology costs. 
based on decades of experience, remend executes data-driven, creative and aggressive cost-reduction strategies to reduce your spend and minimize your exposure with software publishers.
remend offers the most comprehensive set of independent advisory services for oracle, microsoft, sap, ibm and other publishers.
take control of your software vendor relationships with remend.







third-party support for oracle
determine if third-party support and maintenance is the right choice for oracle software support.









oracle license management
manage your oracle license, support and subscription requirements.









java advisory
dispel the myths surrounding oracle’s unrelenting pursuit of java subscriptions.









oracle ula certification
maximize and defend an oracle ula certification with supporting evidence.









conversational & generative ai advisory
choose and deploy the right ai automation









sap s/4hana advisory
optimize your migration path to s/4hana and rise with sap.









sap license audit defense
minimize the business impact of software license audits with expert defense strategies.









microsoft licensing tune-up
identify optimizations before a microsoft true-up, new purchase, contract renewal or as part of audit readiness.














                    are you getting audited?                
don't panic!

                if you’ve received the dreaded audit letter, or face an unexpected and sizable license shortfall, remend can help.                
how to respond to an audit






what our customers say







it is a tremendous luxury to never have to speak with oracle again.





tony chun
director it









remend has been instrumental in creating a well-documented, understandable, and rationalized oracle licensing portfolio.


provider of background check solutions
vp it









remend put our executive sponsor at ease knowing the oracle analysis is done properly. we learned a lot in the process.


provider of lab materials, technologies and services
manager of database services













latest blog articles




leveraging hyper-v to cut vmware costs
can we leverage hyper-v to cut vmware costs? that’s a good question with a not so clear-cut answer. the real answer depends on your microsoft licensing, contract timing, environment scope and willingness to adopt new technology. given vmware’s price hikes, it’s worth considering if your it team is open to change and quick analysis is […]



24th jan 2025









how to minimize the impact of the vmware acquisition on your business
broadcom’s purchase of vmware is changing the publisher landscape as they are changing the terms of their contracts and support agreements. change, especially mergers and consolidations, is unnerving for customers who are trying to understand what it means for their business operations.  let’s look at the ramifications of the vmware acquisition and what customers can […]


02nd jan 2025







how to navigate the challenge with transitioning from vmware to broadcom
there’s no doubt that the acquisition of vmware by broadcom has imposed challenges and changes on customers. with the unknown of what this means in cost, support and future innovation, you may be feeling a little anxious of how to maneuver forward and protect your budget and realize your priorities.   don’t fret. there are steps […]


11th dec 2024














schedule a free consultation today!
don’t wait for the audit letter to come or toil over the next service agreement.
contact us today to learn how our services can optimize your software agreements to save you time and money.











 












1900 s norfolk stsuite 350san mateo, ca 94403







1(866) 217-3519







info@remend.com






youtube										
								



linkedin										
								






our solutions and services
enterprise ai
microsoft
oracle
sap
vmware
 

company
about
blog
faqs
news
partner program
contact us
 










© 2025 remend
privacy policy
terms of use



oracle is a registered trademark of oracle and/or its affiliates. remend is an independent firm and not associated with oracle. remend is not a law firm and does not provide legal advice.
















