






airport guide | transportation & moving guide - local & interstate









































skip to content



adventure awaits





 










search




menu

home
airports
about
contact us
search 











what to know about moving your things via air freight when relocating abroad 
november 3, 2018september 27, 2018 by the airport guide 


one of the biggest challenges of relocating abroad involves shipping personal possessions by air freight. the process of packing and shipping items can be time-consuming and costly depending on location, but costs can be offset with sufficient research and planning.
planning for shipping
air freight is one of the quicker methods of shipping goods but is generally more expensive than other forms of shipping. professionals movers recommend developing an itemized list of goods you plan to ship and write down all relevant information related to your travel plans, including when you would like the goods delivered as well as location(s) of delivery.
creating this list has the added benefit of helping you keep track of individual items as goods are delivered. you will want to keep this list even after you ship items to confirm that all items have been received.

understanding your options
a relatively cheap option for air freighting materials involves shipping packages with commercial airlines. if you plan to travel with your shipment, you might consider calling the airline in advance to determine costs, methods of shipment as well as relevant policies. many commercial airlines offer packages to customers to ship goods with cargo.
for larger shipments, and more commonly, your best option is to ship with a certified international shipping service. shipping services offer different times and rates, depending on availability of service. most shipping services offer priority shipping, meaning that goods will ship quicker but at a higher price. calculate current or anticipated costs of shipping and select shipping plans by your budget.
a key determination with larger shipments involves deciding whether to ship items together or in separate batches depending on weight/size.
weighing and measuring shipment
to have a clear sense of how much it will cost you to ship different items, which is important for coordinating packages on a budget, you should weigh and measure each item you plan to ship. you can weigh packages with shipping services like ups or at home on a scale. you can also purchase and print labels for packages from home.
next, measure your items to determine length, height, and width. measuring items will help you determine what size box you need. ups provides a useful guide for measuring weight and size, including instructions regarding packages that are irregular in shape.
purchasing insurance
purchasing insurance for shipped items is highly recommended, as damage may occur during the shipping process. as a general rule of thumb, only items of moderate to high personal value should be insured. for approved commodities, the insurance cap is set at us$ 500,000 per shipment.

inquire about customs policies
if you plan to ship items internationally, it is imperative that you understand customs procedures abroad. it is highly likely that you will be required to fill out additional paperwork. an air waybill (or awb) is used with international couriers.


categories move via air freighttags air freight, cargo planes, movingleave a comment 








7 tips for navigating the dallas-fort worth airport 
march 26, 2017september 30, 2017 by the airport guide 


with international flights and a large population of local travelers, the dallas/fort worth international airport (dfw) is one of the highest capacity commercial airports in the world. a major hub for american airlines, this airport sees approximately 900 daily flights. while navigating through dfw’s extensive terminals may seem like a nightmare, you can easily find … read more


categories travel tipstags airport, dallas, family, flights, friendly area, luggage, security checkpoints, transportationleave a comment 








getting to dc– all about the airports that service the nation’s capital 
october 5, 2016october 19, 2017 by the airport guide 


washington, dc is served by three major airports ronald reagan washington national airport (dca), washington dulles international airport (iad), and the baltimore/washington international thurgood marshall airport (bwi).  all of them have both us and international flights every day, making it convenient to get to and from the nation’s capital. reagan washington national airport (dca) reagan … read more


categories airportstags airports, bwi, dc, dca, dulles, getting to dc, iad, nation's capital, reagan, washingtonleave a comment 








austin airport shows why so many people move there 
october 3, 2016october 20, 2021 by the airport guide 


the city of austin, whose motto is “keep austin weird” is determined to defy every texas stereotype there is.  the locals fiercely embrace every attribute that makes the capital city unique, from the bat colony living under congress bridge to claiming tacos as the ultimate breakfast food to dressing down for almost every occasion. this former hippie town is now a booming city with nearly 2 million people in the greater austin-round rock metro area. a local mover who started serving austin way back in 1993, testifies that the city has changed drastically over the last 2 decades. increasingly overcrowded streets (try getting on mopac at 5 p.m.), the ever-changing city skyline, and a huge influx of new residents moving here from all over the country seem to be the most tangible changes.
austin has gained its reputation for being a hip and trendy city thanks in large part to its thriving arts and music scene. thousands of people descend on austin every year for the austin city limits and sxsw music festivals. many love it so much they decide to stay, while thousands of others move here for the city’s entrepreneurial friendliness, huge tech scene, and stable economy.
the first stop in austin for most travelers is the austin-bergstrom airport (aus). this single airport terminal, though small, is top notch. as soon as you step off the plane, you’ll know you’ve arrived in a very special, if not weird, place. here are some ways that the austin airport keeps things weird.
live music
the city of austin is known as the live music capital of the world, so it may come as no surprise that austinites have expanded their love of live music to the airport. passengers have the opportunity to enjoy more than a dozen live shows every week at six live music stages along the concourse, which includes stages at earl campbell’s sports bar, waterloo records, the saxon pub, and annie’s café. grab some local grub and a front row seat to one of the impressive live shows, where you could hear anything from jazz or swing to country music from some of austin’s finest performers.
art in the airport
austin isn’t just home to great music; it’s also a thriving community for established, as well as up and coming, artists. this city especially embraces the eclectic, with fixtures like the hope outdoor graffiti gallery and random art in public places. airport travelers can also enjoy work from some of austin’s finest local artisans thanks to the art in the airport program. some works, like the modern sculptures outside of the baggage claim are permanent installations, while others, like this past summer’s photography display are temporary. if you have time here while awaiting your departure, take a walk down the concourse and see how many pieces of art you can count.
food & shopping
the desire to “keep it local” is reflected in the dining and shopping choices at the austin airport. this may be one of the only airports in the country where you can’t find a starbucks or a dunkin’ donuts. however, you can get your caffeine fix at local favorite, ruta maya coffee which offers coffee grown by mayan farmers and roasted right here in austin.  if you want something a bit more substantial than coffee and pastry to eat, there are plenty of choices, from the mouth-watering driftwood-born salt lick barbecue to maudie’s tex-mex. as far as shopping goes, you can peruse a large selection of books at book people or browse an impressive collection of music at waterloo records.
no matter what brings you to austin, whether it’s a bachelorette weekend for your bestie or a business trip, you’re sure to have a great time in this weird city. it all starts with a welcoming arrival and a warm send-off from the austin bergstrom international airport.


categories airportstags art, aus, austin, food, live music, shopping, weirdleave a comment 








faa rules on pilot drug & alcohol abuse 
september 28, 2016september 15, 2016 by the airport guide 


there are lots of professionals with stressful jobs who can kick back and enjoy a drink. some might drink on weekends only, while others come to rely on their daily pull from the bottle. whereas the risk to the public from a drunk journalist or accountant are pretty low as long as they don’t drink and … read more


categories flying culturetags alcoholism, bac, drinking, drunk, faa, flyingleave a comment 








top ten things to do after landing at jfk 
september 19, 2016october 20, 2017 by the airport guide 


the jfk airport, one of busiest airports in the country, is located in queens, just a short 12 miles from bustling manhattan. consequently, there are plenty of options for people on long layovers as well as for people whose final destination is new york. many of them, happily, are considered must-dos for anybody visiting the … read more


categories destinationstags layover, manhattan, nyc, sights, things to do, topleave a comment 








the busiest airports in the united states 
september 16, 2016september 15, 2016 by the airport guide 


the united states is home to some of the most popular tourist destinations in the world: new york, los angeles, chicago, and other major metro areas all see millions of tourists per year. while this is great for the economy and local business, it also makes these airports some of the busiest in the country, … read more


categories airportstags airports, busiestleave a comment 






follow us!search

search for:



sponsors 
 




recent posts


what to know about moving your things via air freight when relocating abroad


7 tips for navigating the dallas-fort worth airport


getting to dc– all about the airports that service the nation’s capital


austin airport shows why so many people move there


faa rules on pilot drug & alcohol abuse


 








			copyright © 2025. the airport guide. all rights reserved.
privacy policy



scroll back to top











