



home - huntley area chamber of commerce






























































(847) 669-0166



about

about the chamber
ambassadors
benefits
board of directors
committees
networking groups
our team


business directory
events

annual bags tournament
annual celebration
expo
build a breakfast pj crawl
golf outing
ice sculpture cocoa crawl












search for:




join
 member login




community
resources
contact us






about
business directory
events
our community
resources
contact us
 







northwestern medicine - huntley












join the huntley area chamber join the huntley area chamber! 


more information here







   puzzle, pizza & pitchers 
   community expo 
   easter egg scavenger hunt-ley 
   annual dinner chamber rocks 
   golf outing 
   wing walk 
   ice sculpture cocoa crawl 
   pajama build a breakfast crawl 



upcoming events


chamber & community events
 




feb 19 
rescheduled: lunch bunch at niko's red mill tavern
11:45 am - 1:00 pm


feb 20 
knowledge at noon - fraud and your business
12:00 pm - 1:00 pm


feb 25 
membership meeting: state of huntley
8:00 am - 10:00 am






 view full calendar
            
 
 







president's club level



executive club level






































about the chamber
the huntley area chamber of commerce is a vibrant business network working to improve the business climate and quality of life in our region. founded in 1987, we are a non-profit, 501(c)6 membership organization seeking full prosperity for local business by fostering collaboration, promoting growth, and strategically advocating for our members. our active board of directors, committees, and staff generate a full roster of programs, events, and initiatives throughout the year, creating the opportunity for our members to exchange ideas, grow their professional networks, and improve their businesses and share their business with the huntley community and surrounding areas. our goal is to support you and your business all while having fun, making friends and creating some chamber magic. join us!

learn more




 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 






becoming a member
are you thinking about becoming a huntley area chamber of commerce member? whether you are a large corporation or a small business, chamber membership is a proven investment for business development by connecting with people, ideas, and resources. the huntley area chamber of commerce accomplishes its mission and maximizes member benefits through four key pillars:



advocate
the chamber is an advocate on behalf of businesses.


educate
throughout the year, the chamber offers professional development programs and business related education.


communicate
chamber membership provides opportunities for companies to connect with other businesses and the greater community. 


celebrate
the chamber makes a point to improve the public visibility of huntley area member organizations. contact the chamber to celebrate special achievements.



learn more
                                          explore more benefits and learn how joining the huntley area chamber of commerce will connect you and your organization to our members and the huntley community.                           


on facebook
https://www.facebook.com/huntleyareachamberofcommerce/ 















quick linksabout
benefits
events
directory
 

social

follow us on 
follow us on 



 1 union special plaza, suite 211a
huntley, il 60142
phone: (847) 669-0166
fax: (847) 669-0170

 



© 2025 huntley area chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved.  site map privacy policy terms of use 





