















services for lenders, builders, developers and new home buyers






far west industries - real estate development
				































































far west industries logo, real estate development.










































































home
about us

commercial development



communities

artisan (yucaipa)
&eacutelan (palm springs)
coming soon -
heritage oaks (calimesa)


customer care
news
contact
careers



building better lives 





for nearly forty years, far west industries has earned the trust of thousands of homebuyers.
homebuyers like you will take comfort in visiting a far west industries community to experience the integrity and ingenuity of our homes. our record of excellence begins and ends with you. from our elegant designs and quality craftsmanship, to our personal one-on-one service, we have your complete satisfaction in mind with every home we build. it's this tradition of trust that has established far west industries as one of the most respected builders in all of southern california.





[ close ]
[ click photo to enlarge ]









































© copyright 2025 far west industries. all rights reserved. ca dre broker license no. 01835749.






join our interest list | customer care | careers | disclaimers | privacy policy



disclaimer
prices, plans, materials and specifications are subject to change without notice. © copyright 2011 far west industries. all rights reserved. ca dre broker license no. 01835749.


privacy policy
far west industries has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. the following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: www.farwestindustries.com.
we use your ip address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our web site. your ip address is used to gather broad demographic information.
our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address) and demographic information (like their zip code). we use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company. the customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary.
this site contains links to other sites. www.farwestindustries.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
security
this site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
choice/opt-out
our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor.
this site gives users the ability to remove their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
contacting the web site
if you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, you can contact us by using our contact form.




