



web development, application development, modernization in lansing | software conceptions























software conceptions


design + development + modernization



how
blog
contact
about












bespoke design + fit + finish



          craftsmen are known by their tools. quality depends on planning, preparation, tools, and training. the results convey a commitment to quality. ours and yours.
        




full stack development



          there is no substitute for experience. whether its for the web and the cloud, windows, a service, active directory, exchange, saas, sql, oracle, mysql, crm, etl, powershell, or apis, our solutions are backed by almost 100,000 hours of actual hands on experience in finance, insurance, government, judiciary, law enforcement, commercial software, banking, wall street, leisure, direct marketing. point-of-sale, and telecom.
        




update + upgrade + modernize



          sometimes the most efficient approach is to modernize your existing software. we help turn hard to maintain, outdated, or problematic software into modern, fresh, easy-to-maintain software, giving new life to a product that has helped your organization be successful over the years.
        






the right tools for the job


        we use best in class tools for every aspect of the engagement.
        rather than offering pretty good solutions in every language or tool,
        we have selected industry standard tools and developed deep expertise.
        deep expertise allows us to leverage those tools for the best result.

        our focus is on building tailor-made software
        with .net, mvc, sql server, and include the latest versions of
        jquery/javascript, css, html5, bootstrap
      







microsoft

            microsoft is one of the most widely distributed and broadly accepted technology companies in the world. we use microsoft tools--like sql server, visual studio, c#, mvc, tfs, ssis, ssrs, exchange, unity, and active directory--because they yield great results, are highly integrated, and microsoft demonstrates a commitment to continuously improving their product offerings,
          







react

            react is a declarative, efficient, and flexible javascript library for building user interfaces.
          







mongodb

            mongodb empowers innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries by unleashing the power of software and data.
          







graphql

            graphql is a query and manipulation language for apis.
          







jquery

            widely accepted, broadly used javascript library that gets the job done with fewer lines of code that works across multiple browser platforms.
          







javascript

            javascript is an essential part of web development. with its ever-increasing adoption into server and client technologies, javascript is an integral part of our implementation technology stack.
          







html

            integral to any web-client based development, our experience with html grows along with the evolution of html.
          







bootstrap

            professional css yields professional looking results. bootstrap is an accepted industry css library that accelerates web development.
          







signalr

            signalr permits bi-directional client and server communications allowing us to build more responsive and dynamic web applications.
          








you pay for the product not the process



plan







time. money. or feature driven
agile/scrum sprints
value. complexity. risk user stories
feature demos every sprint



design







fast wire frame graphical design
shareable fiddles for client
gui integrated into working full-feature stack



build







objective metrics driven, refactored code
unit testing to 100% code coverage
clean code standards
design pattern-based code
no code clones (no copy-paste coding)
fully instrumented code



deliver




customer approves complete feature set
final fit and finish performance tuning and analysis with ants
principled implementation, extraordinary results














contact us
phone: 517.930.5671
email us today




© 1995-2023 software conceptions, inc. all rights reserved.





contact us





name:







email:







subject:







message:






send

          cancel      
        








