
mokena animal clinic, veterinarian in mokena, il                 ×
home 

about usmeet our  veterinarians blog
 

servicespet wellness exam health screening vaccinations spay & neuter dental care surgery common pet surgeries pet surgery faqs pet surgery puppy  & kitten care senior pet care exotic pet care nutrition bland diet microchipping microchipping faqs parasite control parasite  prevention faqs flea and tick prevention cold laser  therapy
 take a tour 

patient resourcespet insurance online forms online store what to expect payment options veterinary resources pets pet memorials petsimonials pet health  problems faq common pet  health problems
 reviews contact us             708-479-2811  schedule an appointment online store home 

about usmeet our  veterinarians blog
 

servicespet wellness exam health screening vaccinations spay & neuter dental care surgery common pet surgeries pet surgery faqs pet surgery puppy  & kitten care senior pet care exotic pet care nutrition bland diet microchipping microchipping faqs parasite control parasite  prevention faqs flea and tick prevention cold laser  therapy
 take a tour 

patient resourcespet insurance online forms online store what to expect payment options veterinary resources pets pet memorials petsimonials pet health  problems faq common pet  health problems
 reviews contact us      the finest in veterinary carecontact us schedule an appointment contact us schedule an appointment we are hiring! call us for details     we treat your pets like familywelcome to mokena animal clinic, where we treat your pets like family! we understand how important your beloved companions are in your life, so we hope to play an important role in providing for their health and wellness for life. from dogs and cats to pocket pets and exotic animals, our skilled five-doctor team stands ready to provide a high standard of care. if you've been looking for the right mokena veterinarian for your needs, you'll find that veterinarian at our clinic!mokena animal clinic has built its reputation on solid credentials. we can provide your pet with a wide range of health and wellness solutions, from preventative care to surgical treatment. preventative care includes such essential procedures and vaccinations: pest prevention, dental checkups and cleanings, microchipping, and spay or neuter surgery. our digital x-rays and other advanced diagnostic techniques can help pinpoint any medical problems that require attention, while our on-site lab facility features quick, accurate testing. in addition to major surgery, we also provide non-invasive treatment measures ranging from cold laser therapy to nutritional counseling. you can think of us as your family's all-in-one veterinary resource.learn moremeet the teamview all 
  
dr. audrey faziodr. kate balldr. mary beth wajdadr. andrew bolokowiczdr. wayne ingmire 
  
our clinicmokena animal clinic can help your pet enjoy optimum health and wellness at all stages of life. animals require different levels and types of care at different stages, so our mokena veterinarian may advise you on changes in your pet's wellness needs from one year to the next. puppy and kitten care, for instance, emphasizes vaccinations and preventative care, partly because these baby animals have no natural immunity of their own against certain killer diseases.learn moreveterinary servicesthe veterinarians and staff at our clinic are ready to provide your pet with cutting edge veterinary medical care. from wellness exams and vaccines to advanced diagnostics and complex surgical procedures, your dog, cat, bird, or ferret will receive high quality care at our clinic.  pet wellness exam    vaccinations    spay & neuter    dental care    surgery    puppy & kitten care    bird & avian vet      exotic pet vet    senior pet care    nutrition    microchipping    parasite control    cold laser therapy   learn moreconnect with usgoogle reviews  great prices. very nice and open facility. very friendly staff. you don't feel like they're trying to just book appointments but actually care about your pet. keep up the good work.     lisa hill
3 months agovery caring and professional staff. all of my pets have received exceptional care. thanks     larry pierce
2 months agoi have been going to mokena animal clinic for 10 years and i could not be happier with their service. my vet dr. kate ball is the absolute best. she has been seeing my dogs since they were all puppies, she has been there every step of the way with my now 15 year old bishop. dr. ball has cared for all my pets like they are her own and i truly love that. my dogs are always so excited to see her which is truly heart warming. i highly recommend mokena animal clinic, especially dr. kate ball.     sam crothers
5 months agobest vet around!! the entire staff is friendly, professional and so kind! i can't say enough about the level of care my dog receives there. dr fazio is amazing! she really takes time to listen to your concerns. the office is always very clean, and i've never had a problem getting a last minute appointment there.     breanne pluth
6 months agosadly, we had to put our dog down last weekend due to his age and illness. the dog sensed what was probably happening and urinated on the floor. something that he does not do when in a room full of people. the staff was wonderful and compassionate. through tears we were present with him as he was administered the appropriate shots. the doctor was wonderful and understood what we were going through. even though this was an emotional experience for us, the office did not take advantage of our grief. the cost was very reasonable.     patrick mcguire
9 months agowe have been seeing wonderful vet, dr ball for many years. beautiful, clean clinic with welcoming staff     mayra pluta
4 months agothey have the friendliest staff! dr. fazio is so great with our dog and really takes her time to listen and answer questions. she has been so helpful and caring every time we visit.     pietro sansone
10 months agomy dog had slip disk. i went to 3 clinics that turned me down. they didn't have room or we didn't have a membership. i took her to this animal clinic and they took me in right away. it was a great experience the staff their was amazing. the prices are reasonable too. they took care of her. i recommend anyone who's pet is sick or something to go to this clinic.     alexia brunner
a year agohaving health issues with our beloved pets is hard enough. every one from the front office to the people in the back were kind, compassionate, and professional. dr. fazio was amazing! you can tell she is an animal lover and truly cared about our situation. i can't thank everyone there enough! highly recommend!     paul etchison
a year agolove the personal here. everyone is very friendly & caring about you and your animals. they take pride in their work and treat your animals as their own. been using this vet location for years.     risa vanovermeir
a year ago    mokena animal clinic, ltd.        contact us    9455 w. 191st street   mokena, il 60448       phone:  708-479-2811     fax:  708-479-2933        mon: 8:00am - 6:00pm   tue: 8:00am - 6:00pm   wed: 8:00am - 6:00pm   thur: 8:00am - 6:00pm     fri: 8:00am - 6:00pm   sat: closed   sun: closed           form submitted successfully! you are missing required fields. dynamic error description there was an error processing this form.      copyright © 2025 mokena animal clinic    privacy policy terms of use site map ada compliant   powered by:      send us a message       thank you. we will connect with you shortly. you are missing required fields. dynamic error description there was an error processing this form.          request appointment formwe will contact you to confirm the actual date,​​​​​​​time and doctor for your appointment       with whom*no preferencedr. faziodr. balldr. wajdadr. bolokowiczdr. kuhn  preferred time frame*8am-12pm12pm-3pm3pm-6pm you can add photos so the veterinarian can see what's wrong   thank you. we will connect with you shortly. you are missing required fields. dynamic error description there was an error processing this form.       https://www.mokenaanimalclinic.com/schedule-an-appointment   9455 w. 191st street mokena, il 60448      × login        forgot password? or   sign in with facebook sign in with google                looking to create an account ?   already have an account? login         × save search                   × saved searches                 × modal title   one fine body…   close save changes        × update profile       email     name     password     confirm password              
