



ted cortese , diva hair color salon - hair coloring and corrective hair color for memphis, germantown, collierville, tn 
















loading...


 change background 








home
services
products
profile
guestbook
contact
about uspressinfotestimonials






    ted cortese hair color salon





home
services
products
profile
guestbook
contact
about uspressinfotestimonials








welcome to  diva hair color studio, ted cortese hair colorist
located inside new beginnings salon
1086 w rex rd 



email signupclick here to sign my email list to stay updated and receive the latest news and special offers.


contactfind all the contact information you need on my contact page. email, phone, hours & maps.






	 ted cortese is considered memphis best hair colorist and the hair colorist hair colorist. ted offers memphis the highest quality of european natural organic ammonia free permanent hair color, hair color correction,  balayage,  highlights, lowlights  and hair color makeovers.   located in the center of the memphis metro area poplar @ 240, our salon has become the premiere destination for natural looking hair color in the midsouth.   ted cortese is a european trained  master corrective hair colorist specializing in hair color for "the woman who wants her hair color to look better than nature intended  ".

         "hair color is so important that if the wrong tone is applied, neither eye   color nor skin tones will be enhanced, no matter what make-up is used. great hair color can make you much more attractive and a lot younger looking. it is my belief that hair color should never be too extreme.  the color of the hair should be better than, not contrary to, nature enhanced".                                                          
ted uses your skin tones and eye color to find the perfect color to make you look your best. i love what i do and it's always about you.
             
ted cortese
european trained master corrective hair colorist
what celebrity  stylists  are saying about  ted cortese's  hair coloring. 
candy shaw,   atlanta ga.- "ted, it's wonderful!!!! i'm super impressed with your amazing balayage  color"
 mark garrison,   nyc  "fantastic, your not just a hair colorist your an artist"
world renowned hair colorist
beth minardi ,   nyc-  "ted!, just wonderful! you are truly talented. bravo!!!!!"
kevin murphy ,  australia- " amazing and truly beautiful colors"
guy tang ,   los angeles-  " great color work!!! good job ted".                                 
.                                                                                                     "best memphis hair color  salon"
 
"best of the best"
by the commercial appeal in
the readers choice awards 
"memphis's finest hair color specialty salon"-vogue 

 
 



 
	

follow us:






 
 






business hours
monday:closed
 tuesday:9:00am to 5:00pm
wednesday:1:00pm to 6:00pm
thursday:closed
  friday:9:00am to 5:00pm
  saturday: 8:30am to 1:00pm
sunday:closed






hair coloring and highlightsprofessional hair coloring and highlighting services are available using the highest quality european organic ammonia free hair color pigments available only through professional salons. our master colorist use your skin tones and eye color to pick the perfect hair color so you look your absolute best.call for a consultation to discuss your hair color goals and develop a plan with our master colorists to reach your objectives.   more detailsprofessional hair coloring and highlighting services are available using the highest quality european organic ammonia free hair color pigments available only through professional salons. our master colorist use your skin tones and eye color to pick the perfect hair color so you look your absolute best.call for a consultation to discuss your hair color goals and develop a plan with our master colorists to reach your objectives.   more details

ted corteseeuropean trained master corrective hair coloristted cortese became a hair stylist because he thought all people in the industry worked half a week and spent the rest of their time on boat docks.  the two stylists he met, when he was age 12 and 15, did just that.   at 19 ted entered hair school and surprised himself and everyone around him. he was a gifted prodigy.
within 3 months after graduation, ted won first place in memphis, then tennessee, and then the nation for hair cutting. ted then represented the usa in paris france and placed 9th in the world. at the young age of 21 he began to put his focus on natural hair coloring. today,  women come to ted from 17 states, france and england, for the finest, most natural beautiful haircolor to be found anywhere. at diva it's all about you.view my profileeuropean trained master corrective hair coloristted cortese became a hair stylist because he thought all people in the industry worked half a week and spent the rest of their time on boat docks.  the two stylists he met, when he was age 12 and 15, did just that.   at 19 ted entered hair school and surprised himself and everyone around him. he was a gifted prodigy.
within 3 months after graduation, ted won first place in memphis, then tennessee, and then the nation for hair cutting. ted then represented the usa in paris france and placed 9th in the world. at the young age of 21 he began to put his focus on natural hair coloring. today,  women come to ted from 17 states, france and england, for the finest, most natural beautiful haircolor to be found anywhere. at diva it's all about you.view my profile

scruples
oxygen energized formulas contain 300% more oxygen than standard hair care products. oxygen infused ingredients are more effective & deeper penetrating. hair is enriched with vigorously active nutrients for noticeably healthier hair.more products & brands
oxygen energized formulas contain 300% more oxygen than standard hair care products. oxygen infused ingredients are more effective & deeper penetrating. hair is enriched with vigorously active nutrients for noticeably healthier hair.more products & brands
keratin complex
this new revolutionary smoothing system infuses keratin deep into the hair cuticle eliminating up to ninety-five percent of the frizz and curl from the hair, leaving the hair soft, shiny and luxurious.more products & brands
this new revolutionary smoothing system infuses keratin deep into the hair cuticle eliminating up to ninety-five percent of the frizz and curl from the hair, leaving the hair soft, shiny and luxurious.more products & brands







(901)761-4247
1086 west rex rd., memphis, tn, 38119, united states





      © 2025 ted cortese hair color salon, all rights reserved. unauthorized duplication is prohibited.      
      powered by elaborative technologies serving the professional beauty industry with
salon builder and salon employment and beauty seeker
































