













































































bishop luers high school





skip to contentannual appeal - give today!search sitebishop luers high school - home of the knightsannual appeal - give today!search siteexploreexploretranslateexploretranslateabout bishop luers show submenu for about bishop luersabout bishop luerswelcomeadmissionsfaculty and staffcareersalumnifaith show submenu for faithfaithsacramental lifecampus ministrycatholic online resourcescommunity service  (sodalitas)bishop rhoades' pastoral visitsupport bishop luers show submenu for support bishop luerssupport bishop luersgiving"band with us" sponsorships2025 show choir invitational - patron drivestudent resources show submenu for student resourcesstudent resourcesschool counselingresources and linkscafe serviceslibraryknight resource timeextracurricularsextracurricularscontact show submenu for contactcontactcontact usvisitknight notes - the weekly newsletter from bishop luers high schoolmore show submenu for skip galleryluers spirit! we are the light of the world! end of galleryadmissionsathleticsfine artscalendar                        canvasdonate here

mission statement
bishop luers high school is a catholic educational community that instills in each student dignity, integrity, respect, and responsibility. nurtured by catholic truths, each student is able to face the challenges in his or her own life spiritually, academically, and socially, while serving god and others in a global and changing society. "you are the light of the world…. your light must shine before others, that they may see your good deeds and glorify your heavenly father."
  - matthew 5:14

vision statement
bishop luers high school will vibrantly show the face of christ in the actions and ministry of all students, families, teachers and staff. bishop luers high school will ensure that catholic secondary education is available, accessible and affordable for all who wish to attend.

belief statement
we believe bishop luers high school is a catholic high school built on a strong foundation of gospel values empowering all to live faith-filled lives. we believe in academic excellence where both students and teachers are actively engaged in the learning process. we believe that every student has the opportunity to achieve his or her god-given potential. we believe in a safe school environment nurtured by mutual respect and personal responsibility. we believe cultural, economic, and racial diversity enriches our school.



victim assistance
if you or someone you know is the victim of sexual misconduct or abuse by a member of the clergy or anyone
      ministering on behalf of the church, we are here to help and listen. as part of our ongoing care for victims of
      sexual misconduct and abuse, we offer pastoral support and counseling.
we pledge to listen, support, investigate, and follow our policies and procedures outlined by the bishop. please
      contact civil authorities and the diocesan victim assistance coordinator.



jodi marlin
           victim’s assistance coordinator
            phone: (260) 399-1447 jmarlin@diocesefwsb.org






rev. mark gurtner 
          vicar general
          phone: (260) 422-4611
          diocese of fort wayne-south bend attn: rev. mark gurtner
          p.o. box 390 fort wayne, indiana 46801
        



find usbishop luers high school333 east paulding roadfort wayne, in 46816tel: 260-456-1261front office hoursmonday - friday, 7:00am-3:30pmstay connectedcopyright © 2025 bishop luers high school. all rights reserved.powered by apptegy visit us to learn more

