






















homepage | cultural survival



















		  skip to main content
		

































 english español



















donate






main navigation


about us


how we work


values and principles


strategic plan


programmatic priorities


gender policy




the issues


staff


board


financials & annual reports




our approach


grantmaking: indigenous led funds


keepers of the earth fund


indigenous community media fund




capacity building


indigenous youth fellowship


indigenous writers in residence


supporting indigenous womens’ leadership


human rights defenders training




advocacy


sirge coalition


community media advocacy


human rights reporting




indigenous communications


community media


indigenous rights radio


cultural survival quarterly




cultural survival bazaar




our publications


cultural survival quarterly


latest csq


back issues


guidelines


ediciones anteriores en espanol




news and articles


human rights reports


webinars


annual reports




get involved


donate


intern or volunteer


jobs


attend a bazaar


shop cs




latest





















interculturality







humility







community







indigenous cosmovisions







self-determination


learn about our values 




trust






prev
next























advancing indigenous peoples' rights & cultures worldwide since 1972













our mission
cultural survival advocates for indigenous peoples' rights and supports indigenous communities’ self-determination, cultures and political resilience since 1972.

our vision
cultural survival envisions a future that respects and honors indigenous peoples' inherent rights and dynamic cultures, deeply and richly interwoven in lands, languages, spiritual traditions, and artistic expression, rooted in self-determination and self-governance.











programmatic priorities



 





 



















cultural survival quarterly
 


 


 


 


see all the issues










latest news




daily life of indigenous rural women in the sahel brings many challenges

                         14 feb, 2025                     





indigenous resistance to a made-in-canada mine

                         13 feb, 2025                     





indigenous rights radio celebrates 10 years of amplifying indigenous voices

                         13 feb, 2025                     

see all our news and reports










cultural survival staff









byron





byron
byron tenesaca guaman (kañari kichwa), fellowships coordinator, is from guapondelig situated in kañari territory (also known today as cuenca) in the…
meet byron











michelle 





michelle 
michelle de león, grants coordinator, was born and raised in guatemala.
meet michelle 











pablo





pablo
pablo xol (maya qʼeqchiʼ), design and marketing associate, is originally from guatemala but has been living and working in panama for the last…
meet pablo






meet the staff







latest indigenous rights radio podcasts


cultural survival · the impact of religion on maasai traditions and culture

cultural survival · special rapporteur on environmental defenders - michel forst extends a hand to indigenous peoples
learn more











2067 massachusetts avenue
cambridge, ma 02140
(617) 441-5400
cultural survival, inc. is a non-profit organization with federal 501(c)(3) status. fein 23-7182593.
land acknowledgement
we acknowledge that we are headquartered on massachusett land, in cambridge, ma, and we thank the past, current, and future indigenous stewards of this territory. 






our mission
cultural survival advocates for indigenous peoples' rights and supports indigenous communities’ self-determination, cultures and political resilience, since 1972.



our vision
cultural survival envisions a future that respects and honors indigenous peoples' inherent rights and dynamic cultures, deeply and richly interwoven in lands, languages, spiritual traditions, and artistic expression, rooted in self-determination and self-governance.





donate


stay informed
sign up today to stay informed about the latest news, cultural survival program updates, events and more...




email address 
 




cultural survival e-newsletter - news and updates 
bazaars and events 
information on conferences, meetings and global events pertaining to indigenous peoples 
free digital csq magazine 




 
 





























© 2023 cultural survival. all rights reserved. | donor privacy policy | ein: 23-7182593





















