






- santa fe striders





































































 




skip to content




santa fe striders
promoting a healthy lifestyle through running in northern new mexico

menu


group runs
races
calendar
membership
routes
info
scholarship
links
 






















about us
the santa fe striders (sfs) is an inclusive running club, founded in 1978. the club is  an all-volunteer 501(c)3 non-profit organization and a chapter member of the road runners club of america (rrca), a nationwide governing body for recreational running clubs. our mission is promoting a healthy lifestyle through running in northern new mexico.
the striders have weekly group runs and yearly social events, and we organize several races. proceeds from our races benefit the sfs scholarship and several local non-profit organizations, including girls on the run, the salvation army, and wings of america native american running program.
for more information: info@santafestriders.org
land acknowledgment 
the santa fe striders recognize that we gather, run, and foster community on the ancestral lands of the 23 tribes, nations, and pueblos of new mexico, who have cared for this land for generations. we honor their enduring connection to this region and acknowledge a painful history of displacement and colonization.
as a running group, we move through landscapes rich with culture and history. we commit to deepening our understanding of these lands and the indigenous peoples who have been its stewards. we express our gratitude to the native communities, past and present, and stand in solidarity with efforts to preserve and protect these lands for future generations.

source: https://edac.unm.edu/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/tribal.png 
commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion
the santa fe striders are committed to promoting diversity, equity, and inclusion within our club. we stand united in fostering an inclusive space where everyone has the opportunity to participate, thrive, and feel a sense of belonging. we strive to create an environment where all people—regardless of race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, ability, or background—feel welcome, supported, and respected. we believe in the power of running to bring communities together and will continue working to ensure our group reflects the rich diversity of the santa fe area.























join today!
info@santafestriders.org


promoting a healthy lifestyle through running in northern new mexico









 





sponsors















 






proudly powered by wordpress
/
				theme: shoreditch by automattic.			
























