





























furniture and family fun | the furniture mall





























furniture mall

outlet






					choose your store
					
 
 


 my account





 cart

					0				












call us
 


 cart

					0				





menu

 



 



×





 







 account




 cart



					×
				




						shop 
 




 back
					






							shop




living room
upholsterysofassectionalsloveseatschaisesreclinersottomans & footstoolschairschair with ottomansrockers & glidersliving room setslift chairsfutonsall motion furniture
tables & storagecoffee & cocktail tablesend & side tablesconsole & sofa tablesoccasional table setstv stands & entertainment centersstorage cabinets & chests
entry & hallwaybenches
fireplacesmassage chairsall living room

mattresses
mattresses by sizecalifornia kingkingqueenfulltwin xltwinsplit california kingsplit kingsplit queen
mattresses by comfortultra plushplushcushion firmfirm
mattresses by typeinnerspringfoamhybridpocketed coilmattress in a box
brandstempur-pedicsertastearns & fostersealymattress 1st
mattress accessoriesmattress protectorspillowssheet sets
mattress basesfoundations & box springsadjustable basesbed frames
support reportshop all mattresses


dining room
tables & chairsdining setsdining tablesdining chairsbar stoolspub sets
storage & displayservers & buffetscurios & cabinetskitchen islandswine cabinets & racksbars & bar cartsbaker's racks
all dining room

bedroom
beds & storagedressers & chestsmirrorsnightstandsbedsarmoires & wardrobesvanitiesheadboardsbed frames
beddingpillowscomfortersquilts & coverletsduvets & shamssheet sets
kids bedroom furniturekids bedskids headboardskids nightstandskids dressers & chestskids lightingkids beddingbunk & loft beds
all bedroom

outdoor
home office
desks & chairsdesksoffice chairshome office sets
storagebookcasescabinets
all home office

accessories
accents & decoraccent piecesrugsart & wall decorthrow pillows & throwsaccent mirrorsclocksaccent seatingroom dividers and screenspet accessories
lighting & organizationlighting & fansorganization & storageshelving
all accessories

outlet
clearance


							helpful info



design studiolocations & hoursfinancingprotection plansdeliveryfree design servicesblogfaq



							sale


							our story



 my account

 locations

 contact

 











 






shop by department






                    living room                






                    mattresses                






                    dining room                






                    bedroom                






                    home accents                






                    outdoor                






                    clearance                






                    outlet                





not sure what you're looking for?
start here







it's all about your style...
let our designers help you with your next project.
start your next project







our passion
is to provide an experience that causes you to say 'ohh yeah!'
experience the furniture mall








your own oasis
furnishings for your dream bedroom






                            beds                        






                            bedroom sets                        






                            nightstands                        






                            dressers & chests                        











what are people saying?







                                i have been buying furniture at the furniture mall for over 10 years and wouldn’t think of going any place else. i would highly recommend this place to everyone and already do. thanks for the great furniture and great customer service.                            


                                    tammy                                


























                                the delivery guys were exceptional! they help move all the old furniture and were patient enough to deal with the delays i caused in picking up the room. their patience was outstanding! i appreciate all the extra effort! i would highly recommend furniture mall of kansas to anyone looking for a great product and great service.                            


                                    ross                                


























                                everyone was very helpful and the selection was great! they made sure we had a great experience and ordered exactly what we wanted! the cookies, drinks and ice cream were a great surprise!                            


                                    victoria                                

























the furniture mall - kansas, missouri furniture & mattress store
our story begins back in 1933 when ben and eva winter opened "the howdy come in" lunch room, gas station and frozen homemade custard shop west of emporia, kansas. when a hitchhiker stopped in with two suitcases-one for clothes and one for his cabinet maker tools-the winters hired him to build a child's chifforobe for bobby, the new baby, and a partnership was born! since then we moved emporia to topeka and had stores in salina. our locations now include topeka, olathe and lee's summit. we have gone from a single store to a furniture mall with five stores that offer the "small" store feel and the "big" store selection.
through all the changes and growth many things have remained timeless for us. these include our dedication to being the best at helping our guests have more beautiful and comfortable homes, treating our employees like family, and being committed to the communities we reside in.
 
  
 














						i accept the terms and conditions.
					



sign up for the latest vip events & design tips


email:




							zip code						


sign up







join the conversation!



  facebook



  twitter


  youtube


  pinterest


  instagram


  houzz


  rss
 










we love the feeling of coming home, and at the furniture mall we are devoted to helping you create your perfect home sanctuary. we promise that you will find only the most current trends at the best quality and at the lowest prices!








shop
living roomdining roombedroomoutdoorhome officeaccessoriesmattressesoutletclearanceshop all furnitureour brands

we're here to help
design studiolocations & hoursfinancingdeliveryfree design servicesblogfaq

contact us
email usgive us feedbackorder status


about us
our storycommunitycareersdiscover the funtestimonials


resources
wedding registrycustom ordersgood, better, bestsupport reportwarrantiesmattress warrantyprotection plansreturnsdesigner clubrealtor rewardsunsubscribe


my account
sign inforgot passwordmy wishlist
 

accessibility








					© 2025 the furniture mall. all rights reserved.
				


privacy policy
site map
offers & details*



 

our brands +


3121 home

a. america

amisco

amish impressions

archbold furniture, co.

art furniture

ashley furniture

bedgear

benchcraft

berlin gardens, llc

bernhardt furniture

charisma

classic home

clayton

corinthian

couch potatoes

cozy life

cozzia

dalyn

decor-rest furniture ltd.

design 2 recline

easy living

emerald home furnishings

flexsteel furniture

fmok premier

fmok selects

franklin corporation

giovani

green gables

heartland heritage amish

hillsdale furniture

holland house furniture

home trends & design

homestyles

img comfort

international furniture direct

jaipur home

jli

kirkwood designs

kuper lane

la-z-boy furniture

lane furniture

magnussen home

malouf

mattress 1st

mayo

millcraft

millennium by ashley

oriental weavers

pacific paladin imports co.

paragon

parker house

purple

sealy

serta

signature design by ashley

simmons beautyrest

standard furniture

stearns & foster

stressless

sunny designs

superior furniture

synergy home furnishings

tempur-pedic

tennessee custom upholstery

ultra comfort

uttermost

weekender

winners only


 
about us +

we love the feeling of coming home, and at the furniture mall, we are devoted to helping you create your perfect home sanctuary. we have everything to furnish your space ranging from sofas, recliners, and dining sets to the best mattresses available. plus, we love helping each step of the way, which is why we offer free in-home design, no-obligation consultations, custom ordering, and financing. whether you are in topeka, olathe, austin, or one of the many areas in between, the furniture mall will help you furnish your home with the best quality furniture and mattresses at the lowest price!






errors & omissions
the information displayed on this website is accurate to the best of our ability. please contact your local store to confirm product pricing, availability, fabric colors, and promotional dates.

 

discovery furniture, inc.






 





































