examiner-enterprise: local news, politics & sports in bartlesville, oknews sports entertainment lifestyle advertise obituaries enewspaper legals  winter storm to slam bartlesville with heavy snow and sub zero tempstraffic ticket scheme was netting millions for oklahoma da's officewhat started the stitt-walters feud and what the fallout might bethousands of federal workers fired as trump, musk escalate purge the crossword        obituaries        enewspaper        osu reclaims top spot in big 12 women's basketball power… big 12 power rankings: kansas state's win streak leads… rfk jr. confirmed as health and human services secretary rfk jr. confirmed as health and human services secretary  feud between gov. stitt, ryan walters escalates over… winter storm to slam bartlesville with heavy snow and sub zero temps  traffic ticket scheme was netting millions for oklahoma da's office  what started the stitt-walters feud and what the fallout might be more in news college basketball rankings: sec teams in new coaches, ap polls  goodbread: sec basketball to crash ncaa tournament party like no other  the top six contenders to join the club of coaches with national title more in sports oklahomans aren't meeting their nutritional needs. how can we fix our diet? see the lights of bartlesville's fantasy land  the great thanksgiving pie showdown: vote for pumpkin or pecan more in life walt disney holds record for most oscars. how many has he won?  'no indication' of hate crime in murder of sam nordquist: police  youtube tv, paramount agree on multi-year deal to keep cbs on platform more in trending 🇺🇸 20 best presidents day sales to shop today  how to watch 4 nations face-off, canada vs. finland and usa vs. sweden  save up to $883 on hexclad cookware with these winning deals more in shoppingwinners announced!       contests       comics       more in conteststimeline shows how the stitt-walters political relationship evolved ryan walters is hurting oklahoma's economy, business leaders say travis kelce is one of the best ever. but it's clearly time to go. after a monthlong surge, oklahoma flu cases are going down sec basketball power rankings: auburn, alabama approach showdown atop the leaguecareers staff directory accessibility sitemap legals our ethical principles responsible disclosure subscription terms & conditions terms of service privacy policy your privacy choicescontact us support local business advertise your business buy and sell licensing & reprints help center manage account give feedbacksubscribe today newsletters facebook x enewspaper archivesjobs cars homes classifieds shopping 10best localiq digital marketing solutions© 2025 www.examiner-enterprise.com. all rights reserved.