



 






luxury annapolis real estate with top realtor connie cadwell





















































connie's listingsjust sold!condo expertcondo communities in annapolismls search 
testimonialsaboutannapolis market resourcescontact 





























410.693.1705





connie's listingsjust sold!condo expertcondo communities in annapolismls search 


testimonialsaboutannapolis market resourcescontact 






























































 





featured properties


view all properties









annapolis area luxury listings


view all properties









annapolis condo expert


view all properties



connie is an expert on the annapolis condominium market. she has a unique understanding of what it takes to market condominiums and the nuances involved in navigating these transactions. an original resident of shearwater condominium on the spa creek, she has been played a role in hundreds of transactions involving these fabulous units, and she has the inside knowledge that you need to buy or sell one of your own.






condo news


for the latest updates concerning the shearwater condo community, please click the link below to learn about community maintenance, amenities, utilities and more!
read more





contact me

please fill in the required fields
your submission has been sent.








first name is required.



last name is required.



phone number is required.



email address is required.



please enter your questions/comments.





 receive property alerts
            



send now


 








just sold


view all properties









contact me

voted one of the top 100 agents for coldwell banker residential brokerage

recognized by peers and clients as one of annapolis' most respected real estate professionals, connie cadwell is the leading resource to rely on in our area's housing market. she is a native marylander that knows the region, the business, and the people.
connie cadwell came to annapolis for a weekend in 1978 and discovered a whole new way of life. ever since, connie has been successfully helping others make the most of this exciting lifestyle. as someone who makes friends easily, she receives great pleasure from introducing you to the annapolis lifestyle and its people, neighborhoods, events and the best crab cakes in town.
connie helps to open people's eyes to find them precisely what they need by looking beyond the obvious. connie takes care of people - it's her nature. organized, creative, intuitive, knowledgeable, trustworthy, loyal and caring are qualities that describe her well.
read more 






410.693.1705 cell | 410.263.8686 office
			

connie@conniecadwell.com

coldwell banker realty
owned and operated by a subsidiary of nrt llc


























			copyright © 2025 connie cadwell, all rights reserved. | site map
website design by d3, ocean city, maryland.
		




 




