
















digital urban




















































digital urban



























































































































































































2012-08-03





we have moved.... the final blogger post








tweet


digital urban is moving from blogger, over the next few hours the domain will point to a new server hosting us on a wordpress system.



digital urban 2005

its been a blast, with over 1900 posts dating from 2005 and 3000+ comments, it equates to roughly 350,000 words on everything from architectural visualisation through to virtual worlds, timelapse movies, panoramic kit and onwards towards the internet of things and smart cities.

the good news is all the posts and comments are ported across to the new system and with the new functionality we can offer a much more social/dynamic site with the ability to group together content, allow discussion forums and put in place the next steps for du.

http://www.digitalurban.blogspot.com  - it was fun.

for those visiting after the move head over to http://www.digitalurban.org





at
friday, august 03, 2012


0
comments
























email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest











2012-08-02





a sneak peak at the new digital urban








tweet



we are working on a new look at digitalurban, at the moment its very much in its beta phase with the move away from blogger and into wordpress. the move allows us to set up a range of new features and portfolio type pages, for example if you click on ‘tutorials’ or any of the scrolling images on the front page you will be taken to a new gallery style layout for themed posts. with over 1800 posts over the years this will allow us to group them in sections and upload featured themes over the coming months.







as ever with the redesigns over the years we value your comments – let us know what you think and if you have any requests for other features, for example would an online forum be useful?

its been great over at blogger but its time to move on and grow, so we hope you like the new look and the move to wordpress.

all our  ‘tweaking’ is going on under the domain of digitalurban.net  - we will move it all to the main digitalurban.org soon as we can, our .net domain will then be placed into parking, so this url is purely for a sneak peak….

if you keen to take a look and leave a comment under the new look blog post then head over to our beta site at http://www.digitalurban.org






at
thursday, august 02, 2012


1 comments
























email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest











2012-07-13





casa: mres advanced spatial analysis and visualisation








tweet

below we provide full details for 2012 entry on the new mres in advanced spatial analysis and visualisation (asav). the course reflects the current state of play in geographic, urban and architectural information systems with an emphasis on visualisation, analysis and modelling. taught at the centre for advanced spatial analysis, home of digital urban, it is an innovative and exciting opputunity to study at ucl with a mres acting as a pathway to a phd or further career in asav.














learn the science of cities and the art of visualisation at ucl's centre for advanced spatial analysis from september 2012  

cities have never been more important. more than a half of the world's population is now urban, presenting new social and environmental questions unique to the 21st century.  as a student at ucl's centre for advanced spatial analysis, you will learn to lead the way in collecting, analyzing and visualizing the datasets required to answer the big questions of the next century.




at casa, we have access to data relating to anything from the locations of london's buses in near real time through to passenger flows on the london underground network and people's tweets about urban issues. in addition to our work with this so-called "big data", casa is also renowned for communicating complex information and ideas to a wide audience of researchers, policy makers and non-specialists alike. the centre comprises a rich mix of researchers ranging from computer scientists, physicists and mathematicians through to geographers, architects and planners. this creates a vibrant and truly interdisciplinary research and teaching environment.




the casa mres in advanced spatial analysis and visualisation trains students in key techniques in geographical information science, programming visualisations, 3d modeling and mathematical methods of spatial analysis, and with core modules on research methods and academic communication, builds towards a student-led dissertation, incorporating skills from the taught modules. the degree includes a group project which acts as a portfolio for the student's developing visualisation expertise within a piece of a collaborative coursework.




the course contains technical and mathematical content, but there is no prerequisite for students to have programming experience - students can take an optional course introducing them to programming methods in term one if they choose, or learn these skills independently and at their own pace. more important is the desire to challenge yourself - we are looking for applicants from geographical, planning and related social science and humanities backgrounds as well as graduates of more mathematical or computational subjects who are keen to develop their existing skills in a new substantive field.




to discover more about the course content and how to apply, click here:

http://www.bartlett.ucl.ac.uk/casa/programmes/postgraduate/mres-advanced-spatial-analysis-visualisation



or download our course leaflet here:

http://www.casa.ucl.ac.uk/downloads/mresasav-2013.pdf








full-time study applications close 3rd august 2012.

modular flexible (part-time) study applications close 7thseptember 2012.

term begins 24th september 2012.


















at
friday, july 13, 2012


0
comments

















labels:
3d modelling,
3dmax,
agent based modelling,
augmented reality,
autodesk,
big data,
casa course,
cityengine,
dataviz,
esri,
geospatial,
mres asav,
processing,
the bartlett,
ucl







email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest











2012-07-11





2 fully funded phd studentships at casa: smart cities / smart urban








tweet

we are pleased to announce 2 fully funded phd studentships at the centre for advanced spatial analysis, university college london.


full details below, its a unique opportunity to carry out new cutting edge research in the field of smart cities:





phd 1 - casa and the greater london authority

funding type: impact award

project title: phd studentship: smart cities and opendata: icity

funding duration: 3 years

annual stipends: year 1: £15,980pa (tax free) + tuition fees + travel allowance, year 2: £16,380pa (tax free) + tuition fees + travel allowance, year 3: £16,790pa (tax free) + tuition fees + travel allowance

department: ucl centre for advanced spatial analysis, the bartlett

company: the greater london authority (economics)

closing date: 13th august 2012

start date: 1st october 2012



about the research

the essence of this phd studentship is to pose and answer the question: “can open access to a city’s data feed and infrastructure create a positive impact on its inhabitants, influence policy and enhance sustainability, well-being and cross cultural interaction?”



the research proposal is in collaboration with the greater london authority (gla), specifically via the european funded ‘icity’ project which aims to help develop the concept of smart cities by encouraging the collaboration of private sector developers with the public sector to deliver services of use to the people who live, work and play in our cities.



building on the success of open data projects such as the london datastore, the studentship will explore best practices through example and documentation into how public infrastructure and data could be made available for developers to create services for the public.  cities already invest heavily in infrastructure for their operational running. for london this includes amongst other things cctv cameras, environmental sensors, wi-fi enabled tube stations, electronic ticketing, and public transport information systems. icity aims to optimise this existing investment by working in partnership with the private sector. the resulting services can be mobile, web based or for use by public sector to provide services to the public.



the icity project is developing a shared technological platform to integrate the 4 participant cities: barcelona, bologna, genoa and london. for further details see http://www.icityproject.com/ the studentship will build research links with these partners and through developing online and mobile bespoke solutions detail how smart use of open access to a city’s data feed, via online and mobile applications, can create a positive impact on its inhabitants, influence policy and enhance sustainability, well-being and cross-cultural interaction.



the project opens up exciting research opportunities to better understand the use of digital technologies for improving the ways that people interact with their urban environment and each other.  it also enables for the first time, access to public sector infrastructure for research uses. for example, what use could be made of the increasingly ‘live’ data feeds, as visualised on casa’s citydashboard (http://www.citydashboard.org).



background



the london datastore was launched by the gla in 2010 (http://data.london.gov.uk) with the aim to allow citizens to access the data that the gla and other public sector organisations hold, and to use that data however they see fit – free of charge. the gla is encouraging other public sector organisations into releasing their data too. the studentship will be at the heart of this development with a view to aiding the development of data standards, online and mobile application development. 



many applications have already been created using this open data source with the associated commercial return. applications include accessing live running transport data to help people with their journey planning, visualising crime data to help with police accountability and cycle hire apps that show the nearest locations of cycle docking stations and if there are any stands free. in casa, we are building a real time information system that lets users query tube and bus networks so that we can figure out the best ways to travel as part of our oyster card network project. icity will build on this initial start. expected medium term impacts include a wider variety of applications available for citizens and better quality information sources for applications that already exist.

supervision arrangements

the primary academic supervisor will be dr andrew hudson-smith frsa. dr andrew hudson-smith is director and deputy chair of the centre for advanced spatial analysis (casa), he is editor-in-chief of future internet journal, an elected fellow of the royal society of arts and course founder and director of the mres in advanced spatial analysis and visualisation at university college london.



the industrial supervisor will be dr margarethe theseira, senior manager at gla economics.

about casa

the centre for advanced spatial analysis (casa) is a centre in the bartlett faculty of the built environment (the bartlett). the bartlett is university college london’s world-leading faculty for multidisciplinary education and research for the built environment. casa's focus is to be at the forefront of what is one of the grand challenges of 21st century science: to build a science of cities from a multidisciplinary base, drawing on cutting edge methods, and ideas in modelling, complexity, visualisation and computation. our current mix of architects, geographers, mathematicians, physicists, archaeologists and computer scientists make casa a unique department within ucl.

casa is central to this new science, the science of smart cities, and the relationship to city planning, policy and architecture in its widest sense. the focus is on advancing the state of the art through the application of computer models, data visualisation techniques, innovative sensing technologies, mobile applications, data visualisation and urban and regional theory linked to city systems.



www.casa.ucl.ac.uk

about the greater london authority

the gla was created by the gla act of 1999 and formally established on 3 july 2000.  the gla act of 2007 introduced additional and enhanced powers for the mayor of london and the london assembly in several areas including housing, planning, climate change, waste, health and culture.



our three main areas of responsibility are: economic development and wealth creation, social development and environmental improvement. these are underpinned by six statutory themes of equality of opportunity, sustainable development, health, health inequalities, climate change (covering both adaptation and mitigation) and community safety.



www.london.gov.uk



eligibility criteria

residency

all candidates for the full award (fees plus full stipend) must have established uk residency. to check whether or not you are eligible please consult the epsrc eligibility criteria at http://www.epsrc.ac.uk/funding/students/pages/eligibility.aspx.

academic qualifications

the applicant should possess a good honours degree (1st class or 2:1 minimum); an msc/mres in advanced spatial analysis and visualisation, computer science, geoinformatics, computational social sciences, or related disciplines. you need to be familiar with geographic information and software development, and be able to work with a team that will include computer scientists, social scientists, strategists and policy makers.

how to apply

your application will only be considered if you complete both parts of the application process. 



applicants should complete the online application form on the ucl postgraduate application and entry page (http://www.ucl.ac.uk/prospective-students/graduate-study/application-admission). you should ensure your references; transcripts etc are in place so your application can be considered in time. please enter the programme as research degree: ucl centre for advanced spatial analysis (rrdcassing01); and name dr andrew hudson-smith as the proposed supervisor. 




in addition, applicants should email the following to sonja curtis at s.curtis@ucl.ac.uk  


o   a cover letter (addressed to dr andrew hudson-smith, ucl casa) of a maximum one page in length, demonstrating how and why you think you are suitable for this studentship; 

o   a two-page research proposal based on the project description;

o   a cv.


phd 2 - casa

funding type:  epsrc
studentship 

project title: smart
urban: sensors, opendata, the crowd and the internet of things

funding duration:3 years

annual stipends:year 1: £15,980pa (tax free) + tuition fees + travel
allowance, year
2: £16,380pa (tax free) + tuition fees + travel allowance, year
3: £16,790pa (tax free) + tuition fees + travel allowance

department: ucl
centre for advanced spatial analysis, the bartlett

closing date: 13th
august 2012

start date: 1st
october 2012





vacancy information



three year funded phd
studentship in smart urban: sensors, opendata, the crowd and the internet of
things based at the centre for advanced spatial analysis, university college
london.



studentship description



emerging open
source sensors, connected objects, diverse data feeds and crowd-sourcing
techniques are moving us towards a new age in our understanding of place and space.
working on a macro ‘smart-city’ scale down to the micro ‘hyper-local’ level we
are able to collect and analyse data relating not only to the external
operations of the city but increasingly into the buildings themselves. we are
connecting, sensing, monitoring and visualising our environment, people and
objects at an every increasing rate, creating need for spatial analysis
combined with new research methods to aid our understanding of these emerging
data feeds. 



the research will
focus on deploying, collating, visualising and communicating various data feeds
to enhance our understanding of the ‘smart cities’ and ‘smart places’ towards
creating a hypothesis around smart urban systems. from using motion sensors,
such as the xbox kinect, though to emerging innovative devices such as the ‘air
quality egg’ combined with feeds from various data stores, check-ins and
onwards to connected devices via the internet of things the candidate will
require an innovative approach to research. 

supervision
arrangements

the primary academic supervisor
will be dr andrew hudson-smith frsa. dr andrew hudson-smith is director and deputy chair of the centre for
advanced spatial analysis (casa), he is editor-in-chief of future internet
journal, an elected fellow of the royal society of arts and course founder and
director of the mres in advanced spatial analysis and visualisation at
university college london. he is the author of ‘digital urban’ http://www.digitalurban.org. 



about casa

the centre for advanced spatial analysis
(casa) is a centre in the bartlett faculty of the built environment (the
bartlett). the bartlett is university college london’s world-leading faculty
for multidisciplinary education and research for the built environment. casa's
focus is to be at the forefront of what is one of the grand challenges of 21st
century science: to build a science of cities from a multidisciplinary base,
drawing on cutting edge methods, and ideas in modelling, complexity,
visualisation and computation. our current mix of architects, geographers,
mathematicians, physicists, archaeologists and computer scientists make casa a
unique department within ucl.




casa is central to this new
science, the science of smart cities, and the relationship to city planning,
policy and architecture in its widest sense. the focus is on advancing the
state of the art through the application of computer models, data visualisation techniques,
innovative sensing technologies, mobile applications, data visualisation and
urban and regional theory linked to city systems.



www.casa.ucl.ac.uk

eligibility criteria

residency

all candidates for the full award (fees
plus full stipend) must have established uk residency. to check
whether or not you are eligible please consult the epsrc eligibility
criteria at http://www.epsrc.ac.uk/funding/students/pages/eligibility.aspx.

academic qualifications

the applicant
should possess a good honours degree (1st class or 2:1 minimum); an msc/mres in
advanced spatial analysis, computer science, geoinformatics, computational
social sciences, or related disciplines. you need to be familiar with
geographic information and software development, and be able to work with a
team that will include computer scientists, social scientists, strategists and
policy makers.



how to apply

your
application will only be considered if you complete both parts of the
application process. 



applicants should complete
     the online application form on the ucl postgraduate application and entry
     page (http://www.ucl.ac.uk/prospective-students/graduate-study/application-admission).
     you should ensure your references; transcripts etc are in place so your
     application can be considered in time. please enter the programme as
     research degree: ucl centre for advanced spatial analysis (rrdcassing01);
     and name dr andrew hudson-smith as the proposed supervisor. 




in addition, applicants
     should email the following to sonja curtis at
     s.curtis@ucl.ac.uk  


o   a cover letter (addressed to dr
andrew hudson-smith, ucl casa) of a maximum one page in length, demonstrating
how and why you think you are suitable for this studentship; 

o   a two-page research proposal based
on the project description;

o   a cv.

       



 







at
wednesday, july 11, 2012


0
comments
























email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest







2012-06-26





540 miles in 3 minutes: an aviation timelapse








tweet

nearly 7,000 photos make up this 3 minute video of a flight from mdt-atl (harrisburg to atlanta) flying in a crj-200:


 540 miles in 3 minutes from mitchell blackburn on vimeo.


lovely, created by mitchell blackburn on vimeo.




at
tuesday, june 26, 2012


0
comments

















labels:
atlanta,
aviation,
flight timelapse,
harrisburg,
timelapse







email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest









a city in motion: vancouver








tweet

captured from the 21st floor of an apartment overlooking vancouver - we esp like the zoom in on the skytrain:




the movie was captured by tmac over on vimeo.




at
tuesday, june 26, 2012


1 comments

















labels:
city in motion,
city timelapse,
timelapse,
vancouver







email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest









3d visualisation of world flight paths








tweet

robin edwards, a student on our mres in advanced spatial analysis and visualisation here at the centre for advanced spatial analysis, university college london, has used processing to create a visualisation using data from  openflights.org.

the clip below visualises approx 50,000 active flight-paths,interpolating motion along great circle paths for dynamic effect:





robin notes that it does not account for multiple airlines or scheduled flights, but the path data still seems a reasonable proxy for flight visualisation.


for more head over to http://geotheory.org/ 



we like it so much it is slide one in our lecture on geography in a web 3.0 world at the research methods festival 2012 at oxford university next week...




at
tuesday, june 26, 2012


0
comments

















labels:
casa mres,
data visualisation,
flight path data,
mres in advanced spatial analysis and visualisation,
openflights







email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest







2012-06-25





future internet, volume 4, issue 2: 16 new papers








tweet



we are pleased to announce the publication of the following issue:

future internet, volume 4, issue 2 (june 2012), pages pages 362-617

http://www.mdpi.com/1999-5903/4/2/





table of contents:
line lundvoll nilsenarticle: collaboration between professionals: the use of videoconferencing for delivering e-healthfuture internet 2012, 4(2), 362-371; doi:10.3390/fi4020362http://www.mdpi.com/1999-5903/4/2/362/sean kennedy, owen molloy, robert stewart, paul jacob, maria maleshkova and frank dohenyarticle: a semantically automated protocol adapter for mapping soap web services to restful http format to enable the web infrastructure, enhance web service interoperability and ease web service migrationfuture internet 2012, 4(2), 372-395; doi:10.3390/fi4020372http://www.mdpi.com/1999-5903/4/2/372/kostas zafiropoulos, vasiliki vrana and dimitrios vagianosarticle: bloggers’ community characteristics and influence within greek political blogospherefuture internet 2012, 4(2), 396-412; doi:10.3390/fi4020396http://www.mdpi.com/1999-5903/4/2/396/john n. davies, paul comerford and vic groutarticle: principles of eliminating access control lists within a domainfuture internet 2012, 4(2), 413-429; doi:10.3390/fi4020413http://www.mdpi.com/1999-5903/4/2/413/eduardo b. fernandez, ola ajaj, ingrid buckley, nelly delessy-gassant, keiko hashizume and maria m. larrondo-petriearticle: a survey of patterns for web services security and reliability standardsfuture internet 2012, 4(2), 430-450; doi:10.3390/fi4020430http://www.mdpi.com/1999-5903/4/2/430/maurizio pollino, grazia fattoruso, luigi la porta, antonio bruno della rocca and valentina jamesarticle: collaborative open source geospatial tools and maps supporting the response planning to disastrous earthquake eventsfuture internet 2012, 4(2), 451-468; doi:10.3390/fi4020451http://www.mdpi.com/1999-5903/4/2/451/david g. rosado, rafael gómez, daniel mellado and eduardo fernández-medinaarticle: security analysis in the migration to cloud environmentsfuture internet 2012, 4(2), 469-487; doi:10.3390/fi4020469http://www.mdpi.com/1999-5903/4/2/469/sebastian müller, franziska brecht, benjamin fabian, steffen kunz and dominik kunzearticle: distributed performance measurement and usability assessment of the tor anonymization networkfuture internet 2012, 4(2), 488-513; doi:10.3390/fi4020488http://www.mdpi.com/1999-5903/4/2/488/sam nordfeldt and carina berteröarticle: young patients’ views on the open web 2.0 childhood diabetes patient portal: a qualitative studyfuture internet 2012, 4(2), 514-527; doi:10.3390/fi4020514http://www.mdpi.com/1999-5903/4/2/514/kostas zafiropoulos, ioannis karavasilis and vasiliki vranaarticle: assessing the adoption of e-government services by teachers in greecefuture internet 2012, 4(2), 528-544; doi:10.3390/fi4020528http://www.mdpi.com/1999-5903/4/2/528/jason farmaneditorial: introduction to the social transformations from the mobile internet special issuefuture internet 2012, 4(2), 545-550; doi:10.3390/fi4020545http://www.mdpi.com/1999-5903/4/2/545/david a. newell, margaret m. pembroke and william e. boydarticle: crowd sourcing for conservation: web 2.0 a powerful tool for biologistsfuture internet 2012, 4(2), 551-562; doi:10.3390/fi4020551http://www.mdpi.com/1999-5903/4/2/551/francesco rotondoarticle: the u-city paradigm: opportunities and risks for e-democracy in collaborative planningfuture internet 2012, 4(2), 563-574; doi:10.3390/fi4020563http://www.mdpi.com/1999-5903/4/2/563/marcus goetzarticle: using crowdsourced indoor geodata for the creation of a three-dimensional indoor routing web applicationfuture internet 2012, 4(2), 575-591; doi:10.3390/fi4020575http://www.mdpi.com/1999-5903/4/2/575/chiara garauarticle: focus on citizens: public engagement with online and face-to-face participation—a case studyfuture internet 2012, 4(2), 592-606; doi:10.3390/fi4020592http://www.mdpi.com/1999-5903/4/2/592/quynh lê, hoang boi nguyen and tony barnettarticle: smart homes for older people: positive aging in a digital worldfuture internet 2012, 4(2), 607-617; doi:10.3390/fi4020607http://www.mdpi.com/1999-5903/4/2/607/




at
monday, june 25, 2012


0
comments

















labels:
future internet,
journal,
papers







email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest









older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)




















digital urban is written by dr andrew hudson-smith, director of the centre for advanced spatial analysis, the bartlett, university college london.


for regular updates follow us on twitter.






popular posts









the sims 3: building a house
the sims 3 is a strategic life simulation game engine in the popular and critically acclaimed the sims franchise, originally created by maxi...










greeble a 3d city: tutorial 2: the cityscape
a city can be constructed using 3d studio max in under 5 minutes using the greeble plugin and a few simple steps. in the second part of our ...










how to create a professional zoom movie in google earth (free version)
*update - see our latest post , creating a zoom movie in google earth is now much easier... *   the best movies of earth involve a zoom from...










tutorial - quick and easy augmented reality from sketchup/3dmax etc
creating your own augmented reality is, thanks to artag, staggeringly easy. yet behind the simplicity lays a serious potential for both the ...










the clockwork city
the clockwork city is an urban structure concept whereby entire districts move, thus negating the need for transport systems. need to get to...










tutorial - how to capture google maps for printing and poster design
using either our gmapcreator  or any other google mapping application it is possible to create some stunning maps that would look good in ei...










how to create an aerial panorama from google earth
peter murphy  (one of the leading lights in the panoramic world) sent us a email on monday with the thought of creating panoramas from a dig...










how to build a 3d printer in 24 hours
last weekend the office here at casa was taken over by the reprap 3d printer  build. the payitforward  team - a group of altruistic people w...










greeble a 3d city: tutorial 1: greeble skyscraper
greebles became a core part of our ' fantasy architecture city ' a few years back - allowing details to be added to buildings quickl...










digital urban - the tutorials
this post contains links to all of our tutorials to date - created as a reference page for blog links or bookmarks to ensure the tutorials c...








  subscribe
 





latest news

our art deco style tweet-o-meter is now in the british library



data mash-ups and the future of mapping: jisc report published


talesofthings in the new york times.


talesofthings features in mashable's spark of genius series, sponsored by microsoft's bizspark.

our digital urban booklet is now available as a  free pdf



rfid/qrcode rememberme project gets into wired



 talesofthings allows any object to 'tweet': attach any media to any thing... read more




recent comments


loading...































































powered by blogger.























