


jing institute of chinese martial arts & culture: your resource for san 
diego kung fu, wushu, tai chi, wing chun, and bujinkan!
























what we teach

schedule & events


instructors

photographs




 




jing for 
kids!






locations and directions



links



like us



read our thoughts



watch us













events 
 

 
february 2025 
			



happy chinese new year!
				the year of the snake began on january 29, 2025, but we'll be celebrating for a while!

chinese new year festival - downtown
				jing performs on saturday, february 8, at 3pm.
				
 



chinese new year festival - balboa park
				jing performs on saturday, february 15, at 3:15pm.
				
 
 


ongoing 
		





jing
kids

jing is here to help keep your children mentally and physically active.
								
								
								visit our jing kids website and register for our after-school  program, the only after-school program in scripps ranch that teaches chinese language and wushu / kung-fu every school day.
				
				
				don't let your kids fall behind in academics, physical education, or chinese language!
				


taiji and wushu classes continue!




				
													 (we are actually indoors again, but we have big windows and lots of plants, so i keep this photo.) see our schedule and join us!							
													 

 
















welcome to jing!
the 
								jing institute is a california heritage school 
								located in scripps ranch, in san diego. we are 
								proud to teach classical chinese treasures:




chinese language (mandarin) 





for 
										children: for your convenience and 
										your children's education, we have a
										
										weekday after-school program and spring 
										camp and summer camps.


for adults: 
										we are happy to connect you with one of 
										our wonderful chinese teachers for 
										private chinese conversation lessons.





chinese martial arts -- wushu, taiji, 
									bagua, and xingyi.  



for children: 
										we offer a rich, structured curriculum 
										in kids' wushu, the perfect foundation 
										for all martial arts and an excellent 
										supplement to help improve all other 
										sports.  our weekday wushu classes 
										are held at 3, 4, and 5pm; saturday 
										lessons are at 10am.  please call 
										or email for a trial lesson!   
										


										for adults:
										please visit
										
										what we teach to learn more about 
										the arts, and see our
										
										schedule to find your preferred 
										class.





chinese culture -- as part of our 
									chinese language and martial arts classes; 
									as an integral part of our after-school 
									program and camps; and occasionally as 
									stand-alone family events!  





introducing the 




jing 
kids

					after-school program 
and 
					 
camps
the jing institute serves families who need 
					an after-school program for their children, or are looking 
					for a great saturday morning activity; and want their 
					children to learn useful skills for an increasingly 
					multicultural, interconnected, and technological world.

					towards this end, jing offers three pillars of education: 
					cultural-linguistic, physical, and technological-academic.
					

cultural-linguistic: jing teaches mandarin chinese 
					because it is the most common language on earth, because 
					china is a rising global power, and because chinese is a 
					root language for many other asian languages. jing uses 
					chinese songs, games, art, culture, and history to help the 
					language come alive, and help our young students learn about 
					other cultures.

physical: jing teaches its students chinese martial 
					arts (wushu) (also known as kung fu) on the principle that 
					healthy bodies promote healthy minds, and there is no other 
					exercise as healthy and complete as wushu.

technological-academic: jing offers dedicated 
					academic time and help for students to finish their 
					schoolwork (during our after-school program), as well as our 
					own steam (science, technology, engineering, art, and 
					mathematics) program.
learn more about our 
kids
programs and instructors on our 




					jing 
kids 
website 
					
					and 



					jing 
kids 
facebook !
 
					 






i know what i want.  
				now what do i do?


call jing jing at 
					858-578-8267 or email 

					info@jinginstitute.com
and schedule your first 
					trial class at jing.


check our
					locations and directions and 
					drive over!

let the 
				jing institute share these ancient chinese treasures with 
				you and make your life more interesting, educated, and 
				enjoyable!  








				call 858.578.8267 to  
				talk to an instructor and schedule your first class!










more 
about our jing



		jing martial arts
the jing institute teaches wushu,  
		bagua, and taiji in san diego. you may also know 
		these arts as kung fu, shaolin, chinese karate,  pa kua, sansoo, 
		chinese sparring, ving tsun, tai chi, and t'ai chi. 
we also house bujinkan taka-seigi 
		dojo, the 
samurai & ninja arts 
		school in san diego!  
click on
				what we teach for more 
		information, or read below and then click!
 

		meditation (and other mindfulness) at jing
the jing institute offers various 
		forms of meditation and qigong at our school in scripps ranch. 
				
zazen, which is zen 
		buddhist sitting meditation, is taught every sunday morning at 8am.  
taiji and bagua 
		each teach their own style of qigong, here practiced as moving 
		meditation.  
our 
	founders the jing institute 
	started as a family school and continues to be a family school today. our 
	instructors are carefully selected by our headmaster, 
				siu-fong evans; her 
	daughter and chief tai chi instructor lui guojing evans (jing 
	jing); and jing jing's husband and chief kung fu / wushu instructor 
	christopher mendoza.
 
our classes

	private lessons in kung fu / wushu / tai chi 
	during one-on-one private lessons, you will received personalized 
	instruction to help you achieve your goals at your pace.  
group lessons in kung fu / wushu / tai chi  group lessons give you 
	the great opportunity to meet and do martial arts with a bright and 
	motivating group of similarly-driven people; practice and drill good basics 
	in a fun and enthusiastic atmosphere; and learn about the different styles 
	of martial arts at the jing institute!

 



				additionally:

you can and should take a  
					trial class. 

jing was the first chinese 
					martial arts school in san diego certified by the chinese 
					wushu association and the usa kungfu wushu federation. 
					our extensive schedule 
					fits practically all lifestyles.  

we are in a large, 
					clean, comfortable facility that will be easy on your eyes, 
					with nice, thick floor mats that will be easy on your 
					joints. 

jing classes follow a driving 
					curriculum to ensure that you keep learning.
jing is the only chinese martial 
					arts school in san diego to follow an authentic kung fu / 
					wushu learning system. if you have questions about "black 
					belt in kung fu / wushu," please
					click here.
we have excellent 
samurai & 
					ninja arts: 
					
bujinkan taka-seigi dojo | san diego, ca is part of 
						bujinkan (house of divine warriors), training under 
						masaaki hatsumi, 34th soke (grandmaster) of togakure ryu 
						ninpo.
						bujinkan is unique. it is not a sport or just a 
						fighting art but is a true martial art.
						it incorporates ancient japanese warrior traditions, 
						and is a full system of self-protection and 
						self-defense, involving nine schools of combat.  
						bujinkan taka-seigi dojo | san diego at jing is 
						where you can study a true warrior tradition and learn 
						martial skills that will help you defend yourself and 
						your family.

jing institute of chinese 
					martial arts teaches all the major internal styles of tai 
					chi in san diego (yang, chen, wu, & sun style tai chi, 
					compulsory tai chi forms, xingyi, bagua, and qigong) and all 
					the external styles of kung fu / wushu in san diego 
					(traditional, contemporary, compulsory,  
					self defense, weapons, animal forms). if you want the 
					ultimate in kicking, fighting, punching, and moving, come to 
					jing! 
jing also trains students for 
					the asian games, the traditional wushu tournament, and the 
					world wushu championships. jing institute is the only school 
					in san diego whose kung fu / wushu, tai chi, xingyi, and 
					bagua are certified by the usa kungfu wushu federation and 
					the chinese wushu association!
					
just look 
					at us!  

					






 












the benefits 
improve your:

health 

cardiovascular fitness
posture
strength
balance
flexibility
coordination


state of mind 

relaxation
concentration
focus
happiness


ability to defend yourself 
				& your family


additionally:

martial arts are a lot of
				fun.



martial arts have a long history 
				and a beautiful culture. join something great!



join jing!

 



other useful pages 
on our sitee











why jing!



why chinese martial arts




chinese moxa and guasha and more for sale 


f.a.q.








chinese: mandarin class for kids



entertainment/performance





	< 



black belt in kung fu / wushu? 

what about other martial arts? 


qigong









about chinese culture




survival chinese for the martial arts 









bujinkan taka-seigi dojo | san diego
 













there are a many of martial arts schools 
around san diego, but very few can match the experience that the jing institute 
of chinese martial arts & culture provides. we are the only kung fu, tai chi, 
 bagua, and sanshou center in san diego based in lovely scripps ranch. 
our san diego school is equipped with everything you need to become a competent 
martial artist. 

the arts – we train our students in the 
best, most authentic, and purest martial arts from  china: wushu kung fu, 
tai chi (taiji), bagua, and sanshou. these arts are each ideal in 
their own sphere: wushu kung fu is elegant and athletic, a favorite of young 
artists and hollywood producers; tai chi is relaxing and rejuvenating, perfect 
for increasing coordination, body awareness, and mental acuity;  bagua is 
an internal martial art that is circular and complex, pushing the limits of 
balance and coordination; sanshou is sparring, chinese style, including qinna, 
grappling, and shuaijiao, wrestling.  the jing institute of chinese martial 
arts & culture embraces a unique training methodology: we strike a fine balance 
between practicing repetitive fundamentals, always important, and learning fun 
new fist and weapon forms, always important for keeping student's enthusiasm on 
high!  also, our kung fu / tai chi / martial arts san diego school breaks 
new ground with our fun and innovative teaching method that gets beginner 
martial artists ready to tackle advanced concepts and movements with our 
carefully designed beginner, intermediate, and advanced training.  we teach 
adult kung fu, adult tai chi, adult ba gua, and kids kung fu / 
kids wushu in scripps ranch in san diego.  jing also houses the best 
bujinkan -- samurai and ninja arts -- school in san diego. please 
look at our what we offer page and our schedule and events to learn more, and 
welcome!  
if you are interested in giving your 
children an advantage in school and life, you should also know that the jing 
institute runs a chinese after-school program for kids in san diego!  jing 
kids after-school is the very best chinese after-school program in scripps 
ranch, and we welcome you! ! 

© 2002-2025 
info@jinginstitute.com
phone (858) 578-8267




