


san jose immigration attorney | byrd & associates












































homeattorney profileour servicesclient reviewscase evaluationcontact us



				call 
				today


				email 
				us


our map 
			
menu 







(408) 384-4448
hablamos espaã±ol











successful immigration solutions starts here
with byrd & associates, you will have a team of immigration professionals on your side who truly care about your interests and immigration goals.
benefits of hiring us 






making your dreams come true
we will protect your rights and do everything possible to help you continue working toward your goals.
how to choose your lawyer 






request an initial consultation
we will respond to your questions or inquiries quickly and accurately.
take the first step 










san jose immigration attorney
delivering successful immigration solutions

	devoted to protecting and serving the immigrant community for almost 15
	 years, byrd & associates is committed to upholding the highest standards
	 of ethics, legal professionalism, and superior client services. with a
	 near perfect record for
	every case we have handled, our san jose immigration lawyers are confident that we
	 possess the skill, competence, and persistence needed to handle your immigration
	 matter efficiently and successfully.
	


attorney byrd has earned the following accomplishments:

10.0 superb rating by avvo
member of the american immigration lawyers association
master's in international law (ll.m.) from georgetown university law
		 center in washington, d.c.
has represented several fortune 500 companies
past aila liaison to dhs immigration and customs enforcement (ice)
past executive board member of the aila
past aila liaison to dhs customs and border protection (cbp)
past aila liaison to dhs san francisco asylum office

devoted to serving the immigrant community
our san jose immigration law firm is exclusively focused on handling immigration
	 and nationality law matters. by limiting our case load, we can help ensure
	 that every client receives the compassionate, caring, and attentive legal
	 counsel they deserve. this philosophy precedes all we do, from our actions
	 to our processes. simply put: your interests and rights are our priority.

take the first step toward achieving your personal immigration goal. call
			 (408) 384-4448 to request your confidential consultation. 





get to know your attorney schedule an appointment





it's your own american dream.
let us help you make it come true.

byrd & associates is a law firm whose practice is exclusively limited
	 to immigration and nationality law. we proudly represent individuals,
	 corporations, and other institutions from across the nation and around
	 the world on all legal matters relating to united states immigration matters.
our san jose immigration attorneys and competent staff are dedicated to
	 the highest levels of professionalism. as a result, our clients can expect
	 superior client service, personalized attention, and efficient legal representation
	 at all stages of the immigration process. we maintain regular contact
	 with our clients regarding their cases, whether a corporation or an individual,
	 and respond to any inquiries quickly and accurately.

we encourage you to contact us for a confidential consultation. get started
			 by calling (408) 384-4448 today!


why byrd & associates?



					
					nearly perfect record on every case we've filed
				
					
					cost savings and fixed price rates
				
					
					faster, more efficient service
				
					
					helped thousands of immigrants across the globe
				
					
					unsurpassed personal attention
				
					
					handling all types of immigration matters
				
					
					devoted to reuniting your loved ones
				
					
					confidential consultations 
				









what is it like working with us?
we will let our past clients do the talking.







“very courteous and helpful”
- pablo s.





“atty. beverly is a topnotch immigration lawyer.”
- phillip





“deportation and green card.”
- ariadna





“ms. beverly byrd is a very professional”
- brenda





“attorney byrd helped me to be a us citizen.”
- nario b.





“she is very intelligent and hands on lawyer.”
- leah





“speedy in answering any questions”
- previous client





“i highly recommend attorney byrd.”
- previous client





“two thumbs up - i highly recommend this law firm.”
- zenne





“she did an excellent job.”
- previous client





“wow, this is a great firm.”
- robert





“an exceptional defender.”
- previous client





“they are so friendly.”
- susheel n.





“beverly byrd, immigration attorney you can trust!”
- mele





“i highly recommend attorney byrd!”
- arturo





“i recommend attorney beverly byrd!”
- richard





“she did a wonderful job!”
- frank f.





“i highly recommend byrd & associates.”
- immigration client





“beverly does an excellent job!”
- dave





“a wonderful immigration attorney.”
- bryan





view more testimonials





















home
site map
contact us





			call today
			(408) 384-4448


byrd & associates
- san jose immigration lawyer



					111 north market street, suite 300,
				
san jose, 
				ca 
95113
view map


call directly:
(800) 794-4546

local:
(408) 384-4448
 website:
			http://www.byrdassociates.com/
© 2016 all rights reserved.
		























