















morrisons pastry | grandpa’s original yogurt muffins and loaves






























































online order formexisting customers




orders must be submitted before 4pm for next day delivery
orders submitted on saturday and sunday will not be delivered on monday
some orders will only get delivered on their specified delivery days.







 
718-326-2200











menumenuhomeloaves

sliced, whole
pastries

croissantsdanishcinnamon rollsapple turnovercigarscookiescrumb cakecupcakessconesrainbow bars
muffins

tulip cupstraditionalwrapped muffins
about usship nationwidecontact usdistributorsfaqs 











 
























 


 









yogurt muffins 
the yogurt gives our muffins a deliciously moist texture. the finest ingredients excite the pallet. 
learn more





yogurt loaves 
no matter what your business, if you want to offer the freshest, quality cake for any meal or in-between... 

learn more





be a distributor 
are you looking for a new profit center with proven broad consumer appeal? one that's not 

learn more











 increase your profits by selling grandpa’s original yogurt muffins and loaves at your store, deli or cafe.
our products are baked with the finest ingredients and frozen before shipping so they arrive to you as fresh and irresistible as when they came out of the oven.


learn more









about us morrisons pastry is a family business established in 1953. our 40,000 square foot facility, equipped with the most modern equipment, insures consistency in the size, quality, taste and appearance of the product.



navigatehome
muffins
loaves
pastries
about us

navigatecontact us
faqs
distributors
online order form for existing customers
ship nationwide



social 
  like us on facebook
  link with us on twitter
 follow us on instagram




contact morrisons pastry corp.
49-01 maspeth avenue
maspeth, ny 11378

tel: 718.326.2200
fax: 718.326.0330









© 2025 morrisons pastry. all rights reserved | designed and maintained by maxburst























