hollyworks maine: because beautifully designed content makes all the difference.hollyworks maine: because beautifully designed content makes all the difference.holly@hollyworks.com      logobuilding your new websitehow my websites worknonprofitsbusinessultimate consultant (smb)ultimate author packagegetting your book or ebook publishedportfoliocreative designinfographicslogos and brandssocial mediaweb design portfolioblogpurchase from btn-amazon.pngpurchase from btn-apple.pngcontactopen menuyour home for beautifully designed contenthollyworks offers a wide range of integrated creative services from web development to traditional print design and prepress and digital publishing for ebooks, plus creative design for brands, infographics, and social media.i create websites for nonprofits and social advocacy groups, as well as businesses big and small – from entrepreneurs to authors . i work in squarespace, wix, weebly, domain, format, shopify – and my own platforms developed in the open source cms – processwire. i'm interested in a website         i need help with a publishing projectif you're ready to take the next step, or just want to explore your options, hit the button for a quick form  – or contact me directly by email to discuss your project:  holly@hollyworks.comget started...  what's the plan for social media in 2025?between watching your elder relatives become radicalized, to 500-word ramblings about only the truest friends sharing a post, to clickbait offered by terrorist groups, there are many reasons to leave. very few to stay.  february 6, 2025 ai  fakebook: why ai should not be used for social mediaai cannot amplify your unique voice. it cannot build trust. it has no capacity to offer perspective. and it may destroy your credibility. social media, by definition, is the last place you should see ai.  october 8, 2024 ai  why you should redesign your website every four years – and what to consideryou can think of your website like an iphone. first year is the honeymoon. second and third years you begin to notice your phone needs recharging a bit more often.  september 18, 2024 website redesign  thwarting deep fakes and generative ai scams with three simple strategiesrule number one: you are not special. this, more than anything should be your north star. a government task force investigating investment fraud will never contact you. elon musk doesn't know who you are.  august 5, 2024 ai  olympic rage "... i have no empathy... i don't respect you..." chuckles social mediai used to look forward to the olympics. but these two ads alone are making me enjoy the olympics less.  july 29, 2024 ai  what about changing your mind? web design with processwire.the goal for designing web content is to mix your narrative, images, links, and media into something compelling. sometimes that means trying out different looks. this is why i like processwire. it's so flexible.  july 9, 2024 processwire"from graphic design to a complete mastery of the latest in web-based applications, i have never come across anyone more skilled in every aspect of print and digital presentation. that holly provides such gorgeous and functional work with an unmatched efficiency and inimitable sense of humor makes working with her one of the best professional decisions you’ll ever make."lynn davey, davey strategiescreative consulting • design for users • smarter programming • global publishing • contact: holly@hollyworks.comdigital publishing by boilerplate books | privacy policy & accessibility | southern maine | processwire made easy: tutorials   logoclosebuilding your new websitehow my websites worknonprofitsbusinessultimate consultant (smb)ultimate author packagegetting your book or ebook publishedportfoliocreative designinfographicslogos and brandssocial mediaweb design portfolioblogcontact
