






the arc of benton county | achieve with us.














































donate     contact



followfollow














home
about us

mission & vision
meet the team
board of directors


programs

corvallis summer club
employment training
commcard program
benton county taap
the arc of lincoln county
slledd


thrift stores
get involved

jobs
volunteer
advocacy
donate


resources

housing
developmental diversity services
education
employment
for healthcare professionals
for law enforcement
for legal professionals


news & events

articles


contact
shop

























search for:










 











achieve with us.


supporting people with intellectual and developmental disabilities for over 60 years
since 1958, the arc of benton county has been providing advocacy and programs for people with intellectual and developmental disabilities (idd) and their families. staying on the leading edge of emerging needs and evolving culture, the arc maintains a “doing with” approach. 

our programs











who we are
it takes a community to support its own. the arc is made up of program participants, parents, family members, professionals, self-advocates and concerned citizens who understand that disability rights are human rights. we collaborate with people with idd to support them in realizing their fullest potential.

about us







what we do
the arc facilitates advocacy efforts and programs to meet emerging needs. we currently focus on the areas of:








justice advocacy








communication training for law enforcement








social/leisure activities to eliminate loneliness and isolation










employment training to learn transferable job skills








friends and family support








community engagement










why our work matters
we believe that all people deserve the opportunity to reach their highest potential. with the right supports, people with idd can live full and productive lives. disability rights are human rights.

meet the team











testimonials





“i didn’t know the arc had all of these programs until i started volunteering at the corvallis thrift store. the most valuable thing is definitely the friends & family support group. it’s exceptional. hearing that other people understand and getting all of the support is so helpful.”
 – chris eberhart, parent



“the arc has been a game changer since carl joined our family in 2020 at the age of 25! the extensive activities (during covid) and the caring, capable staff continue to engage carl as he transistions from the loss of his parents to creating a new beginning here in corvallis. the arc staff keeps carl’s smile bright! also, arc benton’s resources and informational network have been invaluable to my husband and i as we navigate this new adventure in ours and carl’s lives. thank you arc of benton county!”
-colleen and al baily








about us



 














corvallis thrift store928 nw beca ave.541-754-9011store hours: mon-sat 10 – 6sun 12-5
donation hours: mon-sat 11-5

philomath thrift store111 n 20th st.541-929-3946store hours: mon-sat 10-6
donation hours: mon-sat 11-5
 



sign up for updates!







followfollow

privacybylaws
2020-21 form 9902021-22 form 990







home | about | programs | thrift stores | jobs | volunteer | resources | donate | contact



website design by lamplight creatives



 




 


















