



  





albert c. kobayashi, inc.
















































open/close menu
 










skip to content
about

our mission
history
leadership
awards


projects
services
in the news
careers
contact
 


 

 














 



















 






local
albert c. kobayashi, inc. is the largest 100% locally owned contractor in hawaii. we are also a 100% employed owned (esop) corporation and have been in business for over 55 years.
experienced
albert c. kobayashi, inc. has been in operation for more than 55 years, with experience across all construction sectors, from new large-scale, mixed-use high rise buildings to commercial-retail renovation, and nearly everything in between.
recognized
albert c. kobayashi, inc. has a reputation for meeting or exceeding owners’ expectations, on time and on budget, and has earned numerous awards from a variety of organizations.
building for tomorrow’s dream, today.
meeting our customers’ needs is the prime objective at albert c. kobayashi, inc.  modern contractors must do more than bid the lowest to secure a job.  to meet the owner’s needs, objectives and budgetary requirements, emphasis must be placed on value engineering and a thorough understanding among owner/architect/contractor.  by negotiating, the owner is provided with early pricing, design/ cost alternatives and choice of materials and methods of construction to fulfill objectives and meet budgetary requirements.

quality
 
we work closely with owners & architects to produce outstanding results – on time and on budget.
what we aim for

versatility
 
for over 50 years, we have constructed various types of buildings and facilities across the state
what we do

commitment
 
we strive to fulfill the owner’s needs by providing top-quality service and contruction
what we believe

featured project






 




							anaha tower						
residential high rise, 311 units ranging from studios to 3 bedroom units as well as penthouse and grand penthouse suites




 




 










contact us
 94-535 ukee street
waipahu, hi 96797

 ack@ack-inc.com

(808) 671-6460
  
follow us













 


























