ï»¿athens, ohio hotels | ohio university inn & conference centerskip to content      request infoinformationbook now retrieve reservation×make a reservationhave a question? 866.593.6661check in ) check out  rooms  adults  children  promo code group code check availability   toggle navigation    menu accommodationsamenitiespet friendlydiningcutler's restaurantbunch of grapes tavernmeetings & weddingsmeetingsweddingsspecial eventsrequest informationarea guideohio universitygetting aroundcalendar of eventsgalleryofferst. 866.593.6661 welcome to the official hotel of the ohio universitylocated directly on the beautiful campus of ohio university, our hotel delivers newly renovated and spacious accommodations you're sure to love. as the gateway to the university, our pet-friendly guest rooms provide all the comforts of home when you're in town. once you've settled in, you'll see why ohio university inn and conference center tops the lists of places to stay in athens, ohio.whether you're in town to visit the university, attend a conference or business meeting, or just enjoy a getaway, we are your ideal location for anything. nestled in the foothills of the appalachian mountains, our hotel provides a modern atmosphere perfect for all guests, from alumni and parents of ou students to business and leisure travelers. we're the perfect setting for a picturesque wedding ceremony and reception or an unforgettable business conference. with more than 10,000 square feet of meeting and event space, we have the space you need. no matter what brings you to athens, ohio university inn and conference center will become your home away from home.close and comfortable learn more links to page about content close and comfortable treat yourself to onsite dining & drinks learn more links to page about content treat yourself to onsite dining & drinks premier wedding venue in athens learn more links to page about content premier wedding venue in athens discover the best athens has to offerfrom touring the campus of ohio university to exploring local landmarks, restaurants, and bars, you can find things to do in town to fill your days and nights with adventure.learn more image slide1 link to larger image bartender pouring drinks  image slide2 link to larger image outdoor seating on the patio at dusk  image slide3 link to larger image ohio university inn pool  image slide4 link to larger image ohio inn football memorabilia on a table specials signupenter your email address to learn about our hotel deals, specials, and packages.  sign up call usrequest informationbook nowretrieve reservation  about usfaqscareerscontactprivacy policysitemapweb accessibility  ohio university inn and conference center facebook    ohio university inn and conference center instagram    ohio university inn and conference center twitter    ohio university inn and conference center tripadvisor ohio university inn and conference ctr.  331 richland ave. athens, ohio 45701 united states    t.  866.593.6661 © ohio university inn and conference ctr.. all rights reserved.website by vizergy.  scroll to top  accommodationsdiningmeetings & weddingsarea guidegalleryofferssitemap  