





isis international






























 


 






toggle navigation







homeabout isisisis annual reportsfunding partnerswho we areactivist schoolabout activist schoolschoolsisis media resourceswomen envision (we!)women in action (wia)isis publicationsisis audio productionsisis video productionsdocumentationonsite reportsspeechescollaborative workclipartresource centerabout resource centrecollection of women's movement history posterswork with us












			rest in power marilee		








  
		print	 
  
		email	 





									details							



						created: 10 september 2024					


press statement
6 september 2024
 
with immense sadness and love, we say farewell to marilee karl, founder of feminist organizations, author of cutting edge feminist thinking writings, us civil rights activist, staunch global feminist activist, beloved mother, grandmother, and friend. marilee is co-founder of isis international, one of the first international feminist ngos established in 1974 and dedicated to supporting women’s communication, knowledge building, political organizing, collective learning, and transformative leadership. since its establishment in rome, isis international has evolved and metamorphosed from rome, italy, and geneva, switzerland, to santiago, chile, kampala, uganda, and manila, philippines. the passing of marilee has brought us together from across these seas to pay tribute to her life. from her sharp feminist analysis on women shaping development, her commitment to amplifying feminist voices in the global south, to her collective actions for meaningful change in food security & natural resource management, to being a champion for peace and women as peace-makers, marilee was among the 1000 women for the nobel peace prize in 2005, and among the women recognized by women have wings awards in 2017.


 
			read more: 			rest in power marilee		







			join us in the online tribute to our beloved marilee karl		








  
		print	 
  
		email	 





									details							



						created: 08 september 2024					


join us in the online tribute to our beloved marilee karl on her birthday, 12 september 2024, 21:00 gmt+8
see you there.







			anisha susanna george		








  
		print	 
  
		email	 





									details							



						created: 11 august 2023					









			becoming io: facilitating space for feminist conversations		








  
		print	 
  
		email	 





									details							



						created: 21 january 2020					


dear friends and colleagues. we would like to announce that isis international manila is now io: facilitating spaces for feminist conversations. please join us as we make the transition by clicking on our new website: http://feminists.io. thank you so much for being part of our isis manila journey. 
 
we finally did it! – isis international is now io: facilitating spaces for feminist conversations – or io, for short. according to greek mythology, io was the consort of zeus and was chased away by hera to egypt where she became isis. this mythical association between io and isis reassured us as we made the difficult decision to change our organizational name of 45 years.


 
			read more: 			becoming io: facilitating space for feminist conversations		







			changing times for the isis resource center		








  
		print	 
  
		email	 





									details							



						created: 20 august 2018					


by nina somera
the resource center started in a little corner at the international documentation center (idoc) in rome in the heady days of the 1970s. rome was a hub of solidarity movements, hosting exiles including the sisters who found isis internacional in santiago, chile.
although there was a dearth of writings by women from the south, the resource center grew. it collected analytical pieces written by women about the issues of the day. a lot of them came from small meetings on food security, sustainable agriculture, environment, health, especially maternal health and sexual and reproductive health and rights (srhr). a lot of them have not seen print in any mainstream publications and even academic journals. most of them are monographs.


 
			read more: 			changing times for the isis resource center		




12 








search ...  search   




isis international women's house (bahay ni isis)

isis international women’s house (bahay ni isis).
bahay ni isis provides a safe haven for guests visiting manila, with lodgings, meeting rooms and facilities for workshops and other events. it is a comfortable women-friendly space and a gathering place for many non-governmental organisations engaged in issues affecting women around the globe. welcome!
feminist activist school

the isis feminist activist school aims to strengthen the communication capacity of women from the global south so that they can effectively articulate and take on leadership roles in organisations, communities, networks and/or social movements.
sponsor an activist

   
subscribe to we! newsletter

we!, the isis international e-newsletter, provides news and information on women’s activism, campaigns and events around the globe as well as analyses and commentary on current issues affecting women.
women in action (wia) 

 wia carries in-depth articles on issues facing women globally from a feminist perspective. this social movement publication links women’s issues to larger social issues and features women writers from around the world.
featured resources






 




research report, women and peacebuilding, philippines
recognising women’s participation in sustainable and lasting peace.  isis international realised it is essential to initially find out to what extent or if any at all do peace advocates include or consider women and gender in their peace work with from icco foundation, isis carried out a study on women peacemakers in the philippines.
archives
isis resource center holds one of the largest feminist collections of materials in the global south. with 40 years of publication experience, isis holds a vast collection.
click here to see some of these historical treasures.
relive the historical milestones of the women’s movement with this isis collection of posters. 












					back to top				


				© 2025 isis international			


isis international website uses cookies to maintain login sessions and improve your experience in our website. you consent to our cookies if you continue to use our website.i accept

