







	the vineyards at aquebogue
































skip to main contentgo to accessbility settings












menu





aboutour missionour companyour peopleour storyin the newsawardsjoin our teamcontact usweddingseventsseasonal eventswedding showcasesexclusives & packageslocationsnew venueslong islandnyc - westchesterfloridarestaurantseventsseasonal eventslocationslong islandnew york cityfloridacountry clubspopup kitchenscountry clubsthe bethpage public houseoff-premisenew york city630 secondcentral parkf. ottomanelli by the watergolf & bodyhammerstein ballroommetropolitan pavilionmidtown loftpenn plaza pavilionramscale studiostudio 450studio 525the altman buildingthe pillarsukrainian instituteupstate new yorkkindred creeks farmconnecticutthe knowltonlong islandparks and picnicsthe bates housevanderbilteast endbrecknock hallmontauk manorparrish art museumpeconic river herb farmpindar vineyardssalt air farmprivate eventsevent spaceslong islandnyc-westchesterfloridarestaurantslong islandnew york cityfloridafood servicemanagement servicesemergency dininghotel

homeaboutweddingsrestaurantsoff premise cateringprivate eventsfood servicemanagement servicesemergency dininghotelgift cardsrewardssite mapcontact













navigate_before
pause_circle_filled
navigate_next


the vineyards at aquebogueplay video








schedule a tourmenuseventsvirtual tourgalleryvenue informationrequest informationbrochuretestimonialspartnersmailing listawardsdirections

 











                                
                                nestled on the north fork of long island, the vineyards at aquebogue provides a captivating setting at any time of year for your next event.  whether it be your dream wedding, an intimate celebration or corporate event, we will make your dreams come true.
                            






978 main road (route 25)aquebogue, ny 11931tel: 631.722.3200











menusweddingswedding menuenhancement packagessocial eventsbanquet dinnerbuffet brunchbuffet dinner menudeluxe banquet dinnersweet 16 celebrationscorporateexecutive luncheon
eventsspecial offer on all available 2025 dates 20% off per person for 2025autumn wedding special 🍂select 2025 dates available!saturday evenings at the vineyardscomplete package starting at $29,995++ for 150 guestsafternoon weddings at the vineyardsspecial price of $16,995++ for 100 guestsvineyards vendor bundlesstandard and premium vendor bundles to add to your wedding!winter weddings at the vineyardsexperience the magic of a north fork winter starting at $17,995!
virtual tour
gallery
in the newstop wedding venues on long islandnewsday li living - kate wiggins talks trendsdan's papers - east end wedding guidedan's papers - wedding showcase: lessing’s hospitality groupnewsday - 'pawfect' wedding business gets fido ready to walk down the aislemanhattan bride - the wedding of lucianne fenza & kenneth hendricknorthforker - where to get easter brunch on the north forkriverhead patch - live at the vineyardslongisland.com - live at the vineyardslong island pulse - live at the vineyardshamptons.com - live at the vineyardsdans papers - live at the vineyardslong island pulse - 13 places on the north fork to explore this summerlessing's takes over vineyard caterers in aquebogue
venue informationcapacity (reception):250 guests with dancingcapacity (dinner):300 guests for a sit-down dinnermax. affairs (at same time):1separate reception room:outdoor reception area:yesoutdoor cocktail area:yesterrace:yesdance floor:yesvalet parking:availablecoat check:air conditioned:yesoff premise available:yesin-house party planner:live music allowed:yesdj allowed:yesav equipment available:yesguest accommodations: nearbycuisine:kosher available:upon requestkitchen on premises:yesmust use in-house caterer:yesmust use in-house liquor:yesceremony:yesbridal changing room:yesbooking informationprice range per person:starting at $149room fee:no room or site feeadvanced booking required:yesadvanced deposit required:4,000seasonal pricing flexibility:yesroom availability (hours):all hours
testimonialsmy husband and i just recently had our dream wedding at the vineyards on september 15th. we knew the venue was the beautiful, unique, rustic (yet still elegant) location we were looking for immediately during our tour. the ceremony grounds are so well maintained, offering dozens of photo ops during the big day, and the cocktail hour area is gorgeous and unique (our guests are still raving about it!). what we didn't know was just how helpful and responsive russ, kate, and jamie would be. they were there for us during every step of the process and truly made planning a breeze. i am still in awe of how smooth the day of went. brides - you will never be prepared for how quickly the day of goes. our maître d, jamie, and my bridal attendant, were amazing. anytime i needed something, i would look around and they would already be walking over to me. jamie even bustled my dress after our sunset photoshoot so that i wouldn't miss too much of our cocktail hour! the service was top notch, the food was delicious, and we were so happy we went for the venetian hour as everybody loved it. my husband and i cannot say enough wonderful things about our wedding. our only wish is that we could do it all again next year! book, book, book your dream wedding at the vineyards - you will be so glad you did! sophia & chriscouldn't delay in writing this review because the team of russ, kate, jamie, and the entire staff at the vineyards are so deserving of our praise. we had our wedding there just three days ago and the staff made every second of the night memorable. everything went flawlessly and i've heard "best wedding i've ever been to" more times than i can count in the past few days. also, something that our guests didn't get to appreciate was the level of care everyone took coordinating all the minor details in the weeks and months leading up to wedding day. the grounds are indescribably picturesque. even at this time of year, without the vines and flowers in full bloom, the scenery is beyond compare. but more impressive than the food, presentation, and entertainment is the level of pride the staff clearly has in the property, and their dedication to making us happy. i've never felt more taken care of than i did last night. we plan on recommending the vineyards to our friends and family looking for an event venue, just so we get to go to another party there. i can honestly say that the staff at the vineyards were instrumental in making last saturday the best night of our lives. - april 27, 2018 roxanne & marki am absolutely thrilled with my wedding at the vineyards. i sit here only two days later trying to revel in every small detail. this was the perfect venue for our personalities. the staff was exemplary- jamie and sarah made me so comfortable and relaxed in keeping me informed of everything that was happening or going to happen that day. the energy in the vineyards is so calming, peaceful and centering. it was impossible to feel nervous. i have never been so happy in my entire life and i have this venue and staff to thank. kate helped us every step of the way, answering every question we had. she is such a caring person and her warmth and professionalism is unmatched. i wouldn’t have wanted to be married anywhere else and we are so very lucky to have had our dream day there. hands down the best day of our life and i am grateful to have these memories forever. elizabeth & steveif i could give the vineyards 10 stars i would! every aspect of my wedding was flawless and it is all thanks to the staff at the vineyards. my husband and i looked at 15 venues before we made a decision, and we instantly fell in love with the beautiful grounds, outdoor patio, and spaces at the vineyards. kate was beyond helpful with our planning process, and quickly answered all of my questions and helped me envision how my day would look. our day at the bridal showcase and when we came for our tasting was so enjoyable as well, we loved the food everything was so delicious! i got married on august 11, 2018 with an 11:30 am ceremony, and that morning it poured with flash flooding and thunderstorms all over long island. i had accepted that we would not have our ceremony outside the night before and was confident that everything would be beautiful anyway. when we arrived at the venue that morning (running late too!) everything was already set up and blew me away! i had given the venue a list of how i wanted things set up and they hit the nail on the head, every single room was set up to perfection with all of my decorations displayed exactly how i imagined it! the ceremony space was set up in the ballroom with a rustic looking archway and dim lighting, it was breathtaking and many of my guests didn't realize that it was the ballroom until after the wedding was over they looked so different! our mater d' jaime was phenomenal! everything went so smoothly and she was always thinking 2 steps ahead of me for every detail of the wedding. if anything went wrong i didn't notice it! sara our bridal attendant was so wonderful and helped me and my bridal party with everything we needed. she even held an umbrella over my husband and i for some pictures outside which she really didn't need to do!! thank you sara and jaime for taking care of me and my husband all day, we have never been so pampered! every staff member was so helpful and made the day flawless. my guests are still talking about how our wedding was the best wedding they ever attended, and were blown away by the location, service, and food at the venue. the bartenders were quick, the food was delicious, and the weather cleared up a little so my guests were able to get outside and use the grounds too. i can't thank jamie, sarah, kate, russ and the rest of the staff at the vineyards for making our wedding day so perfect. it was beyond my expectations and i did not want the day to end, thank you so much! andrea & huntermy wife and i got married at the vineyards on august 26, 2018. we cant say enough about this venue. everything was perfect! for starters all of our guests cant stop raving about how beautiful the whole place was and how perfect the ceremony went. the food at the cocktail hour was incredible. the reception was a blast! plenty of space and the employees served food quickly and tended to all guest with outstanding service. kate, russ, and jamie with out these three people nothing would have been possible. kate kept us sane throughout the whole planning process. promptly answered any questions we had and took care of our preparations. russ was on it! anything we asked for he made happen. calm cool and collected, took care of all of the moving parts during our wedding. he even takes some pretty good pictures! jamie, our go to girl. i've never seen someone work so hard and give such attention to every little detail. she was everywhere, whenever we needed anything there she was, my drink was always full, my bustle was put back up a million times, she found any family member, and knew what we needed before we needed it! this place is top notch! not just because of its beauty and location but the people running the show. i would recommend this venue for any kind of event to anyone! kayte & michellemy husband and i had our wedding reception at the vineyards on september 1, 2018. it was the most perfect day. almost 3 weeks later, and we are still receiving compliments from our guests. the grounds were beautiful, the staff was professional and the food was fantastic. kate was such a huge help from the very beginning. we could not have had a better experience! sandra & nickwhen i begin to think about our day and relive the moments through all of our pictures i can't help but smile from ear to ear. our day was magical for so many reasons, my husband and i live in south-east asia and it isn't often we get to be in the same space with our loved ones. choosing the vineyards was the best decision we made in our journey of becoming mr. and mrs. the venue is without a doubt beautiful, but it is staff that makes it all the more worth it. their professionalism, kindness, and efficiency allowed us to truly enjoy one of the most important days of our life. our family and friends can't stop talking about how great the food was, how well they were treated, how gorgeous the venue was and just how happy they felt that day. kate- you are the absolute best! planning a wedding from myanmar was a challenge but when it came to anything that had to do with the venue i never felt the distance and i can't thank you enough. truly one of the best days of our life- thank you, thank you, thank you!!! ❤️ 9.8.18 jessica & alberti had the most amazing time at the vineyards at aquebogue. kate was so helpful from beginning to end and made the process as stress free as possible. she was super informative and always very prompt to respond to any emails sent. day of the wedding everything went perfectly. food was amazing (all my guest kept telling me it was the best food they’ve ever had at a wedding). atmosphere was absolutely stunning. all the staff was extremely accommodating. i would 100% recommend them to anyone who asked. nicole & dannyfrom the moment i called the vineyards, not only was kate responsive, but she was incredibly warm and helpful. that genuine amazing character and excellent execution and professionalism ran through during the whole process of signing up, choosing the venue, tastings, and just general questions and special selections for our special day. they were accommodating to my closest family members and their needs. russ and kate did an incredible job of making sure we were ready for our special day. our wedding was in my mind just perfect because of their level of exceptional level of care and attention to detail! additionally, the food was absolutely amazing. as this venue is fully equipped not only to be a catering company but a gorgeous venue, they have an excellent business model and are able to fully address any needs for a future bride and groom. you will be in good hands coming to the vineyards and i hope that to those looking, you strongly consider this venue for not only its beauty, but an excellent staff and impeccable space for any wedding both indoor or out. (october 2018) melissa & danmy husband and i got married at the vineyards at aquebogue a couple weeks ago (may 2018) and it seriously was the best day of our lives. from day 1, working with kate and russ was seamless. they are professionals and it was clear from the beginning that they would be enjoyable to work with. kate assisted us with all the planning and russ was there on the wedding day to make sure everything went smoothly. planning a wedding is no easy task, but kate was there for me every step of the way. she was very responsive and very accommodating. russ also did an amazing job and oversaw every detail during the wedding. all of the staff at the vineyards were 5 star. the food was also excellent! our guests are still raving about it. there are so many options so there is definitely something for everyone. we gave out wine bottles with a personalized label as our parting gift. the wine was from the vineyard and since it is not a typical vineyard, we didn't expect much, but both the white and the red were delicious! if you want to get married at a beautiful location (both inside and outside) then this is the place! it’s so pretty and you'll get amazing pictures. i can't compliment this place enough. highly recommend!!! michele & billmy husband and i were married at the vineyards on april 27, 2018 and although we're almost a month into our marriage, we, along with our families and friends, cannot stop talking about how wonderful our day/night/entire experience was. in all honesty, my husband and i had a date set at another eastern long island venue. we had a tour at the vineyards and i didn't want to cancel our tour last minute so we kept the appointment as not to be rude. boy oh boy, am i so happy we kept the appointment. in addition to the venue being beautiful, and meeting my expectations of what an eastern long island venue should look like, russ was incredibly helpful throughout the tour, answering every question (i had spreadsheets filled with questions) along the way. [...] kate is so incredibly helpful, not only with vineyards knowledge, but wedding knowledge, too. on more than one occasion, i found myself e-mailing kate to ask her opinion on decor, where items should be placed, where i should get ready, etc. we were fortunate that there wasn't an event the night before our wedding, so kate was super accommodating and allowed my florist to come in for setup the entire day before. in addition, she was my best friend in allowing me to get to the venue a tad earlier than allotted in our contract. she said on multiple occasions that he job was to make sure the day went as smoothly as possible—she delivered. russ and kate are the dream team and i could not have asked for anything better. last but not least, on my people to rave about, my bridal attendant, jamie. dealing with a bride & groom (and their families) cannot be easy, especially when you just met the for the first time, a few hours before you're saying "i do." she did a wonderful job of keeping me calm (we had to decide last minute if our venue would be inside or outside) and always kept food on our table and a drink in my hand. speaking of last minute change in ceremony location—two thumbs up to the staff that setup outside and inside on such short notice. unfortunately, the weather didn't act as we wanted, however, the way in which the indoor ceremony is set is beautiful. i keep telling people i had the best of both worlds—i was able to take photos outside, on the vineyards beautiful grounds, and was able to have an indoor ceremony, with all of the rustic vibes i dreamed of. since i am running out of characters, the food was amazing. i wish i could have eaten more the day of but russ and jaime sent us home with leftovers so i could actually enjoy the food the next day. and they sent us home with a pie. no matter what, get the pie stations for dessert. amazing. brittany & aricruss, kate, and the entire vineyards staff,

thank you so much for making our wedding so perfect. your passion and professionalism were amazing throughout the entire process. our family and friends are still raving about the service and the entire venue. 

love, nicole and travis  nicole & travisif i could give these guys more than 5 stars, i would. my wedding day was absolutely perfect and i couldn't imagine our day at any other venue. the day i saw the vineyards i knew it was our place. halfway through our planning process, they were bought by lessing's and i wasn't sure what was going to happen. however, russ and kate made the switchover so smooth and all the cosmetic changes were for the better. russ was our maitre 'd and was an absolute pleasure to work with. he made sure the bride and groom, parents, and bridal party had drinks at all times throughout the photos and the reception and was on top of every little detail. sarah was our bridal attendant and was an absolute doll. she bustled me up in less than 5 minutes and was there for whatever we needed. my favorite thing was how they wrote a little note on my cake box when we picked it up the next day and even signed one of our jenga pieces for our guest book! lessing's and this awesome team really know how to make everything perfect. my favorite story of the night is when an elderly guest complained that the music was too loud and threatened to unplug the dj booth and russ said "see that girl over there having a fantastic time on the dance floor? i'm here for her." thanks russ, kate, sarah, and everyone else at the vineyards for the best night of my life! - alyssa & michael - june 30, 2017 alyssa & michaelwe can't thank kate and russ enough for making our day perfect. the venue was amazing and completely updated to really give us that north fork vineyard vibe. our guests were pampered with a delicious menu and great drinks. if you have that opportunity to book this venue, please do. we cannot imagine our day anywhere else. thank you russ and kate for everything that you did on that day. - jamie & eric - july 8, 2017 jamie & ericmy husband and i just got married at the vineyards on august 4th and we really want to thank them for hosting the best day of our lives! we fell in love with the venue last march and were a little nervous about the change in management. however when we went to see the renovations we were absolutely blown away! from the entrance, to the reception space, all the way to the bridal suite and outdoor patio, the entire venue has an airy, rustic elegance, and is absolutely stunning and romantic. we also met kate, the sales manager, and russ, at that time. they were both so accomodating and answered any questions that came up along the way. their organization and personal experience really put our minds at ease. on the day of the wedding, everything went smoothly. the weather was gorgeous so we were able to have the ceremony outside, showcasing the breathtaking views and beautiful gardens. i couldn't get over how many places there were to take pictures! from the delicious food, to the attentive and friendly staff, i really could not come up with one complaint about the day. our guests were so impressed with the venue and kept commenting on what a unique and beautiful choice it was. i'm so happy that we chose the vineyards for our wedding and i would recommend them for any couple looking for a romantic and stunning event! - ashley & kevin - august 4, 2017 ashley & kevinthe vineyards made our wedding dreams come true! by far the greatest night of our lives! everything was absolutely perfect in every way. the staff, the service, the food was above and beyond. kate made planning our day so easy. thank you very much again! - kati & anthony kati & anthonythe wedding was everything i imagined, plus! the grounds are captivating and amazing for pictures. indoors everything was remodeled and updated. the food!!! cocktail hour was beautiful and endless, the main courses delicious and filling, dessert (in addition to the cake we ordered) which was a gelato station was a hit! the staff was very helpful and patient with us from the moment we walked in and chose the site as our venue to the day after the wedding when we went to pick up all the wedding stuff. if i could do it all over again, i would choose the vineyards and just relive the night. special thank you to kate, russ, and rich! - jessica & ricardo - august 20, 2017 jessica & ricardofrom the moment we saw the vineyards we fell in love. it was exactly what we wanted, picturesque, one event at a time, big enough, it was perfect! we originally booked before lessings took over and after the initial shock, they did not let us down. the renovations lessings made only improved the vineyard and made it more beautiful for our day. kate answered all of my questions and emails in a timely manner and made us feel at ease from the minute she took over. the food was delicious, the ceremony space is gorgeous, the staff made the day run smoothly and our pictures could not be more beautiful in the vineyards. i wouldn't have changed anything about our day. - jessica & brian jessica & brianfrom the time we booked our wedding at the vineyards, to the day of our wedding, the process was flawless. we fell in love with the venue the day we sat down to sign our contract. a few months prior to our wedding, we found out the vineyards was under new ownership and after seeing the renovations and meeting with the new staff, we loved it even more. russ and kate were phenomenal and so professional. they made our night run so incredible smooth. our bridal attendant jamie was excellent, she was on top of everything and i didn’t even have to think that night. our guests raved about the food and the unbelievable service. we had the wedding of our dreams and our guests had the time of their lives. we can’t thank you enough! - danielle & william - september 24, 2017  danielle & williammy husband and i were looking for a classy, yet rustic type of place, when we booked our venue. from the moment we walked into the vineyards, we fell in love. we booked it in oct/nov 2015, before lessings took over. we were a little nervous about the take over, but they did not dissapoint...everything was fantastic, and we both loved the venue even more. kate, the sales director who was dealing with our wedding answered all of our questions promptly, and bent over backwards to make sure everything worked out. the staff were all so nice, and very attentive to each of us! all of our guests loved the food including all of cocktail hour, dinner, and dessert/viennese hour! everything was great, we would recommend this venue to everyone... - jessica & kevin - october 8, 2017 jessica & kevin
partnersattire & accessoriesgeneration tuxwebsite: http://www.geneationtux.comnorth fork bridal shoppephone: 631.886.2616website: http://www.northforkbridalshoppe.combeautybeautymark spa & bridal studiophone: 631.859.0003website: http://www.beautymark-spa.comcakes & dessertsaudrey's bakeryphone: 631.244.7288website: http://www.audreybakes.comthe rolling pin bakeryphone: 631.689.2253website: http://rollingpinbakery.comdecor and designelegant designs by joyphone: 631.446.4600website: http://www.elegantdesignsbyjoy.comentertainmentabsolute entertainmentphone: 631.286.8117email: info@absolutedjs.comwebsite: http://www.absolutedjs.combarattini productionsphone: 631.979.2662website: https://www.barattiniproductions.comli sound dj entertainment phone: 631.244.3624website: http://www.lisounddj.comfavorstupelo honey local favorsphone: 631.871.4890website: http://www.tupelohoneycatering.comwoops macaronswebsite: http://www.bywoops.comfloristsdalsimer spitz & peck floristsphone: 516.569.2100email: robert@dspfloral.comwebsite: http://www.dalsimerspitzandpeck.comelegant designs by joyphone: 631.446.4600website: http://elegantdesignsbyjoy.comsomething blue floral eventsphone: 631.244.0850website: http://www.somethingblueflorals.comhoneymoon & travel servicesaffordable adventures by michelephone: 631.665.4366website: http://www.travelbymichele.cominvitationsadele evangelistphone: 713.724.5048jessica leigh paperiephone: 631.647.8892website: http://www.jessicaleighpaperie.comlightingstan wiest musicphone: 631.754.0594website: http://www.stanwiest.comlimousines & luxury transportationmark of elegancephone: 631.582.4280website: http://www.markofelegance.comlive musicians and bandscrossing midnight entertainmentphone: 516.224.3398website: http://www.crossingmidnightent.comhank lane music & productionsphone: 516.626.8300website: http://www.hanklane.comphotographyalessandra parks photographyphone: 516.318.2373website: http://www.alessandraparksphoto.compark avenue studiophone: 561.770.9677email: info@parkavestudio.comwebsite: http://www.parkavestudio.comyellowhouse imagesphone: 347.705.0161website: http://www.yellowhouseimages.comtransportationmark of elegancephone: 631.582.4280email: info@markofelegance.comwebsite: http://www.markofelegance.comvideographypark avenue studiophone: 631.589.7735email: info@parkavestudio.comwebsite: http://www.parkavestudio.com
awards









site mapcontactprivacy statementterms of useterms for online purchasesaccessibility












© 2025 lessing's hospitality group. all rights reserved.




keyboard_arrow_up















