




jeff putnam's journal




































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































jefu
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














jefu







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement






jeff putnam's journal 

[most recent entries]
[calendar view]
[friends]

below are the 20 most recent journal entries recorded in
jeff putnam's livejournal:

[ << previous 20 ]

thursday, october 9th, 20038:05 am
ambition i heard on npr yesterday (the 8th of october) that according to bush : 

a team of u.s. weapons hunters in iraq led by david kay has found proof that saddam, iraq's  deposed president, had the ambition and ability to use weapons of mass destruction, even though the team has found no weapons.


"ambition"?   all i could think of myself was a new framing of marc antony's speech to the romans in "julius ceasar".  

so here is my reworking of the speech as it might have been spoken by whatever appropriate administration mouthpiece" you might prefer : 

    friends, iraqis, countrymen, lend me your ears;
    i come to badmouth saddam, not to praise him.
    the evil that men do lives after them;
    the good is oft interred with their bones;
    so let it be with saddam. the noble dubya
    hath told you saddam was ambitious:
    if it were so, it was a grievous fault,
    and grievously hath saddam answer'd it.
    here, under leave of dubya and the rest--
    for dubya is an honourable man;
    so are they all, all honourable men--
    come i to badmouth saddam and friends.
    he was a leader, however chosen;  
    but dubya says he was ambitious;
    and dubya is an honourable man.
    when that the poor have cried, saddam hath wept:
    ambition should be made of sterner stuff:
    yet dubya says he was ambitious;
    and dubya is an honourable man.
    and dubya says he was ambitious;
    and, sure, he is an honourable man.
 
i'm no fan of saddam hussein, but still "ambition" - is it now american
policy to invade countries because their leaders are ambitious? 
(5 comments |comment on this)wednesday, may 28th, 200312:42 am
open relay hosts i posted a couple of articles on the subject of spam and open relay hosts to slashdot the other day and its been in my mind since, so i figured why not share the amusement.  this has been rewritten a bit from those articles and reformatted. </p>first, for those who might not know, an open relay is a networked computer (lets call it machine r) that will accept mail from machine a and send it to a user on machine b.  within an organization, or with an isp and its clients, this is ok - in which case a, b and r all belong to the same domain.  (for example, "mit.edu", "ibm.com", "foo.org" would be domains.) if these hosts do not all belong to the same domain, then this is a way to send mail from machine a to machine b and hide the sender - it can be worked so it looks like it comes from another machine (yes, it sounds like a bad idea to have this potential in the mail protocols,  but its not really).  for example, if you get some spam and look at the headers in the mail message, you'll see a bunch of lines saying "received: ...".  those lines tell you where the mail went from the sender to you - or usually it does - spammers often fake this information so you wont know who they are.  and they use open relays in order to hide.  thus open relays are considered a problem and an aid to spammers for this reason.since use of open relays by spammers is pretty much universal, there are a few organizations that collect lists of open relays.  some of these sellthose lists to spammers, others keep the lists so that you can build a filter that tests to see if the incoming mail came through an open relay and if solabel it as spam. this site  has good information on spam and how to interpret the headers in your email.  nobody lets the lists get out to the public.  the folks who sell them want the money and those against spam fear that the lists would be used by the spammersto identify usable open relays for their own nefarious uses. so, with that prolog out of the way, here are my (edited) posts. post 1 i tend to try to turn problems around and see if there's not a fun backwards approach. (like instead of trying to stop a bulldozer by standing in front of it and yelling stop,  you find a way to lure it into a swamp.) it doesn't always work and often ends up with people pointing at me and laughing. so be it.in the case of spamming i've started to wonder about open relay blocking. most sites that offer information about open relays to facilitate blocking (such as  ordb.org) do not make the contents of their open relay lists public. and that made perfect sense to me until yesterday when (while looking into several spam filtering methods) i got curious and started looking for a list of open relays. i found at least one such - but it was clearly aimed at the spammers as it had incomplete information and a way to purchase a subscription.so, by making open relay lists private and secret, we're actually supporting the spam industry (not necessarily the spammers directly, but the folks who sell them stuff).maybe its time to think about releasing the lists. this could have several interesting effects (positive :) , neutral :| and negative :( ) :  :| the organizations who collect open relay lists would continue to function as they do now, but sites that would like to use the lists heavily could download their own copies.    :) the folks who sell open relay lists would find it harder to do that if the information were freely available. with a bit of luck they'd go out of business.    :) it would become much harder for site admins to ignore open relays they control if everyone used them and the traffic went way up. this would be an incentive to close them. (of course, it would be unethical to suggest that anyone else route their mail through the relays - that would amount to a denial of service.)    :) as the relays got closed, the traffic on those left open would increase dramatically - thus increasing the pressure on those site admins.    :) knowing that a site has open relays might prompt users, friends of the site admins and so on to bug them into closing them. currently it would require rather more work on the part of such buggers to determine that the buggee needing bugging.    :) eventually, with a bit of luck, the great majority of the open relays would be closed and spammers would end up using very slow machines. indeed, it might become profitable for major sites to run a couple of open relays on (for example) an old 80286 on a 1200 baud serial line). :) eventually, faced with a small pool of (slow?!) open relays, spammers would turn to spam support sites that could send the mail for them. and i'd be willing to bet that such sites would charge nicely for the service. and there's still nothing to prevent a user from blocking those sites. :( there would be a serious (but i suspect temporary) increase in spam. current spam filters would not stop working. :( there would be problems with people forging open relay lists with machines of people they might want to annoy. (this could be handled by digitally signing such lists from trusted sites.) :) it would keep the congresscritters from meddling in things they dont understand - with what is almost certain to be disasterous effect.  maybe it wouldn't work, but the stuff written about the spam proposal before congress is seriously scary - it would essentially legitimize whole classes of spam and make it much harder to turn off such "legitimate" spam.  (parenthetical remark not in original post.) here are a couple links to articles on how the folks who make laws are looking at spam..   a rather monty pythonesque discussion of spam from the house of lords    from the washington post    a page from cauce, an anti spam organization   i think these bills are seriously flawed, in that they not only don't really address the problem, they mostly make some spam illegal (hard to enforce when its sent from china), and they end up making other kinds of spam perfectly legal.  not an improvement.  post iithe plusses and minusses of this have been wandering through my brain for a day or two now and a couple more facets of this kind of thing have surfaced and floated around long enough to be worth mentioning.open relays could have interesting uses - both anti-spam and pro-spam.as hinted above, an organization wanting to curb spam could operate an open relay set to run very, very slowly. this has (i read it in /., so it must be true) been done.  this would seriously impare the ability of a spammer to send spam - instead of sending 10000 messages a minute(or whatever) they could be limited to 10.  more interestingly, such a machine might be set up forward only some of the spam moved through it. maybe only one message out of a thousand. spammers would still get a response (in the sense that people would visit their website,  buy their product, or invest in their scam) so they'd think all was hunky dory,  but the total amount of spam would be reduced substantially.if the idea of dropping mail does not sit well with you, the mail could be wrapped in another message, forwarded, with whois and contact information (to the extent it is available) about the originating host, and a message explaining that it is spam.  at a much simpler level, the "subject" line could be rewritten to be "subject: spam (was...)" so that mail filters could easily direct it properly.  there are some interesting wrinkles that could be introduced here - for the mail would be kept on a web server for you to see there - this could be used for all kinds of fun things.running an open relay also has a nice side effect.  it could easily save the  spammer's origination ip addresses for use in future blocking. or it could collect spammer websites.  i can think of a couple legitimate uses for those, but the possibility that anti-spam "renegades" (or those living in different legal climates who might be considered heroes) could easily hammer those sites with a denial of service attack.  and then the most intriguing idea hit : spammers themselves could do the same thing - setting up open relays under their control.these could  drop mail as above - which would make their spam service look better than their competitors.  they could serve as tarpits  running slowly to tie up network resources on the spammer's host machine - again making the spammers using those relays look less competitive than those running them.  and to top it all off, the relay host could be harvesting the email addresses for use in their own spam operations. such a machine could clearly cull out the "i'm trying every three letter id possible." email addresses, leaving legitimate email addresses for future use.  and they could identify the commercial sponsors of the spam by looking at the web pages in the spam.  which gives them client companies that they can spam with email advertising their spamming services.   they could also alter the email itself, as above to mark it as spam somehow, or more drasticly by changing the url's to indicate that any hits to the website were because of their spam - not the spam that they forwarded.  (oh, just think about it a bit.)  or they could rewrite the ads to be (say) a bit less than positive about the product..  or you could change the url's to point to your website and use hits to that to collect email addresses for the dunces that fall for this stuff, even sell the product yourself.     and for the more technically oriented, i'll just whisper the word "proxy" and let them consider the wonderful potential.and there's more.  but that may wait a bit till i think about it for a while longerso, any spammers out there want to confess? are there any organizations that are operating smtp honeypots for nefarious purposes?  
(comment on this)monday, may 26th, 20033:19 pm
evidence eliminator i recently joined a sexually oriented forum "gayfisters.com" and got a couple of ads from them advertising "evidence eliminator".i posted the following to their "community forum" and was promptly (without warning or even email notification) banned.    draw your own conclusions. here's what i said :  before buying evidence eliminator you might want to consider this page with a review of the product : http://www.evidence-eliminator-sucks.com/i've read this page and the evidence eliminator pages and my feeling is (based on 25 or so years as a professional computer type) that i would not buy this product myself.  this is based both on the discussion in the "evidence eliminator sucks" page, and on the wonderfully distasteful advertising techniques used to push "evidence eliminator".  in particular, when i got one of those pages that told me what evidence of ickyness and evil was on my computer, i decided to test it out.  i discovered that the "evidence" presented was generated entirely on the evidence eliminator web pages and could not in any way have been extracted from my computer. and law enforcement was not notified.  and i feel a bit less than enthusiastic about someone who lies to me as part of their ads - and even less so when its done as manipulatively as this was.  i am the less enthralled with evidence eliminator since i've had spam email pushing it.  if you are concerned about what might be on your computer, i'd suggest the following alternatives - all of which are free of charge.install mozilla or phoenix/firebird as a browser.  these place all information about browsing in a single location on your machine which is easily cleaned (just delete all the files).  (internet explorer places files and information in all sorts of fun spots and there seems no way to control it.)install linux (yes, you can run linux and windows on the same computer).  most versions are free if you can download them and burn them to cd yourself, and even the commercial versions (redhat is the easiest to install) are available inexpensively through secondary vendors.use knoppix (http://www.knopper.net/knoppix/index-en.html).  knoppix is a linux installation that you can burn to a cd and run off the cd so nothing is installed on your hard drive at all.  (it may use your hard drive for temporary files, but these are easy to erase.) 
(1 comment |comment on this)wednesday, april 2nd, 20037:15 pm
peter greenaway this looks seriously interesting (at least for fans of peter greenaway) :  the tulse luper suitcases .  there's both a flash and html version - the html version is a bit easier to navigate, but the flash one is the default if you have flash installed.  there is also this related site. 
(comment on this)saturday, march 29th, 20034:22 pm
a few links to ponder from http://www.crhon.com/cs/cda/story.hts/nation/1838393  ten year old grace phelps balanced a sign reading "thank god for sept. 11".... "god punished us on sept. 11 because we are ok with that kind of stuff."... dropping the flag onto the ground, she spit on it ....  who can lie to you ?  the media, of course :  http://www.sierratimes.com/03/0228/arpubmg022803.htm   (gotta love the redundancy in that url - isn't one repetition of "03 02 28" enough?  evidently these folks are unacquainted with the notion of databases.)    the government, of course,  http://www.prospect.org/print-friendly/print/v13/9/kaminer-w.html.   and the justice system can lie by just omitting to check out the truth : http://news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story2&cid=542&u=/ap/20030325/ap_on_go_ca_st_pe/fbi_database_4&printer=1. you, of course, are required to tell the truth to the government.  from "lawrence of arabia", dryden (a slimy politician played by claude rains with his usual skill) "a man who tells lies, like me, merely hides the truth. but a man who tells half-lies has forgotten where he put it." i'll admit to a certain personal confusion about this - how can democracy survive when the governement lies?  but then given john ashcroft's patriot act and patriot act ii - its worth wondering if democracy is surviving now in the us.   remember those x-ray glasses - try  http://www.gradis.net/xray.htm .  
(1 comment |comment on this)friday, march 28th, 200310:12 am
xml and programming languages (submitted to slashdot, but unlikely to ever be seen - progably to be forever  lost in the "replies below your current threshold" weeds.) i was working on a "smart", "language oriented" editor for ada way back when ada was considered the thing to use and proposed something very like xml as a markup for it. it was considered way too far out and dismissed.since then i've considered the same kind of thing a few times and while i don't think that xml syntax for a programming language is such a great thing in some ways, i've come to think its a very good thing on other ways.for instance, reading a recent discussion of hungarian notation, i saw a comment where someone suggested being able to mouse over a variable and have its definition, scope, any associated comments, maybe all its uses highlighted in different ways. using xml as a basic markup for a program could facilitate this quite a bit (yes, there are other ways).or imagine having the ability to embed diagrams, images and other documentation into a program. (yes, i'm aware of c#'s mechanisms - i'm thinking of something far more pervasive.) uml information could also be carried along with tbe program. (yes, again, i've seen mechanisms that do this, but they mostly appear to me to be a bit on the hokey side.)similarly, generative programming, karl lieberherr's adaptive object oriented programming, aspect oriented programming could all use xml markup as a facilitating mechanism.or consider knuth's literate programming with an xml syntax. for those who've only seen lp in the context of some of the weaker literate programming mechanisms available, check out the books on tex and metafont where the code is presented using literate programming.xml markup would also present mechanisms for macros and conditional compilation that could be very powerful indeed. for instance, having used sather, i always want pre and post conditions nicely included in procedure definitions in other languages (and have remained frustrated that the java language definition (c# as well, as far as i can tell) has not included these constructs except as ad hoc add ons). an underlying xml markup would make this possible, even relatively easy.as a programmer i wouldn't want to have to interact with it directly, i'll admit - but we should be able to build emacs modes or similarly "smart" editors that make the interaction reasonable. and given how popular big fancy ide's are these days, this shouldn't be all that tough to manage.and there are other potential benefits as well - programmer control of name mangling, programmer control of obfuscation (also much stronger support for intelligent de-obfuscation, by the way), support for better code refactoring, the ability to track changes on a more conceptual level in a version control system.to say nothing of being able to finally resolve all those damn arguments about the one true way to lay out your code - every user could define their own preference in their ui - the markup itself would not need to know anything about it at all.yes, i'm well aware of the drawbacks - i use emacs for almost everything. but given the effort that has goine into making ide's these days, most of the drawbacks are quite resolveable. 
(comment on this)wednesday, march 26th, 20032:46 pm
gentoo linux installation notes  
just to set some context first, i'm an experienced linux user, having
used linux since the early 90's (i'm not sure when i started, but do
remember waiting a while for the 1.0 kernel).

these notes were written using html markup - but this forum doesn't seem to 
want to accept that and i'm too damn lazy to learn a new markup language and set up emacs to understand it 
in order
to change it - so you may have
to save the post and read it in your browser. 

i've used redhat, slackware, and debian, on i386 architectures as well as
(rather less happily) on the alpha architecture. 
and i've installed linux
on quite a variety of machines.  

i've been using redhat most frequently in the last couple of years because
their installation has been so easy, but have also begun to want to try
other distro's as redhats default packages have become a massive pain 
(the
proverbial straw that broke the camels back was installing metacity as the
default window manager with sawfish available but not installed by default).  

worse yet rpm (and other package management systems) are getting to be a
massive pain and while debian's apt is closer to what i want i'd been reading
good stuff about gentoo and wanted to try it.  i like the notion (at least)
of the way packages are done in gentoo.  

i decided i wanted to try to install gentoo on my laptop.  in part to
try out reiserfs
 (i have some specific ideas i want to try in this),
in part because i'd had the redhat 8.3 beta installed, but then
managed to mess up a couple of packages (rpm again).

so, two weeks ago, i did a gentoo install using the installation
directions at 
http://www.gentoo.org/doc/en/gentoo-x86-install.xml

i'm impressed.  
things have built (albeit slowly) for the most part
without error.  
this is very, very good.  also things "feel" good.
that is, the system seems stable and the only problems i've had have
been in locating this or that, or in deciding to install something
else.

i always keep notes on an installation (on paper or on another
machine).  these are for my own reference.  however since i'm feeling
pretty good about gentoo i wanted to pass these along - in the hopes
that they'll help someone else along the way and help the gentoo team
make things better.   then too, i'll probably be recommending gentoo to
others in the future and would like to make things as easy as possible
for them. 

a couple minor post-install nits : 


    the packages need a bit more info in the ebuild files (and on the website)
       (for example, is openoffice-bin a binary version that does not require
       a rebuild? yes, but this isn't clear from the package info) 

    
    qpkg -l doesn't seem to list all the files from a package - i use this
       kind of information pretty consistently so would like that, or is
       there another command that does the same kind of thing

    
    qpkg as installed is only usable by root or group wheel, as long as its
       only doing a query, it should be accessible to general users 

    
    on the package listing page on the web site, it might be nicer to
       list the packages by group (that is, all the app-'s, all the dev-'s
       and so on) and alphabetically by column - perhaps its only me, but
       thats what i expect to see.  


 
the notes -- feel free to ignore these or laugh at them.  



what the stages are isn't clear.  
 
   this just needs some more explanation - what exactly is in them
   and why do we want one or another.  i read what was there but was
   still confused.
 
doesn't cope preinstalled windows, overwrites boot info. 
  
  sometime early on the grub info from the previous install got
  overwritten.  not sure where, but this made it impossible to boot to
  windows - which would have been helpful in a couple places to verify
  some hardware information.
 	
  after the install was complete and i'd set up lilo to boot either
  to linux or windows things worked fine.
 
partitioning (as always) a problem  
 
  not a gentoo problem - partitioning is always a pain.  but it would
  be nice to have legitmate type codes (ie 82, 83...) available in the
  documentation for extra reference.  
 
  i keep meaning to build a program to aid in partitioning (not in doing
  it, but in planning it) but just haven't got there yet. 
 
did manage to change format of a partition to fat32 with cfdisk and mkdosfs
seems to have worked.  a very good thing.   

 
kernel config a pain : undefined reference to sis_free   

  its not just a gentoo problem, but with kernel configuration part of
  the install process, there should be a way to build a minimal kernel
  with lots of options as modules for people who don't know whats up.
 
  i had to fiddle around a bit to find the right option to turn off to
  get rid of the sis_free undefined problems.  
 
  menuconfig is pretty good - but it would also be good if there were
  a webpage with a cgi script or something that would enable a user to
  enter the configuration choices online, then get a copy of the appropriate
  configuration information as needed for the compile.  
 
  a web page would make looking at the documentation (help) information
  much easier.  
 
  ideally, there should be no way to config (via menuconfig or whatever)
  a kernel that does not compile.  
 
fstab - should provide a way to import partitions as defined in fdisk for use
   rather than having to edit them all by hand 

   i decided i'd just write such a thing but then discovered that cfdisk -p
   won't display things like the fact that i've installed a reiserfs on a 
   partition.  hmmm.  
 
   also at this point i found myself with only nano as an editor, it might
   be nice to say that a user who wants vi can do "emerge vi" to get it. 
   (i tried using nano but kept hitting the wrong keys.) 
 
what is the format of /etc/conf.d/net - or do we just guess? 

  i thought i'd had this set up correctly, but it seems not.  i'd had 
  (inadvertently) both an ip number and a dhcp configured for an interface
  and it didnt work.
 
ln -s (timezone) /etc/localtime fails as /etc/timezone already exists

 
emerge grub didn't work,  grub didn't work.  lilo (phew) did.

    emerge grub failed with errors that scrolled off the screen.  
    i found the  emerge log, but it didn't seem to have the error i 
    encountered when this occured in the log.  it might be a good
    idea to have more verbose logging the default in the early stages
    of the install. 

    grub existed, but said /boot/grub didn't exist (and it didn't). 

    lilo worked.
 
gcc says "-malign-loops is obsolute, use -falign-loops"

   this was in the kernel build. 

   this was using the option 
       cflags="-march=pentium3 -o3 -pipe" 
   as suggested in the install documentation
 
net.eth0 didn't work right - no easy way to figure out how to make it
do so - i needed to add sis900 to /etc/modules.autoload 
 
   not having sis900 in /etc/modules.autoload made the net.eth0 fail at
   boot time.  but there was no good error message to help determine why.
   i did an insmod sis900 and then "sh -xv /etc/init.d/net.eth0 start" 
   but it didn't help.   rebooting worked
 
doing this on laptop with no floppy - no way to make rescue floppy.  
this needs to be fixed longterm
 
  my laptop has no floppy disk - not uncommon these days.  which means
  i can't make a rescue floppy.  i'm pretty sure i can work around that
  if i need to, but having an option to build a "rescue cd' would be 
  cool - indeed a rescue cd can do quite a bit more. 
 
emerge in parallel ?
 
   can i run two emerges at once?  say "emerge kde" in one window and
   "emerge emacs" in another.  i haven't tried (don't want to terminally
   mess things up), but would be suspicious of it (for obvious reasons).
 
package listing ?

   is there a downloadable complete package listing?  /usr/portage seems
   to have all the packages listed in it, but without any real correlation.

   there is the "online package database" at 
http://www.gentoo.org/dyn/pkgs/index.xml 
   but i'd rather like a complete listing in a single file that i can
   download and browse (either with a browser or with some tool), and 
   use automatically.  
 
running out of space in /

   i didn't move /usr/portage, nor change the pathname for the
   working directory, so after installing a few things it ran out 
   of space in /. (which isn't slashdot, of course, but slash dot)
   i'd arranged to have / and /usr/share in different
   partitions but needed to move things around a bit more.  

   the error message also just noted a compile fail, not a disk space
   error

   this should be noted on the installation page

   perhaps i should clean up the /usr/portage thing as i go more, but
   by murphy's law as soon as i did i'd need the stuff i cleaned up,
   so i usually try not to do cleaning until i need to.  also, i'm not
   entirely sure yet how to clean it up. 
   
   (ok, maybe i tend to install a few too many things, i grant, but i
   teach cs and use a number of packages to do homework development,
   research and so on)
 
error message "1 config files in /etc need updating, emerge --help config..."
 
   emerge --help config didn't help figure out what i needed at all 
 
emergeing openoffice runs out of space badly 

    open office seems to want about 2g to build.  wheee!  (actually i
    dont use the word processing part, but the spreadsheet is quite nice
    and i don't see any way to just have the one and not both)

    it ran out of space.  i changed the tmp directory to a partition with
    lots of space on it, but the build failed somewhere and left a major
    pile of disk space still in use (about 1.5g) (in the openoffice work
    subdirectory)  

    when i killed the emerge with control-c, it deleted the files in
    the work subdirectory, hence requiring me to restart the build from
    scratch.  

    a flag for "ok to interrupt, keep work files" and a flag for "try to
    continue if you can" for big emerges would be convenient.  i found 
    keeptemp in features - will see if this does the right thing. 
 
libstdc++ seems to have disappeared 
 
    once i had x up i downloaded a recent phoenix build.  worked fine,
    until i ran into the openoffice problem of running out of space.  
    
    i wasn't mucking around in /usr/lib so must have done something odd
    with emerge in trying to clean up. 



 
(1 comment |comment on this)saturday, march 15th, 20038:39 am
boycott sis i've just installed gentoo linux on my laptop and except for the time taken to recompile stuff (saying emerge kde brought in enough packages that it took about 18 hours), everything is fine.except, of course, for the fact that i have an sis graphics chipset.  and sis doesn't support linux - instead there seems to be one person who is doing it for them (http://www.winischhofer.net/linuxsis630.shtm).  bastards.  i hereby vow not to buy another sis chipset until this changes, nor will i recommend that anyone else do so - on windows machines or elsewhere.  yup, they're cheaper, but cheaper in the bad sense of the word. 
(comment on this)monday, march 3rd, 200310:46 am
how do you know when eou people are lying?  i'd not filed a change of address form with the post office when i left eou and they had agreed to forward mail to me. they lied.  mail addressed to me there has been staying there - evidently because it says "jeff putnam, computer science department" it is considered by the occupants of the arts and letters mail offices to belong to them.  so they've been giving it to whoever they damn well want to give it to. i have one piece of mail that was sent to me first class and that i know did not make it here.  i can only assume that lots of other mail - sample texts for the most part, i expect - have been happily appropriated by them. this is not the first time eou has lied to me or to others.   students, prospective faculty - beware. 
(comment on this)saturday, march 1st, 200311:06 am
from the new yorker.... i've been reading "the new yorker" since college.  started by looking at the cartoons and ended by reading each weeks version cover to cover.    of course, it often took more than a week to read, so i was perennially behind, but i always did my best not to let the piles get too high.this was pre tina brown and the magazine was a bit different then.  articles were longer, sometimes continued in multiple issues (so i had to be careful to not let the piles get mixed up).  i think its fair to say that it explored a unique area in periodical publishing - managing to be pretentious, funny, intellectually challenging, fascinating, intimidating and charming.   some people perceived it as elitist and arrogant.  sometimes they were right.  i found it sometimes dull (most new yorker fiction leaves me less than interested), sometimes a bit of a chore (some of those extended articles took real effort), sometimes just too much.  but i always kept reading.  i couldn't even begin to recount some of the things i read there that influenced me.  some things i still remember quite vividly - but even though i might not remember all the articles now - i remember how often i'd be inspired to go off and read up on a subject  - just because an article had piqued my interest, or because a book review was impressive.    i would though like to mention john mcphee and george booth as standing out particularly - though that should not be taken as a disparagement of any of the other authors.  careful reading of the new yorker from the 9th grade on would probably enable someone to boost their standardized test scores substantially - and would probably be a reasonable replacement for high school.then came tina brown.  the magazine got better in some ways - allowing content it would never have previously.   it got worse in others - articles got shorter and less challenging.   we got lots more advertising per unit of paper mailed.  there was a try at cryptic crosswords which eventually floated away into the sunset.    the covers became more diverse, more striking - even a bit daring (for small values of "bit").   i don't think the new yorker should return to what it was before - though i do think a few steps in that direction would be a good thing.  still, the magazine still comes to me every issue.  and i read every issue (though sometimes i'm waaaaaaay behind).  some of the articles are brilliant.  there are more sections i skip - it used to be just the fiction unless the author was someone of particular interest.   i'd love to have a lifetime subscription (though it would be nice to have such deliver a few perqs - say losing those damn loose subscription cards).  in this, more recent, magazine i'd like to point my fickle finger of fate (in praise, i should specify)  at anthony lane as one of the writers i always read carefully, to roger angell - who somehow manages to keep me reading about baseball even when i don't ever watch more than a dozen consecutive minutes of a game,  to henry louis gates who always makes me thing, to bruce mccall who always makes me laugh.   and a particular nod of appreciation to the cover artists (sometimes i think i'd like to paper a wall with new yorker and science covers checkerboard style).  mentioning these people should in no way be taken as disparagement of those i have not mentioned - but listing them all would take hours.  anyway, i started thinking about writing this because i ran into a quote in a new yorker i'm currently reading (april of 1998 - i still have those piles and tend to pick issues from them randomly so will sometimes read one that is five years old and the next will be last week's).  the article consists of excerpts from the diary of victor klemperer, an ethnic jew living in dresden during the hitler years, including a brief description of the firebombing.   he survived both the nazis and the allies, by the way.  but the passage that really hit me, and that has stuck in my head now for a week or more, was talking about a woman who committed suicide rather than be shipped off to theresienstadt :  "substitutes are arranged in advance for every transport: the gestapo assumes that a number of suicides will occur.  german organization.   
(comment on this)thursday, february 27th, 20031:44 pm
war or wan? the us seems ready to spend hundreds of billions of dollars to have a war.  a war justified by two major notions it seems - one is to remove the weapons of mass destruction that iraq may have developed and be interested in deploying, and the other is to return democracy to iraq. both admirable goals, by the way.but i have an alternative proposal.  one that might achieve both goals, be rather cheaper, and even provide a mechanism that would work more generally. lets bring the information superhighway (or in this proposal, the information super herd path) to the iraqis.we can't just try to give everyone computers and modems, the government of iraq could far too easily just block or track all modem use on the phone lines.  or could we?  if the use of the phone lines could be eliminated and a secure and robust way to communicate built,  people could potentially use this as a back channel for communications of all sorts.   suppose (for the moment) that this could be done, and that we could get  the appropriate computer technology into enough hands to make it worthwhile. this could potentially help solve a couple of problems that the whole war notion is aimed at.     it would provide a communications channel for those interested in building a democratic society.  this could be used to build  political parties, and given sufficient security, it would be very  hard for the government to shut down.     it would also provide a  communications channel for people interested in reporting weapons  manufacture.  if the us were to promise to pay the person giving the  first verified report with a million dollars or so and a  green card, it would be a very nice temptation.  i suspect that hidden weapons plants would last a couple of weeks at best and i would hope (my inner idealist speaking) that a foundation for democracy would be built that might be far stronger than that provided by an occupying army.so, can it be done?  there seem to me to be two main components needed, a "communications pad" - not a full fledged computer - just a screen and communications link.  i'd go for a stylus model with handwriting/gesture recognition using the screen as the input device.  this would eliminate the keyboard and mouse and should allow the system to be a single package. i think an 8 inch by 11 inch by 0.5 inch size is about optimal - large enough to be usable, small enough to be concealable.  lets call this a stupid (stop terrorism user pad interface device - don't laugh, look up what the "patriot" in the "patriot act" stands for). the stupid would have a monochrome lcd screen - the technology is known, stable and relatively inexpensive.  monochrome would also allow the resolution to be a bit higher which is a quite reasonable tradeoff. put a low power consumption cpu inside (a transmeta chip?), memory, maybe one of those tiny disks.  sound doesn't seem necessary.  a tiny digital camera on one corner could be very useful though.  the lightest battery possible with solar cells on the back side for recharging.  a plug for running off the mains would be nice, but there may be advantages in trying to keep the case unbroken (it would make it easier to hide in a bag of flour or the like, waterproof would be even better, of course).   it might have a disk, but for security reasons it might be better to  limit the amount of information actually saved on the machine.  that way if the machine is grabbed by the constabulary, it would have less information on it that could compromise the person possessing it.   toss in a wireless communication link with the antenna in the case and  we're done.   for software, it would run a web browser with a simple email facility.  email would sent to a server that could act like any of the major network mail server systems.  it would have a minimal os - just enough to start the browser, handle basic io and do the communications.  it would also need a reasonably strong encryption package - though this might be handled in dedicated hardware. probably something based on the standard pk encryption techniques would work best though key handling would need some care. put some good people on it for development and manufacturing and aim at making them available cheap.  say less than $20 each - so that it would be safer for someone to toss one out in case of a security sweep than to keep it.  and so we could manufacture them in large quantities.  monochrome pdas (though without the communications link) are now available for less than $40 so this does not seem out of line.  (i saw an ad recently for a pda + cell phone at less than $100 - though the service contract will undoubtedly make up for the low price.)  "but wait!" (you say, i hope.)  "wireless communication? would that not be trackable and traceable?"   it would.  the ideal would be some sort of narrow signaling mechanism that could go directly to a satellite - the right kind of laser or something might work nicely.  but these would tend to be relatively heavyweight solutions.  instead use the satellite for downloading to the stupids and wireless for transmission and receiving. (of course, a satellite is not the only solution - such transceivers could be put in balloons, drone aircraft with low radar signatures,  embassy rooftops (or is that a violation of diplomatic immunity?),  even mountaintops outside but near the borders.   so we build another bit of hardware.  tiny! - as small as possible, possibly solar powered(?) transceivers. reasonable range, ideally with some sort of jamming resistance built in.  these would listen for transmissions from each other and from the user interface machines and would forward messages whenever possible.    the sneaky part  is to make them cheap.  i mean "cheap!"  because we'd want many of them.   like millions.  and millions. now add in a few larger transceivers that would serve to forward this wireless traffic up to the satellite, or out of the country and we're all set.  if you can then figure out a way to get one or a couple of the stupids to everyone in the country - maybe drop them from an airplane (see, thats why we want them to be cheap).  drop many (many, many, many) of the small transceivers all over everywhere.  the goal is to provide redundant connectivity and to make it effectively impossible to find them all.  if their transmissions can be arranged to be short and bursty, all the better.  be prepared, of course, to watch and drop more from time to time.  put some on strings so they'd hang up in trees, make them float in water, put glue on them so people could stick them in strange locations. setup the satellite, a set of web servers (with appropriate languages for iraq) for user postings from folks using them and a set of servers for mail.i don't know satellite costs, but suppose we needed to drop 20 million (yes, 20 million - 20,000,000 - the goal being to saturate the population and have a few left over) stupids and 50 million transceivers.  if the cost were $20/stupid and $3/transceiver, that would add up to $600 million.  thats a fair chunk of money, but probably rather less than the cost of a day or two of a full scale invasion.  the sheer quantity of devices  put in place at one time would almost certainly overwhelm any police efforts to seize them quickly.  of course there are development costs too.  in particular, the networking protocols need to be worked out carefully, as does the cryptographic infrastructure.  these problems seem solvable though and not out of range of current technology.  and it would take a year or  so to develop the technology into a usable form.  (i did suggest this last year, so if the right people had listened, we'd be there by now.) of course the security folks would also have access to these things. some of them might be on the side of democracy, so thats a good thing.  others probably not.  the potential for them to co-opt  the technology exists, but strong encryption helps to protect the other users (the good guys).  this does raise some interesting social questions though about the negotiation of trust - a very interesting area indeed.  the population would have to gain trust in the system itself and that would take some time.   another problem worth a good look.  if the security forces try to use these things as a tool, all the better.  to do that they would have to keep the communications channels open which helps the population in general.  further, it is probably possible to figure out some good proportion of the security forces and the machines they use - if they then rely on these, messages could be constructed to mislead them and generally make things tougher.  this is a two edged sword though as too much of such behavior would lessen the trust that ordinary citizens would have in the system.it would have interesting side effects though.  it would make pervasive (ubiquitous) computing a reality - these things (with a slightly different communications mechanism) could be sold cheaply around the us and the rest of the world as well.  and, of course, it would provide the high tech industry with a nice shot in the arm (both hardware and software).the same system could be used in other societies as an inducement to democracy and openness - nothing in the description relies in any deep way on assumptions about iraq.  if cheap enough, it could also be used as an emergency communications system - just hand the things out to people when needed, seed the area with the transceivers and there you are.  keep it with your duct tape. but i doubt the government of the us would go for it.  the current trend is to see private communications - by anyone - as a threat to security.  and its being said that crackdowns on strong encryption are likely.  so seems all too unlikely that this government would actually act on a commitment to democracy and free speech - especially if that free speech were not being monitored, controlled and censored.but it would have been such a fun thing to try. 
(comment on this)wednesday, february 26th, 20032:21 pm
 "meow" is just cat for "woof">— —slashdot user>— —slashdot 
(comment on this)11:18 am
scheme i've long been tempted to use scheme as a first language because itoffers a number of very nice advantages :      the syntax is trivial.  i tend to find the "don't forget to put    a semicolon there" bit.  i also wish that the java designers had    not given in to the temptation to allow a statement as the then    part of an if or a loop - and required a block so i'd not have to    handle all of the errors where the student does :           if (y > 0) y++ ; x++ ;       instead of  :             if (y > 0) { y++ ; x++; }        the language is very small - at least r(5)rs is small.  this means    that a student can master most of the language very quickly.      hygenic macros are very nice and give the instructor a chance (sometimes    on a per-student basis) to talk about when things get evaluated.    scheme can be used as a functional language (just ban set! and its     cousins) so it gives the students an exposure to that early on.    at some point, it can be fun to do an implementation of a minimal    lisp (such as scheme) in another course and seeing the language from    both sides could be quite nice.  i've not moved to scheme for a couple of reasons :     the texts haven't been that great.  "structure and interpretation    of programming languages" is a classic, but not appropriate for all    students - its probably not a good cs1 text.  "the schematics of    computation" by manis and little, is good in many ways - it would    tempt me seriously, but is also difficult, really needs a second    edition and its status is a bit up in the air.  the best cs1 text    in scheme that i have looked at would have to be "scheme and the    art of programming" by springer and friedman.       i like using graphics in cs1 where i can - its a nice motivating    element for the students and it can be very handy to help relate    what a picture shows and what the code does.  however, support for    graphics has not been all that good for the most part.    scheme is a small language.  very small.  (see good things above)    however, the scheme standard includes call-with-current-continuation    which can cause implementation problems so it's not in every scheme.    also, everyone has extended scheme, some have modified its syntax    (that is, i've seen schemes with set! renamed to setq and so on) and    probably no two scheme implementations are the same.  in particular,    the dialect used in sicp is very non-standard.      since scheme is as small as it is, some things are not all that easy    to do.  in particular, i find the "do" construct for looping to be    a major pain and i suspect students would feel similarly.     this abundance of implementations means that if someone wants to use    scheme on their linux machine it may not be the same as the scheme in    the lab running on windows.  and the situation has been double-plus-ungood    for macos.  i like to have a language with free implementations for     at least these major platforms so that a student can install it on    his/her machine and use it at home.    there has been one development in this area worth noting.  people at ricedeveloped   drschemewhich claims to run on all three major os's, to providea simple ide, and to give users access to graphics.  i looked at this a while back and it was far from ready for use in a teaching environment, butthat was a few years back and looking at the web pages it looks to have maturedquite a bit. i'll probably download it and see how it looks.  it does looklike this may be in use at the university of utah so there may be a decenttext available.   if that implementation is decent i'd have to seriously reconsider usingscheme in cs1. 
(2 comments |comment on this)8:35 am
 http://www.underreported.com >— — under reported news.  
(comment on this)8:02 am
testing testing pyglade interface 
(comment on this)sunday, february 23rd, 200312:24 pm
war? the following was sent to a mailing list in which i sometimes inflictmy ideas and thoughts upon the unsuspecting.  its likely that next week we will be at war.  the first week in marchhas been picked by many as the best time to start an invasion of iraqas waiting much longer would lead to an invasion in hot weather whichwould be far more difficult (remember those chemical/biological suitsthe soldiers will have to wear).  the problems we're having withturkey may slow things, but who knows.  i'd like to start by saying that, with exceptions of the lists ofwebsites, most of the things i write and send out are things i'vestarted by writing for myself mostly - to help clarify my own thoughtson things.  if you think i've written too much, you should see thestuff you don't see.i've wanted to comment on the current political situation for a bitnow - but my feelings haven't been entirely clear even to myself. i'vemanaged to convince myself that invading iraq would be a good thing atleast twice (and for two different reasons) and that it would be a badthing three or four times (and for three or four reasons).this was written around the turn of the year, but then my computercrashed and died.  now i've managed to buy a new machine and the olddisk worked fine in it so i recovered everything, but i've been out oftown interviewing each of the last three weeks, so have not had thetime i'd like to have had to recover this and post it.  for thosewho might be interested, it looks like there's a job offer coming fromone of those interviews - but i'll say no more till i actually haveit in hand. i'm not absolutely opposed to war, by the by, ferinstance i was quitein favor of the gulf war - sometimes war is the only way to resolve aninternational problem.  however, i do believe that war is a last resortand should be used as a tool only in response to armed conflict (suchas an invasion of another country).  i'm (with only a few exceptions) not going to give links or referencesfor statements here - i've checked out most of the "facts" and findboth support and refutation for them all - so its really up to you todo your own research and see what you think.finally, given new information i'd probably revise my thoughts on all these things so i've by no means settled into a firm decision. so let me summarize the reasons i've settled on as justifying thewar (to me) :    1) israel has already stated that any hostile actions on the part   of its arab (note that this is very much an arab/isareli conflict,   more so than moslem/jew) foes would result in serious retaliation   by israel.  this is very likely to be nuclear and such retaliation   would result in rapid escalation - likely with all kinds of   interesting alliances of allies and enemies.  its likely to end up   with india and pakistan slogging it out as well as north and south   korea and everyone else with a grudge who might want to take   advantage of the chaos.   2) saddam hussein is a nasty, brutish (and short?), sadistic   dictator who has done his best to quash any opposition and any   sense of democracy.  it can well be argued that we owe the iraqi   people assistance in removing him since the us, in the form of the   reagan and bush(pere) administrations, was instrumental in putting   him in power and helping him to stay there.   3) saddam hussein is constructing and stockpiling weapons of    mass destruction for whatever nefarious ends. the first (the more persuasive to me) reason seems insufficient.  wedon't seem to have any good information that iraq is really preparingfor such an attack - or at least nobody is showing us any suchinformation in any convincing way.  then too, it seems strange to methat we would attack iraq to stop israel from starting a war.  (thisfeels a bit like russia attacking poland to maintain peace with nazigermany.)  even worse, actually starting a war might lead us to thatkind of general conflict.  the second doesn't work for me either - if that were a sufficientreason for us to attack a country we'd find ourselves at war withquite a few countries - including some that we currently support (isupport absolutely israel's right to exist and be safe, but its hardnot to see israel as almost as brutal a regime - if you happen to be amoslem arab - as iraq).  worse yet, its not at all clear that aninvasion would result in a democracy - the us does not have anentirely postive record of installing democratic regimes.the third, and the most often stated reason for having a war is thatiraq either has or is creating "weapons of mass distruction".  thereare two major types of such weapons that are usually mentioned :biological and nuclear.nuclear weapons are difficult critters - easy enough to make if youhave the know how and the right materials (plutonium being a good one,but enriched uranium is also nice, and will suffice).  but they are,without testing (and we have no sign of actual tests from iraq),tricky to get right.  fizzle yields are all too easy to achieve andwhile dangerous and icky, they're hardly enough to really injure anopponent (for a great read on this topic see "the curve of bindingenergy" by john mcphee).  even once you have a nuclear gadget you needdelivery mechanisms for nukes and missles are also hard to do, andplanes are hard to do with reasonable monitoring of planes comingtoward your country.  "hand carried" nukes in trucks or ships are theworst threat - and probably essentially impossible to protect against.even given that iraq has nukes and can deliver them, can they reallymake enough to have any real effect on the us?  sure they can destroya few buildings and kill a bunch of people - but such an attack, ifunprovoked would probably leave the country attacked with ample worldsupport for a nuclear response.  which, i might add, i'd support quitewhole heartedly.of course, the us and israel are not the only possible targets, kuwaitstill has a pile of oil that is probably very tempting indeed to thegovernment of iraq, iraq and iran have a long history of conflict -currently cooled off, but for how long.  iran and the saudi's also havemajor differences in opinion (much of it religious but we cant discountthe saudi support of the us in the gulf war).  the more problematic attack may be bilogical.  delivery mechanisms aremuch simpler - a couple of dozen people with aerosol cans wouldprobably suffice nicely.  we've already seen anthrax used.  smallpoxis another possibility, but perhaps a better is ebola (even better, tomclancy has written a novel that gives a good set of guidelines fordoing this - but then if you want good idea on attacking the us,clancy is all kinds of fun).ebola is scarey stuff (see "the hot zone" by richard preston).  anebola epidemic could do all kinds of harm to any country it mightoccur in, and might well spread to the whole world.  then again itmight just fizzle - but it may be worth considering what a fizzlecould mean.but invading iraq to stop them developing ebola is rather a lost causealready.  the lab equipment needed to make ebola into a weapon couldprobably be put into a couple of winnebagos (colin powell mentionedtrucks) - and for all we know they could be driving around the us,parking in wal-mart lots right at this moment.  even if that is notthe case, it does not take advanced degrees in medicine or biology todevelop ebola as a weapon and the raw materials could be sent to afriendly country or group in a small briefcase in the event of war,the lab destroyed and the developers gone into hiding.another effective weapon could be made from ricin.  ricin is a chemicalthat occurs naturally in castor beans.  the purification process is verysimple  and its a very dangerous toxin.  since its not a disease, it posesno rebound threat and its easily distributed in the water supply.   it would not likely have a major effect on the war itself, but could be usedas a social/psychological weapon intended to undermine support for a war. are there reasons for us to avoid a war? yes.  none perhaps overwhelming, but taken together they do add up.first, see pro-war reason one.  if we invade iraq and they do haveserious weaponry, they're all too likely to use it against israel -its exactly what they did in the gulf war.  if they do and if israelcounterstrikes with nukes - and given the way the government of israelis acting that seems all too likely - things could get moreinteresting than anyone might like.  on a peaceful level this isalready happening - north korea has perceived that the us is subjectto a certain tunnel vision in the world and they've taken advantage ofthis - in some sense therefore we have already lost ground because ofthis (as yet undeclared) war.even if the conflict did not spread outside the middle east, we'd belikely to find the middle east moving from an uneasy and unstablepeace to a messy war with iran, iraq, afghanistan, yemen, kuwait andisrael all fighting everyone else.second.  the us economy is already in trouble.  while war doesgenerally provide an economic stimulus, if it were to lead (as itmight well) to serious increases in oil prices i suspect that ourcurrent "slow down" might become a serious crash with unpredictable(but probably unpleasant) consequences.  the shrubbery has alreadystated that he doesn't care.  but then he's also pretty much immune tosuch considerations as are his principle advisors who are uniformlywealthy.third.  if iraq did have biological agents and decided to use them(most likly against israel - but perhaps against israel and the us)and if it did not fizzle, we could end up with a disasterous worldwide epidemic - as bad as the black death or worse.  there arevariants of ebola with greater than 99% mortality rates - if one ofthese is infectious or is bred to be infectious it could effectivelywipe out civilization worldwide.fourth.  a successful invasion would likely commit the us (perhapswith un support - more likely without, or with only lukewarm support)to a military role as a peacekeeper.  this is likely to leave us inthe position of the ussr in afghanistan or the colonial powers in thethird world, constantly under attack, losing men and spending money ina futile effort to achieve (what was called in a similar situation awhile back) "peace with honor".  we've been told that the reason wedid not take baghdad in the gulf war was that there was a politicalvacuum in iraq and no effective alternative leadership.  as far asi can tell, this has not changed.  fifth.  it seems likely that the wtc attacks were motivated byanti-american sentiment among fundamentalist moslem arabs.  an attackagainst iraq without the provocation of a previous attack by iraqagainst another party is not likely to improve our image abroad.  itseems very likely indeed to make things worse and stimulate furtherattacks against the us and its allies by similar groups, andpotentially with stronger support by moslem arab governments.  worseit could spread to moslem states without a primarily arab ethnicmakeup.  since the us is already painted as being anti islam becauseof our pro-israeli stance(and since the wtc attacks because of raidson mosques in the us), this would not be a terribly hard sell.this is likely to lead to more terrorist attacks against the usand our allies (or those perceived to be our allies, or even thoseperceived as not being appropriately anti-us in general).  i canthink of a number of effective ways to attack the us using peoplealready present here using explosives, chemical agents (ricin, sarin),or even biological agents.  though if i were masterminding it, i'd tend to focus on things that would not kill too many people and thatmight foment dissention.  as a simple example, destroying theglen canyon and hoover dams certainly seems doable.  it would remove a major source of electric power and drinking water.  it would be a spectacular bit of news footage for cnn.  and itwould start an interesting debate about replacing the structures.sixth.  the us does not seem to be doing a good job of convincingother countries that war is necessary.  what does that say about ourreasons for war?  finally.  when in doubt i believe that we should always try to usepeaceful methods rather than war - and war should be really the onlypossible recourse before it is undertaken.   i don't believe weare at this stage yet.  so there you have some of my thoughts.  as you might guess i'mcurrently against the idea of an intervention type war againstiraq. 
(comment on this)12:22 pm
joke found  on slanted.net :president bush and colin powell are sitting in a bar. a guy walks over and says, "wow, this is a real honor. what are you guys doing in here?"bush says, "we're planning ww iii. this time we're going to kill 40 million iraqis and one blonde with big hooters."the guy exclaimed, "a blonde with bighooters? why kill a blonde with big hooters?"bush turns to powell, punches him on the shoulder and says, "see, smart ass! i told you no one would worry about the 40 million iraqis! let's roll!!!" 
(comment on this)saturday, february 1st, 20031:26 pm
columbia with many others today i'd like to express my sadness at the destruction of the space shuttle columbia and the deaths of its crew.this incident will certainly be used as a reason to abandon manned space flight, perhaps even space flight in general, but if we want to honor the crew and their sacrifice, we should avoid this and make sure that we continue to put men into space. 
(comment on this)thursday, january 30th, 200312:27 pm
interesting note from this article at the-scientist.com  comes this intriguing quote. other researchers say that the recently created maturity gap--caused by people reaching puberty much earlier and yet working and marrying much later--is leaving adolescents with adult bodies but no relevant social roles, causing them to act out. parenting may also play a role. many studies, moffitt says, have shown that children who are monitored by their parents are better behaved; studies have also shown, though, that good kids simply allow their parents to monitor them. "the parents' perspective that they are the ones controlling the situation is unrealistic," she says. this says several things of interest.  the first sentence lends some support to something i've believed for a while - that our adolescents are adults in many ways, but are treated as children.   and many of the trends (raising drinking age, driving age and so on) look to me like they may be worsening things.  on the other hand we have the trend that seems to be making kids responsible younger for legal problems.  the very notion that trying a twelve year old as an adult is sensible leads me to wonder about the general sensibility of lawyers.  in particular, we often hear the claim that teens are irresponsible - but they're treated so often as irresponsible children that acting irresponsible is not surprising.  the claim that "good kids allow their parents to monitor them"  jibes well with my experience.  more interestingly it also would seem to imply that the current crop of public service announcements encouraging parents to pry into their teens lives will work jest fine for the teens that are already "good kids" and will fail completely and potentially catastrophically for the rest. 
(comment on this)wednesday, january 29th, 20039:14 am
oregon budget oregon voters just voted against "prop. 28", a proposal to increase thestate income tax to cover a projected budget shortfall.  thereare several stories on this at oregonlive.com.  these two stories, in particular, cover the vote. and  the projected effects .  it might be worth noting that there is at leastone action the state might take to save a whole pile of money (not that the state necessarily wants to do that, i understand).  that is, abandon new purchases of microsoft windows and other products(like the sql server that had the net half dead the other evening), in favorof unix (specifically freebsd or linux).  the following articles on slashdot.org cover at least one example of how a city government has done this and saved quite a bit.an early article on the process  and a more recent one on how its been working. 
(comment on this)

[ << previous 20 ]





about livejournal.com































