










home - temple-belton board of realtors®






























































 
 

















skip to content




























 
about about us leadership contact us file an ethics complaint calendarmembership applications and forms member login membership benefits market stats ctxmls dashboard supra nar tr tbbor members only groupeducation tbbor classes online classes designations & certificatesadvocacy trepac current issues past victories realtor® party investinvolvement committees trlp events networking opportunitiesdirectory realtor® directory brokerage/office directory affiliate directory staff








 







 














welcome to the
temple-belton board of realtors®









member login











become a member











ctxmls dashboard





















serving our members and promoting the value of being a realtor® for over 75 years.


















who are we? 
the temple-belton board of realtors® (tbbor) is a non-profit organization that serves approximately 900 realtor® and affiliate members in the central texas area. tbbor is affiliated with the texas  realtors® (tr) and the national association of realtors® (nar), and works to provide our members the tools they need to remain successful. the multiple listing service, education programs and an extensive political action program are just a few of the services tbbor provides.
 













					property search				








					find a realtor®				








					find an affiliate				








					education				















events


tbbor calendar 




view all events


 




















 
if recent events have taught us anything, it’s this: we have more work to do. racism is real, tragically so. discrimination, in all its forms, still casts a long shadow in this country, and too many are being denied the opportunities that all americans deserve. our commitment to the diverse communities we serve starts with a code of ethics.


learn more


 































market statistics for your housing area 


click here to view


 


















the 2024 executive team

















brook fowler 
president
 



















ready to become a member? 


click here for application information


 


















resources



















mls support 
this webpage contains many links to training websites and videos from our technology partners. videos are short and specific to a particular function.


mls support


 


















code of ethcis 
the realtor® code of ethics ensures that consumers are served by requiring realtors® to cooperate with each other in furthering clients' best interests.


nar code of ethics


 


















faqs 
frequently asked questions regarding membership, benefits, education, etc. if you don’t find the answers you’re looking for here, give us a call!


faqs


 










 












© 2025 temple-belton board of realtors®
 | 
site by growthzone












temple-belton board of realtors®









call




(254) 773-0410 










address & map




2703 exchange place, temple, tx 76504, us 










contact us




contact us 










facebook





instagram





twitter





youtube



















 © 2025 temple-belton board of realtors®.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top




















