



seattle wa real estate listings, homes, properties, and lots





























homeproperty searchfeatured listingsopen housesluxury propertieswaterfront propertiessearch propertiesrealty watcherabout uscompanyour teamtestimonialsproperty management/leasingcontactmore....buyer infoseller infoyour home valuemortgage calculator






















































our team






daniella chotzenbroker
 
                



loren chotzendesignated broker
 
                



michael chotzenbroker
 
                



tom perkinsbroker
 
                




yael chotzenmanaging broker
 
                



kent swigardbroker
 
                

  






welcome to our community!
our website gives you access to all properties for sale in seattle, king county, and more.
use our website to search through all listed homes and properties in the area. we are happy to sell you any of the available properties, regardless of who the listing agent is.
if you're looking for real estate, homes, or property in the seattle, wa area, we can help you make an informed real estate decision in order to choose the right home or property for your needs. we pride ourselves on our ability to give our clients important local information based on years of living and enjoying all that the greater seattle area has to offer.
if you are a seller, we can help price and put your seattle home or property on the market for a quick sale. if you'd like to know the value of your seattle home or property, go to our "your home value" page and submit a cma request. we will research do the research for you. this is a free service provided by the landmark group.
this site is designed to help you make the important decisions needed to purchase or sell real estate, homes, or property in seattle. bookmark it for future reference, and feel free to call or email us for all of your real estate needs.
the only thing better than visiting seattle ... is living here!







featured listings













get automatic notifications when listings hit the market
set it and forget it. we will send you all properties matching your search criteria.

 
sign up now


















property search
property searchmoving? this search engine will customize your search for the perfect listing in your desired area.
			
more












never miss out!
never miss out again!with our intuitive realty watcher system, you will be notified via email when a new property hits the market.
more












connect with us
connect with usgive us a call, send us an email, or set up a meeting – we are ready to help you.
more












my home value
my home valueour home value search can provide you with a wealth of information, and it's completely free.
more












tips for buyers & sellers
tipschoosing me as your agent will put your listing in front of quality buyers.more












mortgage calculator
mortgage calculatorbe surprised how much you can afford! find your monthly home mortgage payment on our calculator here.more









contact us

206.325.6000
loren@lorenchotzen.com



 

location

3101 east madison streetseattle, wa 98112






					website by cevado technologies | privacy | 
                
                    dmca
                


























