




cyberfeds®

































































 see what 
cyberfeds®
 can do for you and your agency – get free access now. 





cyberfeds  is the authoritative, objective resource that tens of thousands of federal professionals rely on every day. 


make this unique online resource your daily companion, whether you're in the office, on the road or a remote worker. accessible 24/7 from anywhere, 
cyberfeds  is always at the ready with breaking news critical to your decision-making, practical guidance to handle everyday federal workplace challenges, analysis of your agency's compliance obligations, ready-to-use standard forms and tools, plus authoritative references like the broida and hadley guides. 




every aspect of federal employment law is covered:



























get empowered with constantly updated guidance from the nation's most recognized federal employment law experts 







stay current 










news alerts on trump administration policy changes









updates on decisions from eeoc, mspb, flra and others 







latest guidance to address new rules, regulations, executive orders and other presidential actions










keep your agency compliant 










plain-language explanations of laws impacting federal employment









best practices to meet legal and regulatory mandates







case-based insights to avoid legal pitfalls












implement programs effectively & efficiently 










step-by-step instruction on daily tasks









real-life examples of agencies' successful practices







answers to tricky federal employment law questions 










save time 










daily governmentwide news collated for you in one place









easy-to-use searching of all the tools on the site 







unlimited, free research assistance from the 
cyberfeds team 

















gain exclusive online access to broida's and hadley's guides   




 peter broida's and ernest hadley's guides are the gold standards of legal reference for professionals throughout the federal community. and 
cyberfeds  is the only place where you can get online — and fully searchable — access to every page of all three: 









a guide to federal sector equal employment law and practice by ernest hadley 


a guide to merit systems protection board law and practice by peter broida 

a guide to federal labor relations authority law and practice by peter broida
                    









plus … get unlimited access to high-quality training courses




 the complete 
cyberfeds® elearning  course library is available as an add-on to a yearly subscription, giving you and your agency easy, user-friendly access to 100+ training courses developed by the respected federal employment law attorneys and professionals you trust — all in one convenient place. 
 in addition to the wide range of courses covering today's top federal workplace issues, the 
cyberfeds elearning  course library includes the no fear act course that satisfies the requirement to train all employees, as well as federal manager etraining courses so you can provide your managers with high-quality training — aligned with opm’s ecqs — that guides them in developing leadership skills.
            








your peers already turn to 
cyberfeds … here's your chance to join them — for free! 

 federal practitioners at hundreds of agencies across the country trust 
cyberfeds for guidance and tools to keep their agencies compliant and running efficiently:
          
































previous



next










fill out the form above
 to get free 5-day trial access.  or call 1-800-341-7874 to speak with a 
cyberfeds specialist.
          








 © 2025 lrp media group. all rights reserved. 













