







la belle auberge bed & breakfast





















































                        home
                      



                        wellsboro
                      



                        rooms
                      



                        breakfast
                      



                        reservations
                      



                        massage
                      



                  welcome
                



              gift certificates
            













                        home
                      



                        wellsboro
                      



                        rooms
                      



                        breakfast
                      



                        reservations
                      



                        massage
                      



                  welcome
                



              gift certificates
            

























la belle aubergea destination spa & non-traditional bed & breakfast explore the wilds, relax in comfort




    book with us
  




    explore emerge, our in-house spa
  




































winter escape massage package availablesave 50% off a couples massage!




    learn more
  



welcome to la belle auberge, a victorian home located on the beautiful gas-lit boulevard in the heart of wellsboro.



we are a non-traditional b&b and spa only minutes from the scenic pennsylvania grand canyon and rails to trails bike path.




“highly recommend, we had delightful stay at la belle auberge. [...] i arranged for the couples massage, my husband was thrilled with his massage, as well as myself. it is great to be on main street and so close to the restaurants. [...] our little get-away was perfect.”

— sharon



things to doemerge healing arts & spalocated in la belle auberge, emerge healing arts & spa, has served the wellsboro community for twelve years and counting. guests don’t have to go far (just down the hall from their room!) to enjoy all the wonderful services our spa has to offer. enjoy a massage after your canyon adventure bike or hike. pop in our salt cave or sauna to melt the day away just before bedtime. it is all here under one roof along the gas-lit boulevard.pa grand canyonoften referred to as the grand canyon of pennsylvania and the pine creek gorge, the pa canyon area stretches for over 45 miles with depths of nearly 1,500 feet. these breathtaking views and endless green hiking trails are a haven for sportsman, hikers, and outdoor lovers. the pine creek gorge is a scenic adventure offering rafting, canoeing, and kayaking in early spring and summer.pine creek rail trailusa today cites the pine creek rail trail as one of the 10 great places to take a bike tour in the world. the 61 mile journey in the base of the gorge offers easy pedaling with its gentle grade and spectacular views along pine creek. the trail is enjoyed all four seasons for biking, running, hiking, cross-country skiing, snow shoeing, and more. visitors enjoy the waterfalls, small picturesque villages, and great wild life and bird watching, including local nesting bald eagles.historic gas-lit downtownwellsboro is a cultural jewel on pa's route 6. it is like stepping back in time with its gas-lit boulevards, safe small town charm, and the town square "the green" with its famous wynken, blynken, and nod statue. wellsboro offers wonderful local hamilton-gibson theater productions, world class classical endless mountain music festival, a beautiful full service spa, and downtown shopping and dinning. wellsboro, the heart of north central pennsylvania wilds, was called a "bona fide 21st century eden" by national geographic.cherry springs dark sky parkcherry springs is becoming a very popular attraction in our area and if you have seen the photos, you will know why. cherry springs offers a great day trip from your home base here. the trip to cherry springs will also take you towards some of the least populated areas of pa.




    learn more
  


























































our rooms



paris















enjoy the gas lights of main street in your spacious and luxurious room.



jardins















this room has bright sunshine from a bay window and a private porch.



pyrenees















enjoy the fresh air of pyrenees on your private porch.

















  

continental breakfastfor flexibility of guests on the go, enjoy home baked muffins, yogurt, granola, coffee, tea, and juice in your room or on the wrap around porch surrounded by our garden or take it with you and hit the trails or bike path early.















reservations & promos













book direct and save!
instantly receive a 10% discount* on lodging when you book 2 nights or more online with us.please read terms and conditions below



book your stay online


















buy a gift certificate
buy a gift certificate for lodging services for any dollar amount.



buy gift certificate online


















book a couples massage with your stay
call us for last minute availability.



book your room online






 

* discount does not stack with existing or future discounts. bookings must be made through our website or over the phone. excludes bookings made through third party booking agencies (hotels.com, expedia network, etc…).

















 

emerge in-house spa & salt cavela belle auberge is home to emerge healing arts & spa, offering a full menu of massage, facials, body treatments, detox services, and nails.




    learn more
  






































back to top




contact us




la belle auberge, 129 main street, wellsboro, pa, 16901570-439-7845stay@labelleaubergeinn.com


powered by squarespace










