


hearing aids online | lloyds hearing aids | order hearing aids online!





























                    






 how to pick an aid
 find & compare hearing aids
 completely in canal
 canal / mini canal
 half shell / full shell
 behind the ear
 open fit (bte)
 receiver in canal
 body aid
 build your digital aid
 digital hearing aids
 analog hearing aids
 hot deals



size 10 (yellow)
size 13 (orange)
size 312 (brown)
size 675 (blue)
 battery information


 general
 behind the ear
 body aid
 open-fit bte
 receiver-in-canal bte
 moisture control
 in the ear aid
 hearing components
 all accessories













this website utilizes javascript to enhance your experience, please enable javascript to access all of the features of this website.

our site is undergoing construction.  online order has been temporarily disabled during this process, but if you wish to place an order please call 1-800-323-4212.  sorry for any inconveniences!



welcome to lloyd hearing aids;trusted hearing aid professionals for over 40 years.lloyds, the first company to offer discounted hearing aids through the mail, now offers those same discounts over the web! for over 45 years, lloyds has helped people enjoy a better quality of life by solving their hearing problems. we're the real mccoy.


our best sellers

elite 5 xm $1,495.00
 compare
joy 1 xm $795.00
 compare
joy 1 cic $795.00
 compare
stock mini canal aid - analog+ ihear $279.50
 compare
base 3p $399.50
 compare
bliss 3 full shell $995.00
 compare
base 2hp $499.50
 compare
rexton emerald 40 $1,495.00
 compare
base xm's $1,095.00
 compare






when placing an order over the telephone, please give the customer representative reference code #333 to receive your free shipping and a year of batteries for all hearing aid orders!1-800-323-4212 all hearing aid orders placed online will receive free shipping and a year supply of batteries.
 




can i really buy a hearing aid over the internet? click here



our commitment is to you, our highly valued customer. we provide the world's best hearing aids for any type of hearing aid losses in all of the styles available at prices you can afford. if you need a hearing aid or other hearing aid products, just browse our website.  we know you would be pleasantly surprised at not only our prices but our vast selection. we stand behind every hearing aid we sell to ensure total satisfaction. all of our hearing aids come with a 45-day, money back guarantee. we don't want a lloyds hearing aid sitting in your drawer. please visit our testimonials page to view what just a few of our happy customers are saying about us.at lloyds, we understand how important your sense of hearing is to both you and your family. our team of professionals is ready to help  find the right hearing aid for your individual hearing needs. we offer our hearing aid services with pride. at lloyds, you are treated like a person, not a number.lloyd hearing aids dispenses a wide variety of hearing aid products at the very best prices - prices the average person can afford.  these products include: canal hearing aids, full shell hearing aids, half shell hearing aids, completely in canal hearing aids, behind the ear hearing aids, open fit hearing aids, receiver in the canal bte aids, body aid hearing aids, body aid accessories, behind the ear hearing aid accessories, hearng components hearing aid accessories, hear and go hearing aids, and the best prices anywhere on name-brand hearing aid batteries. give lloyd hearing aid corp. an opportunity to show you the quality of our major manufacturers' hearing aids along with the top notch quality of our professional hearing aid services. lloyds provides high quality repair service for not only all of our manufacturers' name brand aids, but even repair services for aids we didn't sell!  our brand-name hearing aid batteries are the best deal on the internet.  and with our wide variety of hearing aid accessories, we makes lloyds the one-stop shop for all your hearing aid needs.if you have an audiogram and you are interested in finding which of our high quality aids will work for well you, please visit our 'how to pick an aid' webpage (look at the navigation menu to the left).  our 'how to pick an aid' page will not only help you find aids designed for your specific level of hearing loss, but it will also help you read your audiogram. we carry many styles of aids for all levels and types of hearing loss.






i am so pleased with my hearing aid, it's like hearing for the first time.  i dropped a dog cookie on the floor and heard it hit the linoleum!!!  i went to my physical therapy session this morning and didn't have to ask my therapist to repeat his instructions over and over again.  i can hear my favorite music and it sounds wonderful.  i'm already planning on purchasing another.you cannot imagine what you have done for me.  you've changed ......

more testimonials














compare hearing aids - 
before you buy a hearing aid - 
buying hearing aid fears - 
hearing aid reviews 
mobile - 


looking for hearing aids? look no further, we are the only online source you need for hearing related products and and accessories.

site map
copyright © 2025 - 2026



a rockford website design by jumping trout, llc.






