













dupree mutual funds – tax free no load single state municipal bond mutual funds
























home
investors
funds
news
documents
about us
contact







1.800.866.0614
online access
 








dupree mutual funds




home
investors
funds
news
documents
about us
contact











 















tax-free income for living

investments for main street not wall street.





tradition & legacy

no load. tax-free. fixed-income. since 1979.





personal investingthat’s... personal

in-house experts are at your service.





investing as it should be

no load. tax-free income. personal service.





start living  discover how
 

closing prices for 02/14/25




fund
nav
change




ky tax-free income 
$7.18
0.01


ky short-to-medium 
$5.14
0.00


tn tax-free income 
$10.49
0.03


tn short-to-medium 
$10.29
0.01


nc tax-free income 
$10.68
0.02


nc short-to-medium 
$10.41
0.00


al tax-free income 
$11.38
0.04


ms tax-free income 
$10.99
0.03


taxable municipal bond 
$7.37
0.03


inter. gov't bond 
$9.47
0.01






view our prospectus

before investing, consider a fund’s investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. for this and other information please read the prospectus carefully.

get prospectus





  









letter to shareholders: december 31, 2024


											  dear shareholder: the municipal bond market experienced another tough...										














letter to shareholders: september 30, 2024


											  dear shareholder: the long wait is finally over! for...										














letter to shareholders: june 30, 2024


											  dear shareholder: the municipal bond market turned in a...										
















												 
											

dupree has always been a small firm doing big things. in 1941, we were a newly started family-owned securities brokerage firm specializing in tax-free municipal bonds and operating out of a little office above the greyhound bus station in harlan, kentucky. in 1963, dupree moved to lexington and became a regional leader in public finance, helping to structure complex and innovative municipal bond financing for some of the largest public projects in the commonwealth of kentucky, including rupp arena. 






along the way, we developed skills and expertise that allowed us to price a portfolio of bonds on a daily basis—a sophisticated capability previously unheard of “west of the hudson river.” to be sure, our products and technology have changed over the years, but all of the changes have been aligned with our guiding purpose from the start: to offer investors a high-quality, low-cost way to invest in municipal and government bonds and provide superior shareholder service.


												 
											





												 
											

in 1979, one man’s vision changed our future. our president, tom dupree, sr., saw and seized an opportunity to make a difference for individual investors by offering a no-load municipal bond fund option that delivered a steady stream of tax-exempt income while, at the same time, helping communities fund their infrastructure projects. 






today, dupree mutual funds continues to be a pioneer in the no-load single-state municipal bond market. our funds still offer individual investors affordable access to tax-free income opportunities. we’re still family owned and operated. and we still believe that personal investing should be personal. if you agree, let’s get started.


												 
											






  




why invest in municipal bonds?
municipal bonds are a conservative investment that offers a steady stream of tax-free interest income. they also offer investors a way to contribute to local and regional community improvements since they help finance essential infrastructure and public service projects such as roads, bridges, schools, hospitals, water and sewer facilities, and arenas.
dupree mutual funds has a long track record of success in the municipal bond business. in fact, we established the first no-load single-state kentucky municipal bond fund in 1979 – it is currently the third oldest single-state municipal bond fund operating in the united states. in addition to kentucky funds, we also offer single-state tax-free funds in alabama, mississippi, north carolina, and tennessee.

advantages of tax-free mutual funds
investors look to municipal bond funds to provide a steady stream of income that is free from state and federal tax.  in some cases, investors can earn income that is free from local taxes as well. in an effort to increase the yield they offer, many municipal bond funds buy bonds that are subject to the alternative minimum tax (amt).  our funds do not hold any bonds that are subject to the amt. as a result, the income earned by our investors is not subject to the amt.
if you are considering investing in municipal bonds, you should carefully consider a fund’s investment goals, risks, charges, and expenses before investing.  always request and carefully read the fund’s prospectus before investing.

tax-free mutual funds make it easy to investment in municipal bonds
no-load municipal bond funds make it easy to invest in municipal bonds and they offer a number of advantages over holding individual municipal bonds:

lower minimum investment requirements
no front-load, back-load, or sales commissions of any kind
professional management of the portfolio to minimize credit and default risk

greater cost efficiencies due to the manager’s access to institutional markets
in-depth credit research and securities analysis
on-going contact with the issuers of the bonds


diversification across bond issuers further lowers risk
monthly and/or quarterly dividends vs. semi-annual or annual interest payments offered by individual bonds
ability to reinvest dividends


isn’t it time to consider adding municipal bond funds to your portfolio?
whether you are interested in the convenience of owning municipal bonds with professional management, reducing the risk of owning individual bonds in your portfolio, seeking better after-tax returns, or wanting to make an investment that helps local communities, we can assist you in making the decision that is right for you and your goals. 
let’s get started.






  


get started with dupree
if you decide that one of our funds is right for you, please call 800-866-0614 to speak with one of our customer service representatives. or, click the get started button to go directly to our prospectus and application. either way, we look forward to hearing from you soon.



 



get started



 

 
 
 
 
 





home
investors
funds
news
documents
about us
contact
 


before investing, carefully consider a fund’s investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. for this and other information that should be read carefully, please view the prospectus and statement of additional information.

									not fdic insured
								

									may lose value
								

									no bank guarantee
								
the information on this website is intended for u.s. residents only and does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy or an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer. dupree mutual funds are not available in all 50 states. please see the prospectus for guidance on where dupree mutual funds are available to investors.
a “no-load” mutual fund is one that is offered by an open-end investment company that imposes no sales charge (load) to purchase or redeem shares. investors can buy and sell shares directly from the fund company rather than through a broker.
dupree’s single state bond funds offer dividend income that is “tax free” from federal and state income taxes (and amt) in the state corresponding to each fund. residents of states other than the state “named” in the title of the fund still receive dividend income free from federal income taxes (and amt) but may be taxed at the state level. a redemption or exchange of fund shares and any capital gains distributed by the dupree mutual funds may be taxable.
investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with their advisors. dupree mutual funds does not provide tax or legal advice. securities are offered through the funds’ transfer agent, dupree & company, inc., which is a finra member. for more information about dupree & company, inc., please visit brokercheck® by finra.


 
 
 
 





 