














reliable web hosting for 20 years | netmar 























skip to main content








 


netmar 



 

homehostingbusiness planspersonal plansserversdomainsdomain managementdomain registrationdomain renewalssl certificatesssl certificate pricessupportnetmar how-to guideconnectingalldoes netmar backup my data nightly?how do i allow my web designer or employee access to just part of my account?how do i change my account password?how do i change where my weekly statistics reports are sent?how do i create new email addresses?how do i even get to a netmar> prompt and what good is it?how do i find out how much disk space i am using?how do i get my mail from the server?how do i login to my account via ssh?how do i make a form that sends me encrypted email?how do i make customized error pages (e.g. 404 etc.)?how do i receive credit card orders over the web?how do i receive email at my website's domain name?how do i register a domain name just to "park" it?how do i require users to enter a password to access a webpage?how do i restore files i have accidentally deleted?how do i send email with my new domain name in the return address?how do i setup a counter on my webpage?how do i setup a new domain name?how do i setup a web order form?how do i setup new websites with separate domains?how do i transfer my existing website to netmar?12allhow do i use netmar's supplied cgi scripts?how do i use server side includes?how do i use my own cgi scripts?how do i use the free ssl secure server?how to connect3allis my website monitored around the clock?internet etiquettesecure messageabout usguaranteesnetmar service level agreementprivacy policyterms of servicewhy open source?acceptable use policypay onlinecontact uslogin










reliable web hosting for 20 years






since before most other web hosting companies even existed, netmar has been providing rock-solid dependable hosting solutions to businesses all over the world, with ingenious features all included, at prices that fit any budget.

reliability and trust 
your web site can dramatically increase your sales -- but only if it's up when a potential customer looks for it.  our hosting servers are housed in a modern datacenter with redundant cooling, power, and connectivity.  in addition, we use the same vmware technology that we offer in our dedicated server products to provide an extra layer of redundancy for all of our hosting servers, and that makes for web hosting that you can rely on, at a price you can afford.
 








netmar has been in the web hosting business for almost 20 years -- that's almost as long as there's been a world wide web.


						our 30-day money-back guarantee -- if you don't like your hosting service for any reason, we'll give a full refund, no questions asked.

						our 99.97% uptime guarantee --  as part of our comprehensive service level agreement, we commit to keeping your web site up and running, or we'll pay you the difference.

better business bureau accreditation -- a pledge of our commitment to fair business practices.





you want to worry about how to make your web site work for you, not on whether or not it's working.  and when you run into problems, you don't want to argue with your hosting company about how much it's going to cost to get some help.  web hosting isn't our primary business, it's our only business, and we're dedicated to providing the most reliable service that you can find anywhere.  best of all, we never charge for support -- not in over 15 years on the web.
we offer options for personal web hosting plans, business web hosting plans, and entire dedicated virtual servers based on vmware technology.  we also offer domain name registration and ssl certificates for securing your e-commerce web sites.  if you don't see what you're looking for, or if you have questions, drop us a line or give us a call.  we're always happy to see what we can do.
 

 

 

 

about us
with almost two decades of experience in the web hosting business, we've seen a lot of trends come and go.  we're still here because we've stayed focused on the one thing that matters -- our customers.  if you're looking for personal service in an impersonal industry, give us a call.


shopping cart
your shopping cart is empty.

our customers say ...



 
i ordered an account with you on monday and i was able to upload my pages quite easily that evening. thanks for providing a great service. 

	-- betsy bryce 
  




 




powered by drupal
 


 
 


