


detox at allcare.net























    
	detox at allcare.net
	
  
when faced with an addiction, detoxification is crucial is the treatment of the problem.  detoxification not only affects the person psychologically but physiologically as well.

visit  allcare.net  for the latest in health care and for our extensive referral program.  we also have a great list of available "detox" centers in surrounding cities.







monday, february 05, 2007




	 the shakes
    



when people are detoxing from alcohol they tend to get the shakes or tremors.  this is normal but should be taken seriously.  when detoxing from alcohol it can be very dangerous and even life threatening.  make sure to consult with a professional before you detox from alcohol. detox specialists @ allcare.net    



posted by allcare @ 12:57 pm  
      
         14 comments






monday, january 15, 2007




	 detox from a drug
    



when you detox from most drugs, a common side effect is withdrawal.  withdrawal symptoms are not to be taken lightly and can be very dangerous.  consult a professional before detoxing. detox specialists @ allcare.net    



posted by allcare @ 2:29 pm  
      
         1 comments






wednesday, december 20, 2006




	 detox for the new year
    



make it a goal to detox for the new year.  when detoxing from drugs it can be difficult and dangerous.  make sure to consult with a professional before you attempt to detox from whatever drug you are taking. detox specialists @ allcare.net    



posted by allcare @ 11:30 am  
      
         0 comments






monday, december 11, 2006




	 what is a detox diet?
    



what is a detox diet?although detox diet theories have not been proven scientifically, the people who support detox diets believe that toxins don't always leave our bodies properly during the elimination of waste. instead, they say toxins hang around in our digestive, lymph, and gastrointestinal systems as well as in our skin and hair. according to proponents of detox diets, these toxins can cause all kinds of problems, like tiredness, headaches, and nausea.so the basic idea behind detox diets is to temporarily give up certain kinds of foods that are thought to contain toxins. the idea is to purify and purge the body of all the "bad" stuff. detox specialists @ allcare.net    



posted by allcare @ 3:35 pm  
      
         0 comments






wednesday, november 15, 2006




	 time to detox?
    



how do you know when it's time to free your body of accumulated toxins, parasites and other waste materials? if you experience one or more of the following, then it's time to detoxify:frequent fatigue and low energyflatulence, gas & bloatingexcess weightfood allergiesimpaired digestionirritability, mood swingsbad breath & foul-smelling stoolsparasites in stoolfrequent colds recurring headacheschronic constipationirritable bowel syndrome (ibs)protruding belly ("pooch")powerful food cravingsskin problems, rashes, etc.metallic taste in mouthhemorrhoidscandida infection  detox specialists @ allcare.net    



posted by allcare @ 11:12 am  
      
         2 comments






saturday, october 21, 2006




	 detox without pain?
    



depending on what you are detoxing from, the experience you go through can be very diverse.  it is imperative that you detox the correct way and that you see a doctor to see what your options are. detox specialists @ allcare.net    



posted by allcare @ 2:55 pm  
      
         1 comments






monday, january 23, 2006




	 how much did i drink?
    



you may not have realized how much you have had to drink over the holidays.  what ever the ounces may be, are not helping your body much.  every different person metabolizes their alcohol differently. it would be beneficial to your body to take a holiday from alcohol. detox specialists @ allcare.net    



posted by allcare @ 1:01 pm  
      
         4 comments










	 detox?
    



there are various types of detox methods that exist.  finding the right one for you is critical as well as finding a qualified specialist to consult with.  detox is not to be taken lightly and should be researched greatly before taking any kind of action.   detox specialists @ allcare.net    



posted by allcare @ 1:01 pm  
      
         0 comments














links

google news
edit-me
edit-me

previous posts

the shakes
detox from a drug
detox for the new year
what is a detox diet?
time to detox?
detox without pain?
how much did i drink?
detox?
rapid detox
are you ready to detox?

archives

may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
october 2005
january 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007









 





