









westminster md managed it services





















































skip to content













managed it services and computer repairs 

computer repairs, pc service, and technology consulting in carroll county, maryland
call now: 410-871-2877, for local computer help in westminster, maryland.
pc410 provides on-site and remote pc hardware and software integration, installation, managed service plans, and computer repairs in carroll county, maryland and near-by areas, including baltimore. custom computers built-to-order, or choose from top computer lines, pre-configured with your business’ specialty software.
specialties:

computer repairs: hardware upgrades, software patching, and pc tuneups.
technology consultant: for businesses too small to have on-site pc help, remote computer management and maintenance.
tuneups: improve speed by turning off un-needed software and checking for malware and installing updates.
data migration: move all your files, mail, shortcuts, documents, pictures, and more from an old computer to a new one. 
malware cleanup: virus removal, adware, ransomware, spyware, worms, and cryptoware: your computers should work for you, not some hacker. cybersecurity isn’t one program; it’s endpoint protection, system backups, and employee security training. 
data recovery: data copied from damaged computers and bad drives.
pc sales: authorized dealer for lenovo and dell, including finding exactly the options you want, or custom computers, built to do what you need, in any environment.
web design: fully-managed web hosting, ai art creation, and design work. hosting includes updates and off-site backups.
computer services listing


data recovery from spinning hard drives and solid-state technology is available. for older systems, solid-state upgrades provide an immediate speed jump.
latest pc action items 


windows 11 feature update 24h2 was released october 1st, 2024. get help installing it if it doesn’t offer to upgrade.
windows 10 21h2 ended in june 2023, and all of windows 10 and office versions up to 2019 will end october 14th, 2025.
there’s a free windows 11 keyboard shortcut chart available to download and print.
windows 11 won’t install on computers from before 2018. but checking to see if it can run on your computer is free; call for help.
there’s a new video up: it’s an introduction to recognizing emails and web pages that aren’t safe.


windows 11 





searchsearch

artificial intelligence, ai-assisted web designcomputer services availableremote repairs for malware cleanupsspecialty computers built, as neededwhy buy my computer from a local shop?data recoverycorel authorized, wordperfect certifiedwestern digital preferred partnermanaged it services and computer repairspc410 blog and newssubscribe to pc updater newswindows end of support calendararticlesback up your business, not your computer!backups, now-point-oh.ohbusiness continuity basics: backup your communicationsfree 3-2-1 backup reference chartfree windows 10 keyboard shortcuts chartfree windows 11 keyboard shortcuts charthow do i maintain my windows-based computer?how do i salvage data from my old, dead, or infected pc?how to be a computer mystichow to look like a loser: malware & startupwareif all software was this good. or evil.infographic: don't click that phish!my pc had malware, what's after the cleanup?self-imposed doorstopscontact us


latest news at startupware.com


driver updaters are pupsfebruary 10, 2025 - jerry sternall third-party driver update software is worthless. most of it is either advertising for a so-called antivirus suite, which is another way of saying ‘software by the department of redundancy [...]3-2-1 backup your filesjanuary 24, 2025 - jerry sternyou need three copies of every file, on two types of storage media, and one copy offsite. that’s 3-2-1 backup. here’s how, in the free january 2025 issue of pc [...]3-2-1 backup resolutionjanuary 10, 2025 - jerry sternbe it resolved for new year’s, you will backup. twice. once locally, and once to the cloud. here’s how, in the free january 2025 issue of pc updater news. the [...]definition: computer wormdecember 26, 2024 - jerry sterncomputer worm: malware that can spread itself from one computer on a network to anothere without a user’s help. famous examples include codered and sql-slammer. read more in the free [...]lab rats and windows 11december 12, 2024 - jerry sternthe windows 11 feature update 24h2 is up, and is being offered as an update in windows 11. for business computers and non-techie home users, don’t install it yet. it’s [...]sick computer? or not?november 26, 2024 - jerry sternis your computer sick? or was there just a glitch solved by shutting it down and starting it up again? here’s how to tell. the clues are visible in the [...]november 2024 pc updater news-2025 pc pricesnovember 12, 2024 - jerry sternthe free november pc updater news has arrived. this month, there are predictions for next year’s computer prices, and how to tell if your computer is sick. the post november [...]shiny new windows and your new officeoctober 10, 2024 - jerry sternmicrosoft has released windows 11 feature edition 24h2 (2024 second half), and office 2024, which is the software in the microsoft 365 subscription, and also the buy-it-once software package. what [...]



service areas

call science translations in westminster md for a free estimate on your computer repair, upgrade, virus cleanup and tuneup, or data migration.410-871-2877on-site service available in carroll county, maryland, and nearby areas, including reisterstown, owings mills, and baltimore, as well as finksburg, lutherville, towson, cockeysville, timonium, hunt valley, and taneytown, md.

facebook
twitter
linkedin
instagram









all pages on this site are ©copyright 1998-2025, science translations, all rights reserved.

consultant and cto, jerry stern, westminster maryland 21157 and 21158 

office 410-871-2877 

onsite service area: westminster maryland, carroll county, baltimore county, and nearby howard and frederick counties in maryland.

site map



















