












home
































menu





home page

 
guides

 
software

 
contact

 
















children's software online









we help children and families have clean fun









we provide family-friendly software reviews and guides




























welcome! we are velma and james kraemer.we know that children aren't aware of the many dangers that surround them, especially when they use the internet.that's why we have decided to launch this site. we want to empower responsible parents, who understand both the blessings and the dangers of the online world.just take a look at the cybersecurity stats below and you'll see what we mean.










kids are being bullied online65% of kids have been involved in a cyberbullying incident.source: digital trends








identity theft is on the riseover 10 million americans are affected by identity theft each year.source: data alliance








unsupervised internet usage71% of parents don't supervise their children after the age of 14.source: love to know










read our guides to learn how to keep your children safe online. then, read our child-friendly software reviews to discover free, fun applications and games for them.










recent guides










how to monitor your kids' online activitiesthe internet provides lots of opportunities for children! they can use it to communicate with their friends, play various online games, get access to useful information, and so on. however, the internet can also be a virtual window to unsuitable images and videos, can expose children to online predators, and more. therefore, it is the duty of any responsible parent to monitor his/her children's online activities. here's how to do it...read more








essential tips for healthy gamingmore and more children play games these days. and believe it or not, more and more adults do the same! it's not a surprise that many people earn a lot of money by streaming their game-related activities using websites like twitch and/or by getting involved in various e-gaming tournaments. so, it looks like games are here to stay. most of them are fun, helping us relax at the end of a tiring day and relieving stress...read more








proven ways to protect online privacyyour children's privacy is one of their most precious assets. internet advertisers are very interested in learning what they like and dislike, though, so that they can target them with enticing ads. fortunately, most parents understand that the information that is being shared online can often be misused. so, how can we make sure that our kids' information stays safe? here are several essential tips. most social media websites...read more










recent software reviews








gcomprisgcompris is a complex educational software suite that has been built with children aged 2 to 10 in mind. most activities are game-oriented, and this makes learning new things a lot of fun...read more








toontalkken kahn, the maker of toontalk, defines it as "an animated world where kids can make, run, debug, and trade programs". the "game" begins with you flying a helicopter; then, after landing...read more








tux painttux paint is a child-friendly digital drawing application which was built for children aged 3 to 12. due to its user-friendly interface, great flexibility and fun sound effects, it is being used....read more








scratchscratch has been built by mit media lab and has been translated into almost 100 different languages. it's a project that helps children create stories, games and animations, and then share them...read more




















about uswe are velma and james kraemer, two teachers who have two great children. if you like what we're doing here, be sure to spread the word about our site. thanks!







recommended sitesfunologyswitch zoofunbrain







popular guideshow to monitor your kids' online activitiesessential tips for healthy gamingproven ways to protect online privacy







contact usvjk@childrenssoftwareonline.comphone: 815-977-1498http://childrenssoftwareonline.com/
















