

the tesseract: a madeleine l'engle bibliography in 5 dimensions










please read this first:



 you
can't email madeleine l'engle through this website. madeleine l'engle
is deceased.








hi, i'm karen funk blocher. i built this website to help madeleine l'engle's readers figure out what books they want to read or buy for their collections, and where to get them. this website can also be helpful to people with questions about madeleine l'engle herself and students with papers to write. but: i'm not here to help you get out of reading a book for school, or to write part of your paper for you!
if you have questions about madeleine l'engle or her
books, please explore this website before you email me your questions.
there are lots of links in the table of contents below to help you find what you need. most of the questions i receive are already answered on the faq page. if you want basic information about the novels in each series and in what order to read them, start with my novels page. another major resource is wikipedia. for various reasons, nearly all of my recent writing about madeleine l'engle has been concentrated there.
if after you read this website you still have a couple of specific questions for me, you can email me through a link at the bottom of this page, and i'll answer if i can--eventually. (you'll get a faster response from my main email address of mavarin2 at gmail.com.) i should warn you, i've been very delinquent about this in recent years, but with the updating of my listed email address i'll try to do better. thanks, god bless you, and enjoy!
karen








 
contents
(sections in red are not yet written)

news:  madeleine l'engle, 1918-2007
films based on madeleine l'engle's work
madeleine
        l'engle: a brief biography
ml'e and me
about this web site
the books of madeleine l'engle
answers
        to frequently asked questions about l'engle and her books


books
        about madeleine l'engle and her writing


where
        to find the books
the
        novels of madeleine l'engle (includes information on how to read
        the books in order):

the murry
          family novels (time quartet) (including a wrinkle in time)
the
          o'keefe family novels
the
          austin family novels
camilla
          dickinson & katherine forrester (vigneras)
other
          novels
bible
          retellings and biblical fiction

links
        to me and my other web sites
links
        to other l'engle-related sites
other works by madeleine l'engle:

forewords, afterwords, essays and introductions
autobiographies (the crosswicks journals)
christian reflections
poetry and prayers
short stories
miscellaneous works






news: madeleine l'engle, 1918-2007



first off, my apologies for not updating this page much since madeleine l'engle died on september 6, 2007 of natural causes, after years of declining health. i will be going through the site over the next month or so (fall 2011) and try to get things reasonably up to date. obviously, the amount of news to be conveyed at this point is virtually nil.that said, i will be offering an introductory course about the writing and theology of madeleine l'engle at st. michael and all angels in tucson, arizona starting sunday, october 9th, 2011 at 9 am. click here for more info.







madeleine
l'engle-related films
(last updated: 10/7/11)



a wrinkle in time
disney's 3 hour adaptation of a wrinkle in time finally aired monday, may 10th, 2004 on the abc program the wonderful world of disney.  it is now available on dvd. would i buy it? well, i did, but for at least a year i never actually opened and watched the dvd. that should tell you something about my opinion of it. most recently i played just the l'engle interview that appears in the dvd extras.

over the years, madeleine l'engle has retained the film rights
to all her books, refusing to let anyone make a film of, for example,
            a wrinkle in time, until someone wrote a script
that met with her approval. various screenwriters tried and
failed to do this; apparently most of them just didn't "get
it." they did not understand what the book was about. the fact that
l'engle allowed this production tells me that she probably felt that
this particular group of filmmakers did understand the story, or she
realized that she was running out of opportunities to see it made in
her lifetime, or both.  interestingly,  www.madeleinelengle.com
never got around to listing the air date, and a new york times news
service press release said that l'engle was declining to comment on the
finished product. however, in a new interview with newsweek (mid-may 2004), she says, "i expected it to be bad, and it is." ouch!
from everything i've read over the past several years, however, the makers of the tv movie were passionate about making the best film/tv
adaptation of a wrinkle in time that they possibly could. nor was it just another property to them. it's a project at least one of the producers has been wanting to for many years, perhaps even decades. 

the film won the 2003 best feature film 
              award at the toronto 
              children's film festival.  it was filmed in canada, principally vancouver and whistler, in 2000-2001.  as early as september, 2001, a trailer for it appeared  on the spy kids vhs and dvd releases.  that trailer was very different from what eventually aired. similarly, most of the press releases for it mentioned meg's father's "partner" in the tesseract project, hank.  the character is briefly mentioned on page 167 of the book as a co-worker at the lab, who drew the short straw and tessered first.  the aired version of the movie, mercifully, doesn't mention him, but the deleted scenes included with the dvd reveal that hank becomes the man with red eyes, something that certainly doesn't happen in the book. one variation between the book and the movie that didn't get changed to be more canonical is in the first names of meg's parents. in the movie, they're jack and dana. as revealed in the l'engle book an acceptable time, their names should have been alexander (alex) and katherine (kate).
that's just the tip of the iceberg of differences between the book and the movie. there are scenes added, scenes subtracted, scenes moved around. most of the dialogue is very different, and the movie updates the 1962 book with contemporary slang and references to the web. i think, however, that we must accept that this isn't a word-for-word adaptation of this wonderful book and never could be, for dramatic, cinematic and other reasons. the film  mary poppins isn't much like the books, but it's a truly great film anyway. no two versions of hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy (radio, books, tv, and lp record) have quite the same plot, but they're all great.  so we must take the movie of a wrinkle in time on its own terms, and decide whether it works. 
on the whole, i think it does. it's not the greatest tv movie ever made, but it's well-cast, visually impressive, and reasonably satisfying in terms of story and characters. some points are made all too obvious, while others are passed over, and a few of the characters, most notably mrs which, aren't the people we know from the books.  but most of the characters are recognizably themselves, even if they don't say quite the same things; and the themes of the book remain more or less intact, even if the incidents that convey them are different from the original. (one exception: pretty much anything overtly religious was scrubbed from the tv movie, which is a loss.) the filmmakers made highly unexpected choices in casting the mrs ws, making them much younger and prettier than i ever pictured them being. but that's okay. they're good actresses, and they all did interesting things with their highly reinterpreted roles.
two other recent screen projects are as follows:

a ring of endless light
(updated: 3/22/03)

a ring of endless light premiered on the disney
channel august 23, 2002 at 8 pm eastern/pacific, as a made for tv movie. disney channel original movies during this era typically premiered on a friday with back to back airings, were shown again the following night, and were repeated on an irregular basis after that. the most popular ones even get released on video in some cases. i have to say i was more than a little disappointed by this tv movie, which used the "safe" parts of the book (vicky and adam and dolphin communication, mostly), cut out most of the gloom and doom (no dead commander rodney, no jeb, no sick little girl in the er, no sparrows in danger) and added on a save-the-dolphins plot that's previously appeared, more or less, in at least one other disney production. also, the austin parents are absent for most of the film, and vicky's older brother john is omitted completely as if he never existed.
still, the cast was very good, and there are bits of pieces of the "real" characters and themes among the fluff. i guess i should have known that disney wouldn't start with a book that is mostly about death and take it to the small screen intact. (*sigh*)
mischa barton (an alumnus of all my children, who also
appeared in the 1999 film the sixth sense) stars as vicky
austin, the girl who can communicate with dolphins. its producer,
martha wheelock of ishtar
films, was also producer on her video biography, madeleine
l'engle: star*gazer. bruce graham wrote the screenplay,
and greg beeman directed. /p>

the following was written by me before the movie first aired.
i still agree with most of it: 
the disney channel movie apparently has vicky, adam, and even
zach trying to save dolphins from villainous fishermen using illegal
drift nets. uh, excuse me, but that's not in the book i read!
still, if madeleine l'engle approved the addition this ecologically
uplifting plot complication, then i'm prepared to give the zoog
movie a fair chance. after all, environmentally-aware themes appear
in several of l'engle's books, including the arm of the starfish,
which introduced the ever-popular adam. i have to wonder, however,
whether all this zug about drift nets is a substitution for some
or all of the human deaths and impending deaths that form the
heart of the original book. i was thinking just before the promos
turned up that the novel as written is a little heavy for disney.
they may have had to tone down the omnipresent death angle and
build up the dolphin angle to get the movie made at all. a dolphins-in-danger
story has got to be a much easier sell for teen/tween-oriented
cable than a story about a girl who is surrounded by
death during one long, difficult summer. still, if the filmmakers
get even part of the death angle in, and are reasonably true to
these characters, then all will be forgiven, at least by me. the
producer-director has a longstanding acquaintance with madeleine
l'engle, having previously made a documentary about her, so it's
probable (especially given the author's history of protecting
her books from being adapted badly for film) that l'engle approved
the changed story. if the story's author approves, then who am
i to quibble?

i will say that i'm pleased with the casting. i'm not familiar
with mischa barton, but i looked her up in the internet movie
database and she's the right age. scarlett pomers (naomi wildman
on star trek: voyager) looks great as younger sister suzy
austin. i'm a little dubious about zoog movie veteran ryan merriman
(smart house, the luck of the irish) as adam eddington,
but i'm willing to be convinced. he's cute as heck as a reluctant
teenaged leprechaun in the luck of the irish, and i'm interested
in seeing how he handles the more serious role of adam. on the
other hand, i have no reservations at all about jared padalecki
playing zachary gray. he positively smoulders as the sometime
boyfriend on the gilmore girls, and has a dark, rebellious,
slightly vulnerable look that's perfect for bad boy zach. james
whitmore, sr., best known for his one-man shows as will rogers,
should be suitably wise as grandfather eaton. as for soren futon,
who plays rob, i know nothing about him as an actor, but recently
read that he donates money from his acting to fighting leprosy.
sounds like something rob austin might do!
here are several links for more info :
imdb: a ring of
endless light (tv)
mischabarton.net
the official
scarlett pomers home page - latest news
ishtar films
this
has not been released on video to date.  if disney does release it
in the fullness of time, it will undoubtedly be listed on amazon.com. 
madeleine l'engle: star*gazer 
this half-hour, direct to video documentary is a really cool
thing for fans and teachers alike. it was produced and directed
by martha wheelock, and narrated by julie harris. it was made in
1989, with footage dating back to before madeleine l'engle's husband, hugh franklin, died in 1987. it
is available from
ishtar films

11333 moorpark st #460
studio city, ca 91602
phone: (800) 428-7136
fax (818) 753-0040

or order it online at ishtar
films.com. (www.ishtarfilms.com).
the cost is $20.00 plus $6.00 shipping.
many thanks to charlotte jones and martha wheelock for the
updates on the three films and other l'engle news.






ml'e and me
by karen funk blocher




i was probably in fifth grade when i first read a wrinkle
in time.  i think my school librarian recommended
it to me, for which i owe her an eternal debt of thanks. it quickly
became my favorite book, and all these years later, it still is.
it's easy to see why i loved the book at the time.  aside
from being well-written, intellectually challenging and spiritually
uplifting, it starred meg murry, a character who could have been
me in other circumstances.  i was nearly meg's age, i was
bright, and i didn't fit in with other kids at school, either.
in the book, meg finds unexpected friendship and overcomes extreme
difficulties, and maybe the story gave me hope that my life could
get better, too. 
a wrinkle in time was also a time travel story
of sorts, giving me a taste of what has since become a major interest
of mine.  nearly every work of fiction i've ever deeply cared
about, from star trek to doctor who,
anne mccaffrey's pern books to the work of james thurber,
back to the future to quantum leap,
has time travel in it somewhere.

            
when i was a little older, i found one other l'engle book--and
only one--in the card catalogue at manlius public library in manlius,
new york.  it was ilsa, and it prompted me
to visit the downstairs (adult) section of the library for the
first time, with special permission from the librarian. i only
read about half of ilsa at the time. frankly, i
didn't like it and wasn't ready for it. i didn't have another
opportunity to read the book until 1996.
            
i still loved the story of meg and charles wallace and calvin
in a wrinkle in time, and i liked the few other
titles i eventually found at the fayetteville free library.  when
i discovered a wind in the door in hardback at logos
books in syracuse, i bought it eagerly. a swiftly tilting
planet  soon followed, and by the time i left college,
got married, and moved to columbus, ohio, i had several l'engle
hardbacks of my own. i've been going to bookstores (new and used)
and library book sales ever since.  i now have 80 l'engle
books, including multiple editions of some titles, plus audio
tapes of the time trilogy and an interview, three books about
madeleine l'engle and her work, and five books and six magazines
to which l'engle contributed a foreword, story or essay.
            
until recently i had limited interest in the non-fiction titles,
but my appreciation for them has grown in recent years, as has
my appreciation for the more adult-oriented novels.  even
so, my favorite books of hers are still the ones about the murrys
and austins and o'keefes. i particularly enjoy the scope and depth
of the world she has built up in her stories, as familiar characters
and family names reappear in different books and even different
series.  when canon tallis or suzy austin or dr. calvin o'keefe
turns up unexpectedly in one of her books, it's as if an old and
dear friend has just appeared on my doorstep. 
i've met madeleine l'engle exactly once, at a speaking engagement
in columbus, ohio in the early-to-mid 1980s. she spoke about astronomy
and other subjects, and afterward i had a thirty second conversation
with her as she signed my copy of a ring of endless light
. i asked why charles wallace murry hadn't appeared as an adult
in any of her books, and whether that meant he was dead. her answer
was (as i recall): "charles wallace is alive and well until
i hear otherwise."  one of her books eventually confirmed
that charles wallace murry was indeed alive as poly and charles
o'keefe were growing up, but was out of contact with the o'keefes
for some mysterious reason. i'd still love to read that story!
 lately i've also been wondering whether the parents of meg
and charles and sandy and dennys had one or more adventures of
their own before meg was born.
            
similarly, i've sent just two letters to madeleine l'engle
all these years, although i've composed many more on paper, on
my mac or in my head.  the first letter i actually sent was
about many waters. i was deeply disturbed at the
time that as scientific a universe as that of the murrys and o'keefes
could contain a literal noah and his ark, even in earth's distant
past. madeleine promptly sent me a brief but courteous reply,
even though (as she informed me) her husband, hugh franklin, had
just died. i felt badly for having bothered her, albeit unknowingly,
at such a time, but her compassion and courtesy only increased
my already enormous respect for her, both as a writer and as a
person. (my second letter to her, sent in may 2000, thanked her
for my many years of enjoyment of her books, and offered my condolences
about her son's death.) 
over the years, my collection of l'engle books has continued
to grow, and i've read my way through most of them many times
over. once, when i lost a new job i hated, my first reaction was,
"oh, good. now i'll have more time to read my l'engle books."
(i did get upset, though, a few seconds later.)  even when
we had to move into a smaller house, and most of my books went
into boxes, the l'engle collection stayed out where i could get
at it.  
every time i found a new book for the collection, i used to
try to figure out what order to put the books in, and what i still
needed, using the lists in the front of the various books as a
guide. it didn't work very well. many of the lists were far from
complete, and what kind of book was a cry like a bell,
anyway?  so in 1996, i tried to solve this problem by
going online, hoping to find a good bibliography so that i'd know
what had been published and what sort of book each one was.  i
was a little shocked to discover that there did not appear to
be a complete listing of madeleine l'engle's books anywhere online,
at least that the search engines i tried could find.  (i
have since learned that there are several major l'engle sites,
although search engines tend not to find them.) i therefore compiled
my own listing from various sources, primarily my own book collection,
and put the result online myself.      
since then, i've learned a lot, cataloging further titles from
the several online sources i failed to find originally, from readers'
email, from amazon.com, and from whatever notes i could scribble
at borders books & music or at barnes & noble. in addition,
through carole chase's book, various online sources and readers
of this web site, i've learned of many other titles, especially
books to which l'engle contributed only a short story (always
"poor little saturday") or a foreword or introduction.
as a result, this site is undergoing a series of upgrades, which
will probably take me well into 2001 to complete.     

about this
web site
for space reasons, the crossover information (i.e., characters
who appear in other books) is sketchy at best in the table below.
 a good albeit outdated guide to crossovers and character
family trees is found at the beginning of many waters.
my in-depth bibliography pages by series, accessible from the novels
of madeleine l'engle, includes hyperlinked references to many
of the major crossover characters. another fan web site, "flying dreams,"
has an in-depth discussion of both crossover characters and the
characters who are related (ancestors, cousins, spouses, etc.)
to the characters in other books. see the novels page linked above
for a link to this other site. any additions, corrections, or
clarifications will be gratefully accepted. i would also appreciate
hearing from book dealers and others who can sell me copies of
the out of print titles i still need (the ones listed in maroon).

when this web site is completed, if ever, there will be more specific information on each book's category, binding, isbn number, publishers,
etc., all found on separate pages devoted to particular categories
of books. so far i've managed to do this only with the novels. any
help with publisher and binding details will be greatly appreciated,
since i do not own every edition of every book, and online bookstores
are often less than specific in this respect. my goal is to make
this web site as complete and accurate as possible.

each page about the various fictional series will also eventually
include brief biographical sketches of the major characters introduced
in the books listed on that page. i've tried to build a master timeline, but it didn't work, given the contradictions and very tenuous clues to the "kairos" and "chronos" in the various books. i have, however, created a list of the approximate order in which the books take place. that can be found on my the novels
of madeleine l'engle page.





  amazon.com widgets
(purchases made through the link above help to support st. michael and all angels episcopal church in tucson, arizona.)

the
books of madeleine l'engle 
(in order of original year of publication)
(titles in maroon or blue are ones that i personally don't own--yet!)


title published type about crossover characters 

18 washington square, south:
      a comedy in one act 1944 ap unknown 



the small rain (aka prelude1) 1945, 1968 etc. af katherine forrester felix bodeway
      dr. charles bejart 

ilsa 1946 af henry porcher renier and porcher families 

and both were young 1949, 1983 (revised) yaf philippa "flip" hunter dr. charles bejart (mentioned) 

camilla dickinson (aka camilla) 1951, 1965 (revised) af camilla dickinson frank rowan 

a winter's love 1957, 1983,1997 af bowen family mimi oppenheimer 

meet the austins 1960 yaf austin family 



a wrinkle in time 1962 ysf murry family 
calvin o'keefe
drs. shasti & shen-shu (mentioned in passing)
    


the moon by night 1963 yam austin family zachary gray, leo rodney 

the twenty-four days before christmas 1964, 1984 cf austin family 



the arm of the starfish 1965 ysf adam eddington o'keefe family2, canon tallis 

(the) love letters 1966,
      1996 rev. af charlotte napier 



the journey with jonah 1967 cp jonah (the prophet) 



the young unicorns 1968 ysf austin family mr theotocopoulous, canon tallis, josiah "dave"
      davidson, emily gregory
      drs. shasti & shen-shu 

dance in the desert 1969 bf jesus 



lines scribbled on an envelope 1969 po poetry 



the other side of the sun 1971 af stella renier 



a circle of quiet 1972 cj autobiographical canon tallis 

a wind in the door 1973 ysf murry family 



prayers for sunday 1974 pr prayers 



everyday prayers (aka prayer
      for every day) 1974 pr prayers 



the summer of the great-grandmother 1974 cj autobiographical canon tallis 

spirit and light: essays
      in historical theology 1976 te theology canon tallis 

dragons in the waters 1976 yam simon renier, o'keefe family mr theotocopoulous, canon tallis, renier family 

the irrational season 1977 cj autobiographical / religious 



the weather of the heart 1978 po poetry / religious 



a swiftly tilting planet 1978 ysf murry family 



ladder of angels: scenes from the bible illustrated
      by children of the world 1979 br,
      po bible stories, essays & poems 



a ring of endless light 1980 ysf austin family adam eddington, zachary gray, leo rodney, katherine
      forrester vigneras 

walking on water: reflections on faith and art 1980 le literary / religious 



the anti-muffins 1980 cf austin family 



the sphinx at dawn 1982 bf jesus 



a severed wasp 1982 af katherine forrester vigneras suzy austin davidson family, mimi oppenheimer,
      felix bodeway, emily gregory, philippa hunter 

and it was good: reflections on beginnings 1983 br autobiographical / religious 



a house like a lotus 1984 yaf o'keefe family zachary gray, virginia bowen porcher, frank rowan 

trailing clouds of glory: spiritual values in
      children's literature (written with avery brooke) 1985 le literary/religious 



dare to be creative! 1985 le lecture at library of congress 



separation from the stars 1986 le probably a lecture at baylor school in chattanooga,
      tn 



a stone for a pillow:
      journeys with jacob 1986 br autobiographical / biblical 



many waters 1986 ysf murry family 



a cry like a bell 1987 po religious / poetry 



two-part invention: the story of a marriage 1988 cj autobiographical 



sold into egypt: joseph's journey into human
      being 1989 br autobiographical / biblical joseph (old testament) 

moses, prince of egypt: storyteller's edition3 1989 bf biblical/tie-in moses (old testament) 
from this day forward4 1989 br unknown unknown 

an acceptable time 1989 ysf o'keefe family murry family, zachary gray 

the glorious impossible:
      jesus christ & his family (illustrated by giotto frescoes) 1990 br biblical 



certain women 1992 af wheaton family canon tallis, charlotte napier (the latter as
      a character in a play) 

the rock that is higher:
      story as truth 1993 le literary / religious 



anytime prayers
      (revision of prayer for everyday) 1994 pr prayers 



troubling a star 1994 yam austin family adam eddington 

penguins & golden 

      calves: icons and idols 1996 tj autobiographical / religious 



a live coal in the sea 1996 af dr. camilla dickinson frank rowan 

winter song: christmas readings
      (edited by madeleine l'engle & luci shaw) 1996 le, po literary / religious / poetry austin family (short story) 

glimpses of grace: daily thoughts & reflections
      (with carole f chase) 1996 cq inspirational / religious5 



mothers and daughters (photos by l'engle's daughter
      maria rooney) may '97 le,
      po inspirational / photographic / poetry 



friends for the journey (with luci shaw) jun '97 le autobiographical / religious 



bright evening star: mystery of the incarnation sep '97 tj biblical 



miracle on 10th street & other christmas
      writings oct '98 lc christmas-related fiction, non-fiction &

      poetry austin family (2 short stories), topaze (from
      a severed wasp) 

mothers and sons (photos by l'engle's daughter
      maria rooney) mar '99 le inspirational / photographic   

a prayerbook for spiritual friends aug '99 pr prayers   

a full house: an austin family christmas oct '99 af christmas-related fiction austin family 

the other dog (illustrated by christine davenier) mar '01 cf children's fiction
      about touché l'engle-franklin madeleine l'engle's own family in 1947. 

the genesis trilogy apr '01 br autobiographical / biblical and it was good, a stone for a pillow,
      and sold into egypt in one volume 

madeleine l'engle, herself:
      reflections on a writing life (compiled by carole f. chase) sep '01  le passages about writing from l'engle's books,
      recorded workshops, etc. 



the ordering of love: new and collected poems of madeleine l'engle


mar '05



poetry, included 18 previously unpublished poems 






the joys of love6 apr '08 af adult novel elizabeth jerrold 
the eye begins to see7 not completed af adult novel meg murry o'keefe, o'keefe family 





1. prelude is a revised version of the small rain,
intended for younger readers. the novel was later republished
under the original title.
2. the o'keefe family consists of the former meg murry of the
murry family, her husband, dr. calvin o'keefe (who also appears
in the murry family novels), and their many children, especially
poly (later called polly) and charles.
3. moses: prince of egypt: storyteller edition is referenced in the later edition of suncatcher by carole f chase,and a reader named cindy found a reference to it at one time on barnes & noble's web site as well as on the amazon site. when she ordered it, she received a children's book by someone else, based on the prince of egypt movie. when i researched the title years ago, no online references to this book actually let you order it, so for years i assumed it never came out, at least not as written by madeleine l'engle. however, as of october 2011 i see used copies available in paperback, mostly from the uk, with additional references to a hardback that is inevitably out of stock. it worries me that the only image of this book online is that same slightly out-of-focus, cut off at the bottom image amazon uses for the title, but i'm guessing that it received some distribution after all - but mostly not in the u.s. the cover pictured does not quite match the title listed, and credits composer-lyricist stephen schwartz (who wrote the music and lyrics for godspell and other shows) as the writer. news articles state that l'engle was contracted to write a tie-in book, and carole chase's book suncatcher does not list it in the book chronology. i will be ordering a used copy of this book to determine whether there was any l'engle involvement in the title as published. i'm guessing not.
4. from this day forward appears to have been published by lion hudson plc in the uk in 1989. a few copies can be found online from british sources, but i have not found a single image of the cover or description of the book.
5. glimpses of grace is a collection of inspirational
quotations from l'engle's other books, selected by carole f chase,
who also wrote a literary biography titled madeleine l'engle,
suncatcher: spiritual vision of a storyteller  (san
diego: luramedia, 1995).  an expanded version of this book
was published by innisfree press in august 1998 as suncatcher:
a study of madeleine l'engle and her writing. i am indebted
to ms. chase for some of the bibliographical and biographical
data provided here, taken both from her book and from her email. thank you!
6. the joys of love is an early novel from the period  (late 1950s to early 1960s) when l'engle had trouble getting published, which ended with the publication of a wrinkle in time. a manuscript was rediscovered several years ago by l'engle's granddaughters, and published posthumously.
7. i really should delete the eye begins to see from this listing, since it was almost certainly never completed by l'engle and is unlikely to be finished by someone else. but i've listed it since this website began, and i'm finding it hard to give up upon this long-awaited book about meg as an adult.



please note that book titles in maroon
            are needed to complete my personal collection.  (so
are the ones in navy, but i can find
most of those if i have the money to spend.) please email
me if you have any copies of the titles listed in maroon

for sale at a reasonable price (roughly $10-$50, depending on
format, condition, and scarcity). also please email me with any
corrections, additions, or clarifications.





key to book types
please note the ya-labeled books
are equally rewarding for children and adults.

af = adult fiction ap = adult play bf = biblical short fiction 

br = biblical reflections cf = children's short fiction cj = crosswicks journal 

cp = children's play cq = collected quotations lc = literary collection 

le = literary/spiritual essays po = poetry pr = prayers 

te= theological essays 

tj = theological journal 

yaf=young adult fiction yam=ya mystery/suspense fiction ysf = ya science fiction / fantasy 






books that aren't listed here (yet):
for years i've been intermittently compiling a list of books to which madeleine l'engle has contributed an introduction, or a foreword,
or an afterword, or an essay, or even a short story or poem. in
other words, they are books primarily written by other people,
but contain some material by madeleine l'engle. a few notable
examples are first words: earliest writing from favorite
contemporary authors, the introduction to a compendium
of curious george stories, miracles of christmas
(which probably has the short story "miracle on 10th street"
in it), and second sight: stories for a new millennium,
which features a short story about rob austin. i hope to have
the list compiled and online sometime in the next month or so,
if i can drag myself away from the novels i'm revising for submission
long enough to do the work!




books that don't exist:
i've also come across references to the following titles, which in some cases appear to have been announced but never published:
101st miracle: i went back to the web reference for this and it was gone. it was supposedly a collection of madeleine l'engle's early short stories. or was it her early work in general? in either case, it does not exist, except as the title of a short story. too bad, because i know of only three works of early short fiction that can still be found. one is "poor little saturday" (1956) which is in several anthologies. the second is "six good people," a story she wrote at age 15 which appears along with some early l'engle
poetry in a book called first words: earliest writing from
favorite contemporary authors.
according to madeline trotter (thanks for the info!), the short story
"the one hundred and first miracle" appeared in a 1983 anthology calld nine visions: a book of fantasies, edited by andrea lasonde melrose.  this is probably out of print, but may still turn up used.

still, the possibility remains that a collection of early l'engle short stories may eventually be compiled and published. we'll just have to wait and see.
my own private place. various readers have also found references to this title, particularly on the barnes & noble site. like moses: prince of egypt, it almost certainly has never been published as of 3/02.  someone recently emailed me that a book by this title does exist. if so, however, it is not an entire book by madeleine l'engle.

at least some of the above books were probably postponed or canceled due to madeleine l'engle's health difficulties in 1999-2000.
in addition to all this, online used book listings are often sloppily written, leading to offerings of books with familiar
but nonexistent titles. i've seen listings for a ring of endless
night, the other side of the son, the young unicorn and several other incorrect titles, all because someone barely glanced at the cover of the book being sold. my favorite bogus title was an ebay listing, which offered a trade paperback novel called madeleine l'engle by the nonexistent author mary waters!
thanks to carole f. chase, chris smith, signe myhren, jim meadows, jennifer guimond, kathy ching, alan balthrop, jamie jensen and
many other l'engle fans for their suggestions and encouragement.
most of all, thanks to madeleine l'engle for making this web site
necessary (not to mention fun!).


you can help to build this web site!  information on out-of-print editions will be gratefully accepted. i can be reached at mavarin2(at)gmail.com. (i'm not making this address a link because i'd like to minimize the spam!)

 





links:



  madeleine
      l'engle faq page, with a brief biography, answers to frequently
      asked questions, and a guide to finding the l'engle books you're
      missing (except maybe ilsa), plus a short list of books
      about madeleine l'engle and her writing. 

  the
      novels of madeleine l'engle, with links to in-depth bibliographies
      and to other l'engle-related web sites. 

 (coming eventually) other works by madeleine
      l'engle, more-or-less divided by category.  i'll be putting this together any year now.
 

  karen funk blocher's
      credos and curios - my personal web page, with my bio, bibliography, personal
      philosophy, and pictures of my dogs. this page also has links to my project
      quantum leap site and other websites by myself and others. 


welcome to mâvarin
- entry page to a web site about my unpublished series of fantasy
novels.  the site contains sample text from the books plus
apocryphal "otherworld journal entries." 




recommended authors page - you know l'engle is on it.  can you guess which other writers i recommend?




outpost mâvarin - my blog. thoughts on ethics, religion, writers and writing, language and more.





(some of) my favorite quotes - favorite quotes from all
      over the place.





contents copyright 1997-2011 by karen funk blocher except
      where otherwise noted. last updated 10/7/11. 










