fortec | engineered better.hammertechsupplier opportunitiesabout usour teamour groupsustainabilitywhat we dobridgesgeotechnicalpost-tensioningdownloadsprojectsjoin usnewscontact ushammertechsupplier opportunitiesengineered better.about us
we are a solutions-driven company, who are committed to providing you with construction, engineering and geotechnical services that meet the unique needs of your project and site conditions.
we provide a comprehensive range of specialist contracting services from your project’s concept stage through to design and construction.
engaging with us gives you access to a team of industry professionals dedicated to delivering high quality, safe, on-time and cost-effective projects.
what we do
by staying at the forefront of new technology, we offer you cutting-edge solutions. we understand that your projects have their own unique set of challenges and site conditions, so we approach them with an open and innovative mindset.
our extensive experience has positioned us as a market leader within our sector, with a reputation for technical expertise and intelligently engineered solutions. since the beginning, we have grown to become a well-respected company, with an established track record of being regularly re-engaged by our clients.
we embrace early contractor involvement which allows you to benefit from our design and construct expertise in the conceptual phase of the project, impacting positively upon outcomes and providing value for money throughout the delivery stage.
learn more contact us
a message from our managing director
we work together as a team to construct and maintain infrastructure that is engineered better.
the delivery of our projects is driven by our values of culture, competence, and courage.
stuart crole, managing director, fortec
 
featured projectskununurra diversion damfortec was engaged by the water corporation to install new lifting points to the kununurra diversion dam removable deck beams. read morecloudbreak minefortec was contracted by fmg to complete the design and construction of an existing reinforced earth segmental wall.read morebrooking channel bridge replacementfortec was engaged by the fitzroy bridge alliance to provide their specialist incremental bridge launch expertise on the brooking channel bridge.read moreview all projectscontact us
our clients, partners and employees tell us we’re good people to work with, plain and simple.  we’re proud of that (in a quiet kind of way!). get in touch today to see how we can help you.
full nameemailphonewhat does your query relate to?what does your query relate to?job opportunitiessupplier opportunitiesproject enquiriesother enquiriesmessagesubmitinfo@fortec.com.au08 6102 6870about usour teamour groupsustainabilitywhat we dobridgesgeotechnicalpost-tensioningdownloadsjoin uspoliciescode of conductmodern slaveryprojectsnewscontact uspurchase order t&cscopyright fortec pty ltd 2024 - all rights reserved abn 77 603 299 958privacy policyweb terms and conditionswebsite by distl