




























































    home
  











                

rent/utility assistance


   

donate


   

volunteer


   

join newsletter




    


     home



  get involved


   upcoming events



  community impact advisory council



  imagination library



  week of action



  uwbc golf tournament



  vita program



  small business united



  pit count





  get help


   2-1-1 texas



  singlecare prescription discount card program



  financial stability | vita program





  news & publications



  about us


   accountability



  board of directors



  our impact





  campaign hq


   start a workplace campaign





  for partners


   community partners



  nonprofit networking



  request for proposal (rfp)





  disaster recovery


   brazoria county recovers





  contact us






     

 

 

 

 

 











    
 





       



     
  
  



 








an accredited nonprofit 
founded in 1959, united way of brazoria county (uwbc) takes our long-standing history of public trust seriously. we manage our donor funds in a professional and accountable manner. we understand that donors are concerned about the cost of fundraising and other expenses. in that regard, uwbc continuously strives for efficiency without sacrificing our mission of service to the community. united way of brazoria county is accredited by the better business bureau 
and united way worldwide.we value transparency and welcome you to review our accreditation and financial statements by clicking here.  

 
      




    




    




    










    get involved



   
  

volunteer


find out how you can get involved in helping your community.
   

donate


100% of your donation stays local through the community impact fund.
   

campaign headquarters


find out how you can start a workplace campaign.


   our impact united way fights for the health, education, and financial stability for every person in every community.  uwbc and its community partners provided over 1.5 million services in 2022 through 27 community partners and 37 programs.together, you can help us advance the common good and create opportunities for education, financial stability, health, and basic needs for everyone in brazoria county. together, we can all live united. get involved
volunteers are the backbone of the united way organization.if you are interested in volunteering with united way of brazoria county and our partners, please click the button below to find the latest opportunities.   

volunteer

 
      




    




    





     




    




    








 








      homeget helpabout usfor partnerscontact uscareer opportunities
  singlecare


get involved
workplace campaigns

privacy policy
diversity & inclusion


     

 

 

 

 

 




© 2024 united way of brazoria countyall rights reserved


  





















































































  
  share by:








