






westchester harmony | sing in harmony, live in harmony



























(914) 298-7464



facebook




x




instagram


 





facebook




x




instagram



50-50
members’ area
donate
 












about us

history

chordsmen hall of honor


our director
leadership
westchester chordsmen scholarship application
barbershopper of the month
inclusion statement
quartets
photos
overtones magazine
music community

friends of music concerts


our privacy policy


music

cd’s
audio
video


sing with us!

join us!
calendar
locations
free singing lessons!


hire us!

hire the chordsmen!
singing valentines


events
blog
contact
free singing lessons!
singing valentines
 


select page


  
 
 






















read all about it!









overtones magazinecatch up on all the chordsmen’s news from the past year!
read online now









let's go, chordsmen!we were honored to sing the national anthem at a recent yankees game.
watch the full video









give me your tiredwords by emma lazarus, music by keith harris. an inspirational message for our time and country.
watch the full video












when and where to hear the chordsmen10/21/2024 – ready set sing fall semester starts.
11/16/2024 saturday – 11th annual youth a capella festival, mamaroneck school post road auditorium
12/7/2024 saturday 4:00 pm town of rye “holiday lights a crawford park”
12/8/2024 sunday 3:00 pm holiday show at rye presbyterian church, rye, ny
12/15/2024 sunday 3:00 pm holiday show at church of the transfiguration, tarrytown, ny









learn to sing!a cappella singing is all the rage now—and you need to be a part of it! join the westchester chordsmen! sing with new friends. travel the world. compete in friendly competition. and have a great time doing it!
be a chordsman










read all about it!









overtones magazinecatch up on all the chordsmen’s news from the past year!
read online now









let's go, chordsmen!we were honored to sing the national anthem at a recent yankees game.
watch the full video









give me your tiredwords by emma lazarus, music by keith harris. an inspirational message for our time and country.
watch the full video










from our blog







best of westchester 2022 – best choir on call

jul 18, 2022thank you to all our friends and supporters who voted for us in this year’s best of westchester awards. 
read more




sing your way to health!

jun 6, 2022read more




westchester chordsmen publish their inclusion statement

jan 31, 2021the inclusion committee of the westchester chordsmen is pleased to present to you the ‘inclusion statement’, together with its supplement, ‘heritage and history’. 
read more


« older entries











we rehearse mondays
we rehearse every monday night in white plains, ny, please fill out our contact form and we will contact you to tell you how to find us.
thank you for your interest in our the westchester chordsmen.
we look forward to meeting you and having you get to know us.













chet’s story
our long-time member, chet, shares his story of dreaming of singing…






holiday singout
see what we do when we get into a restaurant at 7 am!






singing valentines
need to sing to your sweetie? we can on valentine’s day or year round!











scott rothstein

septyember 2024






congratulations to our barbershopper of the month!
meet our past honorees







need the chordsmen?want to join the chordsmen? hire the chordsmen? learn more about the chordsmen?
contact us now










the westchester chordsmen is a proud member of the barbershop harmony society.











get notified!
subscribe to our email list to hear about our latest shows, singing valentines, and more!
(100% privacy. we don't spam.)





thanks for subscribing! we love you!



first name



last name



email





sign up now















the westchester chordsmen is a proud member of artswestchester.








 










facebook




x




instagram


© copyright 2025 westchester harmony | westchester harmony is a non-profit 501(c)(3) performing arts organization. 























