







welcome to storyteller connie regan-blake's website - storywindow


















































































 















facebook




x




rss


watch & listen
calendar
contact
shop

0 items
 












home
about connie

awards & achievements
connie in the news
golden jubilee
press/media kit
storywindow blog


performances

a legend in overalls
main stage
corporate events
schools & libraries
bead for life


workshops

for individuals

taking the stage (in-person)
story-treasures (in-person)
landscape of stories (virtual)
taking the stage (virtual)
storyteller in you


for businesses and professionals
for communities


coaching
 


select page


  
 
 















performances




workshops




coaching





connie regan-blake is one of america’s most celebrated storytellers.
she has captivated the hearts and imaginations of people around the globe with her powerful performances and workshops. entertaining audiences in 47 states, 18 countries and on 6 continents, she brings the wisdom, humor and drama of stories to main stage concert halls, libraries and into the corporate world.









“you may be sitting here in the 21st century, but regan-blake takes you to a timeless place… you can’t help but lean in (as) her voice starts to rise and fall, her hands weave through empty air.” 
dale neal
usa today



“it’s all about storytelling – it’s a national craze!” 
stephen cobert
the late show








featured events

            categories       available for bookings      featured      performances      speaking      touring      unavailable      workshops           tags      appalachian     archive     asheville     asheville nc     black mountain     black mountain nc     booking     boulder     cape clear island     cd release     chattanooga tn     co     coaching     colorado     denver     family event     father's day     festival     fl     florida events     folk art     ghost stories     halloween     interview     ireland     jonesborough     jonesborough tn     kansas city mo     leap and laugh     loyola     nashville     nc     performance     peru     speach     speaking     spoken word     spooky     st. augustine     stories     story     storyfest     storyteling     storytelling     things to do in st. augustine     tn     tourism     travel     tryon nc     wolfpack weekend     workshop     writing                 agenda         agenda        day        month        week             march – october 2025 mar – oct 2025               collapse all    expand all         mar 28 fri          in-person workshop intensive: taking your story to the stage, 3-day storytelling intensive @ asheville, nc     tickets    mar 28 – mar 30 all-day     the focus of this “taking your story to the stage” 3-day workshop is on storytelling performance. each participant is asked to come with a story that is almost “stage-ready.” participants gather at connie’s home, tucked in the beautiful mountains surrounding asheville, nc.  this workshop intensive provides a supportive, affirming atmosphere to nurture each storyteller’s performance skills and confidence. “taking your story to the stage” is open only to those who have previously studied with connie. if you have not had this opportunity and/or connie has not heard you tell a story, a private coaching session may be required. registration is limited so if you’d like to add your name to the list of participants now, contact connie. for more details, click here.   and if you can’t make the workshop, mark your calendars now join us as listeners for an enchanting evening of storytelling in “a slice of life: an evening of stories” on march 29, 2025 at black mountain center for the arts.      read more       categories:   featured  workshops     tags:  asheville asheville nc nc         mar 29 sat          in-person group performance: a slice of life – a telling of stories in black mountain, nc @ black mountain center for the arts     tickets    mar 29 @ 7:00 pm – 8:30 pm     join nationally celebrated storyteller connie regan-blake as she welcomes her storytelling workshop participants to the stage for “a slice of life: an evening of stories.” this show’s tellers include donna catton-johnson, linda chancey guice, steve tate, christine phillips westfeldt, cheri miller, laura hope-gill, andy russell, and janel woodland. connie is emceeing this evening of unique voices. the last several “slice of life” shows have been sell-outs – so get your tickets early! tickets are $18 if purchased in advance, or $22 at the door, if available. doors open at 6:30pm and seating is first come first served. online ticket sales end an hour before the performance time, but there may still be tickets available for purchase at the door. call black mountain center of the arts for availability at 828.669.0930. what participants have said:  intense and rewarding. opportunity to take risks and grow with others who care about stories and those who tell them. this workshop offers a retreat environment in which realignment occurs allowing freedom for the story to take the stage as i, the entertainer, offer it as a gift to the audience.  “the round robin of storytellers at connie regan-blake’s “slice of life” show gave me a rare listening treat. each story was as unique as the voice that told it. what great fun to hear a mountain art form so well-spun!”   –donna marie todd, storyteller, singer and story workshop leader     read more       categories:   featured  performances  workshops     tags:  black mountain black mountain nc nc         jul 12 sat          in person – hans christian anderson statue story center @ central park, nyc     tickets    jul 12 @ 11:00 am – 1:00 pm     connie is telling stories at the hans christian andersen statue this summer in new york city’s central park on saturday july 12, 2025. schedule to be posted here: the hans christian anderson story center. http://www.hcastorycenter.org/      read more       categories:   featured  performances  touring         jul 17 thu          in-person: national storytelling network conference – kennesaw, ga     tickets    jul 17 – jul 20 all-day     mark your calendar and plan to attend national storytelling network 2025 conference in kennesaw ga (outside atlanta) – july 17-20, 2025 at kennesaw state university, kennesaw, georgia. connie is a featured  teller friday evening along with other storytellers. she will be performing “a legend in overalls: storytelling in the footsteps of ray hicks.” watch for the full schedule.      read more       categories:   featured  performances  touring         oct 3 fri          in-person & virtual – national storytelling festival 2025 @ jonesborough, tn     tickets    oct 3 – oct 5 all-day       every october since 1973, thousands of travelers have visited tennessee’s oldest town. they come for one purpose–to hear stories and to tell them at the national storytelling festival. this celebration of america’s rich and varied storytelling tradition, the oldest and most respected gathering anywhere in america devoted to (photo by: tom raymond) storytelling, has in turn spawned a national revival of this venerable art. international storytelling center is excited to welcome you to the storytelling capital of the world october 3-5, 2025 to celebrate the power of storytelling. since its first days, the festival has featured a stunning array of world-class talent that share oral traditions from across history and all over the globe. cultural representation has included performers from the african american, jewish, aboriginal, egyptian, asian, celtic, hispanic, israeli, liberian, french, african, caribbean, native american, and the deaf communities, among others. the national storytelling festival was an ambitious name for a small event tucked away in the appalachian mountains. but over decades, it has grown into its name, hosting thousands of listeners in jonesborough each year.     connie regan-blake will be emceeing at the festival again this year! come early to enjoy music festivals and workshops!       read more       categories:   featured  speaking              march – october 2025 mar – oct 2025              

see full calendar













contact connie




contact form mini







name
        *




email address
        *




zip code
        *




interested in
        


newslettertouring schedulebooking a performance/workshopattending a workshop in-personattending a workshop onlinecoachingother 


message to connie
        












					if you are human, leave this field blank.				





δ





 








storywindow productions asheville, north carolina  •  828-258-1113  •  office@storywindow.com • privacy policy
© 2017, storywindow • website design by kudzu brands







 
 


































