









vintage hammond organ specialists - keyboard exchange international

















 keyboard exchange



home (current)


about

faq
philosophy
restoration information
shipping information
staff
warranty information



inventory


financing


testimonials


sold gallery


contact us











hammond organs and leslie speakersbought, sold, traded and restored

vintage hammond organ specialists selling hammond b-3, c-3 and a-100 hammond organs with leslie speakers worldwide for over 55 years! we offer interest-free, zero down, and rent to own financing programs along with cash discounts! most churches are approved for our in-house financing and extended warranties are offered.







our newest featured organs




a youtube playlist of our featured organs
more information





a look inside




our showroom has an amazing selection of hammond organs for sale, that allows our customers to compare organs side by side to find the one they prefer. some have even called it "hammond b3 heaven"!





we want to buy your hammond organ


we buy & sell hammond b3, c3, & a-100 organs from all over the united states. if your hammond b3 isn't performing as well as it once was, give us a call. we take many hammond organs on trade towards one of our hammond b3 organs that have been fully restored to be - in some cases - better than new! we also buy leslie speakers; models 122, 142, 147, & 145.
more information










testimonials
continue reading the full length customer testimonials






 
 
 




												jim and rodney were fantastic, making me feel welcome and at ease during the decision/purchasing process, making me feel more like a family member than just a customer.
											
 




len

 
 

 
 
 
 
 



 
 
 




												thanks very much for providing a high quality product in conjunction with top quality customer service.
											
 




don hughes, nh

 
 

 
 
 
 
 



 
 
 




												i have dealt with a lot of organ players all over the us and all of them have said that if i ever need anything hammond that 'keyboard exchange in sanford' are the people to deal with.
											
 




dan

 
 

 
 
 
 
 



 
 
 




												i have owned several b3's and leslies, the sound quality on this equipment compared to the others isn't close.
											
 




dennis zernick

 
 

 
 
 
 
 



 
 
 




												i was not prepared for the outstanding quality of the instrument when it arrived.
											
 




stephen m, texas

 
 

 
 
 
 
 



 
 
 




												it was thanks to the comprehensive assistance and advice of keyboard exchange international that i finally had the confidence to purchase an original b3 from the usa.
											
 




chris, united kingdom

 
 

 
 
 
 
 



 
 
 




												thanks again for all you did for me and getting me my first hammond.
											
 




kevin lee

 
 

 
 
 
 
 



 
 
 




												thank you for your total honesty and delivering on your promises
											
 




brook d stafford

 
 

 
 
 
 
 



 
 
 




												they know vintage hammond organs better than anyone in the country
											
 




ray

 
 

 
 
 
 
 



 
 
 




												this has been one of the most rewarding and enjoyable large item purchases i've ever experienced
											
 




damon hearne

 
 

 
 
 
 
 



 
 
 




												over-all, keyboard exchange has been top-notch from day 1
											
 




larry

 
 

 
 
 
 
 



 
 
 




												we are delighted beyond words with the thorough job of restoration that keyboard exchange international did on my c-2 hammond organ.
											
 




stanley strickland

 
 

 
 
 
 
 



 
 
 




												i'm happy that the price i paid kei for my undeniable mint-condition organ included the mint-condition leslie cabinet.
											
 




rip

 
 

 
 
 
 
 

 








 





"world's greatest hammond organ store"




dr. curtis e. daniel of cogic gives his endorsement for keyboard exchange





we ship worldwide!


jim huss of keyboard exchange international says "thank you for your business pastor kim and members of the good news church! we wish you many years musical blessings from the b3 with leslie that we shipped recently to your church in korea" the pictured hammond b3 arrived safely and is now being enjoyed. keyboard exchange international will ship anywhere in the world and will also convert for your electrical system. 50 plus years experience makes keyboard exchange international the logical choice if you are considering the purchase of a hammond b3.    





our latest youtube videos




please enjoy this playlist of the most recent uploads to our youtube channel. we try to include some history or a story for each hammond organ that is for sale.  we highlight this in our videos while being demonstrated mostly by none other than the world-famous randolph carter!









contact us
				221 s. magnolia ave. 
				sanford, fl 32771-1321        sales office: (407) 323-7493 
				email: b3buyer@aol.com |  rodhkei@gmail.com


hours: we show our hammonds with leslies by appointment. appointments are for our customers convenience and to ensure that we will be available for you when you arrive. we request you make an appointment so that we can offer you our best attention. for more detailed hammond information, be sure to visit b3world.com


follow us:


















