






 
the church at liberty park – influencing others toward freedom in christ














































































skip to content



205-969-1236sundays 9:15 and 10:30 amfacebook page opens in new windowinstagram page opens in new windowyoutube page opens in new window


the church at liberty park
influencing others toward freedom in christ

home plan a visit about us ministries give events 

search:











 
home plan a visit about us ministries give events 








the church at liberty parkour mission is to glorify god and make disciples by inviting our community to enjoy fulfilling lives in christ. come join us as we worship, serve, and grow together!weekly worship schedule
sunday at 9:15am and 10:30am
each sunday we have two identical worship services at 9:15am and 10:30am. we also have bible study groups for all ages during both service times.view this week's sermon notes





we're family for you!here at the church at liberty park, we exist to be family for you! our mission is to glorify god and make disciples by inviting our community to enjoy fulfilling lives in christ. god has a specific purpose for each and every one of us. part of that purpose is coming together and worshiping him. we are a church full of people just like you! we don’t have it all together, but we serve a god who does. join us as we go through life together and seek god’s will for our lives.










contactemail: contact@libertypark.orgaddress: 12001 liberty parkway
vestavia hills, al 35242phone: 205-969-1236find us on:facebook page opens in new windowyoutube page opens in new windowinstagram page opens in new windowour mission the missional mandate is the guiding compass of our church. it gives us direction and points everyone in that direction.
our missional mandate is to glorify god and make disciples by inviting our community to enjoy fulfilling lives in christ.

subscribesign up with your email address to receive news and updates.name *
e-mail *
telephone
submit
 









					© 2023 the church at liberty park
                








go to top


























































