







hufco






































































































            products
          

            services
          

            e-catalog
          

            locations
          

            contact us
          














































































productsservicese-cataloglocationscontact us









































 

hufco offers parker global core, parker autoclave, dixon king crimp, stauff clamps and many more brand name items! see all of our products in the on-line catalog.




    catalog
  

  

specialized servicesif you need hose assemblies made onsite, or have a large piece of equipment in need of hose assemblies and/or testing, hufco’s service department does it. our service department will build genuine parker assemblies in a portable hose shop on site, install all hoses per customer specifications, as well as test, chart and certify abs approved hose assemblies. view all services »



industries servedhufco serves many prevalent industries throughout texas and along the gulf coast including but not limited to: 



• mining• subsea• transportation• machinery• refuse 



• oil & gas• petro-chem• water blasting• manufacturing• water jet cuttingsee the industries we serve»



frequently asked questionsfrom shipping policies to touring facilities, we have it covered. click below for more information on some of our customers’ most frequently asked questions. feel free to contact us as well!  we have a 24/7 on call service for you when those unexpected emergencies arise. go to faq»

 











decades of service
hufco has been the leader in servicing the entire gulf coast region in fluid power products. we are committed to exceeding customer expectations with multiple retail and stocking locations and premier customer service.  our service team has nearly 50 years of combined experience that is second to none.



about us






 











customer satisfaction
many companies may talk about customer service, but at hufco, we prove it. we have the fastest turnaround time on quotes, order entries, and deliveries. we keep it simple at hufco with two goals: make it easy to do business with us and take care of the customer so they keep coming back. putting these ideas into practice is what sets us apart from the competition and has made us successful for the last 30 years.










 

we sell from these companies


























































 















 






    contact us
  
























terms & conditionsfaqhome










