










las vegas walk of stars!























































                    home
                    
                  



                    stars
                    
                  



                    apply
                    
                  








questions? contact us!310-890-3292 


































                    home
                    
                  



                    stars
                    
                  



                    apply
                    
                  







questions? contact us!310-890-3292 























welcome to the official website of the




las vegas walk of stars




honoring those who have helped make las vegas famous!








                    apply to be nominated for a star
















walk the stars of...




























elvis presley




"the king of rock and roll" received his star dedication ceremony on september 26, 2008.after being removed from in front of the old riveria hotel, his star is now located in front of the paris las vegas hotel and casino. the ceremony was sponsored by the viva las vegas club with donations coming from fans worldwide!
















donny & marie




on october 4, 2019, the osmond brother and sister duo were awarded their star ceremony. the two have spent 11 years performing on stage at the flamingo resort in las vegas. they spent their childhood on abc on friday evenings from 1976 to 1979 hosting the donny and marie show. the two also competed on different seasons of abc's dancing with the stars.



















































greg s. reid




dr. greg reid has published, co-authored and been featured in over 70 books in 45 countries. he has had 28 best sellers, including three feet from gold and his most recent title, wealth made easy. he's been apart of five motion pictures and co-produced the motion picture wish man, based on the true story of frank shankwitz. you can also find him speaking at events across the country including the #1 networking event in the world, secret knock! greg received his star ceremony along side shankwitz on june 15, 2019.























frank sinatra




las vegas walk of stars unveiled sinatra's star on feb. 22, 2010 at the flamingo las vegas casino-resort and was placed outside the flamingo on the las vegas strip. dean martin also received his star the same day. martin and sinatra were part of the the rat pack musical group in the 1960s who also appeared in the 1960 movie “ocean’s eleven,” about a plan to rob five las vegas casinos in one night.



















































frank shankwitz




considered one of the greatest humanitarians of all time, the founder of the make-a-wish foundation, frank shankwitz received his star dedication ceremony on june 15, 2019 at the paris hotel. frank has received many awards, including the president's call to service award, making a world of difference award, the ellis island medal of honor, and now holds the 88th star on the las vegas walk of stars! his book inspired the major motion picture, wish man, released in 2019.























bobby darin




bobby darin is the 19th person to be honored with a star on this las vegas walk of stars. darin played at the flamingo more often than any other las vegas venue, but he also played at the sands, the sahara, and the hilton. the ceremony fell on bobby's 71st birthday! he recorded his first million-selling single, "splish splash," in 1958. that was followed by "dream lover," "mack the knife," and "beyond the sea," which brought him worldwide fame. in 1962 he won a golden globe award for his first film, come september, co-starring his first wife, sandra dee.



















































frankie valli and the four seasons




frankie valli and the four seasons was the 64th star to be unveiled on las vegas boulevard. valli scored 29 top 40 hits with the four seasons, one top 40 hit under the four seasons alias the wonder who?, and nine top 40 hits as a solo artist, during the 1960's and 1970's. the four seasons included frankie valli as the lead singer, bob gaudio (formerly of the royal teens) on keyboards and tenor vocals, tommy devito on lead guitar and baritone vocals, and nick massi on electric bass and bass vocals.























jenni rivera




latin singer jenni rivera, along with her husband and former major league pitcher esteban loaiza, was awarded a star in 2011. several media outlets including cnn, billboard, fox news, and the new york times have labeled her as the most important female figure and top-selling female artist in regional mexican music.


































                    apply to be nominated for a star





























las vegas walk of stars | all rights reserved | copyright 2020




powered by webb design studio













visitor information reporting

allow this website to collect visitor and device info for statistical purposes.
save changes
















view details



quantity

-

+




sold out














