






home


























































cats

available catsavailable kittensexoticsspecial catsadopted!


adopting

adoption infosuccess storiesrescue stories


how to help

how to helpfoster formadoption formvolunteer formsurrender formdonationsfostering info


resources

found a catfeline nutritionarticles & tips


aca

homeabout uscontact information








think about how you could
 impact a life with your donation.
please donate today.
   

mailing address:p.o. box 39504rpo lakeshore cawthra mississauga, on l5g 4s6note:  this is a mailing address only – it is not a shelter.our foster homes and cats / kittens are located all over gta




 








saving one cat will not change the world,but surely for that one cat, the world will change forever. - karen davidson




















urgent notice:
due to an unprecedented demand (especially for kittens) we regret that we are unable to respond by phone to all of the applications we are currently receiving. we are only able at this time to phone those applicants who have sent in an online adoption application where their criteria matches what the particular cat or kittens' needs are, and who can provide a vet reference. we regret any inconvenience caused as we do our best to meet the overwhelming demand we are currently experiencing. please note: we answer adoption requests giving priority to online applications rather than voice mail ones.if we are unable to answer your phone calls it means that we are busy dealing with online applications.we are unable to answer all calls because of time restraints.unfortunately, due to a high demand, we are unable to respond to requests on our phone line to surrender cats at this time.our foster homes are full, so if you wish to surrender your cat please submit an online application.





















kitten season is here and we are looking for foster families!!




****at this time we are looking for fosters who have experience looking after pregnant cats and nursing moms!!****




over the next few weeks / months, there will be many pregnant cats and orphaned kittens needing our help, and we cannot do it without your assistance.if you are have experience looking after pregnant cats and nursing moms and are able to foster, please fill out an applicationif you are unable to foster at this time but would still like to help us with these little families, please consider making a donation...  no amount is too small to make a big difference.




join our foster support team!!


do you like (love) cats and kittens?do you have good people and writing skills?if you answered yes to the above questions, you might want to consider being a part of our foster support team!you must be able to talk to our foster parents in order to get to get a sense of what their cats / kittens are about, and be able to convey that in writing.we need to know about their personalities, what kind of home they would do best in and any funny quirks the kitties might have so we can profile them in the best adoptable light on our web pages.good spelling and grammar skills are not only an asset, they are a must!!if this sounds like something you'd like to take on, please fill out an application.







    we are in dire need of adoption cousellors!!!


abbey cats adoptions is looking for passionate and committed volunteer counsellors to help correspond with and screen potential adopters through our adoption interview process. training will be provided.if you have a professional demeanour and are enthusiastic and passionate about our mission in matching the right cat with the right family, we would like to welcome you to our aca team.more information about this position can be found here.   to apply, please fill out this form.    











several foster homes needed!!


these cats are all in a northern shelter waiting to come in to the abbey cat foster program.  our foster homes are currently full and we need your help!!      






knox & rayah:
  
 
 
 


  knox
rayah 
knox 
knox 


 
 
 
 
 


this young brother and sister duo must stay together.they are super friendly and playful, and love attention.knox and rayah are good with kids, dogs and other cats and would thrive in an environment with children.



        






    dove:
                   


it's taken dove a while to trust humans again after suffering a traumatic tail              injury, but she has become a sweet girl who likes to be held and have pets              and snuggles.two year old dove gets along with all the other cats in the room she is in and likes to have a buddy cat to sleep with but she is not fussy who.dove would be a great fit with in a home with older children.  



       






 smokey:     
             


 
 
 
 


5 year old smokey likes to snuggle and play and if you listen to his meows he often says "mama".he is  good with kids, other cats and dogs (even the even rambunctious ones) and would prefer to be in a home with a feline friend.smokey could be on his own if he's with a human willing to give him lots of snuggles and attention.



if you are able to foster, please fill out an application.                     







foster home(s) needed for tony & china!!


siblings tony and china were taken to a shelter north of the gta when their previous rescue closed.


tony is a very friendly boy who gets a long with all the other cats in the shelter     
         






china is a bit shy but appreciates a good petting and loves to be in a nice warm spot.she also gets along well with other cats.   
        






 
   


the kitties are almost a year and a half old...they can be fostered / adopted together or separately as long as they have a kitty companion in the home.. preferably a quiet residence with no small children.if you are able to foster, please fill out an application.        







we are in need of several foster homes!!they are all in a shelter north of the gta






pauly:
       


pauly is a very handsome, very gentle 2 year old boy who likes his people more than other cats. he likes to play with toys and snuggle with his humanshe would do well in a home that is not too chaotic, a home with adults and older children would be fine.he could get along with another cat, but could also do well as a single.


to foster pauly, apply here.     



      



melody:
      


melody is 4 years old, loves attention and gets along well with other cats.she would do best in a home with adults and older children.she needs a home with a feline friend.      


to foster melody, apply here.         







minerva:




   


minvera






mother minerva and her son kianu were rescued after being found abandoned in a box at a bus station.mom is just over 4 years and she adores attention.


apply here to foster minerva       
















cat responsibility



we at abbey cats love to tell you about our adoptable cats and kittens, how they’re beautiful and playful and smart and cuddly and a wonderful addition to any home and family. but let me tell you a little bit about us - i mean, all of us. people domesticated cats 8000-9000 years ago. that means that although they still look a good bit like the original wild animal, they have long lost their connection with the wild, in fact millennia ago.  yes, a cat will kill and eat birds and rodents; that part of their essential nature has not been lost. hounds will chase and kill a rabbit, horses will run for the sheer fun of it. some things are hard wired. but hounds are not very likely to be left to fend for themselves outside, at least not in canada. it is a sad reality that many cats are. the perception that they “belong” out of doors, and even worse, that they can fend for themselves, is so pervasive and so wrong that it is heartbreaking. outdoor cats are exposed to the dangers of cars, weather, predators, getting lost, disease, pregnancy, and aggression from other cats. abandoned, discarded, unwanted “strays” and ferals also face a slow death by starvation. they are not able to fend for themselves. after 8000 years they have forgotten how. can you blame them?
we invited cats to join us on our evolutionary journey to modern man. now we have a collective responsibility to make good on our part of the deal. how? be a responsible cat owner; keep your cats inside, care for them medically, physically and emotionally, protect them and love them. spay and neuter your cats. when it comes time to adopt, adopt a rescue, give a kitty another chance, repair the damage done by past relationships and abandonment. remember when you adopt kittens, adoption is for life. you will see those babies through the good and the bad, including the sick and the old.
not sure you can afford a cat right now? you’re right, costs can be significant - quality food, litter, toys, spay and neuter surgery, medical costs, boarding. if the timing is not right, consider fostering instead, volunteer at your local shelter, cat sit for family and friends. are you facing some uncertainties in your future? serious illness, marital break-up, job loss? provide for your cat; be responsible. find a new home, with a firm commitment, in case you have to give your cat up. arrange for its secure future, allowing you to concentrate on your own.
and - speak up if you suspect neglect or abuse. be their voice, their advocate, their rescuer.
cats have enriched our lives for so long, life without them is unimaginable. they feel the same about us. they love us, but they also need and depend on us.
it’s an awesome responsibility. 









 










volunteers urgently needed!!!




abbey cats is currently in the process of expanding our volunteer team, and we are seeking cat lovers to join!
have a skill set or extra time you can lend to the organization? we want to hear from you!we desperately need a foster parent coordinator, drivers, and adoption counsellors 
if you are able to help, please fill out an application today!!
we also have several leadership positions open - please indicate in your application if this is of interest to you.
volunteer today!!








abbey cat adoptions is a registered canadian charity #88190 0401 rr0001
















 
 
 

















copyright © 2025 abbey cat adoptions. all rights reserved.








follow us on:















