







	wellington city council

























skip to main content











wellington city council

wellington city council














menu











arts and culture
backarts and cultureartslibrariesarchivesheritage


cemeteries
backcemeteriescemetery search and plot locaterwellington cemeteriesburials, cremations and memorialswork permits


certificates and licences
backcertificates and licencestrading in public placesalcohol licencesselling foodsigns and postersoutdoor seatingparkletshealth licencesstreet appealsgambling consentsamusement device permits


climate change, sustainable living and environment
backclimate change, sustainable living and environmentclimate changesustainable livingenvironmentwater


community support and resources
backcommunity support and resourcescommunity supportresources and facilitiesvolunteering safety in wellingtoncommemorative planting and seatsour communitieswellington airport community awards


dogs and other animals
backdogs and other animalsdogscatskeeping animals


have your say
backhave your sayconsultations and engagementspublic noticescouncillorsparticipate in council researchpetitionsattending and speaking at meetings


news and events
backnews and eventsnews and informationevents and festivalseventfinda calendarevent planning and support


parking, roads and transport
backparking, roads and transportparkingroadstransporthow can i?


property, rates and building
backproperty, rates and buildingpropertyratesbuilding and resource consentsbuilding earthquake resilienceencroachmentscouncil land and property for salequarrydevelopment contributionsroad stoppingpool and spa fencingconstruction next to residential housesaluminium composite panel buildingshow can i?


recreation
backrecreationfacilities and centresoutdoorsactivities for kids sportsclassessupport and advice


rubbish, recycling and waste
backrubbish, recycling and wastewhen to put out your rubbish and recyclingsorting your rubbish and recyclingwheelie bins, bags, crates and skipssouthern landfill, tip shop and recycle centrereducing your wastewaste requirements for businessa zero waste future for wellingtonthe solid waste management and minimisation bylaw 2020sewerage, wastewater and trade waste


wellington city
backwellington citymapspositively pōnekeabout wellington citywhat to do in wellingtonresilient wellington


your council
backyour councilabout the councilbrand assets and guidelinesplans, policies and bylawsmeetingselectionsprojectscareersinternational relationsemergency managementmayoral forum




contact us
report a problem
pay online
do it online









kia ora what can we help you with?
search


search:






contact usreport a problem

popular links

property search
parking
rubbish and recycling
let's talk (opens in new window)
do it online
events
pools
jobs
maps
council meetings










scroll to start of homepage














services and information


toi me te ahureaarts and culturediscover the city’s public art, heritage sites and libraries, and find out how we support arts and culture in wellington.
he urupācemeteriessearch cemetery records and find information about our cemeteries in karori, makara and tawa.
ngā tiwhikete me ngā raihanacertificates and licencesapply to sell alcohol or food, put up a sign, busk, or run a business that needs a health licence or gambling consent.
huringa āhuarangi noho toitū me te taiaoclimate change, sustainable living and environmentexplore our climate action plan, tree and plant services and how we’re working to become an eco-city.
te hapori tautoko me ngā rauemicommunity support and resourceslearn about our community services and programmes, apply for funding, and find a community centre near you.
ngā kurī me ngā kararehe rerekēdogs and other animalsregister your dog, find a dog exercise area, report a dog attack and learn about keeping other animals in wellington.
kōrero maihave your saygive feedback on council proposals, consultations, petitions, public notices, and learn about other ways to get involved.
tō tātou wakamāori information hubfind core documents and information about the council’s partnership with mana whenua, and the tūpiki ora māori strategy.
he pānui me ngā wā whakangahaunews and eventsstay up to date with the latest news and events from wellington city council.
te taunga, rori me te kaweparking, roads and transportfind out where to park, pay a parking ticket, apply for a parking permit or buy a parking coupon.
he whenua, he rēti me ngā whareproperty, rates and buildingsearch for property information and find out about rates, building and resource consents, and earthquake-strengthening.
ngā mahi a te rēhiarecreationget active in the capital at our parks and sportsgrounds, walkways, playgrounds, recreation centres and pools.
te rāpihi, te hangarua me te pararubbish, recycling and wastefind out about rubbish and recycling collections, landfill services, and dealing with hazardous waste.
tō kauniherayour councillearn about the mayor and councillors and their meetings. explore our projects, plans, policies, bylaws and district plan rules. find out about working at the council.
te tāone o pōnekewellington cityfind maps, learn about new zealand’s seat of government, and explore things to do in the country’s cultural capital.





news




see all the latest news










18 february 2025


mayor tory whanau prioritises safety at upcoming pride events 
mayoral statement - council taking concrete steps to ensure safety of community at pride events. 













18 february 2025


te awarua o porirua accord signed













17 february 2025


quake upgrades for social housing







recent stories

explainer: the practice of rāhui 


"game changer" - mayor whanau


long-term plan progresses


growing connections and harvesting ideas in pōneke 


new design shows revitalised courtenay place 


what to do in wellington on valentine's day


ways to move around wellington city 







see all the latest news









this week in our wellington newsletter
pick of the week: new design shows revitalised courtenay place
expanded pedestrian areas, more outdoor dining and visual markers of hidden awa (streams) are features of the new design for courtenay place. construction to revitalise courtenay place will begin in april 2025 with improvements at the kent/cambridge terrace intersection, including new paving outside the embassy theatre and a shifted pedestrian crossing. read more on our wellington or check out what else is happening in the capital in this week's newsletter.
 
sign up for our newsletter

















		top
	





contact us

report a problem or make a requestfill in our fixit form
contact noise control
email usinfo@wcc.govt.nz
phone us04 499 4444
send us mailpo box 2199
wellington 6140



visit us

visit our council service desksservice desk locations
visit our head office113 the terrace, wellington central



connect with us




                    facebook
			    



                    instagram
			    



                    tiktok
			    



                    youtube
			    



                    linkedin
			    








accessibility
sitemap
terms and conditions
privacy statement
website feedback
copyright














