



pence self -defense academy burlington



















































pence self-defense academy












f.a.q.about the artabout senseihistoryweb-dojostudents pagetips & stuffnews and oldarticlespics seminarspics oldpics h.o.f.pics s.e. asiavideofeedbackguestbookw.m.a.f.up coming eventsblack beltscontact & linksschedule














where martial arts instruction is a passion, not a hobby.




"the building tools to make your
         child a better student in school, a better child at home and most importantly a better american."







click here to enter!









black belts login in aboveor e-mail us for your password 

facebook

this dojo has been proud since 1971 est. to
            serve students from all over the boston metro-west area and north shore. some of the towns and cities that
            now have a representative student or instructors, are as follows ... acton, arlington, auburndale, beverly, beverly
            farms, billerica, boston, burlington, cambridge, chelmsford, danvers, georgetown, lexington, littleton, lowell, lynn,
            newton, newtonville, north reading, peabody, reading, rockport, salem, stoneham, tewksbury, wakefield, waltham, westford,
            weston, wilmington, winchester, woburn.the pence family would like to thank all who travel so far, so that our martial arts family may grow.


www.penceselfdefense.com
self-defense
         instructortrusted
         and verifiedquestions?
         comments? requests? get in touch.contact nowbrought to you by 



 










homef.a.q.about the artabout senseihistoryweb-dojostudents pagetips & stuffnews and oldarticlespics seminarspics oldpics h.o.f.pics s.e. asiavideofeedbackguestbookw.m.a.f.up coming eventsblack beltscontact & linksschedule













i would like to thank all who have helped me "along the path"...
               my family, teachers, friends & all the members of my martial arts family.yours
               in the arts; kevin pence sr. sensei
 pence
               self-defense academy226
               cambridge st. burlington ma 01803 u.sa. (781)
               272-9709or (877) -karate-u.s.a                                               
               527-2838www.penceselfdefense.comwww.bostonkarate.netcopyright vigorously enforced. © 2000-2012 
















 
 










 



 


 



 


 
 















