






st. augustine church














































st. augustine church



home



information
contact, directions & parking
our staff
bulletins
e-giving & finances
join the parish
parish fly-by videos
sunday socials



sacraments
baptism
confirmation
eucharist
reconciliation
marriage
holy orders
anointing of the sick
discussions on the sacraments
discussions on the mass - part 1



ministries
ministry at st. augustine
councils
liturgy
music
outreach



history & community
our parish
our filipino community
our young adult community
our old city community
capital campaign 2018-2023
gala celebration 2019
220th anniversary celebrations
225th anniversary celebration
photos
photos of lunetts of st. augustine's life
healing garden
the sister to the liberty bell
church restoration 1992



being catholic
catholic links
becoming catholic
mass videos
augustinians in formation
my faith journey


calendar of events


blog 


preservation donations















home/
information/contact, directions & parkingour staffbulletinse-giving & financesjoin the parishparish fly-by videossunday socials
sacraments/baptismconfirmationeucharistreconciliationmarriageholy ordersanointing of the sickdiscussions on the sacramentsdiscussions on the mass - part 1
ministries/ministry at st. augustinecouncilsliturgymusicoutreach
history & community/our parishour filipino communityour young adult communityour old city communitycapital campaign 2018-2023gala celebration 2019220th anniversary celebrations225th anniversary celebrationphotosphotos of lunetts of st. augustine's lifehealing gardenthe sister to the liberty bellchurch restoration 1992
being catholic/catholic linksbecoming catholicmass videosaugustinians in formationmy faith journey
calendar of events/
blog /
preservation donations/













































served by the augustinian friars since 1796











home/
information/contact, directions & parkingour staffbulletinse-giving & financesjoin the parishparish fly-by videossunday socials
sacraments/baptismconfirmationeucharistreconciliationmarriageholy ordersanointing of the sickdiscussions on the sacramentsdiscussions on the mass - part 1
ministries/ministry at st. augustinecouncilsliturgymusicoutreach
history & community/our parishour filipino communityour young adult communityour old city communitycapital campaign 2018-2023gala celebration 2019220th anniversary celebrations225th anniversary celebrationphotosphotos of lunetts of st. augustine's lifehealing gardenthe sister to the liberty bellchurch restoration 1992
being catholic/catholic linksbecoming catholicmass videosaugustinians in formationmy faith journey
calendar of events/
blog /
preservation donations/











































weekend masses:      sunday: 9:00 am, 11:00 am and 7:00 pm      (all sunday masses are livestreamed on:                                masslivestream.com )              weekday mass:monday – friday: 12:05 pm(the 12:05 pm weekday mass is livestreamed on: masslivestream.com )  



reconciliation (confession): after sunday masses, or anytime by request.



air conditioned church♿️ wheelchair accessible church (ramp) & restroom♿️ wheelchair accessible rev. matthew carr, osa hall



our mission statementst. augustine parish is an open, diverse, and active roman catholic community rooted in the gospel of jesus christ and founded in the augustinian tradition. we invite all to participate in our worship, service to others, and our faith development. these endeavors allow us to grow in the knowledge of god present in ourselves and each other. our community joyfully welcomes all who are searching for a spiritual center to call home.





view fullsize




















 


    click here for this week's bulletin
  

















































shrine of santo niño de cebú 



join our parishcapital campaignwhat do people say about us?just visitingbecoming catholicsign up for automatic  e-givingcontact, directions & parkingdaily scripture readings













click to sign up for automatic e-giving.















read about how we are inspired by pope francis in the national catholic reporter.





learn about saint augustine parish!















click on the image above to read an article about fr. bill atkinson, o.s.a.















events















open, active, and vibrant! there's lot's to do and experience here at st. augustine church! from masses to concerts to the most amazing festival of santo niño that you've ever seen outside of the islands of the philippines, come see what we're all about. we pray and praise in many different ways here, so there's sure to be something you'll enjoy. check our calendar of events and come join the experience.calendar of events ›



ministries















ministry is faith in action, gifts realized and shared, and life renewed in service of the god we love and praise. there are a wide variety of ministries at st. augustine church. you can enrich liturgies, serve the needy, help maintain our historic home, or build our presence in the philadelphia area. give a lot, or give a little - but please know that your talents and time are needed! help us and enrich your faith life, for it is in giving that we receive.find the ministry for you ›



community















the augustinian charism is community, and we take that to heart. knit together in this historic church, you'll find restless hearts of active and interested young catholic adults, old city families, and a thriving filipino network that spans the tri-state area and beyond. together, we form the community of st. augustine church. we have plenty of room behind our big red doors, so bring your restless heart to our community. we can't wait to welcome you.more about who we are › 







 


 


























































st. augustine roman catholic church  |  243 north lawrence street  |  philadelphia, pa 19106  |  t: 215.627.1838    f: 215.627.3911   |  staugustineparish09@gmail.comg.p.s. address: 250 north 4th street, philadelphia, pa 19106saint augustine r. c. church    all rights reserved  ©2024











 



 



