



infinity domains by pool.com



































purchase your
infinity domains™
by pool.com now


        purchase your infinity domains™ by pool.com now
      







                search
              








extension


click here to download the infinity domains™ by pool.com resolver chrome extension! learn more






infinity domains™ by pool.com
    


want to own a
          top level infinity
          domain™?

          get yours now on ethereum & polygon,
          the most trusted and secure blockchains.
        
learn more


just want to jump in
          and buy infinity
          domains™?

          secure new and exciting web3 domain
          names that stand out from the rest.

        
buy an infinity domain





bridge
current registries
are you a current icann accredited registry looking to bridge to web3?


learn more





integrate
current registrars

            are you a current icann accredited
            registrar looking to integrate into
            web3 using our api?
          


learn more





join
web3 registrar

            do you want to become a web3 registrar?
          


learn more










what we do
web3 domain gateway

          pool.com offers you access to purchase your own unique infinity domain™ in web3. it also offers the ability to mint and distribute second level domains, and allows you to sell second level domains to others.
        
tld guard™

          peace of mind knowing your trademark can’t be registered by anyone else
          while you take some time to decide how you’re going to jump into web3.
          limited registrations can be upgraded to active tlds when you are ready.
        
get started











got a great idea?

          got a great idea for an infinity domain™ like .running that you want to sell to the world? we enable you to do all of that easily. sounds a bit complicated? we are the experts and are here to help. our 24/7 call centre team will fully support all your web3 needs.
        

contact us










how it works
      


1
register

            we register all of our domain names on the ethereum blockchain as well as the popular polygon blockchain.
          


2
secure

            once your domain is minted on the blockchain, it’s there forever.
          


3
renew

            domains must be renewed each year to ensure they are active.
          






frequently asked questions
    








                what is web3?
                



              the newest and greatest decentralized version of the web - the next generation of the internet.
              
 learn more 






                what is a wallet?
                



              this is where your data, your capital, your finance, and your entire identity in web3, will reside.
              
 learn more 






                what is a sunrise period?
                



              already the owner of the trademark? we got you protected! you’ll have until april 4, 2023 to access it before the public can purchase your trademark.
              
 learn more 






                i am a trade mark / brand owner - what do i do?
                



              unlike any other tld offerings, pool.com ensures that trademark owners have a grace period, wherein they can claim their rightful infinity domain™!
              
 learn more 






                i am not a brand owner but i want a web3 infinity domain™?
                



              once the sunrise period of 60 days has lapsed, and the trade owner has not confirmed their purchase, then you will have full access to whichever infinity domain™ you wish.
              
 learn more 






                does pool allow me to manage my infinity domain™?
                



              not only do we allow it, but it is automatic - it’s all yours!
              
 learn more 






                how does this compare to other offerings?
                



              ownership of your infinity domain™ allows you to take full ownership of all second level domains. you are the owner of everything, and can issue the sld’s as you wish!
              
 learn more 









 










 company 
about us
privacy policy
 burn policy 
fees




 support 
contact us
help center
faqs
tld and domain name agreement




 social 
facebook
twitter
instagram
linkedin





please read our  privacy policy  and  terms of service by using this website,  you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions in each of these statements. 



© 2023, pool.com limited. all rights reserved















