






community association management – law office of lee mason





































login
register





















                            remember me                        



lost your password?


 
login



        user registration is disabled in this website.    










reset password




please enter your username or email address. you will receive a link to create a new password via email.







 get new password












 (770) 692-0152 lee@camga.com 
















home
about us
mgmt proposal
services
closing letter request
pud questionnaire
contact
pay dues
 















 








 





 

neighborhoods deserve 

legal & professional management 

 

 


 
 





helping hoas tackle complex legal issues
more than 150 communities in georgia and alabama combined have hired community association management and the law offices of lee mason. the core businesses of cam and law work together to create a seamless management of these community associations.
people who step into leadership of their homeowners association think about:





serving their community





maintaining property values





making the neighborhood better





but serving on the board of directors sometimes means: patrolling the neighborhood for covenant violations, sending legal letters to the neighbors.
that’s why well over 150 communities in georgia and alabama have hired community association management and the law offices of lee mason. the core businesses of cam and law work together to create a seamless management of communities.


pay your dues online








here’s what some of our clients have said:





347 homes, 24-hour guard service, rates that never increase
since 2005, cam has done an excellent job managing our community. i have always found cam’s employees to be professional, helpful, and courteous.
cam’s staff conduct monthly drive-thru inspections. their enforcement of our covenants is fair and appropriate. mr. mason has professionally represented our community in court on several covenant issues.
in our years of working with cam, they have never increased their fees. i would recommend both lee mason’s law firm and his management company to any homeowner or condominium association looking to hire a competent representative for their community.
– dave simmons, president, whitewater creek community association





as if we were their only clients
i hold nothing but the highest regard for the services cam has provided for our community and homeowner’s association for the last 5 years.
my overall performance rating would be 10/10. i know they manage several communities, but they’ve had an excellent way of making us feel as if we were their only clients.
if we had it to do all over again, we’d hire community association management, and we’d recommend them to any other community in need of such services.
– sekethia l. mcdonald, m.d., treasurer, legacy hills residential association




 
 






about cam

fayetteville attorney lee mason specializes only in real estate law and community association law. developers, homeowners associations, and individuals turn to mason for his proficiency in this specialty niche of the law.
read more 

contact us



 101 devant street, suite 904, fayetteville, ga 30214
 (770) 692-0152
 lee@camga.com

contact us 

linkslegal services
our clients say
eforms
 







©2019 community association management, llc. all rights reserved. site designed by dirt1x.




















