







	candlestick analysis, by americanbulls.com













cookie consent by free privacy policy generator
































home
introductionbasic candlesticksbullish patternsbearish patterns














stock exchange






loading…







 

















candlestick pattern of the day









loading…




the chart above shows how mgol rose following the detection of a bullish three gap downs pattern on 1/29/2025 and its subsequent confirmation on 2/4/2025. gains based on this bullish pattern reached 412.57% since the day of confirmation, causing us to select bullish three gap downs as the pattern of the day for the nasdaq stock exchange in us . please, use the menu on the left, to see the pattern of the day for other stock markets.









loading…















why candlesticks?




the charts above show how candlestick patterns may mark important reversal points in the history of a stock. though similar success should not be expected in all trades, it is clear that candlestick charting and analysis is an effective tool and a powerful method for stock and commodity market timing and analysis. candlesticks provide visual insight into current market psychology. the use and interpretation of candlesticks in technical analysis is based on certain premises:
1. the “what” (i.e. the price action) is more important than the “why”, (i.e. news, earnings, etc.).2. all the known information is reflected in the current price,3. the buyers and the sellers move markets on the basis of psychologically driven emotions of fear, greed and hope,4. the actual price may not reflect the underlying value.
traders can use either fundamental analysis or other methods of technical analysis together with the candlesticks as decision criteria. the message inherent in candlesticks, however, is more important since they give insight to what the market is thinking and must never be neglected. candlesticks offer the unique opportunity for the early identification of reversals which enables our system to establish the stop loss and confirmation levels in time.
candlesticker.com is a completely free website with relevant explanatory information for all the candlesticks and patterns. moreover, the website displays a performance table for each pattern for all the world markets covered by the bulls.com© family websites, in an easy to read form. other bulls.com© family websites share the same data base and algorithm with candlesticker.com, and display the results in a similar manner but these results are available to subscribers only. these are critically important tables that show which patterns work best and lead to the highest trading profit in a security and a stock exchange.















about ussupportprivacytosimportant links













english
deutsch中文françaistürkçeindonesiaespañolitaliano
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 









disclaimers:
government regulations require disclosure of the fact that while these methods may have worked in the past, past results are not necessarily indicative of future results. while there is a potential for profits there is also a risk of loss. there is substantial risk in security trading. losses incurred in connection with trading stocks or futures contracts can be significant. you should therefore carefully consider whether such trading is suitable for you in the light of your financial condition since all speculative trading is inherently risky and should only be undertaken by individuals with adequate risk capital. neither americanbulls.com llc, nor candlesticker.com makes any claims whatsoever regarding past or future performance. all examples, charts, histories, tables, commentaries, or recommendations are for educational or informational purposes only.
candlesticker.com is an independent and free website and all the services provided by americanbulls.com llc at candlesticker.com are completely free of charge. americanbulls.com llc does not receive compensation by any direct or indirect means from the visitors and users of this website (or of any other bulls.com© family websites), and from the stocks, securities and other institutions or any underwriters or dealers associated with the broader national or international forex, commodity and stock markets.
you agree that candlesticker.com and americanbulls.com llc its parent company, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers and employees shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages.










