




    channel lumber - bay area lumber company
  skip to main content
channel lumber
call us: (510) 234-0233










homeour historyproducts & services projectsgreen buildingblogcontactcareers
view our project portfoliolearn more
see what we've been up tolearn more
read our green building bloglearn more  proudly providing commercial lumber products and custom milling to contractors and retailers in the bay area for over half a century.
 
fsc/leedchannel lumber has the largest inventory of wood products in the u.s. that is certified by the forest stewardship council® (fsc®) and leed.
learn more
 
custom mill workour mill is equipped with re-saws, a planer, molders, and trim saws. these tools enable us to custom mill specified materials to match your needs.
capabilities
 
lumber & plywoodwe carry lumber for virtually any size or type of project, whether you are forming a bridge over the bay, or matching an intricate molding on a victorian home.
our inventory
 
project portfolioour extensive experience includes projects of all types throughout the bay area and beyond, from silicon valley campuses to subway lines.
view projectson any day, you can see channel lumber's distinctive yellow trucks, from santa rosa to santa cruz, stockton to san francisco. we have the largest lumber delivery fleet in the bay area.channel lumber offers an extensive inventory, product versatility, prompt delivery, and superior service that you need to make your projects successful. channel lumber has committed to serving the process of green building by investing in perhaps the largest inventory of certified forest stewardship council® (fsc®) wood products in the united states.our 14 acre lumber yard fully located in richmond, ca is stocked with timbers, dimensional lumber, plywood, treated lumber and plywood, crane mats, crating materials, hardware, and much more. if we don't stock what you need, we will custom mill it! we are committed to giving you the quality and service that you deserve.



©2025 channel lumber co.
100 west cutting blvd. • richmond, ca 94804
510-234-0233 • 
sitemap • privacy & accessibilityopen monday-friday 6:30am - 5:00pm
follow us on google
like us on facebook
connect with us on linkedin
find us on yelp

bay area web design    