

john seely brown: chief of confusion 






 speaking | publications | about jsb | contact me

i'm 
        a visiting scholar at usc and the independent co-chairman 
        of the deloitte center for the edge.
in 
        a previous life, i was the chief scientist of xerox corporation and the director of its palo alto research center (parc). i was 
        deeply involved in the management of radical innovation and in 
        the formation of corporate strategy and strategic positioning of xerox 
        as the document company.
today, 
        i'm chief of confusion, helping people ask the right questions, 
        trying to make a difference through my work- speaking, writing, teaching. i've 
          also received a few honorary degrees along 
          the way, and in 2004 i was inducted into the industry hall of fame; i was  elected to the american academy of arts and sciences in 2009.
contact 
        me 
featured 

        changing the game of corporate research:
        learning to thrive in the fog of reality [pdf]
jsb
--- 
creating the resilient, resourceful, inspired learner [pdf]
jsb
---  
youtube interview with bryan alexander
--- 
cultivating the imagination in a world of constant change [pdf]
douglas thomas and jsb
--- 


the future of knowledge sharing [pdf]
jsb's keynote (video)at kmworld2017
--- 
sense making in our post alphago world [pdf]
jsb and apj at stanford mediax2017
--- 
moving from best to better and better: business practice redesign is an untapped opportunity [pdf]
john hagel, john seely brown, andrew de maar, maggie wooll
--- 


learning in the 21st century:
multiplayer high: how games help learning - boing, boing (pdf)

classic: cultivating the entreprenurial learner in the 21st century (pdf)


              video: sense making in our post alphago world 
              (slides) (paper)
              john seely brown @ stanford (#mediax2017 conference, feb 2017)
classic: learning for a world of constant change: homo sapiens, homo faber & homo ludens revisited (annotated version)
              douglas thomas & john seely brown university of southern california (paper presented at the 7th glion colloquium, june 2009)





        "imagination networks" - an animated john seely brown (jsb)
--- 
reimagining libraries & learning for the 21st century [pdf]
        jsb at the aspen institute roundtable on library innovation in aspen, colorado
--- 
working/learning/leading in the exponential age [pdf]
        jsb at the 2016 aacsb international deans conference in miami, florida
--- 
the game is changing - are we?
        w/ ann pendleton-jullian
--- 
navigating continual disruption: 
        a report on the 
          2014 aspen institute roundtable on institutional innovation 
--- 
watch these short video clips: 











--- 

arizona state university commencement speech (w/ video) (may 2015) >>

 --- 


the coming age of calm technology
          re:form revisits as essay on the future of computing 

calm tech, then and now >> re:form interviews jsb
--- 
what would happen if we turned the university inside-out? 
        what if we moved course content to the outside, as resources to be used? download>>
--- 

our model of learning is changing. play becomes a space of invention and permission. 
          a space to discover and try out new things. curiosity is a new agent of learning. 
a library is a community hub, where thinkers, dreamers and doers can come together
        to seek solutions to the grand challenges facing this world.
 it offers spaces custom-built for collaboration, 
          equipped with cutting-edge tools to make concepts oncrete. 
download the slides >>
--- 



"the global one room schoolhouse"
--- 

the future of manufacturing



the maker movement



the retail transformation

a consumer driven culture of health

the lifetime learner




book series: design unbound








 design unbound: designing for emergence in a white water world (infrastructures)
              (volume 1) 
              by ann m. pendleton-jullian, john seely brown, et al. 
				 dec 4, 2018 

 



  design unbound: designing for emergence in a white water world: ecologies of change (infrastructures) 
(volume 2)
              by ann m. pendleton-jullian, john seely brown, et al. 
				dec 4, 2018 
 
 

 





book: pragmatic imagination






pragmatic imagination (june 2016) by ann pendleton-julian and john seely brown

"this book offers a fresh and immensely insightful look at the mystery of imagination. it will change the way you think about imagination, and quite possibly, the world around us.">>  —paul saffo, chair, future studies and forecasting, singularity university. 
 
pragmatic imagination presents a valuable resource for navigating our broadly connected, rapidly changing, and radically contingent world. it begins from an assumption that agency in the world today requires a productive entanglement of imagination and action. it then presents a framework for unpacking the imagination as a wide range of mental activity that can be put to purpose in this world. this is the pragmatic imagination - a concept and framework of six principles.
 this book is the last chapter of a larger work. it is both parent and child of a soon to be published five-book book called design unbound: designing for emergence in a white water world, which provides a tool set for agency and impact in our world today. like a single released before an album, this previews the larger work, introducing concepts and themes that both anticipate and encapsulate the larger project. but also like a single, it can stand alone because of the way in which it anticipates and encapsulates the larger project with a singular coherence.
learn more at pragmaticimagination.com >>


book: a new culture of learning



a new culture of learning: cultivating the imagination for a world of constant change (jan 2011) by douglas thomas and john seely brown

"douglas thomas and john seely brown portray the new world of learning gracefully, vividly, and convincingly." more >>  —howard gardner, professor, harvard graduate school of education 
 
the 21st century is a world in constant change. in a new culture of learning, douglas thomas and john seely brown pursue an understanding of how the forces of change, and emerging waves   of interest associated with these forces, inspire and invite us to   imagine a future of learning that is as powerful as it is optimistic. 
by exploring play, innovation, and the cultivation of the imagination as cornerstones of learning, the authors create a vision of learning for the future that is achievable, scalable and one that grows along with the technology that fosters it and the people who engage with it. the result is a new form of culture in which knowledge is seen as fluid and evolving, the personal is both enhanced and refined in relation to the collective, and the ability to manage, negotiate and participate in the world is governed by the play of the imagination.
learn more at newcultureoflearning.com >>


more books



the power of pull:                  how small moves, smartly made, can set big things in   motion (basic books; april 2010) by john   hagel iii, john seely brown, and lang davison
"the power of pull examines the 'how question' – how can we effectively address our most pressing challenges in a rapidly changing and increasingly interdependent world?"
- bill clinton

video: jsb and john hagel discuss the themes covered in their new book, the power of pull. watch >>
see: braden kelley interview 

video: jsb at stanford - "collaborative innovation and a pull economy"
read: the cook report on the power of pull (june 2010)


the 
        only sustainable edge: why business strategy depends on productive friction 
        and dynamic specialization, john hagel and john seely brown, harvard business school press; may, 2005 
storytelling 
        in organizations : why storytelling is transforming 21st century organizations 
        and management, john seely brown,stephen denning, katalina 
          groh, laurence prusak, butterworth-heinemann; august 2004

the social life of information, john seely brown and paul duguid, harvard business school press, february 
                2000 (translated into nine languages).
seeing 
        differently: insights on innovation, j.s. brown (ed.), boston, 
        ma: harvard business school publishing, 1997.

intelligent 
            tutoring systems d. sleeman and j.s. brown (eds.), 
        london, england: academic press, ltd., 1982.
 
selected videos










new media consortium
 closing keynote, 2010 (slides)


the entrepreneur and the   cloud, silicon valley leaders forum, stanford 2009








learning in the digital age indiana university, april 2009








tinkering as a mode of knowledge production, carnegie foundation for the advancement of teaching, october 2008





institutional innovation
              iit institute of design strategy conference, chicago, 2008









teaching 2.0 doing more with less uc 21st century conference, june 2008

keynote: the social life of learning in a net age hastac conference, 2007

mckay school of education, brigham young university, 2009
 


jsb's 
        sand box


the
            big shift
the big shift: why it matters (pdf)
              john hagel iii, john seely brown, and lang davison
report: measuring the forces of long-term change: the 2009 shift index (pdf)
the big shift index: uncovering the emerging logic of deep change (pdf) 
              extended version of the article that appeared in the july‐august 2009 version of the harvard business review. john hagel iii, john seely brown, lang davison, “the big shift: measuring the forces of change”, harvard business review, july‐august 2009)
the center has also released an industry-specific version (pdf) of its  shift index, which applies these performance-challenge data to nine key  sectors. 

 automotive
 consumer products
 retail
financial services
insurance
health care
technology
media
telecommunications

download the industry-specific version (pdf)
see also:
edgeperspectives.com
the big shift blog
(co-authored 
                with john hagel & lang davison)
a   brief history of the power of pull 
are   all employees knowledge workers? 
three   ways to distinguish an edge from a fringe 
the   best way to measure company performance 
from   do it yourself to do it together 
open   innovation's next challenge: itself
a   better way to manage knowledge
networking   reconsidered
are your sources of strategic advantage eroding?
why we need big organizations
measuring the big shift
what does your facebook profile say about you?
defining common collaboration tensions
four ways to spur innovation at your company
four ways to use "pull" to increase your success
three elements you need for successful creation spaces
introducing the collaboration curve
does the experience curve matter today?
the strategic advantage of global process and practice networks
tomorrow's talent networks
the new organization model: learning at scale

the case for institutional innovation
-------
shaping strategy in a world of constant disruption (pdf) by john hagel iii, john seely brown, and lang davison
the shaping opportunity: uncovering the emerging logic of deep change (pdf) 
              strategic news service newsletter
-------
 
cloud computing,
            service grids & technology 
technology: vanity or visionary (financial times) and our response >>
transformation of software platforms from “the edge”: refactoring to an outside-in architecture with thomas winans
cloud computing – storms on the horizonw/ john hagel (deloitte center for the edge)
see also this  series of working papers from the deloitte center for the edge. download >>
demystifying clouds: exploring cloud and service architectures
moving it platforms to the cloud: insights into it  platform architecture transformation

motivation to leverage cloud and service grid technologies: pain points that clouds and service grids address
presentation: the entrepreneur and the cloud – silicon valley rejuvenated, singapore coming of age (pdf)
presentation: the big shift: clouds, “pull” and the changing nature of business innovation (pdf) – gartner’s application, architecture development and integration summit, las vegas, nevada, december 8, 2009.
web services 
              2.0: policy driven service oriented architectures
              (with thomas b winans) may 2008
global 
              view of infocomm in 2015  march 2005 
china's 
              technological leap forward  npr: talk of the nation, august 
              25, 2005 
from 
              tightly bound to loosely coupled software 
                development 
does 
              it matter? an hbr debate harvard business review
benefits 
              of a long-distance relationship, ft
silicon 
              valley's risky complacency businessweek
beware 
              "berrybite" blowback jh3's blog
where 
              have all the computers gone? 

intelligence: 
              we've lost our edge wapo
talent management & 
              the gaming disposition
talent is everything conference board, may-june 2009
breakthough ideas: the gamer disposition harvard business review, (with douglas thomas), feb 2008
the 
              gamer disposition harvard business review "conversation starter" blog (with douglas thomas), february 
                14, 2008
are gamers born or made? harvard business review "conversation starter" blog (with douglas thomas), march 
              5, 2008
the power of dispositions acm ubiquity, volume 9, issue 43, november 25 - december 1, 2008
you 
              play world of warcraft? you're hired! wired, april 2006
fast 
              company open debate: in which i debate shannon o’brien, 
              a high-school senior >> long version | short version

warcraft 
              & the fundamentals of leadership and the abstract for "extending the reach of games"- a gls symposium proposal
 
 
learning 
commencement 
              speeches: asu (2015), olin (2014), smu (2013), stanford (2011), iit (2011), n.c. state (2009); university of michigan 2005 (pdf) 
              and cgu (2004)
cultivating the entrepreneurial learner in the 21st century (pdf)


download: 
                learning in and for the 21st century (pdf)
watch: c-span >> innovation summit: “reimagining education: empowering learners in a connected world" | slides
re-imagining libraries, learning and innovation for the 21st century (ontario library association)  2015
re-imagining the university(usc provost's retreat) 2015
how world of warcraft could save your business and the economy (big think)
see also: play of imagination (pdf) w/ jsb's highlights
video "the big shift: from scalable efficiency to scalable learning" at singapore management university (2013) 

blended learning revisited
              jsb, dava newman, john belcher (mit world - march 2010)
learning for a world of constant change: homo sapiens, homo faber & homo ludens revisited douglas thomas & john seely brown university of southern california (paper presented at the 7th glion colloquium, june 2009)
deep listening (pdf) simon chadwick talks to john seely brown, independent co-chairman of the center for the edge and ex-director of xerox’s palo alto research center, about why researchers should step out of their comfort zones.
presentation: re-imagining dewey for the 21st century: learning in/for the digital age
from transactional markets to relational networks: amplifying the innovation potential of high tech regions (pdf) with john hagel
relational networks, strategic advantage: new challenges for collaborative control (pdf) with john hagel and marian jelinek
entrepreneurial learning in the networked age: how new learning environments foster entrepreneurship and innovation (pdf) with max senges and howard rheingold 
why 
              virtual worlds can matter (pdf) with douglas thomas
how 
              to connect technology and passion in the service of learning, the 
                chronicle of higher education, october 2008
learning 
              2.0 - the big picture (pdf)
the 
              play of imagination: beyond the literary mind (pdf) with douglas 
                thomas
interview: john seely brown on web 2.0 and the culture of learning (school 2.0, part 
              6) from steve hargadon's blog
architecting 
              school 2.0 from wesley fryer's blog: moving at the speed of creativity
ex-parc 
              chief urges shift in engineering schools itworld.com
new 
              learning environments for the 21st century: exploring the edge change 
                sep/oct 2006
five 
              questions... for john seely brown 
elearn magazine
new 
              learning environments for the 21st century
minds 
              on fire (co-authored with richard p. adler) educause, january - february 
              2008
presentation at 
              km asia 2005
foreword from judy breck's 109 ideas for virtual learning
university 
              of colorado system's 2005 teaching with technology conference podcast 
                + presentation 
keynote: from push to pull: higher education in the digital age ohio digital commons for education (odce) 2006 conference the convergence 
              of libraries, learning and technology
classic: stolen knowledge john seely brown and paul duguid, 1996
classic: the university in the digital age john seely brown and paul duguid, 1996


innovation & creativity
playfulness and innovation (bedley brothers interview) feb 2015
re-imagining libraries, learning and innovation for the 21st century (ontario library association) jan 2015
the evolution of innovation: an interview with jsb (research-technology management)

innovating innovation (pdf)
creation 
              nets: harnessing the potential of open innovation with john 
                hagel
from 
              push to pull - emerging models for mobilizing resources (pdf) 
              offers a preview of some of the research for our next book...
connecting 
              globalization & innovation: some contrarian perspectives prepared 
                for the annual meeting of the world economic forum in davos, switzerland 
                january 25 – 30, 2006.edgeperspectives.com
video: 
              is business waking up to wiki? socialtext ceo ross mayfield and i discuss the emerging role of the wiki in the evolution of corporate 
              collaboration. cnet, april 2006
from 
              push to pull: the next frontier of innovation mckinsey 
                quarterly 

innovation 
              blowback: disruptive management practices from asia mckinsey 
                quarterly
control vs. trust: mastering a different management approach (pdf) with john hagel 

supernova 
              2005 podcast (mp3) 
cook 
              report (pdf): a review of supernova and the only sustainable 
                edge
letter 
              to a young researcher jsb at parc
john 
              hagel and john seely brown: friction can be good - 
                esther dyson
the 
              innovation/productivity quotient optimize 
don't 
              resist offshoring, exploit it ft 
mind 
              bugs or why "seeing" is so damn difficult (pdf)

              innovation on the edge
(co-authored 
                  with john hagel)
the next wave of open innovation april 08, 2009
does the experience curve matter today? april 03, 2009
peer-to-patent: a system for increasing transparency march 18, 2009
how world of warcraft promotes innovationjanuary, 2009 [cio case study: our colleague stephen gillett]
harrah's new twist on prediction marketsdecember, 2008

innovation for hard times 
november 2008

how sap seeds innovation 
july 2008

 changing 
              the world from the edge 
                may 2008
institutional 
              innovations:   >
                a silicon valley nonprofit fostered the development of a radical 
                open-source platform for top-level health research  may 2008
life 
              on the edge: learning from facebook april 2008
learning 
              from tata's nano  february 2008

catching 
              the innovation wave january 2008)
phoning 
              from the edge: what companies can learn from google's efforts to reshape 
              the u.s. mobile communications business january 2008
embrace 
              the edge -- or perish
              november 2007
 funding 
              invention vs. managing innovation  february 2006

a 
                    broader view of offshoring (interview) may 
                2005


interviews

knowledge@wharton: can your firm develop a sustainable edge?
wired: 
        innovation and technology: an interview with jsb
seth 
        kahan: storytelling and the art of science
marcia 
        conner: linking, 
          lurking, listening, and learning, an interview from learning 
            in the new economy magazine
lawlor 
        review: high tech, higher ed, and the new world order
david 
        gill: the ibte conversation ethix
storytelling: 
        the scientist's perspective
        john spoke on this topic at a symposium called "storytelling: passport 
        to the 21st century," arranged by the smithsonian. slides here >>
interview 
        with sandra higgison

associates

john 
          hagel
 paul duguid

board activities 

i'm also involved on boards, advisory boards and editorial boards, 
          all manner of boards. 
see my cv... 
 




speaking

i love talking (and listening) on these topics: 
the big shift & the power of pull
it is understandable that all of us focus on  short-term economic events as they play out—particularly in times of crisis and  recession.  at the same time, however, it is dangerous to lose sight of the deep  changes that will continue to unfold long after the current economic downturn  is a memory. we face a long-term performance challenge that continues to  intensify. the steps we take now to address this challenge will not only help  us to weather the current economic storms but will position us to create  significant economic value in an increasingly challenging business landscape. the power of pull provides a roadmap for the practices and institutions required to harness knowledge flows and create significant economic value. more generally, the emphasis on the pivotal role of the individual in catalyzing the next wave of institutional changes helps to remind us that the difficult but rewarding journey ahead begins with each of us. more>> 
rethinking globalization 
the intensity of global competition calls for a 
                review of your business strategy. your company's sustainability depends 
                on your ability to develop a constantly evergreen set of capabilities 
                before anybody else does. how do you accelerate your firm's capability-building 
                processes? your talent development strategy? is it possible to learn even 
                faster? more>> 
 innovation blowback
emerging markets such as china and india have become 
                breeding grounds for new management processes and practices that help 
                companies to maintain or even improve the quality of their products and 
                services while simultaneously slashing prices. the disruptive impact is 
                now confined to developing countries, but "blowback" from this surge of 
                innovation could 
                quickly be unleashed on the rest of the world. to meet the challenge, 
                established businesses must learn new skills—not least important, 
                an ability to orchestrate complex networks of specialized enterprises. 
                what steps must you take to protect your company's future? more >> 
 value creation at the edge 
it is not just corporate training that is important 
                but rather rich participation with partners who are at the edge.ask: 
                how do you learn as much from a partner as you learn from creating something 
                yourself? how does distributed collaboration around the world become a 
                critical strategy for survival? what are the most effective ways to convert 
                your existing global supplier networks into new nodes of innovation? more >> 
 learning in the digital age 
rethinking 
                how today's kids that grow up digital learn, think, work, communicate 
                and socialize. perhaps our generation focused on information but these 
                kids focus on meaning - how does information take on meaning ... more>> 
why 
              it matters more today than ever before
to understand how to achieve a sustainable competitive 
                edge from it, we must understand how web services or, more generally, 
                service-oriented architectures, enable a new kind of corporate strategy 
                to become enacted. more>>
cloud computing & service grids  
we are at a strategic juncture which brings 
                two separate developments together - cloud computing and service grids 
                - providing the opportunity 
                to slash capital expenditure and tco on the one hand and enabling a degree 
                of radical adaptability - both in terms of computer utilization and business 
                flexibility, on the other hand. this confluence is unprecedented and opens 
                up a host of strategic possibilities but this also requires new skills 
                for the cio and potentially a new positioning of cios before the full 
                potential of this confluence can be realized... more >>
creating 
              a culture of learning
organizational learning and 
                knowledge sharing have held out great promises but have failed to deliver 
                the goodies. why? and what can be done about it? more>>
managing 
              radical innovation
let's be clear; you can't manage invention, 
                just nurture it ... but you can manage innovation, the pathway to the 
                market. more>>
the 
              will to innovate
i am tired of everyone pointing their fingers at 
                the other guys -- corporations at unions; universities at government; 
                and so on. start by looking at your organization. what has your organization 
                undertaken to innovate your own innovation processes?
i 
              am distressed at how bad most ceos are today in thinking out of the box. 
              boards aren't much better. and, of course, most institutions and foundations 
              tend to be hesitant to re-invent themselves... 
 it's time to be bold; it's time to innovate innovation. the 21st century 
              demands it...
more>> 
design, 
              design, design
 why can't we keep things simple? sure, 
                we all complain, but why can't we design stuff that mere mortals (like 
                you and me) can use? more>>
 
 
recent 
              speeches

                contact me 
"cultivating the imagination: creating the resilient, resourceful, inspired learner" - university of alabama's online learning innovation summit 2017, tuscaloosa, alabama, february 3, 2017. 
"the game is changing, are we?" - hawaii international conference on system sciences (hicss), kona, hawaii, january 5, 2017.
"the generative dance between us and our machines - new ways to learn, work, and imagine" - de lange conference x, rice university, houston, texas, december 6, 2016.
"working/learning/thriving in a world of constant change" - cal02 2016, university of california, santa barbara, santa barbara, california, october 22, 2016.
"living/learning/leading in a white water world" - uc irvine bren school of information and computer sciences colloquium, irving, california, october 14, 2016.
"the game is changing, are we?  what are the new challenges for boards of directors?" - singapore directors conference, singapore, september 5, 2016.
"from scalable efficiency to scalable learning in a whitewater world" - aacsb dean's conference, miami, florida, february 1, 2016.
"re-imagining learning in our exponential age" - inaugural national technology enabled learning experience conference, singapore, november 26, 2015.
"cultivating resilient learners for the 21st century" - university of california, davis, chancellor's colloquium series, davis, california, october 28, 2015.
"re-thinking organizational practices and architectures for exponential times" - singularity university, mountain view, california, october 26, 2015.
"pragmatic imagination and its growing importance in our exponential age" - nueva school innovative forum, palo alto, california, october 16, 2015.
"from an information economy to an imagination economy" - usc sandbox west interview, los angeles, california, october 13, 2015.
"leading and learning in a world of constant change" - cci chief information officer summit, san francisco, california, september 11, 2015.
"living, working, un-learning in the exponential age" - corning corporate management talk, corning, new york, july 28, 2015.
"living in exponential times:  what is happening now?" - aspen institute/deloitte & touche roundtable on institutional innovation, aspen, colorado, july 19, 2015.
"living, working, un-learning in the exponential age" - corning corporate management talk, corning, new york, july 28, 2015.
"academic and industry engagement in civic innovation" - panel, city innovate summit,  san francisco, june 18, 2015.
bigthink  influencer breakfast speaker, june 18, 2015
closing remarks:  city innovate summit, june 17, 2015
 panel: asia vision 21, 2015:  "the age of service domination in the global economy" - june 6, 2015
keynote address: denmark's internet week - june 1, 2015
commencement speech - arizona state university, phoenix, arizona, may 11, 2015.
"the new culture of learning" - ontario library association super conference 2015, ontario, canada, january 30, 2015.
"cultivating resilient learners for the 21st century" - ucsb 30th anniversary of cits.  santa barbara, california, october 23, 2014.
"leveraging the edge" - iri member summit.  denver, colorado, october 14, 2014.
"leveraging the edge" - cci, inc., ceo roundtable.  santa clara, california, october 1, 2014.
"learning and leading in a world of constant change" - duke university corporate education at baker hughes.  austin, texas, september 11, 2014.
"learning and leading in a world of constant change" - deloitte cio academy.  deloitte university, dallas, texas, june 10, 2014.
"learning in the new normal" - duke university corporate education at cisco. santa clara, california, june 2, 2014.
olin college commencement speech.  needham, massachusetts, may 18, 2014.
"the big shift:  how we learn, work and innovate in a digital world" -  fung scholars leadership conference.  li & fung, shanghai, china, november, 23, 2013.
"community and the new culture of learning" - urban library council's partners for success 2013 conference. seattle, washington, november 12, 2013.
"learning and leading in a world of constant change:  the big shift changes everything" -duke university corporate education, ceo roundtable.  durham, north carolina, november 11, 2013.
"learning and leading in a world of constant change" -  deloitte next generation cio academy.  deloitte university, dallas, texas, november 4, 2013.
"reimagining learning for a world of constant change" - innovative learning conference:  shifting the paradigm.  the nueva gifted school conference, hillsborough, california,  october 18, 2013.
"reimagining learning for a world of constant change:  the 21st century entrepreneurial learner" -  aspen institute's aspen dialogue on public libraries working group, aspen, colorado, august 4, 2013
"preparing leaders for a world of constant change:  thinking in a world of constant flux as entrepreneurial learners" - markle initiative for america's economic future in a networked world conference, aspen, colorado, july 29, 2013.
 singapore management university 2013 commencement speech  - singapore, july 25, 2013.
"the big shift: rethinking innovation, learning and work in a pull-based economy (vs. a push-based economy)" - aspen institute's socrates seminar on innovation and techology, aspen, colorado, july 5, 2013.
"a new culture of learning for a world of constant change:  edge dwellers and entrepreneurial learners" - harvard's learning innovations laboratory summit, cambridge, massachusetts, june 12, 2013.
"reimagining learning for a world of constant change:  the 21st century entrepreneurial learner" - aspen institute task force on learning and the internet, washington dc, 
              june 10, 2013.
"reimagining learning for a world of constant change:  the 21st century entrepreneurial learner" - department of education/macarthur foundation reimagining education summit, washington dc, may 28, 2013.
"a new culture of learning for a world of constant change:  entrepreneurial learners" - american society for training and development's international conference 2013, dallas, texas, may 21, 2013.
"a new culture of learning for a world of constant change:  the entrepreneurial learner in 2028" - newschools venture fund summit 2013, san francisco, california, may 1, 2013.
"the big shift – working, learning and identity in exponential times" - american express global senior management summit, new york, new york, february 26, 2013.

              "innovating innovation:  accelerating value creation and learning - the big shift" - north carolina state university transformation conference, raleigh, north carolina, february 25, 2013.

              "new culture of learning:  cultivating the imagination and play in a world of constant change" - brain & learning:  creative brains conference, san francisco, california, february 16, 2013.

              "public, not public:  making humanities count" - panel, university of california, irvine, irvine, california, january 23, 2013.

              "new culture of learning  - cultivating imagination for a world of constant change" - professional lecture, national institute of education, singapore, november 22, 2012

              "scalable learning in the networked age" - seminar for national institute of education, singapore, november 21, 2012.

              "reimagining healthcare from an ecosystemic perspective" - amia 2012 annual symposium, chicago, illinois, november 4, 2012.

              " a new culture of learning:  the entrepreneurial learner in the network age" - humber polytech summit, humber college, toronto, canada, october 25, 2012.

              " a new culture of learning:  cultivating imagination for a world of constant change" - educational computer organization of ontario annual conference, ontario, canada, october 25, 2012.
"entrepreneurial learner:  a new culture of learning considers knowledge management in the network age" - km world 2012, washington dc, october 17, 2012.
"changing how we think about and lead change:  20th century push economy --- 21st century pull economy" - association of research libraries fall forum, washington dc, october 12, 2012.

              "cyberlearning infrastructures – building human and technological capacity" - panel, wireless edtech conference, washington dc, october 11, 2012

              "cultivating the imagination:  creating the resourceful, resilient learner" - plp live:  inspire. connect. shift conference, philadelphia, pennsylvania, september 28, 2012
"reimagining learning for the 21st century:  disruptions and opportunities - push --pull"- president's roundtable for pearson learning solutions, half moon bay, california, september 26, 2012.

              "the human side of the social enterprise" - the cco and the social enterprise, the arthur w. page society, san francisco, california, september 11, 2012.

              "new models of learning, new modes of engagement - cultivating resilient learners, designers and researchers for the 21st century"-champlain college active learning conference, montreal, canada, june 4, 2012.

              "a new culture of learning:  cultivating imagination for a world of constant change" - university of colorado, colorado springs, colorado, may 21, 2012.

              "a new culture of learning:  cultivating imagination for a world of constant change" - interactivity 2012:  the wonder of learning:  association of children's museum, portland, oregon, may 10, 2012.

              "the new rules of innovation and corporate ingenuity:  adapting to a changing world" - panel, milken institute global summit 2012, beverly hills, california, may 1, 2012.
"shaping strategies & big shift: 21st century push economy → 21st century pull economy: bringing coherence to a world of constant flux" - digital entertainment group executive summit, beverly hills, california, april 10, 2012.

              "cultivating the entrepreneurial learner for the 21st century" - digital media & learning conference 2012, san francisco, california, march 1, 2012.

              "new models of learning, new modes of engagement - cultivating resilient learners, designers and researchers for the 21st century"- delange conference viii:  the future of the research university, rice university, houston, texas, february 27, 2012.

              "cultivating imagination for a world of constant change" - nueva gifted school conference, hillsborough, california, october 21, 2011

              "technology in the human context" - a purpose driven company series, opentext conference, san francisco, california, october 18, 2011.

              "a new culture of learning for a world of constant change" - internet librarian and digital strategy summit, monterey, california, october 17, 2011.

              "a new culture of learning:  cultivating imagination for a world of constant change" - civil service college of singapore, singapore, september 23, 2011.

              "ubicomp - mark weiser - parc" - panel at ubicomp 2011, beijing, china, september 20, 2011.

              "enacting the future - the entrepreneurial leader" - the churchill club, san jose, california,
              september 16, 2011.

              "preparing leaders for a world of constant change" - the conference board, chicago, illinois, september 15, 2011.

              "the future may be cloudy, but needn't be hazy - prepare now" - chief information officers summit, santa clara, california, august 19, 2011.

              "higher education & the changing game of innovation" - national governor's association annual meeting, salt lake city, utah, july 15, 2011.
commencement speech  -stanford university department of communication,stanford, california, 
              june 12, 2011.

              "cultivating the  imagination in a world of constant change" - forum for the future of  higher education, aspen, colorado, june 8, 2011.

              "collaborative  innovation and the pull economy" - wharton school's impact conference:  face of innovation: next challenges for practice, philadelphia,  pennsylvania,  june 3, 2011.

              commencement speech -  illinois institute of technology, chicago, illinois, may 14, 2011.

              institute of design,  strategy conference - illinois institute of technology, chicago, illinois,
              may 13, 2011.

              "the power of pull:  how smart moves, smartly made, can set big things in motion" - axway  connections 2011 conference, scottsdale, arizona, may 12, 2011.

              "a new culture of  learning for a world of constant change" - webinar, calgary board of  education, march 11, 2011.

              "changing the game  through the power of pull" - codev 2011 conference, scottsdale, arizona, 
              january 26, 2011.

              "a new culture of  learning - cultivating the imagination in a world of constant change" -  public lecture, kelvin grove, university of queensland, australia, november 26,  2010.

              "the shift index and  its implication for higher education" - vice chancellor's forum for senior  leadership, queensland university of technology, brisbane, australia, november  26, 2010.

              "research on the edge  - high payoffs but risky" - ozchi 2010 conference on human computer  interaction, australian national university, canberra, australia, november 24,  2010.

              "open  source, open learning and co-creation the next chi practice"- panel  discussion, ozchi 2010 conference on human computer interaction, australian  national university, canberra, australia, november 24, 2010.
"big  ideas - pathways for efficacy" - rudd family foundation big ideas @  berkeley, university of california, berkeley, california, november 18, 2010.
"a  new culture of learning in a world of constant change" - devlearn 2011  conference, san francisco, california, november 3, 2010.
"creating  a new culture of learning for a world of constant flux" - usc, institute  for creative technologies open house, los angeles, california, october 28,  2010.
panel  for the forum on global technology, annual meeting of the u.s. national academy  of engineering, washington dc, october 4, 2010.
"the  new culture of learning in a world of constant flux" - convocation,  georgetown university, washington, dc, september 7, 2010.
"the power of  pull:  a platform approach to  learning"- gov 2.0, washington, dc,
               september 7, 2010.
"forging ahead:  navigating the new normal/ thriving in a world of flux"  burton group catalyst conference - san diego, california, july 27, 2010.

"forging ahead:  navigating the new normal/ thriving in a world of flux"  burton group catalyst conference - prague, june 21, 2010.

"a new culture in a world of constant flux" - 2010 new media consortium conference, anaheim, california, june 12, 2010.

"learning in the digital age:  where engagement matters now more than ever" - 2010 teaching and learning with technology conference, maricopa community college, tempe, arizona, may 18, 2010.

"the power of pull: how  small moves, smartly made, can set big things in motion" - arizona state university, public lecture, tempe, arizona, may 17, 2010.

"exploiting emerging platforms:  moving from push to pull" - strategic news service, fire conference, rancho palos verdes, california, may 12, 2010.

"collaborative innovation and a pull economy" - stanford university's entrepreneurial though leadership series, stanford, california, april 14, 2010.

"challenges and opportunities for universities in the 21st century" - university of rochester, rochester, new york, march 11, 2010.

"blended learning revisited:  info for the networked age" - macvicar day, mit, boston, massachusetts, march 10, 2010.

 “learning in the digital   age” – memphis city schoool’s mid-south technology conference,   memphis, tennessee, december 9, 2009. 
“the big shift: clouds,   “pull” and the changing nature of business innovation” – gartner’s   application, architecture development and integration summit, las vegas,   nevada, december 8, 2009.
“the social basis of scalable   learning in the digital age” – 19th annual pegasus conference,   now more than ever:  critical skills for courageous organizations,   november 4, 2009.
“the big shift: the emerging   logic of the 21st century” – frontiers in service conference,   honolulu, hawaii, october 30, 2009
“how to connect technology   and passion in the service of learning in the digital age” – tech   it up international 2009 conference, kamloops, canada, october 24, 2009.
“leading the creative enterprise”   – coach k leadership conference, duke university, raleigh, north carolina,   october 20, 2009.
“learning models and supplementation.    twice exceptional learners, trends in the 21st century”   – nueva school gifted learning conference, hillsborough, california,   october 16, 2009.
“the big shift” – center   for corporate    ceo summit, san jose, california, september   30, 2009.
“the entrepreneur and the   cloud – silicon valley rejuvenated, singapore coming of age” –   sprie silicon valley leadership forum, stanford, california, september   24, 2009.
“re-imaging dewey in the   21st century and the questing dispostion” – 21st   century learning conference, university of calgary, calgary, canada,   august 21, 2009.
“learning  in the digital age” – 2009 annual midwest regional conference on the  scholarship of teaching and learning, south    bend, indiana, 3  april 2009.

              “learning  in the digital age” – edward c. moore symposium on teaching excellence, indiana  university/purdue university, indianapolis,   indiana, 2 april 2009.

              “learning  in the digital age” – scholarship of teaching and learning conference, indiana university,  bloomington, indiana, 2 april 2009.

              “innovation  in the open environment” – open forum for higher education executives, palm springs, california,  8 december 2008.

              “organizational  design and the netgen gamer” – ngenera talent 2.0 conference, orlando, florida,  20 november 2008.

              “some  thoughts about graduate education in the 21st century” – usc joint provost/academic senate retreat on  innovative approaches to ph.d. education, santa monica, california, 7  november 2008.  

              “constructing  the tacit in work and play” – western  behavioral sciences institute’s, international leadership forum, la jolla, california,  5 november, 2008.

              “embracing  a world of constant change and re-thinking the workspace for the 21st  century” – deloitte & touche,  technology media and telecommunications summit,  phoenix, arizona,  6 october 2008. 
“innovating innovation – transforming the  accelerating pace of change from a challenge to an opportunity” –  singtel’s i.luminate 2008, singapore, 24 september 2008. 

“media 2.0 – welcome to the 21st  century” – singapore  press holdings conference, singapore, 23 september 2008.

“web 2.0 to learning 2.0:  key to net-gen  work force” – gartner’s portals, content and collaboration  summit, anaheim, california, 19 september 2008.

“the spirit of entrepreneurism and the gaming  disposition” - singapore management university’s  ijam 2008, singapore,  1 september 2008.

“learning and literacy in the digital age”  – willamette university, salem,   oregon, 26 august 2008.
“teaching, learning and technology:  past, present and future” – uc systemwide 21st century  conference, uc davis, davis,   california, 20 june 2008. 
“ learning 2.0:   striving for new forms of productivity, leveraging the social basis of  learning and the net” – moodle moot 2008,  san francisco, california, 10 june 2008.
“institutional innovation“ – institute of design’s strategy conference, chicago, illiniois, 22 may 2008.
“the expanding roles for the cio in a rapidly changing  world” – crito’s cio roundtable, uc  irvine, irvine, california, 31 march 2008.
“innovating innovation:  a social dynamic perspective: - mitre corporation senior staff and corporate  officers, mclean, virginia, 10 march 2008.
“born digital, learning differently” – csula’s teaching the 21st century  student:  technology, information  literacy and student learning, los    angeles, california,  29 february 2008.
“born digital, learning differently” – american council on education’s 90th  annual conference, san diego,   california, 12  february 2008.
“envisioning the future of diy” – panel discussion, diy conference, usc, 9 february 2008.
“state of research”  – panel discussion, diy conference,  usc, 8 february 2008.
“nsfnet:  impact  on teaching and learning” – nsfnet:  the partnership that changed the world:  an event celebrating 20 years of internet  invention and progress, arlington, virginia, 30 november 2007.
“the future of ocw and education” – panel discussion, mit ocw conference:   unlocking knowledge, empowering minds:   a milestone celebration, boston,   massachusetts, 28 november 2007.
“learning 2.0:   new modes of learning and scholarship” – open university’s open learn conference, milton keynes, england,  31 october 2007.
“life in the networked age:  technology, science, and society” – res advisory board roundtable, avignon, france,  12 october 2007.
“learning 2.0 – new modes of learning and scholarship”  – colgate university’s celebration of  case library and geyer center for information technology, colgate  university, hamilton, new york, 5 october 2007.
“born digital:   new leaders, new leadership models” –  new paradigm e 2.0 conference, napa    valley, california,  18 september 2007.
contact 
              me 


 

 


branding: christiansarkar.com 








  


  


