


hip | we are high pressure | a leader in high pressure products


































































about 


products 




valves, fittings & tubing

 taper seal valves, fittings and tubing
 npt valves, fittings and tubing
 medium pressure valves, fittings 
and tubing
 high pressure valves, fittings and tubing
 ultra high pressure valves, fittings and tubing
 air operated valves
 ball valves and subsea ball valves
 relief valves
 block and bleed needle valves
 oil & gas products
 hydrogen products
 accessories
 standard & custom manifolds
 industrial valves
 tooling
 extreme temperature valves
 valve information





pump products and systems

 t-series high performance air-driven pumps
 sprague air driven pumps
 sprague gas boosters
 packaged power systems
 hydraulic intensifiers: 150,000 psi
 manual pressure pump generators





reactors & pressure vessels

 reactor selection guide
 oc series o-ring seal reactors
 confined gasket closure reactors
 bolted closure reactors
 clover leaf reactors
 series r reactors o-ring closure
 tubular series reactor
 series ms micro reactors
 series mb reactors





staffordshire hydraulics

 bolt-tensioning power packs
 air-driven hydro-test power packs
 bespoke pressure equipment
 accessories and chart recorders
 pressure testing facility
 on-site service & support
 contact us





tech support


technical support
documentation request
coning and threading instructions
conversion tables
flow coefficients
recommended torque
volumetric flow rate
pressure ratings
technical manuals



contact us

 distributors














valves, fittings & tubing
industry leading family of high pressure products from 5,000 to 150,000 psi








reactors & pressure vessels
over 250 standard reactor designs for bench-scale and pilot plant applications








pumps, intensifiers & gas boosters
components and systems for a wide range of elevated pressure applications








oil & gas products
valves, fittings & tubing for this market's unique challenges, including sour oil & gas (h2s)








hydrogen products
a complete line of standard hydrogen valves, fittings & tubing













product spotlight







hydrogen products
_____


											over the last ten years, hip has produced tens of thousands of valves and fittings for hydrogen applications. as demand has continued to increase, we have committed the resources to develop a complete line of standard products for use with hydrogen, all either in stock or available with short lead-times.
										


learn more











t-series pump power packs
_____


											hip packaged hydraulic power systems using our new high performance t-series pumps are an excellent method to deliver high pressure hydraulic power to your field location. these turn-key systems only require a non-lubricated air supply to generate hydraulic power up to 68,000 psi and are designed for plain water or oil service.
										


learn more











standard & custom manifolds
_____


											high pressure equipment designs and manufactures standard and custom pressure manifolds to meet nearly any specific installation, layout and pressure requirement. hip pressure manifolds are an excellent option to minimize space requirements and reduce the installation time necessary to plumb a pressure system.
										


learn more






what's new





new hip catalogs







air driven pump product configurator







engineering step files











hip...our name is high pressure
high pressure valves, fittings and tubing manufactured to the highest quality standards,
								delivered with the shortest lead times, and priced to make you money… it’s been the
								focus at hip throughout our 65 year history. this unwavering commitment to our loyal
								customers is the driving force behind our ongoing growth, most recently demonstrated
								by our passing the 4 million high pressure valves and fittings shipped milestone!
																
today, we feature a broad product portfolio capable of handling pressures up to
								150,000 psi and carry an extensive inventory allowing us to offer same day shipping of
								many items. in addition to our high pressure valves, we offer a complete line of reactors and
								pressure vessels and a recently expanded family of pumping systems and generators.
								and if you have special requirements, such as exotic alloys and custom
								manifolds, our technical/engineering team will help you find the ideal solution.
								

								hip is an iso 9001 certified company and a preferred supplier within diverse markets such as
								waterjet cutting and cleaning, oil and gas, chemical and petrochemical, research and development,
								university, government, and general industry.
 learn more  







0



cart




subtotal:
$0.00















contact us
high pressure equipment co. 2955 west 17th street erie, pennsylvania 16505
1-800-289-7447 fax: 814-838-6075  email: sales@highpressure.com        
					pumpsales@highpressure.com



graco oil & gas division

staffordshire hydraulics services
hydraulic power packs and custom testing units

graco inc.
chemical injection pumps








latest news







							hip announces discontinuation of etensifier and pt2020 pump controller						

							dear valued customer,
effective immediately, high…









							hip announces discontinuation of astragauge product family						

							erie, pa - may 21, 2024
effective immediately, high…









							deep dive into hydrostatic test pumps now available!						

							at hip, we're always eager to share knowledge and insights…





see all news stories click here






useful links


material certificates
privacy policy
step files

price lists
request a price list





products




						valves, fittings & tubing					




						pump products and systems					




						reactors & pressure vessels					




						staffordshire hydraulics					







high pressure equipment company ©
		2025 all rights reserved.  | privacy policy


 










×











×
search




enter your search term or part number here:



go!












×
coning and threading instructions



coming soon.








×
step files for hip | we are high pressure





to view these files, you must register for a password. if you have received a password, please enter it below. if not, register here.



email address



password


submit

loading...












