





















police | brunswick ga








    skip to main content
  







presidents' day closure - monday, february 17











toggle navigation

















close navigation



brunswick, ga, usa













governmentyour governmentgovernment overviewmayorcity commissionerselectionsmunicipal codeelected representativesopen records requestboards & commissionsall boards & commissionsminutes & agendashospital authorityplanning & appeals commissionhousing authorityland bankhistorycity historyhall of mayorssignature squaresglynn county historyafrican american historybrunswick encyclopediademographicsdepartmentsadministrationoffice of the city manageroffice of the city clerkcity attorneyhuman resourcesinformation technologyfinancetax departmentcommunity servicespublic works / engineeringgarbage & recyclingneighborhood & community servicespublic safetyemergency managementfirepolicemunicipal courtdeputy city marshaldevelopmentplanning, development, and codesrecreation & parkseconomic developmentdisaster recoverydowntown development authorityhistoric ritz theaterbusinessmake paymentsbids, rfps, & rfqsforms & applicationspermits & licensesalcohol licensescity projectsproperties directorydevelopment opportunitiesapply for a jobplanning an eventcemetery informationdocument centercommunityliving hereresident portaleducationneighborhood planning assemblyglynn county servicesvolunteerutilitiesgarbage & recyclingwater & sewergeorgia powercome explorethings to dofoodiesspecial eventsparks and trails directoryconvention & visitors bureaucenterssenior centerrecreation centerglynn county recreation complexinformationhow do i...information centercontact / staff directorycity calendarnews & announcementsemergenciesse georgia hospitalservice requestreport a crimecode red



_header links










facebook












x






help












home


















your search


 departments & committees


 type


 event date














breadcrumb


home















police





toggle menu







police








background
the brunswick police department strives to be an innovative and progressive organization in order to meet the changing demands of the city. the department keeps the city safe through education, community partnerships, and community oriented policing. the brunswick police department recently achieved state recertification as awarded by the georgia association of chiefs of police (gacp). the georgia law enforcement certification program, administered by the gacp, helps agencies throughout georgia ensure that they are compliant with best practices and that the agency meets established professional standards. the brunswick police department is proud to be one of the 138 state certified law enforcement agencies in georgia, and has maintained certification since 2015.  
chief of police
kevin jones was sworn in as the chief of brunswick police on march 12, 2015. he began his career with the department in 1995 as a patrol officer.  he has extensive experience in various divisions within the department including criminal investigations, support services, marine patrol, and honor guard. during tenure with the brunswick police department, chief jones has served in various roles such as detective, s.w.a.t. team commander, hostage negotiator, internal affairs officer, marine patrol, and honor guard. chief jones is a georgia p.o.s.t. certified general instructor and firearms instructor. thanks to his interest in history, chief jones has worked to preserve departmental artifacts and has been instrumental in ensuring that the final resting places of the department's fallen officers are cared for and are remembered by the community. chief jones was the recipient of the "act of heroism" award from the georgia chiefs of police association in 2002 and has received two lifesaving awards. 
mission, vision, values
 
mission
to provide quality law enforcement services using proactive enforcement, community partnerships, problem solving and technology which creates a safe, secure and desirable living and working environment for the citizens, visitors and business community of brunswick, georgia.
vision
the city of brunswick police department will strive to be a premier agency noted for integrity, professional law enforcement, community policing, and innovative crime fighting.
values
in support of our vision, the following principles will guide our day-to-day behavior and decision-making. we will be:

ethical
respectful
professional
community-oriented
performance driven














 






employment information


we are actively hiring for the position of police officer. full time candidates do not need to be law enforcement certified. part-time candidates must be post certified, in good standing, and have verifiable on the road experience!
the brunswick police department needs…

read more









 






crime statistics


crime reportingthe fbi’s uniform crime reporting (ucr) program is a nationwide, cooperative statistical effort of more than 18,000 city, university and college, county, state, tribal, and federal law enforcement agencies voluntarily reporting data on crimes brought to their…

read more









 






community programs


one of the long-time core strategies of the brunswick police department is to promote partnerships with the citizens of brunswick through positive outreach. the department works to engage our community in a dialog though programs such as neighborhood watch, the youth cop summer program,…

read more









 






history


the brunswick police department has a long tradition of providing protection of lives and property to the citizens of the city of brunswick. the department has the primary responsibility for enforcing city ordinances as well as state traffic and criminal laws within the city.
under the…

read more











view pdf






top




top












about the police department

about the police department





history of the brunswick police department

history of the brunswick police department




honor roll




police officers memorial




policeman’s prayer








commend an officer





community programs

community programs




community policing initiative







employment information

employment information




job portal




recruitment






crime statistics




faqs




private property accidents




forms




how a citizen may make a complaint




pay a ticket




quick links




submit a tip




record expungement







contact information





phone number
912-267-5559 (non-emergency) | report an accident/incident/officer needed - 24 hours a day | emergency - dial 911


email
contact group


fax number
912-267-5526


office hours
monday – friday, 8am – 5pm
(please note: this mailbox is not monitored 24 hours a day. you may not receive a reply until the next business day.)














 




 angela l. smith 
 interim chief  
 912-279-2608 
 email 






 matthew wilson 
 police captain-patrol services  
 912-280-1213 
 email 




view all listings












601 gloucester st.
brunswick, ga 31520



        city hall (912) 267-5500
      
public works (912) 267-3703
police (912) 267-5559
fire (912) 267-5546





city links


jobs


contact us


make payments


city departments


bids, rfps, rfqs


community tour


garbage & recycling


meetings & agendas


forms & applications


floodsmart & vendors


news & announcements




local resources


glynn county schools


jekyll island authority


se georgia health system


glynn county government


coastal regional commission


brunswick-glynn public library


golden isles development authority


georgia ports authority - brunswick


golden isles convention and visitors bureau


brunswick-glynn water/sewer commission


brunswick-golden isles chamber of commerce








utility links menu


home


accessibility


sitemap


contact us


staff login










government websites by civicplus®













