













home - accutronics












































































off-the-shelf products

non-rechargeable cells
non-rechargeable battery packs
rechargeable battery packs
chargers & power supplies
cables & accessories
mobile power kits


custom battery and/or charger

battery customisation
charger customisation


brands

ultralife
inspired energy
southwest electronic energy (swe)
excell battery
entellion


markets

government and defence
medical and healthcare
industrial
safety and security
robotics and internet-of-things
oil and gas; and subsea


global locations
contact
 



















          the uk's leading battery and charger company for mission critical applications        

          whatever your development budget and timescales, accutronics can deliver a power solution to give your device a competitive advantage        
learn more







        battery and charger solutions you can trust      

accutronics is a leading battery and charger design, development and manufacturing company for highperformance portable and handheld electronic devices, specialising in the development and manufacture of ‘smart batteries’.
medical device, defence & security, industrial electronics, portable electronic device and robotics oems worldwide rely on our expertise to integrate the latest cell technology, electronic fuel gauging, active safety systems and innovative enclosure designs to power the next generation of rechargeable battery powered devices. our class leading, high energy density smart battery technology enables oems to make portable devices smaller, lighter and safer.
our custom battery and charger design and manufacturing service integrates seamlessly into oem device development, entellion products are smart, innovative portable power products, designed to meet the emerging needs of feature-laden devices in professional markets and are created and manufactured by accutronics. we are also sole distributor for the wide range of inspired energy standard smart batteries, chargers and accessories.
accutronics seek to develop strategic long term customer partnerships built on joint commitment and strive to develop superior battery and charger solutions for our customers that deliver:

safety and performance
reliability
functionality
commercial value










non-rechargeable cells
non-rechargeable cells are invaluable in devices where charging is either impractical or impossible. our non-rechargeable cells offer low self-discharge and a wide operating temperature range. there are cells available to serve applications from low rate to high rate.
more info/view products




non-rechargeable battery packs
many of our off-the-shelf non-rechargeable battery packs have been built with government and defence in mind. however, we can also manufacture custom primary packs to serve other markets where power failure is not an option.
more info/view products




rechargeable battery packs
our rechargeable battery packs utilise world-leading chemistries to serve a diverse range of power requirements. the majority of packs contain lithium-ion chemistry, with lithium iron phosphate used as a replacement for sealed lead acid.
more info/view products




chargers & power supplies
we manufacture a wide range of chargers from desktop to embeddable. chargers are designed to complement our off-the-shelf or custom rechargeable battery packs and mobile power kits.
more info/view products




cables & accessories
our cables allow you to use our batteries effectively. adapters serve a multitude of functions, whilst connectors afford users maximum control over their batteries.
more info/view products







our brands












 



latest news & development






            ultralife corporation to exhibit at 2025 shot show            

            ultralife corporation, a global manufacturer of portable power solutions and communications systems for defense, industrial, safety and security, and medical applications, will exhibit at the shot show from january 21 to 24, 2025. this annual event, held in las vegas, nevada, is a large trade show for recreational shooting, defense, and law enforcement industries. ultralife will join over 2,700 exhibitors to showcase its range of battery packs, cells, and communications systems. visitors can meet the team at booth 43456.            

              learn more
            






            join 85% of top medtech companies in ireland            

            leading manufacturer of high-performance medical power solutions, accutronics ltd, will showcase its latest innovations at medical technology ireland. the event, held at galway racecourse from september 25-26, 2024, is recognised as one of europe’s largest medical device design and manufacturing shows. visitors can find accutronics at stand l15, where the company will display an array of off-the-shelf and custom batteries and chargers that meet the rigorous demands of the medical and healthcare sectors.            

              learn more
            






            ultralife brings battery breakthroughs to ace water conference 2024            

            global battery manufacturer, ultralife corporation, will be exhibiting at the upcoming ace water conference, taking place on june 11-13, 2024, at the anaheim convention center in anaheim, california, usa. visitors can find ultralife at booth 1149, where the company will showcase its latest advancements in battery technology for water-related applications, including water meters and leak sensors.            

              learn more
            






            new nestable cart with ultralife power launches at himss24            

            battery manufacturer ultralife corporation has joined forces with “workstation-on wheels (wow)” cart manufacturer karta in launching a new medical cart and power solution at himss24, running from march 12-14, 2024 at the orange county convention center in orlando, florida.            

              learn more
            






            making waves with cutting-edge power solutions            

            global leader in portable power solutions for the subsea and oil and gas industries, ultralife corporation, will bring its range of cutting-edge battery technologies to subsea expo, which takes place on 20-22 february 2024 at p&j live in aberdeen.  the company will be on stand 94, highlighting the importance of choosing the right batteries for use underwater and in pipelines.            

              learn more
            








get in touch
accutronics is a leading provider of advanced, highest quality power solutions to customers across the globe in markets such as government & defence, medical, safety & security, energy, industrial and robotics.
accutronics ltd
unit 20 loomer road
chesterton
newcastle-under-lyme
staffordshire
st5 7lb
united kingdom
office hours (time in uk)
monday to thursday:
0745 hrs to 1630 hrs
friday:
0745 hrs to 1215 hrs
saturday & sunday:
closed
general enquiries
email: info[at]accutronics.co.uk
sales & existing customer enquiries
email: sales[at]accutronics.co.uk
email: custserv[at]accutronics.co.uk
technical support
email: tech[at]accutronics.co.uk




if you are interested in our products and services please use the form below to contact us. or call us on +44 1782 566688

	notice: javascript is required for this content.















 accutronics ltd (an ultralife company)
unit 20, loomer road
chesterton
newcastle-under-lyme
staffordshire
united kingdom
st5 7lb
tel: +44 (0) 1782 566622

 

about
blog
events
brochures
whitepapers
handouts
‘iso’ certificates and policies
 

delivery
returns
terms & conditions
terms & conditions of purchase
privacy policy
terms of use
take back scheme
 



view our twitter accountview our instagram accountview our facebook accountview our linkedin account 







 © 2024 accutronics. all rights reserved

 









we are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website. our policy is compliant with google's consent mode v2.
you can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.



accept
reject

 










































change cookie settings







close gdpr cookie settings






 


privacy overview




strictly necessary cookies




3rd party cookies




powered by  gdpr cookie compliance

 








privacy overview

this website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.





strictly necessary cookies

strictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.




enable or disable cookies










if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.







3rd party cookies

this website uses google analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.




enable or disable cookies










please enable strictly necessary cookies first so that we can save your preferences!












enable all
save settings

 






























 








