


home

























the aviation business center serving delaware, columbus            and central ohio 














homefaa medical examsdelaware airport (dlz)aircraft storageoffice spacecontact usphoto gallerylinksjcc construction 1jcc construction 2commander travels 1commander travels 2commander travels 3cirrus travelsjetstream toy barn
















the jetstream corporate center



















the jetstream
                        corporate center




opened in october of 2005, the jetstream corporate center offers an attractive alternative for the business traveler to the greater
                        columbus and central ohio areas. located
                        at the delaware municipal airport (dlz), the center has a 16,000 square foot (160' x 100') clear
                        span lighted and heated hangar with a 80' x 18' door. the two wings of office space flanking the hangar area consist of 24
                        individually leased office spaces totalling 6,400 square feet. the offices are each fully wired for cable television, multiple
                        phone lines and high speed broadband internet. wireless internet is also available throughout the center. the office areas offer a common lounge area, flight planning room and restrooms
                        with shower facilties. the jetstream corporate
                        center is home to these businesses:john schoettmer md, aviation medical examiner: performing class 1, 2 and 3 aviation physicals (by appointment
                        only) on site at dlz. 614-746-5214  fax:740-369-6575spencer aviation inc: full service flight instruction.         
                                   
                        614-599-1025 or www.flyspenceraviation.com.


there are many advantages associated with
                        the delaware municipal airport (dlz): for the business traveler, the airport is conveniently located with easy access to delaware
                        county and the north and northwest sectors of columbus. there are no departure delays or traffic jams at dlz. for the corporate
                        or general aviation pilot, there is the 5,800 foot runway (lengthened in 2016), waas precision approach, awos and substantially
                        lower fuel costs when compared to other fields serving greater columbus (for a comparison of fuel prices, go to http://www.airnav.com and enter dlz). for the entrepreneur wishing to do business at dlz, the vital statistics of delaware county couldn't be better.
                        of the six counties that comprise the columbus mean statistical area (msa), delaware county has been the fastest growing for 20
                        years and remains so. it boasts the highest per capita income and greatest employment growth from 1990 to 2016. with the growth
                        of the columbus-delaware corridor and the recent opening of sawmill parkway, dlz is poised to become a business
                        aviation center for northwest metro columbus. for more information on dlz please go to the appropriate tab on this website
                        or check out the dlz website at: www.delawareohio.net/departments/airport.for further information or inquiries, please use the "contact us" tab at the upper left. the jetstream corporate center: we mean business!























