

  






animal sculptures by prize winning sculptress joel




































homebronzesculpturecompanion animal statues and sculptureshorse sculpture in bronzedog sculpture in bronzebird sculpture in bronzewild animals in bronzesculpture of peoplecommissionscommission a sculpturegarden sculpture -  design questionsabout joelcommission a sculpture portraitworkshopsmaking connections newscontact 






menu



follow us:











animal sculpture
celebration of life

do contact via  phone or e mail

bronze art for wide open spaces

sculpture features for intimate places 

making fine art bronze sculpture that delights and inspires - 
celebrating our lives, birds and gardens.

 swallow flight -  spectacular joy - bronze bird sculpture garden installation
the sculptress joel walker specialises in detailed figurative sculptures. and portraits of animals and people. from table top sculpture to life sized statues.

sculpture and statues are made with research and care to achieve a likeness and accuracy. the works of art by joel have become much loved gifts, family heirlooms  and inspiration in the landscape.
for more information about commissions and sculpture installations contact joel
east of the sun and west of the moon
on display at beaulieu in 2023 to celebrate life and the wonder of swifts traveling so far to make their homes with us.
now on show at the beautiful markshall arboretum in their sculpture trail.

and more about the project here
bronze statue in the public realm

bronze dog statue - ruswarp the collie by sculptress joel
private commissions and public art
for peace of mind for those commissions and with client involvement through the project from design and throughout the making of the sculpture in clay by joel, this artist keeps all involved informed. for example she responds to the input of owners and breeders of animals, and the species specialists and further keeps others updated all through the casting process.
each client who commissions a sculpture portrait can see joel's work in progress and give input as to the details of character.

"it’s just like him, that’s his expression"


these artworks have become public and private statues that capture the history of lives lived and become inspiration for homes, offices, and unique interior and garden designs

"i've been longing to see the end result and wow!
you've done a great job"

joel's artworks are cast into bronze, steel and silver and she makes bespoke designs for large scale installations and features for the wider landscape. 
enquire about commissions and portrait sculpture here
joel is also a writer and recently has begun to incorporate carved words in stone as part of these designs.

portrait of champion dressage horse
 'how to commission a sculpture'
 



landscape feature celebrating swifts

the beautiful  design of a combination of swifts in flight together as a striking and inspiring feature for a garden or wider landscape


celebration of nature
 

swallow bronzes set against the sky
birds and nature conservation
in celebration of the form and beauty of birds joel has been making a series of bronze sculptures of different species.

"after all the hours spent to research and then to capture the beauty of birds and animals - it is grand to see the sculpture in public spaces and people inspired to  to help the survival of species and  to help in nature conservation"  says joel.

her sculptures and statues have been used directly to promote nature conservation, including the need to help the swift (apus apus).

bird sculpture shown to promote nature conservation
joel has been commissioned to make sculptures of certain species of birds by different clients for nature conservation projects and will be accepting more of such assignments each year. recently she has made a series of the long tailed tit and their behaviour.
in addition the artist is developing her own extra portfolio of sculpture that are available as unique combinations, and limited edition and numbered edition bronzes. these are made available through her online gallery and also at a key number of prestigious sculpture and art exhibitions each year.

swift bronzes

bronze swift among the lavender
designs for garden and landscape 
these sculptures have been designed, assembled and made unique by joel to become the lovely focal point for many public gardens and public events.
there are many examples here on www.animalsculpture.co.uk and many more to be seen in the on-line garden sculpture gallery

statues and sculptures  for exterior and interior spaces

wren, little owl, robin -  by sculptress joel
sculptures and statues of animals and birds make excellent features for the home, garden or landscape.

"the ideal gift for a special birthday, anniversary or wedding present"

as an example this swift sculpture was worked in the wax stage and made unique by joel, then cast in bronze, here are set in a landscape vista as a focal point above a lake.

pair of bronze swifts set in the landscape
 
making a beautiful wedding  and anniversary gift
more information - contact joel
below is the dramatic goldfinch flight of joy - five gold sings  bronzes with gold leaf applied by the artist.  here the work is in a more intimate setting of a herb garden. the sculpture of the birds provides added interest and leads the visitor on  through the gateway into the next zone of the garden.

five gold sings bronze birds by joel
thus the five bronze goldfinches - gold sings, in the garden, catches the morning light and helps create a place of peace and inspiration.
 
see more bird sculptures  including swans and kingfishers
 
making history - celebrating success & famous names
joel often undertakes commissions to commemorate a particular life or individual, or event.
equestrian subjects
one of a number of famous horses whose portrait sculpture has been made by joel, this is example is of a project to capture the likeness of the horse virtu for a dressage horse award.

dressage horse sculpture portrait

more equestrian sculptures and statues of horses, as well as trophies of ponies can be seen here.
 
latest portrait sculpture in 360

portrait sculpture of champion horse 
care and confidence
sculptress joel undertakes public and private  commissions including companion animals in bronze.

i usually work in a type of modeling clay that will not dry out and i can work fine detail into the surface.
this also means that clients and others can see the work in progress and make suggestions of how the portrait can be improved to achieve the character of the subject.

 
below, we can see various individual dog life-sized portrait sculptures as commissioned to joel. this form of portrait is often popular as the life-sized portrait head allows for lots of detail and character - but the work does not take up too much space as an indoor artwork.

bronze collie dog sculpture portraits, working cocker spaniel statue

cairn terrier bronze, and deer-hound life-sized head sculpture
joel has become famous for such detailed portraits of people and animals, where she not only achieves a close likeness, but also captures the special expression and life of the subject being celebrated.
below the portrait sculpture of a favourite labrador dog -  happy birthday!
here we have the  table top scale.

labrador happy  friend

"we are thrilled with the sculpture”

a few more companion animal portraits - set out as statues
statue of a pointer dog
a commission to commemorate a much loved, unique dog companion
statues of dogs to life size

life-sized pointer dog statue commission
consultation and study to allow the difference in the detail of the sculpture
time in research and input from clients helps make the difference in the sculptor achieving fine detail and accuracy of form and line – to bring that sense of movement and making of the character and essence of individuals recreated in sculpture.
the sculptress joel has over 30 years of experience as a professional sculptor and an earlier background in the study of animal form and behaviour and human biology and anatomy.

great loyalty - life-sized labrador dog statue
for limited edition numbers  and sculptures of different dog breeds are available - visit  dog sculpture by the sculptress joel 
commissioned by private individuals, societies, charities and local authorities the sculptress joel works to make detail and sense of movement and strength and conformation - whether for a dog sculpture portrait, a statue of a horse, or the sculptures of wild animals and birds.
she has a range of other limited edition bronze sculptures and statues available to buy from the gallery.
follow the links to see more dog sculptures, horse sculptures and pony sculptures, and other statues and figurines of companion animals.

lady godiva, shepherd's child and shakespeare
sculptures of people
joel has also been commissioned to make portrait sculptures of men women and children and statues of people   including some famous names.

close up of the bronze statue of lady godiva by joel
one client requested a statue to celebrate william shakespeare, and another commissioned the lovely design of a boy cradling a young lamb. a selection of these can be seen here, and some limited edition numbers may be available.
these sculptures can be scaled up to become statues for the garden and landscape, and designed to become a unique artwork for your project.

faith - boy with kite
sculptures of people by sculptress joel
 
commission - making it easy for you
joel has been commissioned to make sculpture of wild birds and animals for nature  conservation charities in the uk  including a handsome lost wax cast bronze sculpture of little owl sitting on a post...with a lot of surprises in the ivy.
below sculptures by joel and young fan

life sized lamb bronze and collie dog statue - having special attention
sculptures in the environment - links
statues and sculptures by joel make lovely features for open spaces, public or private places, in gardens as well as  for homes and offices. some are available from the gallery

turtle dove sculpture in famous national trust garden
celebrating nature - a bronze of two swifts swift flight  accent a wildflower garden and lift the spirits

for the collector and conservationist - young swift in bronze -  bronze animalier sculpture is so suitable for indoor room design and gifts as well as the garden and landscape.
bronze young swift in the hand

if you do not see the design you want, contact joel at the tenon studio for your own special sculpture.
 







swift home 


swift cloud garden landscape feature


bronze sculpture features - gifts for gardens


celebrating a very special dog companion


three bronze swallows 







february 2025
(1)




landscape feature celebrating swifts





december 2024
(1)




swift home 





november 2024
(2)




highland legend



swift from eye to hand





september 2024
(1)




studio news - sculpture commission





may 2024
(2)




celebrating swallows 



classic thoroughbred horse





april 2024
(1)




anniversary gift sculpture - wing to wing





march 2024
(1)




swift cloud garden landscape feature





february 2024
(1)




kingfisher bronze as a focus for a water feature





december 2023
(1)




for the love of...





august 2023
(1)




trophies of champions





july 2023
(1)




martins over a crescent moon





june 2023
(1)




swifts over cumulo nimbus cloud  





may 2023
(1)




bronze sculpture features - gifts for gardens





february 2023
(2)




celebrating a very special dog companion



millie update





june 2022
(1)




east of the sun  west of the moon





april 2022
(3)




transformation and celebration of life - the john clare wren



swift beauty in the garden



set in a beautiful garden





march 2022
(1)




the magnificent millie





december 2021
(1)




commission detail portrait sculpture





november 2021
(1)




kingfisher delight more about colour & startling bird 





october 2021
(1)




three bronze swallows 





september 2021
(2)




the celebration of milo



young swifts of 2021





july 2021
(2)




making of the startling bird from concept to exhibition



labrador pal





june 2021
(1)




the startling bird - ever light is held





april 2021
(1)




touching the moon





february 2021
(1)




wren family oak





january 2021
(1)




roe deer fawn sculpture





november 2020
(2)




love labradors and other working dogs



the famous bear gift





october 2020
(1)




gold indoors as a gift





july 2020
(1)




gold in the garden @ sculpture exhibition doddington hall 2020





june 2020
(1)




the beautiful summer wings





april 2020
(2)




sculptures of favourite birds - the long tailed tit



new bird sculpture designs





march 2020
(1)




commission portrait sculpture





september 2019
(1)




video clips of the making of the horse sculpture





august 2019
(1)




gold finch gold sings flies away to new home





july 2019
(4)




bronze sculpture little & large



homes for nature installation artwork



celebration of nature & poetry of john clare



commission of a horse sculpture





may 2019
(1)




celebrating life in nature





april 2019
(1)




changing views sculpture in the garden





march 2019
(1)




what is hatching for new season exhibition





february 2019
(1)




lost wax bronze casting >how come?





january 2019
(2)




fabulous combinations of tone and texture



moth mission impossible?





september 2018
(1)




making decisions in bronze





july 2018
(2)




sculptures promote nature conservation 



sculptures of swifts in the nest





june 2018
(1)




new wrenlings hatched!





may 2018
(2)




celebrating birth with the wren babies



commission of a portrait sculpture





december 2017
(1)




robins the kiss





november 2017
(4)




brightening up the winter



making the gift personal



the privilege of living and working with beautiful animals



bronze sculpture gift or your own commission





september 2017
(2)




robin sculpture in progress target christmas gift



birthday gift revealed





august 2017
(5)




delighted to be @dottygallery with lesley harris



moss rescue for mossy tops



equestrian sculpture in bronze



favourite dog portrait  sculpture of head in bronze



bronze wren for birthday gift





july 2017
(2)




sculpture in the landscape exhibition



finding a focal feature





june 2017
(4)




swift  #swifts #swifts ! in bronze



more bronze swifts find new home



swift bronze garden feature installation



secret success of the special gift





january 2017
(1)




stepping out from stone





december 2016
(3)




bronze little owl &  moss to celebrate conserving invertebrates



love labradors best gift



brightened spaces & greening places





october 2016
(1)




bronze swift sculpture celebration





august 2016
(1)




overseas delivery of special birthday labrador bronze





september 2015
(1)




life sized statue of lovely labrador dog to be cast in bronze





june 2015
(1)




faith in bronze





march 2015
(2)




faith  finished in clay



leaping into forever





december 2014
(1)




bronze horse presentation gift





september 2014
(1)




faith - the boy and kite - in the making





august 2014
(1)




hope figurine bronze





june 2014
(1)




hope figurine





december 2013
(1)




commission portrait sculpture of lovely spaniel





november 2013
(1)




sculptures for the garden and open spaces





september 2013
(3)




bronze life sized statue of favourite dog - the labrador retriever



new bronze swallows take wing at garden exhibition



thoroughbred horse bronze makes trophy





august 2013
(2)




celebrating the osprey



bronze sculpture portraits continue 





june 2013
(1)




labrador news  - bronze labradors making great gifts





may 2013
(2)




bronze dogs - labrador portrait head



bronze bird sculptures - the swallow in flight





march 2013
(2)




table top portrait of five special dog friends



commission of a life sized statue





february 2013
(1)




sculptures in the gallery












bronzesculpturecompanion animal statues and sculptureshorse sculpture in bronzedog sculpture in bronzebird sculpture in bronzewild animals in bronzesculpture of peoplecommissionscommission a sculpturegarden sculpture -  design questionsabout joelcommission a sculpture portraitworkshopsmaking connections newscontact 








contact joel for information about commissioning a sculpture


privacy policy





email: studio@animalsculpture.co.uk


telephone: +44(0) 1664 454987


follow us:











animalsculpture.co.uk © 2025


premium hosting by weiohost







