























about



company overview




contact information




careers




business partners




our consultants





billing


consulting



products and services offered




audits and appeals facts: who’s looking?




why are they looking?




what you need to know




we can help




our approach




legal advantage program





news


software



prestige software product line




prestige epcr




prestige billing







contact






log in





 

username:





password:








remember me





forgot password
 login



terms of use


























                    welcome to ems consultants
                




                would you like to be considered the ems provider of choice in your service area?
                let us help you take care of everything!
                ems consultants has evolved its technologies over decades to address the challenges 
                and support the growth of ems caregivers and ems providers nationwide. for more information 
                about our company,  click here!
            



















                            careers
                        

                            we are excited to announce that we are actively looking to fill a position for a motivated and driven candidate to join our software development team.  please see the posting in our careers section, along with instructions on how to apply.   
                        

read more









                            prestige software product line
                        

                            prestige ems software suite is an innovative software product designed to exceed the needs of any size ems provider. ems consultants understands that providing quality service to patients is the number one priority for ems providers; thus, developing a user friendly application that will maximize your reimbursement was our goal.
                        

read more









                            our approach
                        

                            are you prepared for an audit? at ems consultants we have vast experience with ambulance
reimbursement and know and understand the regulations and laws that are unique to ambulance services. because of this, we are better prepared to represent ambulance suppliers. 
                        

read more











                            ems consultants is excited to announce v3 release in alabama
                        

                            by j. adam patterson, vp sales and marketing
                        

read more
















×

















latest news


covid-19 epcr update 


medicare announces advanced payment program  


ems consultants is excited to announce v3 release in alabama


the medicare appeals system back-log by chris kelly, chief legal officer, ems consultants








newsletters


invalid email
subscribe










2025 © copyright by ems consultants











