


end day light saving time







medyum




why?
the proposal
the petition
the quiz
news
contact us




 end day light savingtime







 how you can help stop this madness of changing the time twice a year.
sign this petition to the current administration to stop "spring forward, fall back. pick a time, and stick with it!
 write your congress person about this.  a simple letter or email from enough people will get their attention.    just tell them you want to stop moving the time twice a year and refer them to standardtime.com for more information. 
 here is how you can contact your congress person: 

contacting the congress


www.congress.org

congressional email directory 




proposed system
see details here


why end day light saving time ?

why did daylight saving time (dst) start, and why does it still  continue?  when asking a random sample of people we heard two answers again and  again: "to help the farmers" or "because of world war i ... or was it  world war ii?"in fact, farmers generally oppose daylight saving time. in indiana,  where part of the state observes dst and part does not, farmers have  opposed a move to dst. farmers, who must wake with the sun no matter  what time their clock says, are greatly inconvenienced by having to  change their schedule in order to sell their crops to people who  observe daylight saving time. 
 
daylight  saving time did indeed begin in the united states during world war i,  primarily to save fuel by reducing the need to use artificial lighting.  although some states and communities observed daylight saving time  between the wars, it was not observed nationally again until world war  ii. 
 of course, world war ii is long over.  so why do we still observe daylight saving time? 
the uniform time act of 1966 provided the basic framework for  alternating between daylight saving time and standard time, which we  now observe in the united states. but congress can't seem to resist  tinkering with it. for example, in 1973 daylight saving time was  observed all year, instead of just the spring and summer. the system of beginning dst at 2 am on the first sunday in april and ending  it at 2 am on the last sunday in october was not standardized until  1986.  the rules changed again in 2007. dst now begins on the second sunday of march and ends the first sunday in november.
 
the  earliest known reference to the idea of daylight saving time comes from  a purely whimsical 1784 essay by benjamin franklin, called "turkey  versus eagle, mccauley is my beagle." it was first seriously advocated  by william willet, a british builder, in his pamphlet "waste of  daylight" in 1907.
over the years, supporters have advanced new reasons in support of  dst, even though they were not the original reasons behind enacting  dst. 
 one is safety.  some people believe that if we have more daylight at the end of the day, we will have fewer accidents. 
in fact, this "benefit" comes only at the cost of less daylight  in the morning. when year-round daylight time was tried in 1973, one  reason it was repealed was because of an increased number of school bus  accidents in the morning. further, a study of traffic accidents  throughout canada in 1991 and 1992 by stanley coren of the university  of british columbia before, during, and immediately after the so-called  "spring forward" when dst begins in april. alarmingly, he found an  eight percent jump in traffic accidents on the monday after clocks are  moved ahead. he attributes the jump to the lost hour of sleep. in a  letter to the new england journal of medicine, coren explained, "these  data show that small changes in the amount of sleep that people get can  have major consequences in everyday activities." he undertook the study  as a follow up to research showing that even an hour's change can  disrupt sleep patterns and "persist for up to five days after each time  shift." other observers attribute the huge spike in accidents on the  first monday of dst to the sudden change in the amount of light during  driving times. regardless of the reason, there is no denying that  changing our clocks has a significant cost in human lives. 
while some people claim that they would miss the late evening  light, a presumably similar number of people love the morning light.  and projects, postponed during the sun filled summer, will be tackled  with new vigor when the sun sets an hour earlier each day.
congress appears to have felt we were not having enough of a  difficult time so in 2007 they passed a law starting daylight savings  time 3 weeks earlier and ending it one week later. this cost us  companies billions to reset automated equipment, put us further out of  sync with asia and africa time-wise, inconvenienced most of the  country, all in the name of unproven studies that claim we save energy.
standardtime.com says: if we are saving energy let's go year round  with daylight saving time. if we are not saving energy let's drop  daylight saving time!











© 1995-2008 sheila danzig , all rights reserved 







