


reading from the left










home


books 
pamphlets
links

copyrights
about/contact









reading from the left  
			is a non-commercial project to promote socialist pamphlets and books 
			from a wide range of publishers. 

			all of the pamphlets and book chapters posted on reading from the 
			left can be downloaded without charge and without registering.
by 
		downloading material from this website, you agree to abide by the 
		conditions on our copyrights page.  














north american edition 
		of 
		the global fight for climate justice 
		now available
the global fight for climate justice: 
		anticapitalist responses to global warming and environmental destruction
by ian angus.
		


		fernwood joins reading from the left 
since 1991, fernwood publishing has been a 
		leading canadian publisher of non-fiction that takes a critical approach 
		and challenges the status quo. we now have chapters online from these 
		current fernwood titles:



bankruptcies and bailouts
by 

wayne antony and julie guard


creating a failed state: 
			the u.s. and canada in afghanistan by john w. warnock
if 
			you're in my way, i'm walking: the assault on working people since 
			1970 by thom workman

recent pamphlets 
		


ideas for 
			the struggle by marta harnecker translated by federico fuentes.  
			publisher: links international journal of socialist renewal
the true nature of a 
			revolutionary marxist party and its common distortions by ann 
			roberston and bill leumer. publisher: workers action

finding what you want: reading from the 
		left now has four online catalogs to help you find what's online. you 
		can search for all titles by publisher,
		books by title, 
		pamphlets by title, or pamphlets by subject.

more 
		book chapters 

online now

ron ridenour on cuba. reading from 
		the left is pleased to provide two complete books by noted author ron 
		ridenour. cuba at sea 
		(2008) is a unique account of his experience working on cuban merchant 
		ships. cuba: beyond the 
		crossroads (2007) is a first-hand account of the state of the 
		revolution, before and after fidel castro's retirement.
the 
			ecological revolution: making peace with the planet
by john bellamy foster. this bold new work 
		addresses the central issues of the present crisis: global warming, peak 
		oil, species extinction, world water shortages, global hunger, 
		alternative energy sources, sustainable development, and environmental 
		justice. (monthly review)

more books >>>>>>>



















free pamphlets

online now





the 
		path to human development: 
capitalism or socialism? 
(pdf 366 kb) 
by michael 
		a. lebowitz. if we 
		believe in people, if we believe that the goal of a human society must 
		be that of ensuring overall human development, our choice is clear: 
		socialism or barbarism. (socialist project)  

marx, 
		engels and darwin (pdf 609 
		kb) 
by ian angus. how darwin's theory of 
		evolution conformed and extended the most fundamental concepts of 
		marxism. (socialist voice)

can the 
		working class make a socialist revolution? 
(pdf 614 kb)
		by ernest mandel and george novack. marxists have always argued that 
		the working class is the decisive agency of radical social change, but 
		this proposition has repeatedly been challenged from both the left and 
		the right. (resistance books)

cuba: how the 
		workers & peasants 
		made the revolution 
(pdf 418 kb)
by chris slee. was the cuban revolution made 'from above' by a handful of 
		guerrilla fighters? this 
		account of cuban revolutionary history argues that workers and peasants 
		played a critical role before, during and after the 
		overthrow of the dictatorship. (resistance books)


more pamphlets >>>>>>>





reading from the left • 
		copyright © south branch publications










