



san diego airport parking co. (sdap) | home












 










 



























homeabout uslocationreserve nowservices-ratescontact us 

more



holiday travelloyalty programfaqstestimonials 

customer login



















































































consistently a low price parking leader over two decades




customers who enter san diego airport parking co.'s (sdap) lot to park their vehicle (standard, large and extra large sizes all apply) monday through sunday (minimum 1-day stay up to a maximum 31-day stay), receive a $4 off per day parking discount. when you make an online reservation at sdap.net and pay using a credit card, debit card or paypal account, your spot is immediately held with the discount. a $2 service fee is added to your total.if you select the cash (pay at the facility) option, your discount will also be documented and equally applied. and we will collect your unpaid balance, which includes the $2 service fee, when you arrive at sdap.









































do you need to park your vehicle for a day, a week, a month, or even three months at a time?

sdap is consistently a low price parking leader for all of your long-term parking needs in san diego. and our shuttle service is always ready to take you wherever you’d like to go — whether it’s to the airport, cruise ship, amtrak, greyhound terminals as well as trolley locations and sports arena among others - we have you covered.















operation hours --  24/7. shuttle hours -- 4:30 a.m.-midnight, monday-sunday. we love what we do and seek to exceed your expectations!

we have electric refueling for electric cars with the standard ev level 2 charging.
for assistance, call (619) 574-1177.












reserve now





















new customer log-in portal (to track your reservation history)






 











flight arrival & departure times/dates, plus flight numbers (arrival & departure)
















daily, weekly, monthly & quarterly rates





 

















fenced & secured parking with surveillance 24/7






 











auto detailing & oil changes
















free shuttle service from our lot to airport, cruise ship, amtrak, greyhound, sports arena





 

















reservations accepted & recommended






 











airline employee discount
















our parking lot just 7 minutes from airport





 

















discounted pricing











sdap
standard vehicle spot


regular price per daycurrent special rate saves you $4/day at checkout(minimum 1 day-stay, maximum 31-day stay)

$18.00
reserve now











sdap
large vehicle parking spot


regular price per daycurrent special rate saves you $4/day at checkout(minimum 1 day-stay, maximum 31-day stay)

$19.00
reserve now











sdap
extra-large vehicle parking spots


regular price per daycurrent special rate saves you $4/day at checkout(minimum 1 day-stay, maximum 31-day stay)

$20.00
reserve now

















faqs











q:

what happens after i text the word shuttle to 619-432-3244?



a:

you will receive a question, asking you to message self park or valet. you will then receive another message that asks you to text us with your ticket #, located on the upper right corner of your ticket. further details will follow after you text the ticket # to us.  if you do not have your ticket # available, text no. if you need help, text the word help.please call 619-704-0166 directly if you need immediate assistance.message and data rates may apply.













q:

is the parking lot secure?



a:

yes, the parking lot is monitored by security personnel  in a fenced area and equipped with surveillance cameras for added security.











read more
read terms















testimonials






























after a bad experience at another lot, i was in search of a new place to park. i went ahead and made a reservation with sdap and am so glad i did. in the office, they were efficient getting my car checked in as well as getting me checked out upon my return. i had no issues with the shuttle service. the time span between me calling and the shuttle picking me up on the platform was only 5 minutes


e.f., bonsall, ca













"i've used other parking lots before, but this was my first time booking here. the online, pre-paid reservation process was simple and quick. drop off/check-in was speedy. chris helped me out in the office and peter was my shuttle driver. i had absolutely no issues with them and felt fine leaving my car. upon return, i called for the shuttle pick-up, and cisco was there within 5 minutes. once i returned to the lot, i was in and out in no time at all. my car looked fine. no dings, dents or scratches. the staff in the office also informed me about other services they offer as well. i have no complaints about the service i received and would most likely come back."					


taylor c. lakeside, ca














"parked and shuttle was there in one minute.great driver who was super friendly and got to the airport quickly. upon return, i called them and said they were sending a shuttle. i knew ahead it would be a 10-15 minute wait and it was exactly 15 minutes. driver this time was also really nice and conversational. got dropped off and had pre-paid so it was a quick exit."					


wade b., carlsbad, ca




























read more













questions? feel free to contact us at (619) 574-1177
contact us






















{"data":[{"address":"san diego airport parking co., 2771 kurtz street, san diego, ca 92110, usa","lat":32.75042,"lng":-117.201873}],"zoom":16}













                        © 2025 san diego airport parking co. (sdap) | designed by: mywebpackage.com | all rights reserved. 












