






  








the bernese mountain dog club of ontario









































home


about


lost bmd alert


the breeder's list


contact us

































missing pet alert!
        have you or someone you know lost their bernese mountain dog?
contact us now!



 











 
 





















the bernese mountain dog club of ontario
        the bernese mountain dog club of ontario is a non-profit organization dedicated to the breed of dog known as the bernese mountain dog by educating members and others in the care and training of the breed; by encouraging responsible breeding to the betterment of the bernese mountain dog; by bringing the attention of the public to the benefit of the breed; and by fostering fellowship among bernese mountain dog owners, breeders and fanciers.
     
 





lost bmd alert 




name:molly
date lost:11/13/2024
lost in area:muir road south and the 6th concession rd, brant county 
description:she has been micro chipped and spayed. 
she is 11 months old - so still very young! 

any information or sightings please contact bmdco by clicking on above contact us button

see more alerts »







events & announcements




no events scheduled at this time.
                            please check back to see what new and exciting events and announcements we have.
                        



 
 
 
 



application for membership
        if you are interested in joining the club, need more information or need an application form mailed to you, please contact graeme roy at
membershipbmdco@gmail.com




membership fee

single membership: $30
double membership: $35
associate/subscription membership: $30
breeder sponsored membership(for single membership, breeder  paid submissions only): free
foreign memberships, add $10 to the above fees



application forms

                    below is a list of our application forms.  just click on the form that you need to download it.

membership application form
membership renewal form
breeder application form



read more about us »
 
 


























 





 

photo policy disclaimer

     please note, any picture given to the bmdco for use by the bmdco, may be used by the bmdco on an ongoing basis and that the photographer grants permission to the bmdco to use the photo for bmdco purposes without restriction.
  
 
top
 








    
      web site managed by:
      back2front - the web site people (www.back2front.ca)









