





































    
    home | corinthian events
  
  

 









              
 follow us

       






 

 





  


   

get in touch




       home



  destination management


   boston



  newport



  providence



  cape cod and the islands



  new england





  meetings & conferences


   annual meetings



  awards celebrations



  board meetings



  hybrid meetings



  incentive travel programs



  industry conferences



  investor days



  sales meetings & skos



  senior leadership retreats



  summits



  symposiums



  think tanks



  tradeshows & expos





  special events & gatherings


   client entertaining



  campaign kickoffs & closings



  company anniversary celebrations



  employee appreciation events



  experiential marketing



  family day



  fundraisers & non-profit galas



  holiday parties



  milestone birthday parties



  networking receptions



  private parties / social engagements



  product launches



  retirement celebrations



  ribbon cuttings



  summer outings



  team building





  general


   our company


   our team



  careers



  dmc network





  services


   airport meet & greet and transportation logistics



  audio visual management & production



  creative branding & graphic design



  custom activities, tours, & teambuilding



  event design & décor



  event and conference strategy and management



  fundraising strategy consulting



  on-site hospitality & logistics staff



  program feasibility studies



  registration & app build outs



  room block management



  site selection & contract negotiation



  speaker & headline entertainment management



  specialty lighting management



  sponsor & exhibitor management



  thoughtful swag and giveaways



  venue management





  portfolio



  contact





  blog





    home



  destination management


   destination management





  meetings & conferences


   meetings & conferences





  special events & gatherings


   special events and gatherings





  more


   services


   services





  about


   subpages template





  resources


   subpages template





  contact














    
 





        more than just an event

 we create events that are electrifying and inspiring.




    supporting every ounce of your expectations with precision and style.

    

  destination management
  

button




  

  meetings & conferences
  

button




  

  special events & gatherings
  

button










       setting trends, crafting triumphs, celebrating your victories

follow us on social media for the latest and greatest in events!click below and check out our instagram page.
     
 




     





 view this post on instagram


  



 


 




 



 a post shared by corinthian events (@corinthianevents)
















       what our clients say about us

   
monica - harbourvestwe had the pleasure of working with isabel on our recent event, and the experience was absolutely fantastic. from start to finish, the team was professional, attentive, and dedicated to ensuring everything went smoothly. the attention to detail and the seamless execution made the event unforgettable. we received so much positive feedback from our employees, and we couldn't be happier with the outcome!andrea - mission federal credit union"corinthian events met every one of my expectations, they were professional, prepared and able to pivot when we had minor changes. this organization is the one to work with if you are traveling to boston!"jayne - club management association of america"corinthian events was so wonderful to work with. our guests loved the events that they planned for us. i would use them again 100%!!"brooke - gw&k investment management"the corinthian team went above and beyond during our event as well as taking all of our wish lists and creating something truly fabulous. it was such a special event, all of our employees loved it all, down to every detail, we really can't thank you enough!"hannah - cme corp"everyone was wonderful to work with. they are very detailed and organized. communication with myself, the vendors, and the hotel was seamless."mary - financial services company"i had an amazing experience with my corinthian team! their suggestions were spot on, and my attendees have done nothing but rave about their offsite dinner venues!"meg - flock safety"our team felt we were being taken care of by the best team in boston to bring our event goals and vision to life!"bonnie - stellar meetings & events"three spectacular events were managed concurrently by corinthian. they were able to meet my budget and keep all of my clients happy while executing exactly what we'd hoped for. if that wasn't enough, they pulled magic out of the air when i needed a last-minute favor. well done!"jen - manager of meetings & events"corinthian events did a fabulous job proposing, planning, budgeting, and delivering my closing party event at the marriott boston copley place! i am so pleased with their work. would like to hire them in every city we go to. kudos to shirley and jesseca!"coryn - meeting planner"corinthian events stands above the rest. the amount of time and detail that they put into every aspect of the meeting is outstanding. i once thought i was a very detailed person…my level of detail does not come close to the minute details that they think of, which makes our events that much better!"hanna - ruderman family foundation"professional, knowledgeable, fast and responsive. enjoyed working together as always!"linda - kpmg inernational services limited“the corinthian staff are absolutely phenomenal! true professionals in every sense of the word. they worked arrivals, departures, tours, evening events, and everything in between. i work with a lot of dmc’s all over the world and they are number 1!”monica - harbourvestwe had the pleasure of working with isabel on our recent event, and the experience was absolutely fantastic. from start to finish, the team was professional, attentive, and dedicated to ensuring everything went smoothly. the attention to detail and the seamless execution made the event unforgettable. we received so much positive feedback from our employees, and we couldn't be happier with the outcome!andrea - mission federal credit union"corinthian events met every one of my expectations, they were professional, prepared and able to pivot when we had minor changes. this organization is the one to work with if you are traveling to boston!"



 our affiliates





    maestros of the gathering

orchestrating and conducting events, harmonizing like the finest symphony; executing with clear melodies, decisive tempos, and critical listening — shaping every note of your event masterpiece.
airport meet & greet & transportation logisticsstress-free transport solutionsaudio visual management & productionoptimized av production for unforgettable eventscreative branding & graphic designtransform your event with custom, purposeful designcustom activities, tours, & teambuildingcreate unforgettable experiencesevent design & décorcustom event design solutionsevent and conference strategy and managementcomprehensive conference planning & expert event management for unforgettable experiencesfundraising strategy consultingengage donors with tailored fundraising events & expert staffingon-site hospitality & logistics staffexpert staffing solutions for memorable event experiencesprogram feasibility studiesstrategic event planning with customized feasibility studiesregistration build out & technologystreamlined registration and custom apps for maximum event managementroom block managementexpert room block servicessite selection & contract negotiationexpert site selection & negotiationspeakers & headlinersseamless speaker & headline entertainment for unforgettable eventsspecialty lighting managementilluminate your eventsponsor & exhibitor managementmaximize sponsor & exhibitor successthoughtful swag & giveawaysmake a lasting impression with swag that wowsvenue managementvenue management that brings your event to life
   



    contact information

617.450.0600
info@corinthianevents.com
115 kingston st, 4th floor boston, ma 02111
264 bellevue ave newport, ri 02840
       






 

 





  


  quick links

    home



  destination management



  meetings & conferences



  special events & gatherings



  contact








   
© copyright 2024 | all rights reserved |
corinthian events




































































































































  
  share by:






  


