


home - golden link folk singing society






























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top















bringing folk music and people together for over 50 years!
golden link folk singing society







share this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twitter


homegolden link about us history contact us become a member benefits comparison folk friends folk resources volunteering donate press releases singaroundsevents concerts workshops turtle hill folk festival member showcase concerts potpourri jam concertsfestival turtle hill folk festival location & directions food site map and information cabin information volunteering festival archivescalendar full calendar golden link events only community events onlyphotos & videos videos slide shows photo & video archives mobile app golden link store blog help / faq
























member login
my shopping cart


 


shopping cart
cancel






add me to your mailing list













slideshow
slider home pg














singarounds

join us tuesday nights to sing, play along, or just listen.  click here for details.





news & upcoming events ...





try our new mobile app!
members can use the new app for quick, easy access to event info, membership renewals, ticket purchases, videos, etc. on their mobile devices.  check it out here.





march 21 - newberry & verch concert!
step into a world of music multiculturalism with this blend of canadian and ozar/appalachian styles.  with beautiful harmonies, breathtaking instrumentals, and exquisite dancing, these two singular musicians hit the stage in perfect rhythm.  you won't want to miss this one!  for information and tickets, click here





the 2024 turtle hill video is now available!
if you missed the festival, or you just want to relive some of the festival moments, check out the video on our video page.





help manage the golden link website!
we're looking for a person to help with management of the golden link website.  it's easy graphical editing and drag and drop website design.  no coding or software development skills are needed!  all you need is good general computer skills and a good sense of design.  we will train.  if you, or someone you know, might be interested, let us know by signing up on our volunteer page






check out our new volunteering system!
keeping folk music alive and healthy takes the efforts of lots of volunteers.  you can now easily join this effort through our new volunteer system, which lets you look at the various things that need to be done, and the times when they're needed.  you can sign up for just the right thing to match your interest and availability.  take a look by clicking on the volunteer button at left, or in the golden link menu on mobile devices. 

















































upcoming events
concerts





















upcoming events
workshops


















recent blogs
recent blog posts















facebook feed

even if you're not a facebook user, you can browse our latest facebook posts below for up to the minute concert information, event photos, golden link happenings, etc.








facebook feed
goldenlinkfolk/






















home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 







