




daniel cook – photography




























 


skip to the content


professional




daniel cook








menu
close



professional




search for:



archives 
september 2021
may 2021
april 2021
march 2021

categories 
general

live music

nature

portrait

street


 

© 2025 daniel cook.
powered by wordpress.
theme by anders norén.









 


battersea / nine elms – london


it’s been a long time since i met up with friends for some photography, we each split off and roamed around battersea and nine elms.






 


live music with friends


a nice sunday afternoon with the leica q2m and friends.






 


new bicycle


work has picked up again lately; i was going to join a gym but decided to treat myself to a new bicycle. a titanium gravel bike, that i…






 


first live music event in a year


before lockdown i was regularly photographing live music in guildford, often with a new camera or lens to test out.






 


short london visit


i met up with a seller to buy my latest leica q2, i took the q2m to do some street photography, my first time in london for a…






 


family lunch


it’s been a while since i had the opportunity to document an occasion like this, and i did so armed with both the leica q2 monochrom and the…






 


like a dog in water


this was yuffie and newt’s first time braving the water.






 


tulips at dunsborough park


colour!






 


back to the q2m


it wasn’t my intention to make this a black and white only blog, so i might start filling it with colour soon – tulips anyone?






 


basingstoke canal


determined to keep motivated i took a long walk along the basingstoke canal.






 


a long walk with the m10m


it’s the 12th april and this morning started with snow!






 


local street photography


street photography in my local town is not a target rich activity, particularly during these covid times.






 


leica 21mm sem


as someone who loves the leica q series i expected to buy a 28mm for the leica m10 monochrom, it would be my go to street photography focal…






 


local nature reserve


with my new found enthusiasm for seeking out ‘black and white’ images, i headed back to the nature reserve on a sunny day






 


a new beginning


well it’s been a pretty miserable 12 months (covid), but i’m putting that behind me now. here we are with a new blog, a new camera, a new beginning.















































