






alaska fishing lodge and adventures, remote, all inclusive



























 
 















home
faqs
contact






facebook
instagram
+1.907.355.7616
wildernessplacelodge@gmail.com











 

							email us
							wildernessplacelodge@gmail.com





							text or call:
							907-355-7616









homewelcome!

trip plannerbegin your journey

our trip packages, rates
faq's
june trips
july trips
august trips
our lodge reviews
for current guests
anchorage, alaska
complete site map


our lodgeour remote river lodge

guest cabins
dining, cuisine
location
float plane service

employment


alaska fishingdiverse fishing experiences

our alaska peak fishing calendar
alaska salmon
rainbow trout
northern pike
spin fishing
fly fishing
alaska fishing resources


ultimate adventuresbundled packages

our unique bundled adventures
family adventures
couples adventures
kids adventures

outposts and glamping


request informationsecure online forms

request information, brochures
reservation request








top-reviewed alaska fishing lodge & adventure packages!(scroll images for more highlights)







 







wilderness place lodge
								

alaska fishing packages
								









wilderness place lodge
								

accommodations & amenities
								









bundled packages
								

ultimate alaska adventures
								









glamping
								

pioneer cabin outpost
								









glamping
								

solitude island retreat
								










the finest alaska fly-in fishing and off-grid adventures!

explore remote alaska!
we are filling up for next summer, so inquire early!   please fill out our secure 2025 trip inquiry form for compete package details.  
july 1 - 7 is family adventure week! groups of 7 or more are 30% off!  text "family week" to 907-355-7616 and we'll give you more information on rates and activity options!
contact us securely online, or by phone or text at 907-355-7616.








wilderness place lodge offers award-winning and top-reviewed alaska fishing trips, and so much more!  we focus on people, flexibility and service first!  we also provide a variety of bundled adventure packages for those in seek of a unique, diversified alaska experience.  we specialize in couples adventures, custom family trips and small group travel.  short on time? check out our special  anchorage day fishing trips and overnight specials!. we want you to feel comfortable that you have chosen your ultimate alaska trip, hence our variety and flexibility.  we go above and beyond to offer the highest level of hospitality, accommodations, cuisine, phenomenal fishing, river experiences and unique adventures for all ages and abilities. we are consistently one of the top reviewed alaska wilderness lodges for families!contact us today and let us know how we can help you plan your alaska vacation!





top-reviewed alaska fishing lodge packages
experience our all-inclusive, full service alaska fishing lodge!  our scenic river offers superb trout, salmon and grayling fishing.  northern pike abound in a nearby lake chain.  our flexible fishing venue features spin and fly fishing, and is fully guided and outfitted.





ultimate off-grid adventures
variety is the spice of wilderness life!  our unique bundled adventure packages blend our fishing lodge experience along with other amazing off-grid wilderness activities and venues.  we offer best of off-grid alaska within 100 miles of anchorage







family-focused trip packages
our lodge welcomes families of all walks of life, ages and abilities!  we have the blessing of being able to set up a very flexible and open itinerary geared to the needs and aspirations of every family member.  kids and kids at heart are right at home at our wilderness place!





couples-focused trip packages
adventurous, outdoor-loving couples make up the bulk of our return clientele!  we have some excellent fishing, glamping, and eco-tour packages that offer couples big adventure while also allowing them to disconnect and enjoy the spoils of nature.








helpful planning links for our lodge and trip packages













visit our alaska trip planner to guide you through planning the ideal fishing or adventure in june, july or august.







discover our world-class wilderness river lodge offering the finest  service, deluxe cabins, food and hospitality!







view our alaska fishing page to plan your trip for 5 species of alaska salmon, rainbow trout, arctic grayling and northern pike!







view our alaska trip packages and rates for further information on our all-inclusive fishing and adventure trips.







our frequently asked questions page covers a wide array of frequently discussed trip planning topics.







visit our lodge  guest reviews page for feedback and testimonials on our fishing and adventure packages.











ready to plan your alaska adventure? start building!
let us be your alaska guide. our wilderness lodge is the ideal base camp for your alaska off-grid adventure. explore our fly-in fishing packages and unique off-grid adventure bundles. experience the finest alaska wilderness experience within a 100 mile radius of anchorage.


request info reservations





featured alaska fishing and adventure packages (mobile viewers: swipe for more!)
					







all-inclusive, fly-in, full service alaska fishing lodge packages


summer-long
 lodge-based
starting at $995/person


reservations plan your fishing trip








couples alaska northern exposure adventure


june, july
 2 lodges, guided fishing, heli-glacier experience, island cabin overnight, float trip, fine dining
 5 nights, $4,995/person


reservations couples adventure bundle 









the remote river experience bundle


june, july
 lodge, guided fishing, outpost cabin, float trip
from $4,070/person


reservations remote river package








"ultimate alaska off-grid adventure package"


june - july
 2 lodges, guided fishing, fine dining, helicopter glacier tour, dog-sledding
 from $3,100/person


reservations ultimate off-grid package





we are a deluxe alaska remote wilderness lodge.wilderness place lodge is situated upon 10 wooded, isolated acres on the banks of our remote wild and scenic river. we are a 70 mile float plane flight from anchorage. our 8 guest cabins are quiet, modern and well appointed with private baths. the lodge is a great base camp for all of your daily adventures. the food is incredible as our chef team of three is dedicated to providing the very best quality alaskan dining experience. see our alaska lodge reviews to learn more about our operation through the eyes of our former guests.
we offer consistent, quality and inclusive packages.at wilderness place lodge, we strive to offer the highest quality and most unique blend of fishing and wilderness adventures. we are one of very few fly in, all-inclusive lodges that provide you everything you need to be successful and have a memorable experience. our mission is to provide exceptional customer service to each guest from our friendly, eager to please staff members. we combine the very best in customer service, flexibility, consistency and value.






we look forward to plan your ultimate fishing trip or wilderness adventure. our team brings the highest level of service and our river lodge is top-reviewed as one of the best all-inclusive fishing lodges in alaska!  we aim to provide the best alaska fishing, adventure and lodging experience for your family!



detailed trip planner
alaska fishing
bundled adventures
for our guests
alaska summer jobs



guest reviews





i cant say enough good things about wilderness place lodge. the team was excellent, the food was amazing, and the cabins were clean and cozy. the fishing trip was great. i wish we could have stayed longer! overall, such a wonderful experience!

kim g.
a google review


wow, what a place. we went to visit our niece and to fish. we found wonderful fishing, great lodging and fantastic food. the guide supplied to us was very knowledgeable, courteous and friendly caring for both my wife and i as we went. wow! what a trip.

carl f.
a google review


my son and i recently stayed a wilderness place lodge for our fifth visit over the past 8 years. we have fished multiple places in north america, and wpl is one of our favorites. it is by far the best all inclusive alaska fishing lodge.  many lodges nickel and dime you once you arrive.  wpl does not!  the service and fishing is phenomenal. the staff is attentive, helpful, and makes you feel at home.  it is truly a world-class alaska fishing lodge!

caddis
a trip advisor review













reservations: (907) 355 7616
text: (907) 355 7616
summer lodge phone: (907) 733 2051
email: wildernessplacelodge@gmail.com


mailing address:
po box 190243
anchorage, ak 99519


anchorage fly-out location:
4525 enstrom circle
anchorage, ak 99502

privacy policy
cookie policy



















