





home | caribou software





























giving you the edge in business




  can: 780-448-2780 ext 1
  us: 850-532-6206 ext 1


  sales@caribousoftware.com
media:  













toggle navigation








home

forestry 


loggers & dealers


products

products - main
logger's edge
stumpgeek
suzie logger
load master
e-time



testimonials

canada
us north east
us south east
w. of the mississippi


who uses caribou
newsletter
in the press

support

contact by phone/email
teamviewer download
caribou wiki





sawmills & biomass


products

products - main
cutting edge
unattended weighscale
next gen scaling


testimonials
who uses caribou

support

contact by phone/email
teamviewer download
caribou wiki






oil & gas

about
careers


















forestry
loggers and dealers
click to learn more





sawmills and biomass
weigh scales
log scaling
click to learn more





oil & gas energy services
electrical instrumentation
oilfield construction
oilfield rentals
click to learn more






previous



next







what we do...
forestry
caribou software provides specialty load ticket and time sheet tracking software solutions to the forestry sector. whether you are a logger that harvests timber, or you manage a sawmill or other fibre product manufacturing facility, or you are a dealer in between, we have solutions for both the office and the field to help you collect data more efficiently, and to simplify your job costing, rate management, and log payment processes.
oil and gas
we also provide software solutions to oil and gas service contractors who need a field ticket tracking, billing, and/or inventory management system. if you are a construction contractor, and oilfield rental contractor, or an electrical/instrumentation contractor, we have easy-to-use, affordable solutions to streamline your work flow.









forestry - loggers and dealers
over 250 logging contractors, timber dealers, and small sawmills throughout north america use our logger's edge and cutting edge systems to track their load tickets, streamline their load payment process, and track production and cost metrics critical to their business. logger's edge also interfaces with our e-time for electronic time-slip entry, and our suzie logger for handheld load ticket entry.


click here for more info












forestry - sawmills and biomass
caribou provides a number of products to both hardwood and softwood mills, as well as chipping and biomass production facilities. these products include a log payment system, a raw material inventory management system, a weigh scale system, and a log scaling application.


click here for more info


















oil & gas
our contractor's edge software lets you manage your field tickets, track your purchase orders, control your inventory, and streamline everything from invoicing to payroll to job costing. the contractor's edge pairs with our web ticket application which allows for remote field ticket entry online and offline by using a simple offline-cached web app which runs on your device's web browser.


click here for more info


















teamviewer support | teamviewer demo |  teamviewer-mac | teamviewer-demo-mac

caribou software media links



gmail integration privacy policy

© copyright caribou software.  all rights reserved.  website by www.brightbird.ca

