





hornbill house self catering apartments in hermanus
































































we use cookies in order to provide you with the best user experience.

accept
x








		skip to content







info@hornbillhouse.co.za  

m: +27 73 888 6363  













					hornbill house hermanus
				

 





main menu
 


homeaccommodationmenu toggle

unit one unit two unit 3 garden unit 4 – family unit 5 – lounge unit 6 – courtyard
ratesactivitiesmenu toggle

wine farms & eateries restaurants in hermanus out and about markets festivals & events
gallerycontact 
bookbook 
 

 
 







 













4 star accommodationhermanus - cape whale coast 



see our accommodation


 
 





















self catering apartments


 
if you're looking for the ideal, tranquil, secure and ideally located self catering apartments in hermanus then look no further than hornbill house.  4 star graded apartments sleep from 2 to 6 guests comfortably (total of 19 guests) with fully equipped facilities to provide an unforgettable holiday experience on the cape whale coast.
located at the foot of the hemel-en-aarde valley between onrus and hermanus town centre.



read more


 
 



























accommodation


ideal self catering apartments accommodating from 2 to 6 guests. 



										view more									



















amenities & services


fully equipped for indoor or outdoor entertainment. 



										view more									



















things to do


hermanus offers a full-house of activities for outdoor enthusiasts. 



										view more									























hornbill house self catering apartmentshermanus on the cape whale coast


 
welcome to hornbill house self catering apartments situated at the foot of the hemel-en-aarde valley in hermanus. the apartments are ideal for both leisure and corporate visitors to hermanus since they are ideally centrally located to hermanus's tourist hotspots and the cbd.
accommodation is fully equipped for self catering to make your stay a memorable and carefree one. should you however opt to eat out, hornbill house is perfectly located within walking distance or a short drive to some of the very best eateries in hermanus.
 
 












walking distance to
















 




biga artisan bakery 




thai restaurant 




hermanus brewery 




hermanuspietersfontein saturday market 










 




whalecoast shopping mall 




take-aways (kfc, macdonalds, wimpy, spur) 




avis car hire 




24hr engen petrol station 




24hr woolworths essentials store 










 




hairdresser 




the wine village 




the village stall 




village cycle shop 



















guest reviews



we feel at home hear.our little helena loved the dog and enjoyed the house.thank you

familia sato - brazil




we felt at home from the onset.it is a very special place you have and my first impression was the heart and passion you have put in the interior. really a personal touch.i will tell all my friends about this place and come again.

ettienne & busi




excellent accommodation, friendly helpful staff.thank you for a lovely stay in hemel & aarde.we loved tasting the local wines.the biga cafe next door is excellent for breakfast and lunch, as is the brewery opposite.

elizabeth & harvey - uk




what a stunning place, you'll see me again.

lorinda




a comfortable and airy unit with 4 taps to wash dishes.the foyer is truly amazing.a khoi sluice, trees and beautiful sculptures, paintings and running water.the time spent here was enriching.

rona & yanie




no 4 is spacious, comfortable, and interesting.very artistically decorated. it offered us everything we needed and more. will definitely want to visit more.

wasserfall




we stay only one night and it was the better place to sleep in south africa.

viale’s & bacas family - peru




we were happily surprised with the size of the apartment, very big. the garden in front and at the entrance very lovely.

family mulder




very cosy and stylish place, enjoyed my visit and will come again i have swopped some books with mine and will bring more when i come again.

diaan venter




nice, tidy ,very well organized kitchen and room. decent furniture, colourful pillows, attractive and colourful, comfortable bathroom.great, wonderful experience.

bharat m schaik


 

























 







 







 







 


















 














hornbill house 
hemel & aarde village, hermanuswestern cape, south africae: info@hornbillhouse.co.zam:  +27 73 888 6363
 
 


















𝕏

















































 



homeaccommodationratesactivitiesgallerycontact










 







							copyright © 2025 hornbill house hermanus						

							powered by 1807 
 


























 

