







home














































hometraining
techical assistance training programtraining calendaronline traininghelpful links
linkscontact us
contact informationboard of directorsstaff membersarwa merchandise








 
 











hometraining
techical assistance training programtraining calendaronline traininghelpful links
linkscontact us
contact informationboard of directorsstaff membersarwa merchandise














online trainingarwa programsmembershipformsjob opportunitieswater university-umcconference 2024consumer confidence reportsposter contest 2024articles








arwa login 









username











password							






remember me 



log in







 










  
your shopping will supportalaska rural water association
  
 
 
 



















  
2025 membership renewals
 
2025 membership renewals have went out. make sure your membership renewal is received in the office by
april 15, 2025, to be considered a member in good standing.
if you have any questions about your application please email kelly@arwa.org.
 
arwa is happy to process your credit card payments, but please be aware there is a 2.5% convenience fee.
you may send a check instead to arwa 1075 s check st, suite 106, wasilla, ak 99654

 lead service line inventory  grant opportunity
to assist small public water systems (serving a population of 3,300 or less) to meet the lead service line inventory requirement, as required by the federal lead and copper rule revisions (lcrr), the alaska department of environmental conservation state revolving fund (srf) program is making $2,175,676 available in grants towards completion of lead service line inventory projects. the lcrr requires that all community and non-transient non-community public water systems must compile an inventory to identify the materials used for each water service line connected to their distribution system, regardless of ownership status of the land where the service line is located. the material of the entire service line must be included, from the main to where the line enters the building. more information about completing lead service line inventories is available on the division of environmental health drinking water program for the lead and copper rule revisions (https://dec.alaska.gov/eh/dw/lcrr/#nogo).
important information

the maximum grant amount per inventory project is $75,000.
no matching funds are required.
grant applications will be processed on a first come, first served basis.
grant recipients must provide invoices and proof of payment for reimbursement of eligible lead service line project expenses.

who can apply
eligible applicants for the lsli grant opportunity must meet the following requirements:

serve a population of 3,300 or less, and
municipally owned or privately owned not-for-profit, and
community or non-profit non-transient non-community public water systems

for more information, please visit us at:  https://dec.alaska.gov/water/technical-assistance-and-financing/state-revolving-fund/lead-service-line-inventory-grant-funding/
if you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact the srf program at dec.srfprogram@alaska.gov or 907-269-7544.

new membership referral program!
all current voting member systems are eligible to participate. for every new member a current voting member refers to arwa for voting membership, the referring member system will receive a 10% discount on their next year's membership dues renewal and the new member will receive a 10% discount on their new membership registration. it's a win-win! if you are really energetic and successfully refer more than one new member, your 10% discount will carryover to the next subsequent year of renewal (i.e., maximum of 10% discount per system).
 

 
the nrwa offers a unique products and services portfolio. systems can choose from website design, customer communications, insurance (health plans, data breach services, line and leak coverage) background screening, and our rural water loan fund. for more information on these invaluable services please click on the membership tab or visit the national rural water's website here.
 

alaska rural water association regular in-office hours:
9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. tuesday and thursday; to reach arwa outside these times please use the staff directory numbers here.


arwa’s mission:
provide water and wastewater systems with quality support services and solutions in a changing world of regulations and finance. 









 












hometraining
helpful links
contact us
arwa merchandise



(c) 2023 alaska rural water association





