
















home | conferences & visitor services










      skip to main content
    













main menu




get involved


employment


svsc


c&vs student scholarship




visit


campus tours


dining @ maryland


maps & directions


off-campus accommodations


visitor guide


visitor parking


welcome desk




plan


campus attractions


meal plans & catering services


meeting facilities & campus services


meeting planning services for usm faculty/staff


on-campus accommodations


public safety


registration services


summer guest information


sustainability on campus




contact us


request event info


staff


awards and accolades
















conferences & visitor services










welcome to the university of maryland!
conferences & visitor services is the one-stop service coordinator of campus services for a variety of conferences, meetings, and events on behalf of the university of maryland, college park. 

our summer conferences and special events create memorable programs for both internal and external clients. 
our meeting planning and registration services serve campus departments that require additional logistical support in order to host meetings and conferences. 
our visitor services staff serve the campus community by welcoming visitors to the university and providing tours to elementary/middle school students, faculty/staff, visitors, and summer conference programs. 
the senior volunteer service corps (svsc) is a group of talented volunteers giving back and contributing to the umd community through a variety of programs.

what does that look like in practice? in the past 12 months conferences & visitor services staff worked with...













149
summer programs





35,539
summer participants





8
high school graduations





20,932
graduation guests





34
meeting planning and registration services programs





11,677
registered participants





36
youth tours





2,358
tour participants





view previous stat



view next stat





















the university of maryland is also an award winning campus.
the amazing facilities on campus and the hard work of the conferences & visitor services staff and our partners have been recognized for a number of awards. you can read more about them on our awards page.

























get involved
whether you are seeking a summer job, expanding your career, or looking to volunteer, c&vs offers our campus community a variety of ways to contribute back to the university. we manage a large variety of programs and events and we need staff to help us make them happen. if you are looking to join our c&vs team, click on the link below!

          learn more about how you can get involved with c&vs
       








visit
we welcome tens of thousands of visitors every year! come tour our campus and learn all about what it means to be a terp. 

          plan your visit now!
       








plan
we help facilitate and coordinate conferences and events on every level. explore the wide array of facilities, services, and options available for your event!

          get started on planning your event now!
       














employment


order campus maps & visitor guides


hotels


contact us








conferences & visitor services
7736 baltimore ave, college park, md 20742
301-314-7884
 / 
301-314-7777
 · 
conferences@umd.edu





visit our twitter





visit our facebook





visit our linkedin












umd.edu


web accessibility


privacy notice





back to top






