


ohio lake management society  - water management association of ohio


























skip to main content











































member login
my shopping cart


 


shopping cart
cancel






add me to your mailing list










water management association of ohio
 

                                the only organization dedicated to all of ohio's water resources.




 home about us divisions conference event calendar publications join us










homeolms home



home
who we are
news & events
get involved
resources
the ohio lake management society (olms) is a division of the water management association of ohio. we are a non-profit dedicated to the protection of ohio’s lakes and their watershed. 
 
the mission of the ohio lake management society is to promote scientific research and sound management of ohio’s lakes through education and technical assistance, collection and dissemination of water quality data and advocacy of the policies that enhance the quality and protect the ecological and recreational benefits of lakes for the people of ohio.


 olms objectives:
 

promote and provides a forum for sharing of information and experiences on scientific, administrative, legal and financial aspects of lake and watershed management.
fosters the development of local lake restoration and protection programs in accordance with appropriate management strategies.
encourages support and development of local, state and national programs, policies and legislation promoting lake and watershed management.
encourages the cooperation and interaction of organizations, agencies, units of government and individuals concerned with lake and watershed improvement and protection.
encourages development and enforcement of laws designed to protect lakes and watersheds.
lake management service providers

the ohio lake management society partners with industry leaders, both public and private companies, to offer educational events and information dissemination related to managing lakes and reservoirs. these service providers give their support to our efforts in scientific research, review of the latest technology, and educational outreach in ohio communities. more information on lake and environmental service providers can be found hereupcoming eventsupcoming events





awards and past recipients


 each year, olms presents a number of awards at the annual wmao conference to honor those individuals who have dedicated themselves to lake management and applaud their outstanding work. to learn more about our awards and past award recipients, visit our awards page

  












home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 







