







famous modern art galleries & museums in toronto






































































  
home
galleries and museums
tourist attractions
unforgettable time in ontario
contact























"the most beautiful experience we can have is the mysterious. it is the fundamental emotion that stands at the cradle of true art and true science,” wrote albert einstein in his famous essay “the world as i see it.”  
							the best museums and galleries
 in toronto 
							modern technology and contemporary art mix to create something stunning. centuries-old paintings and statues still excite our imagination!

what’s impressive about humanity is that we preserved some of the best pieces of art in pristine condition in our modern art museums. one of the examples is le gallery, a privately held organization that represents contemporary artists from toronto, ontario. 
							 



















best galleries and museums in ontario

if you want to enrichen yourself culturally, visiting some of the finest modern art museums and galleries in toronto is a good idea. this city is the cultural capital of north america and offers a wide variety of places to see.

royal ontario museum or rom. you shouldn’t even think about skipping this one. rom is the largest museum of natural history and modern art in canada and one of the largest in north america. local dwellers regularly visit this establishment, but it also attracts over a million visitors annually. many travel for thousands of miles to see exhibits showcased in rom.
art gallery of ontario or ago. do you love paintings and art installations? do you find it entertaining to walk along photo walls with soul-touching images? if your answer is “yes,” make sure to visit this gallery at least one in your life. it is the second most visited museum in canada.
le gallery. real aesthetes who love sophisticated contemporary art will be amazed by the creativity of canadian artists. le gallery regularly hosts up and coming names and participates in exhibits hosted by other establishments like rom and ago.
museum of contemporary art toronto canada is one of the modern art museums helping canadian artists make a name for themselves. unlike le gallery, museum of contemporary art partners with businesses to provide more than just entertainment. visit forno cultura, an elegant fast food joint serving artisan sandwiches and unique coffee blends.























have fun during your stay in ontario

while visiting museums and enjoying culture should be enough to fill most of your free time, having fun is also essential. here are several places that you should visit:

for a quiet breakfast visit art square café and creperie. you will try some of the finest crepes in canada while enjoying paintings and photos showcased in the gallery. it’s not as fancy as modern art museums, but you will love featured works by small independent artists.
for a couple of drinks visit bar isabel on the college street. unique fancy drinks and impeccable service will make your evening genuinely memorable. it is one of the best artsy bars in toronto.
to have a nice dinner go to george restaurant. fancy dining and trained waiters will ensure that you don’t feel hungry. all dishes are designed for gourmets.
feel like dancing? go to the piston instead of a gallery. this night club hosts themed parties and regularly invites independent musicians. food and drinks are also amazing.
feeling lucky? woodbine casino is the best destination. a respected gambling establishment offers a hefty casino bonus, roulette games, and fast food as well as minor entertainments. it is a great place to spend a couple of hours. it may not be the best casino in the world, but you can play a couple of blackjack games in comfort.

tourists arriving in toronto should be informed about gambling in general. ontario does not prohibit gambling but regulates regular and online casinos. canada casinos are exactly what you expect them to be: luxurious halls with various casino games and overly polite staffers. most of the local casinos offer a wide variety of slots games and even entertainment programs with invited musicians and performers. experienced casino players know that canadian casinos are among the best worldwide, but the british casinos are also highly ranked. if you are interested in finding what the most popular british online casinos are, check this out and discover the reasons why they are better than the others.
you won’t get a casino bonus like in an online casino, but you it won’t make your enjoyment less memorable! but if you are up for online entertainment, there is a bunch of ways to play for free. see how to make most out of mobile gambling with the help of free casino bonuses and top-notch australian mobile apps.















must visit tourist attractions in toronto


if you have never been to this amazing canadian city, you are in for a treat. toronto is far less fancy than paris, but it still has a lot to offer. aside from modern art museums, you will be able to see:

ripley’s aquarium of canada allows its guests to interact with over 20 thousand different aquatic animals. it is a gigantic place with lots of interactive attractions and opportunities to make a photo right next to a white shark! it’s like a gallery of sea creatures!
hockey hall of fame is another excellent place to visit. it is a gallery with photos and exhibits related to one of the most popular games in the world. canadian national men’s hockey team won the iihf championship 26 times! there is enough history to fill several halls of fame!
ontario science center. canada is one of the leading countries in terms of scientific research. if you want to take a closer look at technological achievements made by this nation, visiting this center is strongly recommended.






best places where you can stay in toronto

if you are looking to stay in the city for a while, booking a hotel is a good idea. luxury hotels offer more than just a comfy bed. you can indeed find a place with a nice restaurant and a big casino. we certainly recommend you to check out the woodbine hotel. suites here are nice and clean. you may get a special casino bonus from the administration if you stay in suites.
caesars windsor is a luxurious hotel in riverside that has a good casino with standard games including roulette and poker. room amenities include free wi-fi to play in an online casino, television, ac, and fridge. it is a beautiful place to stay for a couple of stress-free days while enjoying toronto.














 
 


top street art spots in toronto


while visiting modern art museums is incredible, you can also enjoy the fullest extent of artistic expression from local citizens by visiting several cool places in toronto!

liberty village. carpet factory. this fantastic piece of street art looks like a big carpet and makes the whole building look cozy!
liberty village/west queen west. reclamation wall. several artists worked on this project to turn a brick wall into a collection of fantastic graffiti.
graffiti walls on ossington avenue and wqw. many street art spots are situated on ossington avenue. if you like weird graffiti, you simply have to check out this improvised gallery!
















stay connected

subscribe




receive e-mail updates on our exhibitions, events, and more:







leave this field empty if you're human: 





















 

extras 
twitter
youtube
instagram
snapchat
facebook


contacts harvard art museums
32 quincy street
cambridge, ma 02138
1 (617) 495-9400

open hours daily: 10:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m.
monday & holidays: closed

 













  
 
				copyright © le gallery / all rights reserved			











































