


joe breskin - senior generalist - technology marketing, political analysis, ongoing projects, online journals, what happening in port townsend washington 



















senior generalist 






protests around the world.bhopal, india 3-21-03








my latest large scale more or less completed project.proof of concept for greenhouse effect greenhouse. 








this site has gotten pretty long in the tooth, and it is currently looking (at least to me) a lot like a too-long-unweeded garden, gone to seed in front of an abandoned mansion. 
  

here's a capsule summary of what happened. just about five years ago - after more than a decade of continuous development - i made a major course-correction. i did it in response to a direct challenge from an old friend from college days. he challenged me to step off the dock (this static website) and plunge into the 'alternate world' of social networks. try to "raise the general level of discourse ..." on facebook. 

in the beginning, (may 2007) i grabbed a bunch of ning domains, registered myself as a wikipedia editor,  developed a wiki on zoho (as a manageable sandbox, intending to transfer its content to wikipedia), and of course, i started a blog (long since abandoned). i also started attending a group called seattle net tuesday and tossing meaningful content into the wasteland that was then facebook and after about a year and a half of trying to keep this site connected to what i was doing (primarily developing airflow and heatflux models to support an integrated approach to designing and fabricating 'permanently affordable' housing) on my desktop and what i was sharing on facebook, i declared that fb would be my primary one-to-many external communication tool (rather than this site, 2 listserves, and some email lists) and i also started using googledocs for more and more of my collaboration. 

for most of the past few years i have tried to maintain a parallel presence in the very different worlds  of facebook and  google+ and right now i am not happy with how either of these platforms is evolving, so i am revisiting the possibilites offered by a more secure collaborative platform hosted on my own server(s) rather than continue on googledrives, dropboxes, or skydrives. 

in the meantime, i am very easy to find on both fb and g+ and most of my posts are public. i'm  at this link on facebook and you do not need a g+ or even a gmail account to find my profile on google+ - you don't even need that link - just google  joe breskin profile
the two major new projects i am currently working on are a dirt cheap non toxic organic electrolyte flow battery with carbon plates made from biomass using pyrolysis and a new kind of brushless permanent magnet motor for electric bicycles.



 






original html design 1996 - 2003 by  joe breskin  all rights reserved there are many ways to contact joe breskin ... 



