




the catwalk































































                                information
              




                                history
              



                                general info
              



                                paper materials
              



                                commercials
              



                                prototypes
              












                                horses
              




                                fashionstar fillies
              



                                feelin' fancy
              



                                sassy sixteens
              



                                royal beauties
              



                                songstar sixteens
              



                                sweet scent sixteens
              



                                starstyler
              



                                stallion
              












                                fashions
              




                                adult fashions
              



                                teen fashions
              






                                starspangles
              









                                me
              




                                about me
              



                                wanted
              






                                contact
              











search



























home












"one name is on the lips of every fashion designer around the world and that name is fashionstar fillies. these beautiful filly models have taken the fashion world by storm and have created a lot of excitement since coming on the fashion scene. this combination of little girls' two greatest loves, hair play and horses, makes for the first fashion doll line where fillies are the focus. each of the models has her own authentic sculpting and individual personality, creating the most exciting and unique fashion doll on the market." - the future's so bright kenner 1988 toy fair catalog pg. 45

the catwalk not an official site of kenner or its parent companies, it is a fan site. all information herein is directly acquired from official kenner materials or pieced together from various sources related to kenner or the fashionstar fillies. there may be some errors and omissions. fashionstar fillies and category names are registered trademarks of kenner (kpt).
if you are a kenner ex-employee and were involved in the development of fashionstar fillies, i'd love to hear from you! i'm always interested in finding new information, photos, prototypes, pre-production samples and anything involving the fillies.
would you like to sell fashionstar fillies items you have? contact me for an offer. offer pricing subject to rarity, condition, and interest.





























facebook














              © 2025 - the catwalk
            















