






curriculum development for schools - creative change educational solutions
























































contact us
crc log in
  
 
 










about us

our story


our work

our clients
testimonials


curriculum resource center
 





select page


  
 



 



 







 







this is the book your students need you to read
reframing the curriculum is a practical, hands-on guide to weaving the concepts of healthy communities, democratic societies, and social justice into academic disciplines.
download free resources
order the book
 

 
 
 
 
 




mission accomplished
for almost 20 years, creative change has helped schools and universities transform their curriculum through a lens of sustainability, resulting in engaged students, impassioned teachers, equitable schools, and stronger communities. throughout our history, we’ve worked with exceptional k-12, university and nonprofit clients, from local school districts to the united nations. our case studies demonstrate the positive impact of our work on thousands of students and teachers.
in 2018, our mission to transform education leapt to a new platform when founder and executive director susan santone released reframing the curriculum: design for social justice and sustainability. the book, co-published by routledge and kappa delta pi (kdp), pulls together 20+ years of the approaches that have made creative change so impactful. to further expand the reach, kdp is offering webinars and online courses on sustainability and social justice developed in partnership with susan. 
the book and online programming represent a turning point for both creative change and susan. by bringing our work to a much wider audience, these new platforms carry out our mission more efficiently. creative change has thus ceased formal activity, and susan is now pursuing related and new opportunities under her own name at www.susansantone.com. 
we extend a tremendous thank-you to the teachers, students, and community partners we have had the honor to collaborate with over the years. our passion has not gone away; you’ll just find it in a different place. 
susan invites you to contact her to explore new possibilities. 

 
 
 
 


 
 
  
  
 
 



contact us
crc log in
 
 





facebook




twitter


© 2015 creative change educational solutions  

 
 
 

















share this





facebook





twitter





















