




















home































main content





site traffic information and cookies
we use cookies to collect and analyse information on our site's performance and to enable the site to function. cookies also allow us and our partners to show you relevant ads when you visit our site and other 3rd party websites, including social networks. you can choose to allow all cookies by clicking ‘allow all’ or manage them individually by clicking ‘manage cookie preferences,’ where you will also find more information.


manage cookie preferences
allow all












bp global







worldwide










search


search




































australia



previous


home





            accelerating australia
            
                




            who we are
            
                




            products and services
            
                




            community
            
                




            news and insights
            
                




            careers
            
        






bp global







worldwide





next







contact us





find your nearest bp











close overlay



search

















suggestions


                                view all results
                                


































bp ultimate fuels 

our dirt-busting bp ultimate fuels are specially formulated to clean your engine as you drive - to help keep your vehicle performing at its best











we serve more than just fuel 

we strive to be a world-class operator, a responsible corporate citizen and a great employer.











our truck-friendly network 

we are lighting the road ahead with an extensive network of around 500 truck-friendly service stations, including our very own truck stop network.






























                    
                    
                        accelerating australia
                        























                    
                    
                        oil and gas
                        















                    
                    
                        convenience
                        















                    
                    
                        bioenergy
                        















                    
                    
                        ev charging
                        















                    
                    
                        renewables and power
                        















                    
                    
                        hydrogen
                        




























                    
                    
                        careers
                        


projects to challenge you. people to inspire you. training to develop you. bp offers everything you need for a rewarding career












                    
                    
                        fuel pricing
                        


find out how we price fuel for sale to wholesale customers












                    
                    
                        sustainability
                        


our new strategy kickstarts a decade of delivery towards our #bpnetzero ambition






































global news and publications









                    
                    
                        sustainability report 2023
                        















                    
                    
                         energy outlook 2024
                        















                    
                    
                        annual report 2023
                        




















bp p.l.c.
copyright © 1996-2025




                                    site index
                                



                                    privacy statement
                                



                                    we acknowledge the traditional custodians of the land on which we work and live, and pay respect to elders past, present and emerging. bp is committed to supporting reconciliation in australia as outlined in our reconciliation action plan.
                                



                                    legal notice
                                



                                    cookie preferences
                                


connect with us on:



































