


your safety & security headquarters - stun guns, pepper spray, diversion safes, and hide a key.-black ridge security products
















black ridge personal security productsprotecting your home and family since 1998 - a united states based company!








home - policies - canadian customers
is it legal in your state? check here >  stunlaws

!!no sales of these items outside the us. stun guns are illegal in canada and most countries.     secure order processing online *card limitations


 





 








wholesale pepperspray, stunguns,
                                and self defense products.stunguns as of july 2007!!!
 




notice!!! some
                                                of our pages are down right now as a result of a host change. they
                                                will be fixed over the next few days. please bear with
                                                us.





 




your safety, your security. we are there when
                                                you need us. you  need quality security and self defense
                                                      products such as pepperspray, stunguns, tasers, personal
                                                      alarms, car alarms, and diversion safes. if by some chance
                                                      you don't find what you need just email us and make a
                                                      request. *note we cannot ship
                                                      pepperspray or stunguns internationally! other international orders require a $100 minimum
                                                      order. double check the laws in
                                                      your state before you order pepperspray and stunguns.adsense





stungunswe are now adding even more types/models of stunguns. we now have so
                                      many that we have to spread them over 3 pages. 1 2 3





stun guns are an electrical
                                                self-defense device that uses high voltage to stop an attacker.
                                                touching a person with the prongs on the stun guns quickly
                                                immobilizes the attacker. however, because the amperage is very
                                                low, no serious or permanent injury is inflicted.  we offer
                                                the popular raptor units which is perhaps the most popular name
                                                brand in the world.  in addition, they also make one of the
                                                most powerful stun guns at 750,000 volts. please note that some
                                                states restrict the use of stun guns. we have no idea why someone
                                                would want to limit anyone's ability to defend themselves. we think
                                                stun guns are great but you need to check the laws in your state.
                                                some stun guns are also disguised as a cell phone, pager or even
                                                incorporated in a police baton. stun guns are great for attacks
                                                that are too close for effective use of pepper spray. buy your stun
                                                guns here!
                                                here are a few of the stun guns we carry








 
                                                streetwise stungun 150
 
                                                cell phone stungun 80
 
cell phone stungun
                                                mtd125


 streetwise
                                                     stungun 300
 
streetwise stungun
                                                900
 raptor stunpen
                                                     200



small fry
                                                300

small fry
                                                600

small fry
                                                900



flashlight
                                                stungun3n1
 
 




check out our new 900,000 streetwise stungun.
                                possibly the most powerful stunguns in the world. in addition streetwise stunguns
                                have important safety features that other stunguns don't.

pepperspray
    the neat
                                thing about pepper spray is that not only does it have a range of about 10 to 12
                                feet but it is very inexpensive allowing you to buy 4 or 5 pepperspray to keep in
                                handy locations or to hand out to your friends.    pepperspray comes
                                in many sizes, the smaller 1/2 oz sizes are great for carrying on your key chain or
                                in your pocket when walking or jogging. these are often referred to as key chain
                                pepperspray.   the larger sizes of pepperspray are great to have around the
                                house in case the need ever arises to defend yourself in your
                                home. pepperspray gives you more range then stunguns
click
                                      here to buy pepperspray products.
                                here are a few of the peppersprays we carry. click on the link for
                                pictures.




 
pepper spray pager
 
pepper spray key ring
 
pepper foam key ring


 
pepper spray pen
 
pepper spray 2oz
 
pepper spray 3oz


 
pepper spray 2oz holster
 
pepper spray 3oz holster
 
pepper spray 4oz






                                home security
    having a gun or pepper spray close by
                                doesn't do you any good if you are sleeping or do not have adequate warning. 
                                our home
                                security products are designed to warn you of any intrusions in time to call
                                the police and use your personal protection devices.  our alarms include
                                motion detector alarms, window alarms, and even a barking electronic dog to scare
                                away potential attackers.  click here for home defense
                                products

                                diversion safes
there are tons of different types of diversion safes
                                available but this is a small collection of what we consider the absolute finest.
                                well let me rephrase this. the first 4 are our favorite safes. however we
                                decided to add all the diversion safes
                                we could find just because we know that everybody is different and people like
                                selection. be patient with us though as we add these other diversion safes.
                                there are allot of them and it will take some time but we hope you like them. here
                                are just 6 of our favorites.





                                                candle safe

                                                book safe

                                                florescent light safe



                                                hidden wall outlet safe

                                                soda can safe

peanut butter can
                                                safe





key
                                hiders
key hiders are a new product for use as of december. i am sure we
                                set records getting to a number one position in google for it. the website was
                                brand new and literally the day after we entered the key hider,
                                   hide a
                                   key, products we got a sale. when we checked we found that we were
                                   number one for key hiders. granted it is not a very competitive term but
                                   we were thrilled. we even got number 5 for the term key hider. shove
                                   those into google and with a bit of luck we will still be there. now if we could
                                   just do that with stun guns and home security maybe we could hire a few more
                                   people that desperately need jobs.
spy
                                products
we put off adding these because we felt that "spy" related stuff
                                detracted from the main message and theme that our website was about. however all
                                cant be about life and death and how to protect yourself. you need to have fun now
                                and then and some of these spy products are just plain fun to play with. i use the
                                phone recorder to record conversations with other businesses that like to wrangle
                                deals on the phone because it doesn't leave a paper trail then later they claim
                                that they didn't make those claims. a recording of their claims in court is nearly
                                an instant win. want to win your court case just add a good recording of those
                                scumbags and its a done deal. our lights &
                                lasers section has some other pretty cool things that are fun to play
                                with.

wholesalers:your discounts are
                                computed automatically at 5% over $50 and 10% over $100
     a message to our customers:
all the consumer related data that we have seen says we should
                                have pictures on this page. the problem is we feel the index page should, for the
                                most part, be the hub of the website. as the hub of the website it should impart
                                information and direct users to the areas they are looking for. while primarily
                                providing personal security items like pepperspray and stunguns, we
                                have recently added allot more inventory in the area of key hiders (otherwise known
                                as hide a keys) and spy products. spy products are mostly targeted
                                towards children but there are a number of useful items that can help folks out.
                                the telephone recording device can be very useful when you have salesmen
                                (like at&t cell phone reps.) that continually lie to you on the phone when you
                                call asking for service. or perhaps if you suspect your phone is bugged we have a
                                couple of devices designed to detect those. the big surprise to use has been the
                                popularity of the hide a key key hiders. we recently added a
                                few more and the result was a number one listing in google for the term key
                                hiders and a number 3 listing for key hider.    the way
                                we got started with those was by customer request, so don't be afraid to email us
                                and ask for an item you might not have found.
in april we started carrying even more specialized stunguns in
                                the form of flashlight batons and the increasingly popular small fry
                                stunguns.
pepperspray
stunguns




note to the public!! tasers, stunguns, and pepper spray
                                are to be used only in extreme situations where it would normally be justified to
                                use a realgun. indiscriminate use of these non-lethal devices will result in their
                                being banned in states other then the handful on the east coast.








stun guns, tasers, stun batons, stun pens on sale stun gun page 2 small fry mini stun gun and other great stun guns 







note!!!
it is the buyers responsibility, not the seller, to ascertain and obey all
                applicable local, state, and federal laws regarding the possession and use of any item offered by
                black ridge security self defense products. if you are unsure,
                please contact your local or state authorities. also, be sure and check the laws
on stun guns for your state, county and country legality.
                don't even think about ordering pepperspray or stunguns if you don't live in the
                usa.



























 



 




email us




 




   






security
                                                                      products







animal
                                                                  deterrents

                                                            peppersprays

                                                            stungunz

home
                                                            security

                                                            chimes

metal
                                                            detectors

money
                                                            detectors

cctv
                                                            cameras

dummy
                                                            cameras

diversion
                                                            safes 
key
                                                            hiders






all safety

products






 
safety lights
 
flash lights
 
fire safety
 
child
                                                                safety







all spy
                                                                      products






 
spy sunglasses
 voice changers
 
listening
                                                                devices
 
tap detectors
 
invisible ink







all electronic

gadgets




 
                                                        radios
 batteries 
 lights &
                                                              lasers
 
phone
                                                              accessories
 
recording
                                                              devices



car alarms and
                                                                  accessories





car alarms

remote car
                                                            starters

shaved door
                                                            handles

power window
                                                            kits

keyless
                                                            entry 
power door
                                                            locks




black-ridge
                                                                  information




 about
                                                                  us
 
                                                            out of stock!
 
                                                            contact us
 
                                                            privacy policy
 policies, laws & terms
 link to
                                                                  us









 





support
                                            silent lambs:














 














 










