


home » interstate gymnastics and dance

































































 

interstate gymnastics and dance


		gymnastics and dance classes, methuen 
	






 









home

mom & tot/tots w/o tears

mom & tot

tots without tears


gymnastics

our gym program


dance

our dance program


xtreme ninja

xtreme ninja


birthday parties

birthday party info (methuen)

birthday party info (amesbury)

participant waivers

birthday party invitation outside (methuen)

birthday party invitation inside

birthday party invitation outside (amesbury)


tuition/calendar

contact








home

sign up today!  space is limited.
new students:
we are glad to announce that our schedules are complete for gymnastics, dance & ninja at methuen & amesbury (gymnastics only) locations for the 2024-2025 season. if you are a new student please visit https://app.iclasspro.com/portal/interstate to find classes that fit into your schedule. the customer portal defaults to our methuen location, but you can change locations in the drop down menu.
previous students:
your instructor has placed you in an appropriate class for the upcoming season. we have sent an enrollment email with your class day and time info for the 2024-2025 season. if that class doesn’t fit your schedule or you will not be returning, please email us interstategymdance@gmail.com.
returning students:
**if your family has ever been enrolled in a class at interstate we have already set up your iclasspro account.  if you have not set up a password yet or you forget your password, you can access it by clicking: https://app.iclasspro.com/portal/interstate. then click the “reset password” and enter your primary email address.  you will receive a link to reset the password for your account.**








it’s our belief at interstate that gymnastics is total fitness.  gymnastics is the combined effort of mind and body in movement through space. it provides unlimited values through the combination of physical and social exploration. the development of healthy bodies will help to eventually produce sound minds. the goal of our program is to provide each student with the opportunity to discover and develop their individual talents by nurturing their creativity and self-expression.
interstate gymnastics and dance  is located at:   5 burnham road | methuen, ma | 01844  978.688.8939





	links:
	
massachusetts girls gymnastics

region 6 mens' gymnastics




		© 2025 interstate gymnastics and dance|prophoto blogsite 









f
a
c
e
b
o
o
k







s
u
b
s
c
r
i
b
e


subscribe by email


enter your email to get notifications of blog updates by email.  you will receive a confirmation email.  you must click on the link to activate your subscription.










