









the daily motivator - enduring purpose






























toggle navigation
  the daily motivator®




about

about the daily motivator
faq
subscriber faq
who is ralph marston
privacy statement
source of strength
reprint permission
linking to the daily motivator
contact


motivation

today's daily motivator
books by ralph marston
daily motivator archive
random daily message
search
special features
inspiring images
monthly motivator archive
daily video archive
feature videos


members

login
subscribe
gift subscription
account settings
renew subscription
subscriber support
monthly motivator
motivational audio program
today's video message
daily video archive
e-book download


subscribe

subscribe
gift subscription
books by ralph marston


more

print this page
books by ralph marston
youtube channel
linkedin
spanish version
twitter
instagram
special features
reprint permission
rss feed
make a donation




login









there is no security on this earth, there is only opportunity.-- general douglas macarthur 


 





tuesday, february 18, 2025
enduring purpose
 following purpose is more work than pursuing pleasure. yet a devotion to purpose can bring much greater value, particularly over time.
in and of itself, pleasure is desirable, enjoyable, and can be harmless. yet the constant, unbroken pursuit of pleasure deprives you of opportunities for more valuable and productive activities.
with the future by its very nature filled with uncertainty, it might seem that living for the moment is the smartest choice. there is, however, an even better choice.
you can live in the moment, and indeed live very well in each moment, while also living for an enduring purpose that transcends the moment. you can invest in the future while also finding satisfaction and enjoyment in the present.
no matter how much you possess or experience, no amount of pleasure can sustain you. at some point you will be forced to call upon purpose, and the more of it you’ve seeded into your life, the better.
as you enjoy the blessings of each day, seek ways to employ them toward meaningful, purposeful ends. give your life the power of endurance that can only come with purpose.
— ralph marston
good connections       









copyright â©2025 ralph s. marston, jr. all rights reserved. the daily motivator is 
							provided for your personal, non-commercial use only. other than 
							personal sharing, please do not re-distribute without permission.

































