

http://www.buildyourownhouse.ca




<  >
buildyourownhouse.ca is your complete guide for you to build your own house, and for building and renovation information online, and, it's funny, so you'll have a few laughs while you're reading some great building information and fantastic renovation tips! you'll be amazed at how much money you can save by building your own house. you can save up to hundreds of thousands of dollars, sometimes you can save over a million dollars, depending on where you're building, and how fancy your dream house is, by building your own house! and, you can learn how to do some easy and inexpensive renovation ideas to fix up your whole place. you might like to do my favorite thing -- buy a place that is in need of renovation, renovate it so it looks better than new, and sell it at a profit, or build your own house, live in it for a couple of years, and sell it-- now that's where the big money is, baby! photo gallery , pictures of the last house i designed and built.  <tweet  > 
full site menu for www.buildyourownhouse.ca (there's a lot of fun stuff! lol!)
pictures of the last house i built :) 
 my blog!! yippee, i finally figured out how to do a blog!! http://buildyourownhousebodylife.blogspot.com (lots more pictures of me on my blog!! lol!)
how to build your own house in 6 easy-to-follow stages : learn all the stages you need to know to build your own home , buy a new home , renovate your home , or sell your own house. 
this is a great way to quickly see the stages involved in building your own house. the written timelines are all above the pictures of each stage, and you can click on each box to see whatever building stage you are particularly interested in ... i love all the pictures, but i really love the pictures at the drywall and insulation stage -- i thought that was so cool the way the peak in the great room came together! we came in $40,000 under budget on this house, which was fantastic. i can't urge you enough to be extra nice when you are looking for your best deals, and go directly to the source when you are buying big ticket items, like windows and doors, lumber, cement...really, let them know you are the builder, and you should get the builders' pricing - you'll save a bundle!
changing your lighting will change out the feel of your whole room, and it's easy to do. you'll love your new look! 
< > this is my favorite carbon dioxide detector, because you just plug it in - so easy, and very inexpensive. 
just in case you're in an area where the storms are a'comin'...or, in our case, for earthquake preparedness... emergency fuel cell charger kit -- great for charging your cell phone and laptop computer on the go, and a life saver in an emergency -- this is a very cool product! 
recipes * romantic recipes *apple crumble diet recipe  - ailsa's scottish diet - new scottish steak pie! - crab legs - fruit puffs, cinnamon buns, cherry cheesecake , easy schmeasy pie crust , creamy delicious peach pie ,  blueberry tart  , cookies 'n cream cake , great bbq marinade , salsa chicken , macaroni salad , taco spaghetti, 'pass da' pasta , rosemary steak, onion barley (an aphrodisiac - lol!), crab legs , apple crumble for one , barbequed meatballs , barbequed veggies, stuffed peppers , chicken noodle soup, soft tacos, marshmallow bunnies -easy recipes - tips 
tell a friend about my site 
quick house overview
home safety & emergencies

stage one : stage one february 1st -> march 3rd (read the written time-line)

stage two : stage two march 4th -> april 24th (read the written time-line) 

stage three : stage three april 25th -> july 11th (read the written time-line)

stage four : stage four july 12th -> august 19th (read the written time-line)

stage five : stage five august 20th -> september 7th (read the written time-line)
 
stage six : stage six september 8th -> present (read the written time-line)

quick house overview
home safety & emergencies

tia, my sweet litte dog!
 well, we really, really love our wee dog, tia, so i created a whole page just for her! it's always fun to look at pictures of cute little dogs -- it can be a nice wee break in your day! click here to see cute pictures of tia! (and good tips for pet owners!)
 at home with ailsa - my update page! 
<> and now for even more casino, online gambling fun... : ) 
click here for the complete site menu. it's a great big site, chock full of all sorts of fun stuff and useful information... take your time and have a wee look around -- i think you might be surprised by some of the stuff you find!
< > this is the carbon monoxide detector that i ordered - it just plugs into any outlet - so easy to install, and very inexpensive. carbon monoxide detectors are mandatory in california, and, most likely, will become mandatory where you live - they're just a very good thing to have in your home for your safety and the safety of your family. i was surprised at how inexpensive carbon monoxide detectors are, and how easy they are to install. the one i bought just plugs into the wall - so easy! and now you're super-safe! yeah! i want you to be safe and sound! : )
if you want to know the basics of building your own house, having a new house built for you, or are renovating your current home, you've come to the right place. you'll find everything you need to know to build your own house or do a complete renovation of your home. if you are thinking about buying a new home or selling your home, you'll find lots of useful information to help you buy your own house or sell your own house, too, and have a few laughs along the way!
find out how to buy your first home, how to sell your home ,  learn about mortgages the easy way, investing in real estate for your retirement (or just to get rich! ha,ha,ha!)... all sorts of great financial information! and now i have direct links to the mls real estate listings, so you can find a house or a building lot.  home search -- mls . get your lowest rate with an online mortgage. get pre-qualified or pre-approved so you'll know what you can comfortably afford.  (living within your means is one of the keys to your overall happiness!) 
 -- great for charging your cell phone and laptop computer on the go, and a life saver in an emergency -- this is my favorite new product! very cool:fuel cell charger kit
the best way to get the word out about a website is by 'word of mouth', or in my case, by e-mail. i'd love it if you would tell your friends & family about www.buildyourownhouse.ca -- you know i'll love you for it! (you know, from afar...! haha!) thank you! ailsa
<





>
 at home with ailsa - my update page! - more pictures of tia, the dog! . come in and see me ,ailsa forshaw , for my update on my life 'n stuff ,'at home with ailsa', with home improvement tips, great building & construction ideas, family & relationship chat, tv talk -- all sorts of stuff to make your whole life better -- and, of course, lots of laughs!
check out ask ailsa for the answers to all your building, construction, real estate, family or 'other' questions!
contact ailsa * contact ailsa - find out about the wholesale custom buffwear (like on survivor!), only with your logo on it! great for sports teams, schools, organizations ... and a great fundraiser!
site menu * full site menu
thanks for coming in for a wee visit! see you soon! you can contact ailsa at ailsa.forshaw@gmail.com 
disclaimer - link to www.buildyourownhouse.ca
copyright 2002 to present
**i don't mind if you copy the lists provided on this site, unless you are using them for another site or publication. please contact me at ailsa.forshaw@gmail.com if you would like to reprint any information on the site. and if you're an actual publisher, please contact me and we'll work out a book deal!
ailsa forshaw's site domain names:www.buildyourownhouse.ca - www.youcanbuildahouse.com -www.youcanbuildyourownhouse.com - www.buildbuyrenovatesell.com - www.thescottishdiet.com -www.athomewithailsa.com
full site menu * tell a friend about this site
< > flowers, gifts, chocolates, beer (!) - lots of fun gift ideas!
  ailsa's favorite books - ailsa's amazon.com page - i always get the amazon.com gift certificates, especially for family & friends who live further away. the amazon gift certificates are delivered in days, and they're incredibly easy for anyone to use. perfect gift idea!
sexy outfits and a giant shoe sale! aaand, great bathing suits!! i never want to spend too much on bathing suits, because i'm in the pool and the hot tub all the time, and they wear out so quickly, so when i find great bating suits at fantastic prices, i gots ta share the information, right?? we friends like that! lol! i really like their bikinis, but that's just me! see what will work for you ... electriqueboutique.com has an enormous selection of very sexy outfits! electriqueboutique.com always has an amazing shoe sale, so it's definitely worth going through their sale pages! you can find some incredible deals in there on sexy outfits and shoes! woohoo!
i've bought a lot of fabulous stuff from electriqueboutique.com over the last few years, and they are exceptionally easy to work with online.(check out their sexy outfits, too!) and their shoes and boots fit like a dream! i think i've bought three pairs of their thigh high boots, and they all fit perfectly! now's the time to give that a try, if you haven't got some sitting in your closet, right now! haha! electrique boutique
flowers - chocolates - jewelry - sexy stuff - shoes - books (yes, this can be romantic, depending on the books!) - weddings 
<  >
<  >
to top

