 











siliconindia : a leading business enterprises & industries magazine




















































siliconindia











advertisewith us 


















toggle navigation









home
news
viewpoint
startup


magazines
conferences
ceos
subscribe
about us

awards













india
us
europe
apac


























on the deck

















‹
›
























 

si tech 20
obtaining value from data as an asset


we are in a data world where we constantly hear “data is the new oil”, “i want to be a data scientist or work in artificial intelligence”, what data is xyz





 


dinesh v patel, ceo - protagonist therapeutics (ptgx)


dinesh v. patel, ph.d., is a distinguished leader in the biopharmaceutical industry, serving as the director, president, and ceo of protagonist





 


divine heart center: merging spirituality with success in the corporate world


spirituality has often been associated with rejecting the materialistic world and living a life of detachment. but that is not the only way.









 


corporate technology transformation: a strategic approach


for many years, corporate technology applications, especially in non-revenue-generating departments like hr, finance, marketing, legal, compliance





 


eb5 brics: transforming immigration through investment


for many investors around the world, the united states is the ultimate destination for personal growth and professional opportunities.





 


the synergy of brains and bytes


ramesh jagannathan is a distinguished expert in digital transformation and enterprise architecture with 27 years of experience across fortune 500








‹
›





 













a glimpse into probable digital commerce system


every company strives to expand and boost earnings by...








u.s. and india forge strategic partnership to enhance trade, defense, and energy

in a significant diplomatic engagement, indian prime minister narendra modi and u.s. president donald trump convened at the white house on february...







u.s. and india forge strategic tech alliance to propel ai and semiconductor inno

in a significant move to bolster technological collaboration, indian prime minister narendra modi and u.s. president donald trump have unveiled a...







a glimpse into probable digital commerce system

every company strives to expand and boost earnings by increasing customer loyalty, attracting new customers, and exploring business expansion






















indian-americans celebrate trump's authenticity and promise-keeping


indian-americans have found a unique resonance with former president donald trump, particularly in his...










immigrants to innovators who are redefining the american dream


indian americans have emerged as one of the most significant immigrant communities in the united states. with 5.4 million members living...








two indian americans, including a sikh, elected to virginia state legislature


in a milestone reflecting the growing diversity of american politics, two indian americans—one of whom is sikh—have clinched...



















silicon valley's great ai leap


the year 2024 will be remembered as the moment artificial intelligence moved from buzzword to bedrock for...










zemetric: powering the global ev infrastructure with scalable solutions


what if fleet electrification wasn’t a complex process but a straightforward solution every business could easily implement?








six indian americans take the oath in historic us house milestone


on january 4, six indian-americans were sworn in as members of the u.s. house of representatives, marking a significant milestone for the...




















the age of ai: a path to abundance or a challenge to humanity?

artificial intelligence (ai) is transforming society in ways that...









preeti lobana takes charge as google's country manager and vp for india

tech giant google (nasdaq: goog) recently announced the appointment of preeti lobana as its new country manager and vice president for...







tata group's global transformation under chandrasekarans leadership

chairman of tata group, natarajan chandrasekaran's leadership, particularly in expanding tata group's footprint in europe, has been...







urmila venugopalan appointed president and md of motion picture association's apac operations

indian-origin executive urmila venugopalan has been appointed the new president and managing director of the motion picture association


















the success of manoj bhargava; from business tycoon to social entrepreneur

manoj bhargava, an indian-american businessman and philanthropist, epitomizes the journey of an...









three indian-origin women make their way to america's richest self-made women list by forbes

three indian-origin women have secured places in the prestigious list of america’s richest self-made women compiled by forbes. these...







cloud destinations: streamlining cloud migration with devops expertise

making it all happen no matter what, is undoubtedly not an easy feat! but this has always been the primary motto for cloud destinations,...













vivek sankaran's strategic leadership at albertsons

vivek sankaran, the ceo of albertsons (nyse: aci), has led the company with a focus on operational...









accuknox: zero trust cybersecurity in the cloud-native era

technology companies find themselves at the beginning of an exciting era of cloud native applications. the cloud native architectures...





jay and jyoti chaudhry's commitment to academic empowerment

jay and jyoti chaudhry’s generous $4 million contribution to the university of cincinnati is a powerful testament to their commitment...



















raj subramaniam honored with distinguished leadership award

indian-american raj subramaniam, ceo of fedex corporation (fdx: nyse), was recognized for his leadership...









si 100 building a structured path to success

neeraj vijay is a growth-focused chief information officer, a digital innovator, and a lean startup coach with more than two decades of...







c+1 or c++ strategy - doing it right!

when corporates in western economies werelooking tooffshore their manufacturing operations from their home countries for various internal...













shaping the future of data engineering

kalpana tella is a data expert and a visionary who transforms raw data into powerful insights. with over 20...









empereal: helping in clean energy and water desalination

a household name today in enabling rapidly growing economies to manage their growing gap between demand and supply in energy and fresh water





manish bapna's leadership in environmental advocacy and global sustainability

us president joe biden recently appointed a prominent indian-american, manish bapna, the ceo of the natural resources defense council (nrdc)



















fremont's historic milestone with raj salwan as first indian american mayor

raj salwan made history as fremont’s first indian american mayor,...









mastech digital appoints nirav patel as ceo

pittsburgh-based digital transformation and information technology company mastech digital inc (mhh: nyseamerican)







appstle: rethinking e-commerce customer retention with advanced functionalities

online and e-commerce consumers today seek personalized experiences and seamless interactions across channels, making customer loyalty...







si 100 imposter syndrome and embracing our differences- my advice to my younger self

at the start of my career, i was conscious about how i would be perceived and often softened my uniqueness working hard to blend in; my age


















indian-origin ceo aravind srinivas pioneers ai evolution

aravind srinivas, an indian-american entrepreneur and the co-founder and ceo of perplexity ai, is making...









newrocket appoints harsha kumar as ceo

indian-american entrepreneur and technologist harsha kumar has been named the new ceo of newrocket.he brings over two decades of...







leena nair paving the way for diversity in luxury fashion

leena nair has emerged as one of the most influential figures in the luxury fashion industry, having taken the helm of chanel as ceo in...













lavanya chandrashekar appointed new cfo of news corp

lavanya chandrashekar, a successful indian-american financial executive, was recently nominated as the new...









fingernail sensor uses ai to monitor health

new york, ibm researchers have developed a first-of-a-kind "fingernail sensor" prototype that uses artificial intelligence and machine...





group chat, low light mode coming to duo

google is working towards bringing group calling feature as well as a new low light mode on its popular video chat mobile app duo.










































si 100 







immigration 
















 





featured vendors






spectral design & test: bespoke embedded memory ip for the semiconductor industry 





innovation junction, llc: delivering tangible results with purpose-driven innovation 





ideahelix inc: maximizing the benefits of salesforce investments





entelligence.ai: empowering engineering teams through context-driven ai





hex advisory group: disrupting the efficiency advisory experience





rbm software: customized e-commerce solutions with stellar service




























© 2025 siliconindia.com all rights reserved. newsletter | privacy policy | editorial policy | feedback policy






























 