


















police | burlington, ma








 















skip to main content























    our units      recruitment      community programs      new station      public resources  


 

 

 

 

 












search







 
 
 




































 














police logs








records request










 
 














firearms licensing








fingerprinting










 
 














forms








police details










 
 
 

 





 



  
 



  
 




a message from the chiefi hope that you find the information about our department helpful and encourage you to contact us for any assistance you may find necessary. the burlington police department is comprised of a very dedicated group of professional men and women that have made it their calling to serve the public. i am proud to lead this group as the chief of police, and i am sure that any of your interactions with anyone affiliated with the department will be positive. however, if for any reason we should fall short, please let us know. our department is a full-service police department with many special divisions and units. for anyone interested in a career with the burlington police department, periodically check in with us under our "recruitment" page for notices about upcoming exams. we anticipate holding a recruitment process every two years or less, and we encourage you to apply if you think you have what it takes to be a burlington police officer. regardless of when the process begins, your preparation should begin now. all of the necessary qualifications and the job description can be found on this site. thank you for exploring our site and stay healthy!sincerely,                                                                                                                   thomas p. browne                                                                                                                  chief of policethe mission of the burlington police department is to work with all citizens of the community, to create a safe and secure environment with an emphasis on equality, fairness, integrity, and professionalism.



 

  
 


  
 
 



  
 
 




 















 






  
 









    





 
 



  
 







contact us







45 center street


burlington, ma 01803


phone: 781-272-1212
 






  
 



  
 







quick links







schools



police



parks & recreation



library



looking for permits









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







site links







town of burlington home



site map



contact us



accessibility



copyright notices



privacy policy









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 













loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close



























arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









