

knowledge of london | london's best website 














cookie consent by freeprivacypolicy.com




































 
 












menu
antrim gardens relics
bucket list
copy cats
curiosities
curiosity corner
dorset in london
dukes head
funeral trains
hidden corners
jacobs island
jeremy bentham
jubilee penny
king charles i statue
lincoln memorial tower
london oddities
mole man of hackney 
moving objects
pole hill
police boxes
porters ring
rip the dog
shame of london
sir richard burton
ss great eastern
the cenotaph
the disappearing queen
time for two boys
watering holes













   knowledge of london: a guide to the curiosities of london since 2004
   













the origins of london


over the years london has become one of the most vibrant cities in the world. it has grown from a small iron age settlement on the banks of the river thames to a vast commercial city, with some of the world's renown architecture, as well as keeping with traditions of its past alive.
 the making of london was mainly due to the roman invasion of britain by claudius in 43 ad. their first capital city, however, was colchester in essex. london's main attraction for the romans was the river thames, which made it the best place in britain for trading with the rest of the roman empire. london or londinium as it was known in roman times became the centre of commerce and trade. 
for people visiting london for the first time, it must be one of bewilderment, from seeing london’s vast array of streets, laid without design or forethought. london was not planned; it has evolved, with each generation leaving its own footprint on the ever-changing face of london. 

londoners and visitors’ alike might think they already have a good knowledge of london; however, there are still many curiosities and unknown corners which are hidden secretly away, waiting to be discovered, behind the maze of a commercialised city which has now developed before us in recent years. 

almost every time a new building development takes place archaeologist have a dig down to roman levels and quite often make some startling discoveries. many of these can be seen in the museum of london, thanks to some of these discoveries we now know where the great forum of roman london was built and where the roman amphitheatre had once stood. the giant crossrail tunnels now being dug deep below the surface of london, have revealed many roman graves and plague pits.
yet there are two-thousand-year-old roman walls running above the surface through the city, which you can see and touch for free!  surprisingly there are many visitors who do not realise this, so the question must be asked, how much lesser known curiosities are going undiscovered by them? 

enjoy your london vist - the editor

searching out for those hidden places you might otherwise miss!    


    hidden corners
     tour little britain  
     deptford wanderings
      the reverand darling story   
     exploring wapping 
     sands studio's 

stone walls do not a prison make;nor iron bars a cage


newington gardens now occupies the site of horsemonger  lane gaol
     doctor crippen
     reginald christie
     marshalsea prison wall
     tothill fields prison gate 

     cells at newgate prison
     millbank prison cells

roman london, also a look at  hadrians wall

     travel up north to hadrians wall 
     round tower, barbican, london wall
     queen boudica
     roman temple of mithras

leisure

     royal hospital chelsea
     imperial war museum
     theatre land
     lungs of london 



famous writers in london

      peter pan statue
     george orwell in london  

     charles dickens and london. 
     william shakespeare in london 

 transporting londoners 
      joseph aloysius hansom safety cab.   
      george shillibeer and the omnibus.

     frederick william bremer first car
     morris motor company  

curiosities of london
     magpie alley 
     the law society copy cats 

     westminster bridge house story
     portland dorset building much of london  

some of london's best kept secrets
     queen caroline's sunken bath 
     the panyer boy 

     giro the german dog's grave
     the london horse hospital 




london time




  follow us

the contents of this website are the property of knowledgeoflondon.com and therefore must not be reproduced without permission. every effort is made to ensure the details contained on this website are correct, however, we cannot accept responsibility for errors and omissions.
 © copyright 2004 - 

contact us  |  advertise











