




home | division of gastroenterology and hepatology































































 
























skip to the end of the utility bar



unc school of medicine



unc chapel hill

unc health

intranet

login









skip to main content




department of medicine

division of gastroenterology and hepatology





search_for:


search




      search this site

      search unc school of medicine











toggle navigation




division of gastroenterology and hepatology



home
about
our team
training
research
patient care
news
 



 






gastroenterology
             

welcome to the unc division of gastroenterology and hepatology!  

we are committed to providing high quality, compassionate healthcare to people with digestive problems, advancing our understanding of gastrointestinal and liver diseases, and training future clinicians and researchers.  









who do we care for?


how to refer a patient?


looking to learn more about our fellowships?


how can you support our mission?








serving our community with compassionate, expert care, cutting-edge research, and top-notch training programs. 
meet our team


welcome
thank you for your interest in unc gi!  we are committed to improving wellbeing and relieving suffering from gastrointestinal and liver disease. we provide expert, compassionate care to more than 50,000 people each year in various outpatient, inpatient, and procedural settings. with more than $20 million in annual funding, we pursue research that pushes gastroenterology forward. and through our six fellowship programs, regular cme conferences, undergraduate medical school activities, and public outreach efforts, we educate countless fellows, internal medicine and surgical residents, medical students, community practitioners, and the public on these common diseases. we are proud of the work that we are doing and thank you for your interest in unc gi! 






our core pillars
the division of gastroenterology and hepatology is within the department of medicine, the largest department in the nation’s first public university. we are committed to diversity and inclusion and takes great pride in developing and outstanding physician leaders. championing transformative research that advances medical practice, we strive to provide expert, compassionate care to all north carolinians.
training research patient care



advancing the digestive health of the people of north carolina. 






ranking and statistics



22
best doctors
more than any other gi practice in the southeastern us




50k+
clinical encounters annually




275+
peer-reviewed publications annually




$20 million+
extramural research support annually








we are grateful for your support. 



support our mission
imagine a world free of digestive diseases and cancers!  your donations fund our discovery.  consider making a gift in support of research of diseases afflicting a friend, a loved one, or yourself.  today’s research becomes tomorrow’s cures.
make a gift




check out our latest news
















department of medicine
             
gastroenterology & hepatology is one of 12 divisions within the department of medicine. click below to learn more about the department.

department of medicine





 




linksadministrationnewssupport us
directions
directions to all of our locations can be found here.contact130 mason farm road
bioinformatics building cb# 7080
chapel hill, north carolina 27599-7080

phone: 984-974-5050
919-966-2516 (liver)
follow us    


chair's corner podcast
 











 © 2025 division of gastroenterology and hepatology

accessibility
privacy statement
intranet


notice of privacy practices
aviso de practicas privadas
nondiscrimination notice
aviso de no discriminacion


surprise billing and good faith estimate notices
avisos de facturas médicas sorpresas y avisos de presupuestos de buena fe





















 


