


	the cosmopolitan apartments - home










































 






 










 
























we do not have a special offer at this time.  please check back for updates!











4556 columbus street, virginia beach, va 23462

virginia beach, va


(757) 239-3947view specials







×




home


amenities


floor plans


gallery


location


residents


contact us


apply now





      apply now
    






	welcome home 








a whole new take on extraordinaryenjoy life within vibrant, walkable town center of virginia beach when you choose to live at the residences at the cosmopolitan. an established high-rise in town center, our elegant studios, 1-, 2-, and 3-bedroom residences offer city views and the best location in virginia beach. just outside your door are countless dining, shopping, and entertainment options with even more across the street. when you're not exploring the surrounding area, you'll love spending time in your beautiful apartment home! the cosmopolitan will whisk you away to a world of refinery and class: entertain family and friends in your lovely kitchen with quartz counter tops, shop till you drop downstairs, store new treasures in your oversized closet, and cozy up by the fireplace. plus, laundry day is easy with your personal washer and dryer. we also offer flexible leases on corporate apartments.



check availability: 

bedrooms
0  beds1  bed2  beds3+  beds


bathrooms
1 bath2 baths




search








town center living
shop, dine and play! experience all that the cosmopolitan apartments has to offer, just steps from your door.


	explore the neighborhood 
	 






features that excite
live in a fresh open community with cutting-edge design, incredible amenities, and engaging social spaces. 

cosmo 2.0  




apply online today
lease one of our sophisticated apartment homes from the comfort of your couch.  securing your new home has never been easier!

lease online  







play. relax. enjoy life.with premium finishes and wide open spaces, each apartment residence at the cosmopolitan apartments brings you unparalleled style and ultimate comfort.

experience our amenities  







what's happening at the cosmopolitan apartments

photo gallery 






the cosmopolitan apartmentsphoto gallery home






live convenientlydiscover a whole new world from our convenient location. located near dining, entertainment, and local nightlife, our apartments in town center of virginia beach feature a pedestrian-friendly neighborhood.  

explore the neighborhood  







the cosmopolitan apartments4556 columbus street




virginia beach, va 23462

(757) 239-3947




office hours






office hours:
×


monday: 9:00am to 5:00pmtuesday: 9:00am to 5:00pmwednesday: 9:00am to 5:00pmthursday: 9:00am to 5:00pmfriday: 9:00am to 5:00pmsaturday: 9:00am to 5:00pmsunday: closed
























privacy


site map


  

    




image/svg+xml


information for disabled persons website (opens in a new tab)
rental assistance website (opens in a new tab)





home


amenities


floor plans


gallery


location


residents


contact us


apply now


copyright © 2025 the cosmopolitan apartments. all rights reserved.

















