       
	nevada dental association | american dental association
                                      




welcome, 

logout


contact us
find a dentist
login












 
adasso


salesforce [a-f]


salesforce [g-l]


salesforce [m]


salesforce [n-r]


salesforce [s-z]


salesforce [m2]


salesforce [a-f2]

      

















         




about







board members




committees councils




ada delegates




nda calendar






membership







help login




pay my dues




why join




payment options




benefits of membership




ada member credentialing




publications







nda journals





nda newsletters




advertising






component health plans




affiliated products




student membership




meeting reports






advocacy







member access




governance




ndapac




regulations




government links




faqs on rx writing






events







wellness wednesdays







wellness wednesday highlights






 2025 mid-winter house of delegates meeting




available ce courses




northern nevada events




northeast nevada events




southern nevada events






patient resources







find a dentist




low income resources




dental health faq




why should i see a dentist?




what do dentists do




peer review






classifieds







submit new ad form




pricing




submit payment






charities







nv dental foundation







ndf donation page






future smiles




give kids a smile






careers







licensure




dental careers




nevada colleges & universities




associations






  
            skip to main content
         








nda's 2025 mid-winter annual meeting







celebrate 20 wins in 2023

                        explore accomplishments from the ada and your society at ada.org/wins

                            
explore wins








introducing ada career services

                        explore resources to support your goals from graduation to retirement

                            
learn more








new acute pain guideline

                        read recommendations on managing acute dental pain in patients over age 12.

                            
learn more








protect your practice’s reputation

                        manage online reviews and stay hippa-compliant with new toolkit.

                            
access here













welcome to the nevada dental association!the nevada dental association promotes the highest standards of care and professional excellence through education, leadership, and communication. by preserving the integrity of the dental profession, strengthening doctor/patient relationships, and promoting ethical principles, the association supports its members in providing exceptional care to the public.the association preserves the integrity of the dental profession, strengthens the doctor/patient relationship and promotes the principles of ethics and code of professional conduct of the american dental association.joining the nevada dental association is worth the annual dues because it provides access to valuable resources, networking opportunities, and advocacy efforts that support oral healthcare in nevada. as a member, dentists can enhance their knowledge and skills, connect with colleagues, and contribute to shaping the future of dentistry in the state. nda membership is a smart investment in the success and advancement of your dental practice.






latest news


ada news



feb 13, 2025



new interim executive director has storied career in organized dentistry


                                    elizabeth shapiro, d.d.s., j.d., was named interim executive director by the ada board of trustees feb. 8.
                                




feb 13, 2025



rfk jr. confirmed as hhs secretary 


                                    robert f. kennedy jr. was confirmed as secretary of the u.s. department of health and human services in a final senate vote of 52-48.   
                                




feb 12, 2025



new bill would allow oral care items to be purchased through fsas, hsas


                                    a new bill was introduced that would increase access to certain oral care items that can be purchased with fsas and hsas.
                                




feb 11, 2025



ada ‘generally supports’ dietary guidelines science report


                                    the ada generally supported a scientific report that will be used to update federal dietary guidelines.
                                




feb 10, 2025



ada to hold standards meetings in march


                                    the ada standards program will hold multiple meetings march 10-12 in new york city to discuss dental standards on a variety of topics.
                                















                                pay my dues
                            








                                join now
                            







                                find a dentist
                            







                                low income resources
                            


































































































       

stay connected























 

   general information join/renew american dental association   sections about patient resources contact us membership careers   resources advocacy peer review accessibility     
                copyright © 2025
                nevada dental association. reproduction or republication strictly prohibited without prior written permission.
               contact us            "state":"nv"    
