






 



best curly hair salon vancouver - modern perms - hair colour






























































































skip to content






straightandcurl.com
best curly hair salon vancouver

home abouthoa – longer biography  reviews services gallery contact 
facebook page opens in new windowx page opens in new windowinstagram page opens in new window



 
home abouthoa – longer biography  reviews services gallery contact 









 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


placeholder 
							 


 















curly hair salon vancouver
expert at curly hair, perms, straight perms, balayage, and precise cutting and styling.
hoa can reproduce almost any look you have in mind. she will ask you to send her a current image of yourself and your inspiration picture. 
be prepared to be completely thrilled with your new look because that is what will happen! trust hoa with your hair and you will be amazed at what is possible.





bright, calm and relaxing. salon right in the heart of downtown vancouver.    


looking for a change? does your hair style work with your lifestyle?    


award-winning stylist tailors each creation to a person’s unique head shape and face shape while being mindful of their personality and lifestyle.    





call 778-888-4023







hoa@straightandcurl.com




perms and colourstraight and curl has been a downtown vancouver hair salon since 2001





straight and curl videosget your gel on! james says spiky hair multiplies his coolness.























 



we carry
a wide range of high quality professional hair care products, tools and accessories in vancouver.





professional hair care products loreal professionnel, nioxin, kms, joico and many more.    


professional tools and accessories flat irons, curling irons, blow dryers, brushes, combs and many other related accessories.    





award-winning stylistspecialist at modern perms and colour!



























downtown vancouver hair salon with award winning hair stylist. #620 – 736 granville street
vancouver bc    call or email anytime to make appointments.    


778-888-4023    


hoa@straightandcurl.com    hours (by appointment only)    


tuesday to saturday 10:00 am – 8:00 pm    social media     








					© copyright 2025 - vancouver wordpress developer | special thanks to downtown vancouver  | downtown dentists | boxing vancouver | downtown chiropractors









go to top

































































