































plastic surgeon in pasadena & los angeles | thomas taylor, m.d.





















































skip to main content





						taylor plastic surgery center					


								pasadena, ca (626) 577-7730							















about

meet dr. thomas s. taylor 
meet john del rossi p.a. 
staff 
dr. taylor’s curriculum vitae 
about board certification 


procedures

body

body procedures 
arm lift 
bodytite™ 
coolsculpting® 
labiaplasty 
liposuction 
mini tummy tuck 
mommy makeover 
tummy tuck 


breast

breast procedures 
breast augmentation 
breast lift 
breast reduction 
breast implant revision 
breast implant removal 
in-office or awake breast lift 
male breast reduction (gynecomastia) 
nipple reconstruction 


face

facial rejuvenation procedures 
accutite™ 
brow lift 
neck lift 
buccal fat removal 
chin implant 
eyelid surgery 
facelift 
facetite™ 
fat transfer 
lip augmentation 
otoplasty 
rhinoplasty 


non-surgical

non-surgical overview 
facial rejuvenation procedures 
bellafill® 
botox® cosmetic 
coolsculpting® 
endermologie® 
evoke facial remodeling 
fractora™ 
sculptra® aesthetic 
injectables and fillers 
restylane® 
jeuveau® 
juvéderm® 
kybella® 
latisse® 
morpheus8 
rha® collection 
skincare 
votiva 
skinny shots 




blog 
photo gallery 
patient resources

financing options 
out of town information 
surgery consultations 


testimonials 
欢迎光临泰勒医学博士整形外科中心 
contact 
 
 

get in touch

						(626) 577-7730					

follow us













































model





















thomas s. taylor, md, facs
thomas s. taylor, md, is a los angeles plastic and reconstructive surgeon recognized for the enthusiasm and compassion with which he approaches his craft. after completing his extensive and rigorous medical training at various prestigious institutions from coast to coast, he established his own plastic surgery practice in pasadena, california in 1997. dr. taylor has provided outstanding, life-changing results for countless patients throughout the u.s. he specializes in numerous procedures, including all aspects of breast surgery, body contouring through tummy tuck surgery, liposuction and bodytite technology and minimally-invasive facial rejuvenation. dr. taylor’s surgical achievements have been recognized in several local and national media outlets and have been honored by his esteemed colleagues in the medical community.







							about dr. taylor					  










								procedures							








												breast											

the appearance of your breasts can have a significant impact on your overall confidence. whether you want a larger, smaller, or more youthful bust, we provide several procedures to improve the size, shape, and projection of female breasts and the male chest.

												  learn more about breast												

model





												 body											

aging, pregnancy, and weight fluctuations can leave you with lax tissues and stubborn fat deposits. our body contouring procedures address problem areas to help you achieve a more slim and toned figure.

												  learn more about body												

model





												face											

we offer a range of facial procedures to correct minor to moderate signs of aging and enhance your features. attain a more youthful and balanced facial appearance with our facial plastic surgery procedures.

												  learn more about face												

model





												non surgical											

non-surgical procedures for the face and body can provide a more rested appearance without surgical intervention. we have options to smooth and tighten your skin, restore lost volume, eliminate stubborn fat, and more.

												  learn more about non surgical												

model

















billboard days of dr. thomas taylor in pasadena by


 





ailyn santos •medical assistant, front office

a


 





we at taylor plastic surgery center always want ou


 





alison li •front office, chinese patient coord. 


 





discover if latisse®  is right for you! grow your
 





john del rossi •pa-c, mpas

john is a board-cert


 


 


load more...


























i had an amazing experience with dr thomas. the office staff were very helpful and very nice. i have received a botox from dr taylor and his work has exceeded my expectations. he is very professional and knows his job very well. highly recommend


i had a mommy makeover a year ago, and my recovery was easy, followed all dr. taylor’s orders and writhing a month i was already up and training for the l.a. marathon. i can’t thank dr taylor enough. his work is amazing and i have gain my confidence level! would recommend him


met him yesterday. he was so down to earth. he discussed all that would take place during surgery. i felt very comfortable with him. will get back to you after surgery to let you know how it went. but i got a feeling all is going to go wonderfully.



								more reviews						  





								before & after							

								photo gallery							

model



































				  welcome to the practice				

at taylor plastic surgery center, we focus on providing the best plastic surgery experience for our patients through state-of-the-art technology and top-notch care. our highly trained staff is here to ensure that you leave our office feeling beautiful and confident.
 about practice  







thomas s. taylor, md, facs










contact us

                    960 e green st #214
pasadena, ca 91106                  
phone: 
                  (626) 577-7730
schedule a consultation




connect with us



























get directions

















before and after photos - individual results may vary. some images may be models.  © 2025 taylor plastic surgery center | accessibility statement | privacy policy | open payment database | sitemap | site design by plastic surgery studios


















