

shadowlight

























 


 



 




 


home:






news and cfs



the rökkr



occulture



art



links



contact/order



shadowlight kommunikations


 
 


 
 


 
 













 













 




 
 


 shadowlight is a body 
                          of work focused predominantly on rökkr magick and 
                          shamanism. the text featured within provide some of 
                          the context for artists associated with shadowlight 
                          kommunikations, such as gydja and torture by roses.
we have created a separate, blog-based 
                          page for relevant news and calls for submissions. with 
                          the amount of editors and writers creating devotionals 
                          and other related works of significance to the rökkr, 
                          it seemed important to list them in one, easily updated 
                          and publically accessible place. inclusion of a call 
                          for submission on this page does not in any way denote 
                          that we are affiliated with the original poster, or 
                          that they are affiliated or agree with us or the contents 
                          of this site. the call for submissions blog can be found 
                          here.

in line with the above, we are happy to announce that 
                          the long awaited jotunbok from our colleague and friend 
                          raven kaldera is available from lulu 
                          or from asphodel 
                          press. subtitled working with the giants of 
                          the northern tradition, this over 500 page book 
                          is perhaps now the definitive work on the rökkr 
                          or jotuns, drawing together experiences from people 
                          all over the world. this is the first volume in a series 
                          of books by raven exploring different aspect of northern 
                          shamanism. the other volumes the pathwalker's guide 
                          to the nine worlds, wyrdwalkers: techniques 
                          of northern-tradition shamanism, and wightridden: 
                          paths of northern-tradition shamanism, are also 
                          available.

 
 
 








 
 




 













:home



news 
                          and cfs



the rökkr



occulture



art



links



contact/order



shadowlight kommunikations



 
 


 
 


 
 









 
 
 
 
 
 





 






     

