


	fireside stove shop and fireplace center offering wood stoves, gas stoves, pellet stoves, fireplaces, inserts, chimney liners, stove accessories. located in auburn, maine.






























auburn, maine
•
(207) 784-9249












home

products




accessories




electric fireplaces




gas fireplaces




gas inserts




gas stoves




pellet stoves




specials




wood stoves




around our store




bargain bin
measurement worksheet 
contact us











warming homes in maine for over 40 years






















maine’s choice stove shop

                        fireside stove shop and fireplace center is maine’s largest stove shop located in the heart of beautiful auburn. we specialize in wood, pellet and gas stoves as well as fireplaces and 
                        inserts, and our impressive inventory has over 100 of the most well-respected brands in the industry. no matter what your taste or budget is, we have the stove or fireplace you’re looking for. 
                        once you’ve decided on which brand, style, and material you want, we can professionally install it for you. 
                    









everything your hearth desires






bargain bin specials



don't miss out on the great savings you'll find in our bargain bin!
more info »




around our store



stop in to see our great selection of wood, pellet and gas stoves, inserts, fireplace inserts, and accessories!
more info »




tax credit



now that you have gathered your firewood for the season it’s time to upgrade your old tired wood stove for a new more efficient model. many wood and pellet models qualify for a 30%  tax credit this year. we currently have in stock many of... 
more info »










services you can trust

                        in addition to our sales department, our service department is ready to install your new stove, fireplace, insert, or chimney liner to ensure a proper installation. we also stock stove and 
                        fireplace parts, accessories, and chimney liners for your heating and maintenance needs. being a locally owned and operated company, conducting business in the same location since 1978, 
                        by the same owner, we welcome you to join our list of satisfied customers!
                    





















offering products by the leading manufacturers





































































find us


fireside stove shop and fireplace center1220 center streetauburn, me 04210









contact us


(207) 784-9249
info@firesidestoveshop.com
mon - fri: 9:00am - 5:30pmsat: 9:00am - 4:00pm



our site


home
products
bargain bin
measurement worksheet 
contact us
accessibility









copyright © 2025 fireside stove shop and fireplace center.
all rights reserved.
website design and hosting provided by phd consulting, a maine company.










