


harmonic vision home page







 











products

music ace deluxe
music ace maestro
music ace
music ace 2

product upgrades


at home

homeschool
individual or family
piano student


school

products
resources


studio

studio teachers
resources


upgrades
support

technical support
dealer support
press/media
contact us








announcing music ace maestro in the cloud now available to schools!
compatible with macintosh, windows, chromebook and ipad.  runs in the browser.  no installation.

try the demo.
includes a teacher dashboard for monitoring students' progress.

contact us for details, pricing and a trial version.


1 800 474-0903 (u.s. only) or 1 608 422-2283
sales@harmonicvision.com

currently available to schools and studio teachers with 30 or more students.  available to teachers with fewer than 30 students and home users soon.


more changes coming. watch this space...






 










 


		   welcome!
harmonic vision is the leading developer and publisher of music 
               education software for the home, school and studio. our award-winning 
               software products introduce beginning and intermediate students 
               of all ages to the joys of music.
 

 
               





"using music technology in the classroom"

a free 20-page booklet that reviews best practice in evaluating and using music technology for the classroom .



"guide to using technology in the piano studio"

               
                     a free 16-page primer on how to use music technology in the private teaching studio.











 

music ace deluxe
music ace deluxe includes the 36 core lessons drawn from music ace and music ace 2. 

teaches  beginning students of all ages the basics of music theory, rhythm, pitch, note reading, listening and the keyboard. 

about     reviews    awards   
          buy 




 

music ace maestro

music educator's professional edition 
              designed specifically for music educators. contains all 48 music ace and music ace 2 lessons. includes educator tools for customizing the instructional environment and administering student data.
about    reviews    awards   
              buy












 

music ace
the original music ace software for 
              beginning music students has received over 28 awards and honors. 

about    reviews    awards    
		  buy











 

music ace 2
perfect complement to music ace. includes rhythm, harmony, melody and much more.


about   reviews    awards    
		  buy














home
privacy policy
contact us
copyright © 2013 harmonic vision inc.









