



health care services in kern & fresno counties | clinica sierra vista





























 open accessibility menu





 skip to content


 skip to menu


 increase text size


clear all 



 hide









locations



services



search


(833) 678-2781











covered california™

walk-in clinics & same-day care

newsroom

careers




(833) 678-2781












locations

programs & services





addiction medicine fellowship

adolescent and family services

behavioral health services for children & adults

dental care services

family medicine residency program

health insurance assistance program

healthcare & support services for the homeless

lab services

medically vulnerable infant program

optometry - glasses, contacts & eye exams

specialty care services

virtual medical services

walk-in clinics & same-day care

women, infants and children (wic)

women’s health services





doctors & clinicians

patient resources





covid-19 vaccinations

e-check-in tutorials

good faith estimate

grievances

joint commission

mychart information

notice of privacy practices

patient rights and responsibilities

holiday closures





about us





board of directors

patient-centered medical home

our management team

recognitions & accreditations





contact us
























call(833) 678-2781to schedule your appointment today!






clinica sierra vista is committed to caring for you and providing a safe
	 environment while visiting any of our locations.
welcome to clinica sierra vista
find your way to better care
clinica sierra vista continues to be at the forefront of diagnosing, treating,
	 and managing the health conditions of the most vulnerable residents in
	 our community. we are proud to provide the best healthcare to the underserved
	 and lend a voice to the voiceless. our medical team is ready to care for
	 you, whether it’s a joyous occasion like welcoming a new baby to
	 the world, or something that is less welcome, like any given ailment.
	 we offer support for infectious diseases such as covid-19, patient-centered
	 behavioral health services for patients of all ages, teen family planning,
	 and much more.
telehealth & virtual visits available 7 days a week
clinica sierra vista is expanding telehealth and virtual visit capabilities
	 now available monday through sunday. with a simple app download from mychart,
	 you’ll have access to your medical appointments, prescription refills,
	 and lab results. you can do it all from the convenience of your home,
	 on your smartphone or computer. together, we can continue to make a difference
	 in our community.
after hours care
if you have a life-threatening emergency please call 9-1-1. for non-life-threatening
	 after hours urgent medical advice, our providers are available “after
	 hours” 24 hours per day/365 days per year by calling (833) 678-2781.










our doctors & clinicians






our locations






our story






mychart






careers






acceptedinsurance






messages fromthe board










our services & programs


view all


clinica sierra vista provides comprehensive healthcare services to nearly 200,000 community members in kern and fresno counties. we are proud to serve everyone in the community, including the underserved, underinsured, and uninsured. we understand the challenges faced by those who are living near or below the poverty line and do not have access to the medical treatment they need. our goal is to bridge this gap in care, regardless of an individual's ability to pay.








walk-in clinic






women’s health services






behavioral health






dental











our locations


kern county locations

34th street community health center
east bakersfield community health center
lamont community health center


fresno county locations

elm community health center
north fine community health center
west shaw community health center




view all












walk-in clinics and same-day medical care










medi-cal assistance





























































































1430 truxtun avenue
							
								suite 400
							
						

bakersfield,
						ca 
93301

(833) 678-2781






locations

programs & services

doctors & clinicians

patient resources

about us

contact us

newsroom

events

careers
























clinica sierra vista is a federally qualified health center (fqhc) system. it receives the department of health and human services (hhs) funding and has federal public health service (phs) deemed status
with respect to certain health or health-related claims, including medical malpractice claims, for itself and its covered individuals.
if you have a life-threatening emergency please call 9-1-1. for non-life-threatening after-hours urgent medical advice, our providersare available “after hours”
24 hours per day/365 days per year by calling (833) 678-2781.
si tiene una emergencia que pone en peligro su vida, llame al 9-1-1. para asesoramiento médico urgente fuera del horario de atención que no ponga en peligro la vida, nuestros proveedores están disponibles "fuera del horario de atención".
las 24 horas del día/365 días del año llamando al (833) 678-2781.






				x
			

⚠
your browser is out of date. to get the full experience of this website,
					 please update to most recent version.

update my browser








copyright © 2025


privacy policy


site map
















