







teagle optometry


































































































































27011 mcbean pkwy, unit 107, valencia, ca 91355(661) 253-3888info@teagleoptometry.com



 







teagle optometry -  




call us 
home
blog
contact us


toggle menu














eye care & aesthetics specialist 
							service that'll make you

 
							we provide the latest technology and best service to our clients 
							

see us with new eyes

 
							
contact us 
							 


eye care & aesthetics specialists 
							a comprehensive eye 
							we provide the latest technology and best service to our clients 
							
exam could help your life. 
							
ask optometrist 
							 





 









homepage 1 












 

eye care
caring for your eyes is important! eye care involves regular eye exams and maintaining eye hygiene. 









 

glasses
glasses aid in correcting vision issues, protect eyes, and enhance visual clarity and comfort. 









 

contact lenses
contact lenses aid in correcting vision, offer convenience, and provide an alternative to glasses. 









 

dry eye / aesthetics
dry eye causes discomfort and irritation; aesthetics involve treatments to enhance appearance. 









 

lasik surgery
lasik surgery reshapes the cornea to correct vision, reducing the need for glasses or contacts. 








 

















quality eye care & aesthetics since 1949
at teagle optometry valencia, we preserve, enhance and protect your vision and appearance!
 


you are nothing without your eyes, at teagle optometry valencia we utilize some of the latest vision and aesthetics technology. we strive to offer the best possible service to our customers and help enhance their vision and appearance. from eye care, glasses, contact lenses, dry eyes treatments, aesthetic treatments and lasik surgery, we have got you covered!
we would love the opportunity to care for you and your eyes, contact us today!


 


 






your vision is our vision
not just care, but  a better care experience
we are dedicated to providing personalized solutions tailored to your unique eye health needs. allow us to assist you in achieving the quality of life you deserve. 






 

qualified doctors
our compassionate doctors use advanced techniques and cutting-edge technology to deliver exceptional, personalized eye care tailored to your unique needs. 









 

modern equipment
we utilize the latest eye care and aesthetics equipment to ensure advanced, precise treatments, enhancing both vision and cosmetic outcomes. 











 

emergency help
our optometrists offer prompt, reliable emergency eye care, ensuring immediate attention and expert treatment for urgent vision and eye health issues. 









 

individual approach
our optometrists provide personalized care, tailoring treatments to each patient’s unique needs for optimal eye health and vision improvement. 





 













 






get an appointment
we are ready to help you today!
  


 

















please call (661) 253-3888 if urgent
one of our associates will ensure that you receive the best possible care

 































select departmenteye careaestheticslasik surgery

































recent news
what's going on
 in our blog?
  





 



 categories optometry


posted on 

february 18, 2018
july 24, 2024



this is why it is so important to see an optometrist

comprehensive eye health evaluation seeing an optometrist provides a thorough e...








 



 categories eye treatment, optometry


posted on 

january 21, 2018
july 26, 2024



protect your vision: the importance of recognizing eye disease signs and risk factors

your vision is a crucial part of your daily life, yet many people overlook the e...







 
 see all our blogs 







testimonials
what our
patient’s are saying?
   




      
just finished our annual exam with dr. teagle, who happens to be amazing! finished off our visit with the front office who helped us select our glasses. they too are amazing! they were friendly and beyond helpful, which made our experience very pleasant. i love this office!
thanks dr teagle and staff. hope your day goes as pleasant as you made our day.

dianna l.





      
the doctors are fantastic, the front staff are so kind and patient, and i can't imagine ever going to another eye care location that is half as good as teagle!!

thomas s.




  






 

 












if you have any questions schedule an appointment  with our associates, call us at (661) 253-3888

call us








at teagle optometry valencia, we preserve, enhance and protect your vision and appearance! providing cutting-edge, quality eye care and aesthetics to our patients, since 1949.





 

usefull linksmake an appointment
blog
contact us
 

our serviceseye care
glasses
contact lenses
dry eye / aesthetics
lasik surgery
 

get in touch


teagle optometry
27011 mcbean pkwy
unit 107
valencia, ca 91355			 (661) 253-3888 info@teagleoptometry.com

			mon to sat - 9:00am to 5:00pm 
closed for lunch
12:30pm to 1:30pm 
 












									copyright © 2025 teagle optometry. all rights reserved.				

privacy
 



 









































