home › carolina bank 




 homeskip to main contentskip to footerview sitemapdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files. fdic logofdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. government  carolina bank - building on tradition since 1936 open site search   login to online banking open main navigation menu  close main navigation

banking


personal


checking accounts

savings accounts

money market

cds and iras

debit cards

credit cards



business


checking accounts

savings accounts

business debit card

business credit cards

business services





lending


home loans


mortgages

home equity loans



business lending


business loans

commercial real estate

ag loans



personal lending


personal loans

auto loans

recreation loans





wealth management


investment services

client login

insurance solutions

our team



resources


online banking

mobile banking

merchant card services

reorder checks

travel tools

financial calculators

lost or stolen debit card



about


about us

contact us

locations

blog

careers



what can we help you find?search close search online services loginschoose account online bankingbill paycash managementmerchant credit card servicesremote deposit captureusername loginenroll   |   forgot passwordlogin to bill pay or cash managementlogin to bill pay or cash managementuser id password login to merchantconnectlogin to merchantconnectoffice login password login to remote depositlogin to remote deposit close online servicescarolina bank 





the perfect checkingaccount for you
our checking accounts are tailored to meet your needs. whether you need something budget friendly or an interest bearing account with all the bells and whistles, we have the perfect account for you.
personal checking accounts


   close alert carolina bank business solutions team  explore business services  contact us  buying a house? refinancing?
visit mortgage center  








carolina bank checking accounts with smart safety features
check out our smart checking accounts, built to help safeguard your regular spending. we have several account types with enhanced security protections and monitoring, convenient access, and simple setup. quick compare their benefits on our website now and choose the one that meets your lifestyle.
compare checking accounts



 how can we help? 
reorder checks
when it’s time to reorder checks we have you covered. the process is quick and easy!
reorder checks  
financial calculators
our easy-to-use online calculators can help you solve common financial questions
financial calculators  
make a credit card payment
stay on top of your payments to grow your credit score! online payments are safe and secure
make a payment  
careers
carolina bank is not only a great place to bank, but it is  also a great place to begin orcontinue your banking career
check our openings   
call us
friendly voices are a call away. reach carolina bank's headquarters in florence at (843)413-9978. we can discuss any of your banking needs.
phone numbers by location    
lost or stolen debitcard
if your debit card has been stolen or lost, let us help you!
report lost or stolen card  business banking made easy 
save time and money by electronically depositing checks into your business account from the convenience of your office or place of business.
business services      family-owned, community focused
carolina bank serves communities located throughout northeastern south carolina. our managers and staff understand the people of south carolina because they share a common heritage and values.
about us    carolina bank blog 
follow our blog for your latest carolina bank news. we'll be blogging about good banking practices: including security and financial advice, the wonderful people who work here, events in our local region, and much more. keep checking in with us for updates, and follow us on our social media accounts.  
visit blog page  
stay in touch
share your email and we'll send you occasional updates. we value your privacy and will not spam or sell your email address. 
leave me blank for newsletter form.

* indicates required fieldsemail address * sign up there was an error submitting the form.javascript noticethis form requires javascript be turned on for it to work. please turn on javascript and refresh the page if you would like to submit an online form. if you cannot turn on javascript, we encourage you to contact your nearest branch location. thank you for signing up 

locations

terms of use

usa patriot act

privacy policy

instagramfacebooklinkedinmember fdicequal housing lender

©  carolina bank– all rights reserved –created by banno read more about our accessibility statement 
