


the journey  - the daily journal of david collins


























    
	the journey
	
  
a record of my journey of faith, an on-the-battlefield "war journal", chronicling my battle with cancer and my personal walk with the lord.



wednesday, september 17, 2008



	 born for the glory
    


part of david's legacy to the body of christ is a book co-authored with his parents, paul and bunty collins. he loved the body of christ and looked for it immerging as the prepared bride of christ ready for his return. it is important that we have clear guidelines and directions from the word of god as to god's ultimate intention for the body of christ which will eventually be presented to the lord as his bride. for this purpose we were directed by the lord to trace the magnificent journey of every believer to the fulfillment of god's glorious plan. "born for the glory" has been published by tate publishers and is now available in bookstores.you can contact the publishers directly for the purchase of this book through the following link -http://www.tatepublishing.com/bookstore/book.php?w=978-1-60462-636-0or koorong -http://orders.koorong.com/search/details.jhtml?code=9781604626360or your local bookstore.we would like to have you join us in praying that this message will be a blessing and a unifying factor for the body of christ and will bring glory to god. thank you for praying with us.paul and bunty



posted by david a.collins @ 4:10 pm  
      
         2 comments






sunday, january 21, 2007



	 one voice
    


the following is a poem that david wrote before he went to be with the lord....one voicewithin a sun of incandescent lighta rainbow prism of unrivaled awesublime in splendor, fearful in its sighta throne established in the mists of yorereflecting on a sea of blazing glassin mirrored pair, one glory seen twofoldthe brilliance of the face that none surpassthat gleams the eyes of those that do beholdthe myriads who press around that thronea roiling sea of human hearts ablazeall raise their voice in single blended toneand crown him with the thunder of their praiseyet found amid the rapturous acclaima tune sets ringing heaven's rolling spheresone voice amid the throng sings its refrainand captivates the heart of him who hearsyou angels who approach the blazing coalsand dance the gyring circuit 'round the throneshield not from me the lover of my soulbut wed my song to echo with your ownoh that my heart were winged and took its flighttoward that burning flame, a moth enthralleddrawn ever to the fire of intense lightyet not consumed by glory's searing scalddavid collins



posted by david a.collins @ 8:41 pm  
      
         3 comments






sunday, january 07, 2007



	 living in the light of eternity
    


it is just seven weeks today since our precious son went to be with the lord. there is no way i can put into words the pain and heartbreak i feel, and i will not attempt to do so. those who have lost a son or daughter will know. but each time i have wept in the agony of grief a clear word of comfort and direction has come constantly from the lord to my heart..."live in the light of eternity!"those words paint a picture so clearly in my mind and heart. life now, down here on earth, is just a short period of time in the midst of eternity. in the light of eternity i can see that we will soon be together again. j.b. phillips gives a beautiful translation of colossians 1:9..."we are asking god that you may see things, as it were, from his point of view by being given spiritual insight and understanding."that is now my constant prayer and desire. that i may see life now totally from god's point of view...with the light of eternity shining upon it. i have been amazed at how often the lord jesus spoke of eternal life. as a believer in christ i guess i'd always taken those scriptures for granted. but now they are like precious gems to me. even the most familiar scripture, john 3:16  - probably the first one a new believer memorises - has become far more meaningful to me..."for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life."and john 6:40..."for my father’s will is that everyone who looks to the son and believes in him shall have eternal life, and i will raise him up at the last day."this is why jesus came into the world. twelve days ago, all over the world, people were celebrating his coming to the earth. so many times the emphasis for the christmas season, though with far deeper meaning than most give it, is the message the angels brought to the shepherds - peace on earth (luke 2:14). but they also brought the announcement that the saviour had been born. this is wonderful truth. he had come to save us from eternal death. he had come to bring us life - eternal life. because of this glorious truth that eternal life is the gift of god to every believer in christ, paul can boldly declare in 1 corinthians 15:52-58..."so will it be with the resurrection of the dead. the body that is sown is perishable, it is raised imperishable; it is sown in dishonour, it is raised in glory; it is sown in weakness, it is raised in power; it is sown a natural body, it is raised a spiritual body...and just as we have borne the likeness of the earthly man, so shall we bear the likeness of the man from heaven...listen, i tell you a mystery: we will not all sleep, but we will all be changed -- in a flash, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trumpet. for the trumpet will sound, the dead will be raised imperishable...when the perishable has been clothed with the imperishable, and the mortal with immortality, then the saying that is written will come true: 'death has been swallowed up in victory. where, o death is your victory? where o death, is your sting?' the sting of death is sin, and the power of sin is the law. but thanks be to god! he gives us the victory through our lord jesus christ. therefore, my dear brothers, stand firm. let nothing move you..."and paul exhorts us to encourage one another in the realisation of what will happen when jesus returns..."brothers, we do not want you to be ignorant about those who fall asleep, or to grieve like the rest of men, who have no hope. we believe that jesus died and rose again and so we believe that god will bring with jesus those who have fallen asleep in him. according to the lord's own word, we tell you that we who are still alive, who are left till the coming of the lord, will certainly not precede those who have fallen asleep. for the lord himself will come down from heaven, with a loud command, with the voice of the archangel and with the trumpet call of god, and the dead in christ will rise first. after that, we who are still alive and are left will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the lord in the air. and so we will be with the lord forever. therefore encourage each other with these words." 1 thessalonians 4:13-18.what has been such a blessing to my heart as i have read this scripture in these recent days is the word "together". i suddenly realised what paul was emphasising in his words of comfort to those who were grieving. we will be together with our loved ones for eternity. together we will be with the lord forever.in my grief the lord has also reminded me of what a friend told me a number of years ago when her father went to be with the lord. she told me of the lord's comfort to her heart -"forget the suffering, remember the glory."how i would love to see david in the glory he is now experiencing. by faith i can. the lord led me to a beautiful scripture the other day. again so familiar, but i saw it in a new light...in the light of eternity. in 2 corinthians 12:1-10 paul describes how he experienced "visions and revelations from the lord". he was "caught up to the third heaven" "to paradise" (he speaks of it as though it were someone else but in the context it is obvious that it was himself). he describes two things he experienced...1. he "heard inexpressible things, things that man is not permitted to tell."2. he saw "surpassingly great revelations."paul and i have shared together how we can just see david enjoying this so much. he always has had such a love of knowledge - creation, the universe, everything living both great and small. and always such a hunger to know the lord more in all his glory. this is now what he is experiencing and we can rejoice with him in this. we can imagine him joining with the angels and the believers around the throne worshipping the lord. how he will be loving it. some time ago david wrote an article on the christian's faith for the online bible college e-magazine, "crossroads". he wrote of the three types of faith a christian experiences. he wrote of instant faith and of enduring faith. here is the last section of his article on the 3rd type of faith...unshakable faiththere is a third kind of faith, and it is just as important as the preceding two. it is the faith we express when things are so contrary to the covenantal promises that there appears no way that god can answer. for example, what happens when we have prayed for someone who is sick, but he has not only not been healed, he has then died of his illness? there are times when god doesn't answer our prayer at all! we have passed what some would call "the point of no return." and it doesn't matter how we theologize it, the fact remains that the big question, "why?", remains unanswered.read: hebrews 11:39speaking of the many heroes of faith, it records:"and all these, having obtained a good testimony through faith, did not receive the promise."now the writer is specifically speaking of the promise of the coming new covenant, but there are times when the same thing happens to christians. does this mean that our faith was lacking? does it mean that the covenantal promises of the new covenant have failed? does it mean that god has been unfaithful? no! we must always remember the wider perspective of the new covenant. we should rightly apply the promises of the new covenant to our lives. should we believe for immediate healing? of course, we should! note that james, the same writer who described the perseverance that comes through the trying of our faith, goes on to say in james 5:14-15;"is any one of you sick? he should call the elders of the church to pray over him and anoint him with oil in the name of the lord. and the prayer offered in faith will make the sick person well; the lord will raise him up. if he has sinned, he will be forgiven."what we need to understand is that god's covenantal promises are never broken. in fact, you will notice that the only difference between the three types of faith described is the time of the answer! in all three cases, the promises of the new covenant for health are fulfilled. in the case of instant faith, there is instant healing. in the case of enduring faith, the healing is progressive. and in the case of unshakable faith, the covenantal promise of health is fulfilled at the return of christ, when death itself is overturned and the mortal body puts on immortality (1 corinthians 15:51-55). do you have a need? i encourage you to reach out in faith for god's immediate answer. have you been praying to god for something, but the answer has not yet come? then be encouraged to "always pray and not give up," for god does indeed reward those who earnestly seek him. have you experienced a circumstance which seems to have moved past the "point of no return"? then this is where faith in god is expressed more strongly than at any time. for in the end, every promise of the new covenant will be fulfilled! and not only that, your faith will have been proved genuine and will "result in praise, glory and honor when jesus christ is revealed."posted by bunty collins



posted by david a.collins @ 1:20 am  
      
         9 comments






monday, november 20, 2006



	 in glory
    


dear friends,at 1:24pm on saturday 18th november, 2006 david went home to be with the lord.this came as a great shock to many of us.  we loved david and many around the world were praying in full faith for his recovery. the family were with him, singing with him on several occasions over the past week. the presence of the lord was very beautiful.  he regained consciousness for a short period just before his passing and each one of the family spoke special words to him and he was able to respond to each one.the celebration of david's life will be held at the evangelical community church, 19-23 holland road, blackburn south, melbourne on friday 24th november at 11:00am for the viewing and 11:30am for the service followed by a luncheon.we would appreciate your continual prayers for the family at this time.  we are gathering forces to continue the vision of obc worldwide - the online bible college.with our special thanks and appreciation,paul and bunty and rebecca,elena, jessica, stephanie and jordan.



posted by david a.collins @ 10:19 am  
      
         47 comments






sunday, october 08, 2006



	 all glory to him
    


this is probably my last post before the final outcome of my battle with cancer. in one sense this is the close of one chapter of my journey and what a remarkable chapter it has been. my faith in the lord is total and god is still deeply at work in my life bringing his purpose to fulfilment.the lord is good beyond measure and i am discovering that again day by day. his grace overflows beyond expectation. for those who have been following this journey - particularly for those who have been walking the journey with me in their own trial of faith - i want to testify that god is faithful and worthy of our trust.all along in this journey philippians 1:18-26 has had significant meaning for me."....yes, and i will continue to rejoice, for i know that through your prayers and the help given by the spirit of jesus christ what has happened to me will turn out for my deliverance. i eagerly expect and hope that i will in no way be ashamed, but will have sufficient courage so that now as always christ will be exalted in my body, whether by life or death. for to me, to live is christ and to die is gain. if i am to go on living in the body, this will mean fruitful labour for me. yet what shall i choose? i do not know! i am torn between the two: i desire to depart and be with christ, which is better by far; but it is more necessary for you that i remain in the body. convinced of this i know that i will remain, and will continue with all of you for your progress and joy in the faith, so that through my being with you again your joy in christ jesus will overflow on account of me."this passage encapsulates for me both my faith and the reality of where things are. ultimately everything is in god's hands but there is a sure expectation that all glory, victory and praise will go to him. amen.



posted by david a.collins @ 8:41 am  
      
         17 comments






friday, october 06, 2006



	 jesus, my everything
    


how can i capture in one post the depth and significance of what the lord is doing in my life at this time? and yet "depth" and "significance" really do apply to what god is doing in my life.i'll start by sharing from psalm 103 which has meant so much to me particularly in the last week."praise the lord, o my soul; all my inmost being, praise his holy name. praise the lord, o my soul, and forget not all his benefits - who forgives all your sins and heals all your diseases" psalm 103:1-3.the amazing and overwhelming truth of god's word is that god loves me, is vitally interested in my life and has actively intervened by demonstrating that love in the most practical way possible. the story of salvation is the story of that intervention.to understand how god went about this we need to come back to the word and understanding of the word "covenant". in sending jesus into the world god did much more than just save me, he entered into an eternal covenant through jesus. the moment we understand this our whole perspective on life changes.in covenant there are two words that constantly come up - "blessings" and "curses". i encourage you to read deuteronomy 28 as a classic example of how this works in the covenant god made with israel through moses.in the new covenant through jesus, however, blessings and curses of covenant are all wrapped up in one person - jesus. jesus actually became the covenant himself. for example, in ephesians 1:3 paul tells us -"praise be to the god and father of our lord jesus christ, who has blessed us in the heavenly realms with every spiritual blessing in christ."notice that it is "in christ" that we are blessed. it is "in christ" that we receive "everything spiritual blessing...in heavenly places".but take a look also at galatians 3:13."christ redeemed us from the curse of the law by becoming a curse for us, for it is written: "cursed is everyone who is hung on a tree."in the new covenant jesus actually took upon himself all the curses. everything listed in deuteronomy 28 - every "plague", every "wasting disease", every "disaster", jesus actually took upon himself. that was what the cross was all about.through the suffering that i've been experiencing personally (and each one of us faces our own challenges and suffering unique to our situation) i have come to realise this truth as much more than theology but as something that totally changes my outlook on life. jesus has become everything to me - not in a cliche sense, but as a matter of fact. he literally is everything i need, bar nothing. in 1 corinthians 1:30 paul says that jesus..."...has become for us wisdom from god — that is, our righteousness, holiness and redemption."can you capture the significance of what this means for your life? jesus didn't just come to save you he became your salvation. now take a look again at psalm 103."praise the lord, o my soul; all my inmost being, praise his holy name. praise the lord, o my soul, and forget not all his benefits - who forgives all your sins and heals all your diseases" psalm 103:1-3.i pray that you, like me, will discover more and more what this means for your life.



posted by david a.collins @ 2:02 pm  
      
         2 comments






wednesday, september 20, 2006



	 the words of life
    


this last two weeks have been an incredible time for me -- both in terms of faith and experiencing god's mercy and grace. i've had my share of discouragement at times, though, as i've been bedridden with potential bowel obstructions, but the doctors and palliative care nurses have set things up so that i can stay at home, rather than be admitted to hospital, if things aren't too serious. i now have an iv saline drip at home (if my stomach or bowels become blocked), which keeps me hydrated, and this makes a wonderful difference.i want to share my experience this last week from both the negative and the positive, because this is very much part of the walk i'm experiencing. there have been times when pain and discomfort has been so great, along with a total weakness of body, that i can barely move. and yet in these times, i've also experienced god's grace in ways impossible otherwise.one of the things i've been asking the lord for, throughout my experience, is clarity -- the clarity of his word spoken into my life. you know, you can face anything as long as you know that the lord is with you and that you are walking with him. that's the feeling that i had. what counts for me, more than anything else, is to know that i am "on track" with him, walking the same path that he is. psalm 23 bears this out in verses 4-5, when it says:"[my shepherd] guides me in paths of righteousness for his name's sake. even though i walk through the valley of the shadow of death, i will fear no evil, for you are with me; your rod and your staff, they comfort me."i knew that i would fear no evil, in the midst of the valley of the shadow of death, as long as i knew my shepherd was walking the same path with me, and that his rod and staff (symbols of his word and discipline) were with me, keeping me on track.at one point, jesus spoke to some very despondent disciples, in john 6:63, with these words:"the spirit gives life; the flesh counts for nothing. the words i have spoken to you are spirit and they are life."later, in john 6:68-69, when asked if they would turn aside from following jesus because of the "hardness" of what he had said (and their own difficulty in handling the experience), peter's response was:"lord, to whom shall we go? you have the words of eternal life. we believe and know that you are the holy one of god." and so, as i was experiencing some suffering at one point, i responded to the lord in the same way and cried out to the lord for his voice -- his rod and staff -- to comfort me with clarity and direction. immediately, as i was skimming through the bible, my hand stopped at a particular passage in job 1:20-22:"at this, job got up and tore his robe and shaved his head. then he fell to the ground in worship and said: 'naked i came from my mother's womb, and naked i will depart. the lord gave and the lord has taken away; may the name of the lord be praised.' in all this, job did not sin by charging god with wrongdoing."talk about clarity! this was exactly where i was with the lord on the "path of righteousness" he had called me to walk with him. i had right then been saying to the lord, "why, father, do i have to repeat this suffering time and again? what is the value in endless repetition? it seems like at times like this you just sit back and watch, you don't intervene, why?"my response to job's attitude in job 1:22, i declared to the lord, "in all this, lord, i charge you with no wrongdoing. you are totally righteous in all your ways. you are the father of lights, who does not change like shifting shadows (james 1:17). you are my rock, my righteousness, the ever-faithful god." and this became my recurring thought throughout each time of pain and suffering. and i noticed that when the inner attitude changed, the outer circumstances followed suit.god began to speak in other ways, too, bringing clarity, encouragement and focus. sometimes i was too weak to read the bible myself, but family members would read passages of scripture. here's just one example from john 11:21-26:"'lord,' martha said to jesus, 'if you had been here, my brother would not have died. but i know that even now god will give you whatever you ask.' jesus said to her, 'your brother will rise again.' martha answered, 'i know he will rise again in the resurrection at the last day.' jesus said to her, 'i am the resurrection and the life. he who believes in me will live, even though he dies; and whoever lives and believes in me will never die. do you believe this?'"there is so much richness in this exchange between martha and jesus (especially if you've been following me in previous posts - see video - the lazarus lesson and outside of the box). but for me, this became the focus of the lord's word into my life. his promise was not simply about a future day when i would be raised back to life; even here and now, at the point of death, jesus is for me the resurrection and the life. and this was where my faith became focused.each time i felt total weakness, even despondency, i would declare to the lord that he is my resurrection and he is my life. this shifted my focus from myself, so easy to happen when you're going through suffering, to the lord himself. instead of finding myself in a "black hole" of despair, i would begin to experience the presence of the lord in richer ways. and so, at that time, one more of my father's words -- from nehemiah 8:10 -- became "spirit and life" for me:"do not grieve, for the joy of the lord is your strength."



posted by david a.collins @ 4:36 am  
      
         6 comments






friday, september 08, 2006



	 the cords of death
    


less than 24 hours have passed since what has been, for me, the most dramatic touch from god i have ever experienced personally in my life. you may remember my post on january 24, 2006, when i shared about my experience of being healed from malaria (if not, then i encourage you to first read "putting faith into action", particularly the section titled "experience #1 - the attack of malaria"). this last 24 hours has seen a turnaround without comparison for me.on wednesday, august 30, i was admitted to box hill hospital with a "sub-acute bowel obstruction", with severe vomiting, dehydration and a whole range of associated symptoms. i had to spend father's day (september 3 in australia) in hospital (but it was lovely to be greeted on father's day morning with the kids singing "happy father's day" for all the ward to hear!). because the only real way to clear a bowel obstruction is by fasting, i was "nil by mouth" up until saturday (september 2), which meant, of course, an unavoidable loss of weight -- i dropped down to 61 kg (134 lbs), and this was the most concerning part of the crisis. over the next few days, though, i began to add food to my diet -- at first, clear fluids, then milky fluids, and then finally, by the day i was ready to be discharged (tuesday, september 5), light solids. on monday, however, something went wrong. although i could still be discharged, i was extremely tired and all i wanted to do was sleep. when i got home, i slept right through the day and well into the next day.what i didn't realise was that this was a symptom of a much more serious malady -- an illness that would take me quite literally, i believe, to death's door.throughout wednesday, i found it increasingly difficult to regulate my core body temperature. although i didn't have a fever (at least nothing measuring on the thermometer), i would find myself extremely cold, but then when i covered myself with blankets, i would easily "overcook" (king david experienced these symptoms, as recorded in 1 kings 1:1). one of the reasons for this is that i now have very little body fat -- i'm low on natural insulation to keep me warm. on top of this, i also was experiencing the onset of another bowel obstruction. i could only sip a little water every now and again, and once more i couldn't eat. my family put out the word to the prayer firewall and the church prayer chain to come before the lord on my behalf. we all knew that it was a very serious crisis looming.last night was a horrific experience. through the night, i was fighting to keep some semblance of a stable core body temperature. i would doze off to sleep, then my temperature would plummet, and would awake in a panic. although i was actually well rugged up, and the thermostat in our house was set at a cozy 21 degrees celcius (70 degrees f), i felt like i was sleeping in the middle of a blizzard, wearing only a thin t-shirt. frankly, i felt like i was on my death bed, and potentially, i guess, this could easily have been the case. i found out later that i dropped to 55 kg (121 lbs), and my body was probably metabolising muscle to try to gain the energy it needed.throughout the night, all i could do was cry out to the lord for his mercy. elena was working night-shift last night, and my mother was by my bedside, helping me to massage my legs (which provided some temporary relief from the deep aching, as well as imparting some warmth). but come 5 am, it had become very serious. my mum called elena's work and asked for her to come back home. we were looking at calling the ambulance again, but i was absolutely terrified of the ordeal of having to face the cold when i'm put onto the stretcher (and then, of course, when i'm fitted again with the iv canula, etc). my dad (who had returned to the small unit that ecc has graciously provided for my parents when they're in melbourne) arrived at about 5.45 am. i'm trying my best to describe to you what is ultimately a very subjective experience, but i'm seeking to do so in terms that both honour the lord fully for what he has done and paint in as clear a picture as possible just how serious my situation was. my body was going into shock. while i was struggling to maintain body temperature, and felt like i was trying to survive a blizzard, i also felt like my chest had been dipped in kerosene and someone had struck a match. i was burning...not the kind of burning you feel when you have a fever, but the kind of burning you feel when you are a burns victim. remember, all this has happened for me less than 24 hours ago, and i'm trying to recount those sensations, while they are still extremely vivid for me.i can relate very much to psalm 18:4-6:"the cords of death entangled me; the torrents of destruction overwhelmed me. the cords of the grave coiled around me; the snares of death confronted me. in my distress i called to the lord; i cried to my god for help. from his temple he heard my voice; my cry came before him, into his ears."i don't believe the psalmist here is simply being poetic about his distress. when he describes "the cords of death" entangling him and the "cords of the grave" coiling around him, this was for him, as for me, a very real description of a physical sensation.my uncle terry (my dad's younger brother) flew over from new zealand and arrived two days ago. he had been waiting on the lord and felt that this was the time to come and join my family in specific prayer. uncle terry and my dad have experenced miracles beyond count -- seeing many wonderful interventions from god in healing (if you'd like to read specific stories of my parents' experiences, i encourage you to read their blog "the living edge"). when uncle terry i arrived, it was the evening i was just about to enter into everything i described above. my family had moved me onto a mattress in the center of our living room, so i that i could be in the center of family life, rather than tucked away in the bedroom. the children had each knelt by my bedside that night and prayed for me (what wonderful prayers of faith they prayed...beautiful expressions of personal trust in the lord). they knew this was serious. i couldn't even lift my head to take a sip of water, and my voice was extremely weak...my family struggled to understand what i was trying to say, it came out in the barest whisper, and if they didn't hear the first time, i would have to gather my strength to say it one more time.uncle terry told me he had been praying and asking the lord for specific direction in how we should pray. he encouraged me that there would come a word from the lord, a word to "rise up." i gathered my strength, and with tears welling in my eyes, i said, "i'm waiting for the word straight from the lord. at his word, i will get up." that's all i could say at the time, but my family understood what i meant. countless times, jesus had spoken to those he was about to heal and say, "rise up and walk" (see, for example, john 5:5-9). i knew i had no physical strength to get up, yet in my mind's eye, i could see myself like the paralytic of acts 3:1-10, "walking and jumping, and praising god"! i asked my mum to read from matthew 14:22-36 -- the account of jesus walking on the water. "that's what i'm waiting for," i said to mum. "the word of jesus, which says, 'come!'" (matthew 14:29). at the word of jesus, i knew, i would get up from my death bed.another passage that my mother read out for me was john 11:1-44 (you may remember i posted my insights into this passage earlier in the year - see, for example, february 8). once again, what struck me was the simple revelation that jesus himself is "the resurrection and the life". i cried out to the lord under my breath and declared, "lord, you are, for me, the resurrection and the life!"far too much happened overnight for me to share in this post -- my cries to god for his mercy, for his compassion, my declarations of faith, my covenantal calls upon him. but i'll take up the story now from when my dad arrived at 5.45 am. he leant over my bed, laid his hands on me, and rebuked the spirit of death. and i then remember my dad praying that my body temperature would stabilize and become "as placid as a lake, without a ripple."remember, i had been struggling to maintain my core body temperature, and i was overcooking at the time -- rugged up with blankets, yet scared of the cold. but at that time, i knew i had to take a simple step of faith. this was, for me, my word from the lord: "rise up and walk." and so i pulled back the blankets from my shoulders. from experience, i knew it would be a matter of seconds and my temperature would crash, and i would begin to shiver from the cold. but nothing happened! i felt warm! a few minutes passed, and i still had no need to cover myself up. after another few minutes, i asked for some water, and was able to lean on my arm to drink -- not just a sip or two, but several sips. my stomach and intenstinal track had settled down. i began to feel energy surging into my body -- not dramatically, but quietly, step by step, reverse of the "drain of death" i had been experiencing up to that time. dad had an appointment with uncle terry for breakfast, and with some dear friends, brian and ruth, who among many others had been interceding for me. he was going to cancel the appointment. i said, this time with growing strength in my voice, "you go, dad. i know the lord is healing me." and so, as an act of faith, dad felt to go. "i'll bring them back to pray too," he said. in the meantime, i was drinking more. i said to mum, "i need to get up and go to the toilet." and so, leaning on her shoulder, i got up and walked to the toilet. when i returned, rather than lying down again, i felt strong enough to sit on the sofa. by this time, i was just covered in a single blanket (my "prayer shawl"). i was now able to drink a full cup of water, and my mum began to get me some clear apple juice -- for the first time taking in real nourishment into my body.we had one of the praise cds playing in our cd player, and it was a song about how god had turned my mourning into dancing (see psalm 30:11). by this time, my mum had gone to go to the bathroom, and so i stood quietly where i was, with my hands raised to the lord, thanking him for his healing. as the song played, i began to softly "jig" in time with the music -- it was the barest of a dance, i was still so weak, but for me it was another step of faith. i was putting into action the faith i had in the lord. from that time on, my recovery was speedy. an hour or so later, my dad arrived with uncle terry, brian and ruth, and i greeted my dad at the door with a military salute. hour by hour, my strength increased. by lunch time, i was walking around as if nothing had happened the night before. when elena finally woke up from her sleep (she had been on night shift, you may recall), she and i went for a walk with the dogs!in the days to come, i'll share more of what god is doing in my life. but already, the testimony of god's grace is being sounded abroad. my gp is amazed by what she recognizes is a total miracle from god's hand. my palliative care nurses knew the seriousness of my situation, and have never encountered anything in their experience like this. as far as they were concerned, from the descriptions i was giving of my ordeal last night, i was on my death bed. everything conformed to what they have witnessed, many times, of people at death's door.i'll close, for now, with my personal testimony of god's mercy, as described in psalm 37:17:"the righteous cry out, and the lord hears them; he delivers them from all their troubles."or as the message so beautifully puts it:"is anyone crying for help? god is listening, ready to rescue you."



posted by david a.collins @ 5:52 am  
      
         19 comments






sunday, september 03, 2006



	 update on david
    


dear friends of david,because he has been unable to write posts for his blog in recent days we felt it was good if we filled you in with an update.it has truly been an amazing journey with david, thus far, with his battle with cancer. there have been so many answers to prayer and, even as we have been praying for him, we know there is an amazing army of people praying and this circle of prayer is increasing all the time, which, to us, is really amazing. whenever he has had pain, after prayer the pain has left. when other difficulties have arisen and on the four or five occasions when he has had to go into hospital, the lord has answered again, and after two or three days he has been home again where he has been for most of this period.until recently, he has been ministering in the church on a regular basis and his messages have been greatly anointed. just this last week he had to go into the hospital again, where he is at the moment, and in this crisis time the lord is answering again. this morning he is looking much better and the oncologists were "pleased with his progress". so the calls of prayer are coming in from around the world reminding us of so many friends who are praying. we are also reminded that our focus is not on the cancer but on the power and the glory of the lord and the gospel's provision for healing.elena and the family are doing well and they want us to thank you also.much love from all of us, and once again thank you so much for your prayers and intercession for david.paul and bunty collins



posted by david a.collins @ 5:03 pm  
      
         4 comments






friday, august 04, 2006



	 writing project - become a cancer victor!
    


i've been in recovery mode for the most part over the last couple of weeks (beginning with the first symptoms of bowel obstruction just over two weeks ago). but i can give testimony to the daily experience of god's grace in my life -- his healing touch, his quiet assurance and his absolute friendship through thick and thin.although i haven't put "pen to paper" much in my blogs over the last fortnight, i have been writing. i began writing a book, about two weeks ago, which i'm calling "become a cancer victor!" in this book, i'm seeking to distill all the lessons i'm learning on my "path of victory" that the lord is unfolding before my feet.i've attached a link to the introduction to the book here. i'd love you to read it, and offer any comments you may have. i'll share more about the book later down the track.become a cancer victor! - introductionin the meantime, keep looking to him always! btw, i've just posted a report in the prayer firewall blog, sharing with you the latest results from ct scans and reports.



posted by david a.collins @ 12:03 am  
      
         7 comments











about me

name:  david a.collins 
location:  melbourne, victoria, australia 
i grew up in thailand and later spent a signficant portion of my life in hong kong. i speak cantonese, fluently enough to woo and marry elena, who is hk chinese, and we've been married now for 20 years. we have three kids - jessica (17), stephanie (14) and jordan (12) - who are the joy of my life. i am on the pastoral team at evangelical community church, in melbourne, australia, and i am president of the online bible college.
view my complete profile



receive updates by email

enter your email
the journey
a gospel for the 21st century
a church for the 21st century
the living edge
sure foundations
the birthright
prayer firewall
family photo album

powered by feedblitz
read this first

the oncologist's report
my response
read in chronological order

my blogs

the journey
a gospel for the 21st century
a church for the 21st century
the prayer firewall
my family photo album
site feed (this blog) - atom/xml

my parent's blogs

the living edge
sure foundations
the birthright

my sister's blogs

over a cuppa
the fireplace
out of the oven
the fruitbowl
the cookie jar
the egg basket
the bread bin

my links

the online bible college
the king's table
micro-churches network
evangelical community church

previous posts

born for the glory
one voice
living in the light of eternity
in glory
all glory to him
jesus, my everything
the words of life
the cords of death
update on david
writing project - become a cancer victor!

archives

october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
january 2007
september 2008











mapstats - real-time city and web stats analysis




tell a friend



sign my guestbook







unique visitors













 





