



how to deploy erxes customer advocacy software

























home
deployment
contact














              deploying erxes &â integrating with your software systems
            

              we sure make a lot of promises and talk a big game. but the real
              question is, how, with so many different systems across the
              development, marketing, and sales landscape ... can we possibly
              track the customer success metrics, and integrate them to come up
              with actionable insights. we'll show you how!
            












                  customer needs â &
                  manufacturing
                

                  modern manufacturing companies are facing shrinking margins
                  and rising costs. the raw material supplies are shrinking and
                  geopolitical challenges are making access to raw materials
                  unreliable. this drastically increases the
                  costs of manufacturing
                  everything from automobiles, to washing machines, to
                  airplanes.at the same time, globalization and
                  technological evolution mean that basically the same product
                  can be produced anywhere. â even if a better product is being
                  made, even if the manufacturing efficiency is excellent, and
                  even if the logistical distribution is streamlined, that is no
                  longer enough. that product can and will be
                  copied. it will be outsourced to an even more efficient
                  production and distribution system. and it will appear on the
                  market, in a matter of weeks or months, at a significant
                  discount.the question then, is what can set a
                  manufacturing organization apart. the answer is customer
                  service. at the end of the day, customers want to feel
                  special. they want attention. the goods they buy are just a
                  means of getting attention from other people ... their
                  admiration. what if they could get that admiration from the
                  company manufacturing that good?â â what if they felt like the
                  company was design products, marketing products, selling
                  products, and providing after-sales support with their unique
                  needs in mind?â â then you would have a customer for life.
                










                  integration
                  & manufacturing
                

                  the challenge that manufacturers face when implementing a
                  robust customer service system, is that they already have a
                  lot of different systems running throughout their production
                  ecosystem.they have erp, mrp, aps, mes systems
                  running on the production side. and that doesn't count
                  all the various analytics tool and databases they have in
                  their marketing tech stack. and that doesn't even touch
                  all capable to promise, available to promise, and sales
                  interfaces that are used by the sales team to sell over the
                  internet. how do you get a customer service system
                  integrated across all these systems?â â simple really. we map
                  out the screens the workflows that are being used in your
                  existing manufacturing systems and then erxes works as a
                  series of screen overlays. as the users are going about their
                  normal workflow, popups appear asking the users to input a
                  little bit of extra data, or to consider a different point of
                  view. when the user completes the action, the popups
                  disappear. yes, the mapping process can be a
                  challenge ... but not for you. that's our job. and the
                  good news is that we have worked with a huge assortment of
                  manufacturers and their native systems already. we have worked
                  with the big names like
                  sap and
                  oracle. and we have worked with hundreds of the smaller players.
                  and even if you have a tech stack we are not familiar with,
                  that is not a problem. in fact, we look forward to adding your
                  system to our knowledge-base ... that's how we improve!
                





          manufacturing industries






              including but not limited to the manufacturing industry
            
native integration support





sap





oracle erp





microsoft dynamics





salesforce










              mapping the customer experience throughout the entire software
              development lifecycle. 






email
sales@erxes.org





find

                  blackheath park, london, se3 9rt
                





whatsapp
+44 20 7946 0656








                â© erxes systems.
                privacy policy.
                terms and conditions.
              









