

























department of resident life - living at the university of maryland










      skip to main content
    














main menu




about us


vision, mission, & values


director's welcome


deij commitment


staff directory


res life scholarships


contact us




terp housing


apply for housing


rates & fees


room layouts & tours


residence halls


additional housing options


programs & communities


moving & breaks


mail & packages


maintenance & repairs


important dates




safety & resources


community living handbook


safety & security


alcohol, fire & other policies


health & wellness


student rights & responsibilities


sustainability resources


academic success


assistance & support animals


gold code


guidelines for outdoor use




campus life


dining plans


campus map


get involved


orientation


things to do at umd




join our team


undergraduate employment


graduate employment


staff openings


res life alumni network




housing portal

















be an on-campus terp
our residence hall community is a wonderful place to engage, learn, discover, and be immersed in all the university of maryland has to offer. join a diverse group of talented peers from across the country and around the world who have chosen the on-campus maryland residential experience. 

          living on campus
      










submit your housing & dining agreement todayjoin the maryland residential experience!  we encourage returning residents to stay on and invite new terps to live here.












feb. 24returning studentsstay on


may 1new studentslive here





















home away from homethere's nothing like bonding with your floormates and creating lifelong friendships when living on-campus. you'll be surrounded by students experiencing similar journeys and have support when you need it. from hall and community programs to athletic and campus events, to leadership roles and on-campus employment, your calendar will be full and your skills will soar!










          housing portal
      
























benefits of living on campus webinar
join us on february 18 at 12:00 p.m. (noon) for an overview of the many housing options available here on campus! tune in and get to know your options and the next steps to stay on.

          register for webinar
       








room selection
participate in room selection and have the opportunity to select the room you want! get all the dates, details, and resources to prepare as a returning student.

          room selection details
       








spring break
residence halls close 7:00 p.m., friday, march 14 and re-open 10:00 a.m., sunday, march 23. need break housing? we've got you covered! 

          spring break details
       








find your squad
kick off your semester at our find your squad events designed to foster friendships, create lasting memories, and make everyone feel at home at umd.

          upcoming events
       


























room layouts & tours
take a 360º tour of our typical residence halls and see what's included in your room.

          step inside our rooms
       






















res life resourcescampus living provides for a once-in-a-lifetime experience with complete access to all the university has to offer. quick linksstep into your new homefall 2025 housing outlookcommunity living handbookmaintenance & repairsdining at marylandmail & packagespoliciesread the land acknowledgement
























building an inclusive community at umd










































important dates












 

january 24-26
spring move-in




 

february 24
deadline to submit housing agreement




 

march 14
halls close for spring break





view previous stat



view next stat












          view full calendar
      




















about


apply


terp housing


housing portal


contact us


site map








department of resident life
7626 regents drive, 2101 annapolis hall, college park, md 20742
301-314-2100
 · 
reslife@umd.edu





visit our facebook





visit our instagram





visit our youtube












umd.edu


web accessibility


privacy notice





back to top






