







radiowalla.in



















 






















home


services


about us



contact us


sochcast


investors


















our experience


fasten your seatbelts, because we are about to transform your brand.

get in touch
















our features
over 1000 + locations & counting.


















multiple player options
choose from windows, linux, web player or radiowalla device options.













real time dashboard & analytics
real time status reports and configurable alerts, detailed analytics and playout stats.













multilingual content
choose your language – kashmiri to tamil, gujarati to assamese, we do it all and more.













7 days support
we are here to make sure your stores never face any issue.













music curation by experts
our team of music experts works with you to curate that ideal sound for your station.













multiple media options
mp4, mp3, wav etc.





















smart solution for a retail business!







in store radio
exclusive radio for your brand: we are sure you’ve visited stores that play great music, lift your mood, help you make the right choice and leave you feeling good. you may have wondered how that happens. we know how. we do it.







strategic alliances - open up revenue generating inventory in your stores

                                - influence sales through point-of-sale marketing.
                                - open instore radio inventory.
                                - create an exclusive platform for advertising.
                                - generate revenue through innovative instore concepts.
                            







corporate radio
corporate communication for an organization is crucial and challenging. keeping employees informed, engaged and motivated is a big part of it. with many teams, locations and a diverse group of employees it only helps to stay connected and up to date with the latest relevant developments.







digital screen content management solution
cloud based audio visual content management solution for your retail tv screens, be it the help desk of a multi-speciality hospital or the reception of a 5* resort, digital screens drive customer engagement and help influence customer behaviour via rich engaging content.







digital media
building on our core competency, we now offer the award-winning digital audio and video advertising production experience that has serviced the likes of the top e-commerce giants, the hospitality industry, online grocery brands and the largest retail spaces across 10 countries.










 








become a part of radiowalla community
to experience these solutions at your business site for free, write to us at sales@radiowalla.in.

send an enquiry













our experience







a trusted partner since 2010.
smart solution for a retail business!
radiowalla is a trusted partner of the retail industry and collaborates with over 600+ retailers across 10 countries.

awards & recognitions
radiowalla has also been listed as one of the top 10 in-store radio companies globally by "venture radar".
winner of "indian content leadership" award for the best business/financial content on radio & podcast.
to experience these solutions at your business site for free, write to us at sales@radiowalla.in
get in touch








1 billion 
listeners


10 +
ad campaigns





1
countries



40 + 
brands



























































  













all fields are mandatory.
captcha is invalid.







thank you for contacting us. we will get back to you shortly.











get in touch
have any questions?







we really value your feedback! tell us about your radiowalla experience at the email address mentioned below or fill in the form.
we also welcome any questions, issues and complaints and suggestions. please give us 24 hours to respond.


support

:
                                    


info@radiowalla.in





feedback

:
                                    


feedback@radiowalla.in 





sales / advertising

:
                                    


sales@radiowalla.in 





pr / marketing

:
                                    


mktg@radiowalla.in











 















contact info
email: sales@radiowalla.in









support
email: info@radiowalla.in









our corporate office
#16/a, maratha bhavan, block 'a' basement floor, miller tank bund road,vasanthnagar bangalore 560052






radiowalla


© 2025 radiowalla network limited (previously known as radiowalla network pvt ltd.)









our pages


home
about us
instore radio
strategic alliances
digital screen content management
corporate radio
digital media
contact us
investors
careers
media



help center


support
privacy policy
terms & conditions
eula



follow us


facebook
instagram
twitter
linkedin





 

   





























 
