
 





st. mark's episcopal church – celebrating god's inclusive love since 1925













































 



↓ skip to main content







secondary navigation









 
st. mark's episcopal church
celebrating god's inclusive love since 1925




main navigation

menu
home
about us





history
directions to st. mark’s
recent sermons
stewardship at st. mark’s
about the episcopal church


news & events





from the lion’s mouth
weekly schedule
calendar


people





the rev. joan conley, rector
the rev. james warnke, priest associate
george wesner, director of music
themba johnson, parish administrator


ministries





altar guild
assisting at worship
book group
buildings & grounds committee
education for ministry (efm)
gardening guild
green team
ministry resources and links
quilting guild
small groups of faith


music
outreach





lion’s den coffeehouse and open mic
math adventures and word play


contact us
 








 118 chadwick rd (at grange)teaneck, nj 07666 | (201) 836-7275info @ stmarksteneck.org




donatepledge





sunday zoom


 








welcome!





st. mark’s has been “celebrating god’s inclusive love” since 1925. our joyful and diverse community meets at the intersection of an ancient faith and modern thought, and we invite seekers, questioners and doubters of any religious background (or none).


stewardship 2024 – thanks to all who have pledged so far!



2025 online pledge form



worship (in person and virtual)


sundays 

8:00 a.m. – holy eucharist (communion) simple, said service, in person only
10:00 a.m. – holy eucharist (communion) with music and sermon, in person and on zoom.

healing prayer is offered during communion
child care for babies/toddlers available during the service
church school runs concurrently with the 10:00 a.m. service during the school year




tuesdays & thursdays:

8:00 p.m. – compline (night prayer) on zoomthe last prayer of the “daily office” these are spoken services of approximately half an hour, with scripture readings and the opportunity to offer prayers of petition (asking) and thanksgiving. there is no sermon.



unable to join us in real time? st. mark’s worship services are recorded so you can still participate in the prayers, hear the sermon, and enjoy the music. you’ll find the most recent one here, and we invite you to view our archive of recorded services on our youtube channel.



short on time? here is the latest sermon from our pulpit:




events








keywords








location







any dates




 




category

choose an event category community & culture
community outreach
family & education
other
worship







event type

choose an event type appearance or signing
attraction
class, training, or workshop
coffeehouse & open mic
concert
dessert
dinner or gala
evening prayer
festival or fair
game or competition
holy communion
meal
   luncheon
meeting or networking event
   picnic
rally
screening
seminar or talk
tour
tournament
tradeshow, consumer show or expo
tutoring
worship service
   funeral
   morning pryaer




 


your browser does not support javascript, or it is disabled. javascript must be enabled in order to view listings.



events

























09
feb










09
feb





holy eucharist – the fifth sunday after epiphany



                                2025-02-09                                10:00 am                            



                                118 chadwick road, teaneck, nj 07666                            

worship service


















22
feb










22
feb





lion’s den coffeehouse & open mic night



                                2025-02-22                                07:00 pm - 10:00 pm                            



                                118 chadwick road, teaneck, nj 07666                            

coffeehouse & open mic








load more events

here’s what’s happening
 bishop issues pastoral letter about immigration crisis - the rt. rev. carlye j. hughes, the bishop of newark, issued a pastoral letter in response to the recent actions of the federal government impacting migrants. the executive order rescinding protected status for churches, schools, and hospitals was shocking and had immediate impact in northern new jersey. the loss of…  …  bishop issues pastoral letter about immigration crisis read more » what would martin do? mlk remembered with scholarship lunch - on sunday, january 19th, st. mark's revived another pre-covid tradition with the return of the martin luther king scholarship luncheon. this event raises funds which are then given to graduating high school seniors who have demonstrated service and leadership in the life of the parish. during our 10:00 a.m. service,…  …  what would martin do? mlk remembered with scholarship lunch read more » in the green midwinter: hydroponic garden yields indoor goodness - the weather outside may be frightful, but inside carroll hall, a new ministry is yielding leafy goodness. in cooperation with christ church in teaneck, a new group under the tutelage of gardening guild chair pat pacheco is using a hydroponic garden to grow lettuce which is then donated to the…  …  in the green midwinter: hydroponic garden yields indoor goodness read more » epiphany at st. mark’s - this year epiphany, the feast commemorating the arrival of the magi at the birthplace of jesus, fell on a monday, so we observed it on the last day of christmastide. like last year we held a "pop-up pageant" in which narrators read the story from luke's gospel while others act…  …  epiphany at st. mark’s read more » christ the king sunday at st. mark’s - the last sunday of the church year is known as the feast of christ the king. a relatively modern observance, it was instituted first in the roman catholic church in 1925 by pope pius xi in response to an increasingly secular and ultra-nationalist sentiment in society. it is now observed,…  …  christ the king sunday at st. mark’s read more »
episcopal news service  the official news service of the episcopal church.presiding officers emphasize executive council’s role supporting church’s ‘moral witness’ in worldby david paulsen on february 17, 2025 [episcopal news service – linthicum heights, maryland] executive council has convened here feb. 17-19 for its first meeting since the inauguration of president donald trump – a political earthquake that episcopal leaders say has shaken many of the communities the church serves, but not the church’s commitment to serving them. presiding bishop sean rowe and house of deputies president julia ayala harris, in their opening remarks feb. 17, did not reference trump by name but alluded, mostly in general terms, to the sharp shift in many federal policies during the first month since his return to office. “we are weathering what has proven to be a hard season for us and for the people that we serve, for sure. many of us are afraid and looking to the church to provide a sense of safety and moral witness,” rowe said. “as the political landscape of the united states becomes even more confusing and harder to navigate, we are being called to make decisions here in this place that are firmly rooted in the kingdom of god.” rowe then repeated a theme that has become common in his public addresses since the inauguration: the people marginalized by society and by our political leaders are at the center of god’s kingdom. in his remarks to executive council, he again singled out “migrants, transgender people, the poor and vulnerable.” in god’s kingdom, “they are not reviled and scapegoated. … they are the bearers of salvation,” rowe said. “if we believe this to be true, where does that leave us as a church? where does that lead us as a church?” ayala harris cited a recent lawsuit as one example of the church actively responding to the needs christ calls on his followers to meet. the episcopal church last week joined more than two dozen ecumenical and interfaith partners in suing the trump administration over policy changes giving immigration agents greater flexibility to conduct enforcement actions in houses of worship and other “sensitive” places. “this is not about politics. it’s about embodying christ’s radical hospitality in our very structures and policies,” ayala harris said. “the gospel compels us to welcome the stranger, to care for the vulnerable and to ensure that all who seek spiritual sanctuary can do so freely. and my friends, if we fail to lead with courage, we risk not just stagnation but irrelevance.” executive council is the episcopal church’s governing and oversight body between meetings of general convention and typically meets in person three times a year. its last gathering, in november, occurred days after both rowe’s installation as the church’s 28th presiding bishop and trump’s election as president. the current meeting is being held in suburban baltimore at the maritime conference center, a frequent venue for episcopal church governance meetings. executive council’s initial agenda for this meeting was light on action items – the board spent most of its first morning in a training on emotional intelligence and effective interpersonal relations – though some of its upcoming sessions, both open and closed, will touch on trump’s suspension of the federal refugee resettlement program, committee work and church leaders’ ongoing recruitment of a new executive officer for general convention and a chief finance officer for the church.  on feb. 18, representatives from compass, a contractor hired to survey and analyze the churchwide staffing structure, will present their latest findings and recommendations to council members, and on feb. 19, rowe is scheduled to offer more details in a closed session about efforts he is spearheading for a “structural realignment” of churchwide operations to better serve the needs of dioceses and congregations. the first phase of those plans won’t be unveiled publicly until after this meeting. ongoing tensions among some council members also surfaced again briefly during the morning session feb. 17 on emotional intelligence session, which was led by three representatives from the consultant visions inc. sandra montes, a lay executive council member from the diocese of texas, raised concerns about the way visions had framed discussion, suggesting that it was based in a white-centric understanding of emotion and communication. “this is completely different to people of the global majority to lgbtqia+ people. and when we show up as ourselves … we are seen differently than who we are,” montes said. “do you want me to be, like, ok, i need to learn my emotions so i don’t show that i’m angry or that i don’t show that i’m scared? that’s what this seems like to me.” another member, thomas chu of the diocese of new york, who is gay, rose to object to montes’ generalizing about all people of color and lgbtq+ people. “i’m feeling mad, sad and scared,” chu said, referencing some of the emotions listed on a visions graphic. “sandra, you can speak what you’re saying. but i’m an lgbtqia+ person, a person of color. i feel very differently from you. and i accept what you said, but please don’t represent us. … this is [about] process – it’s not about what you said, it’s about how you said it, and you had an impact on me right now.” executive council is chaired by rowe, as presiding bishop, and ayala harris is vice chair. it has 38 other voting members, a mix of bishops, other clergy and lay leaders. twenty are elected by general convention to staggered six-year terms – or 10 new members every three years. the episcopal church’s nine provinces elect the other 18 to six-year terms, also staggered. ayala harris, in her opening remarks, underscored the importance of executive council in upholding the church’s faith values, especially in today’s world. “our decisions here ripple through the life of every diocese, every congregation, every seeker who is looking to the episcopal church right now as a beacon of radical welcome and transformative love,” she said. “as we make decisions about resource allocation and policy, we directly influence the capacity of our congregations to serve their communities,anglican church of canada announces process and date for election of its next primateby melodie woerman on february 17, 2025 [anglican church of canada] the general synod will meet june 23–29 in london, ontario, and a major item of business will be the election on june 26 of a new primate of the anglican church of canada. canon iii requires the order of bishops to meet prior to the general synod meeting to choose three or more nominees — and this meeting must occur between 30 and 120 days prior to the date of the election. this will take place during the meeting of the house of bishops scheduled for march 31–april 4. on april 2, the order of bishops will prayerfully discern the names of the nominees in a balloting process as set out in the regulations of canon iii as determined by the council of the general synod. these names will be posted on the general synod website at 9 a.m. eastern on april 3. the general secretary is required to collect and disseminate biographical information about the nominees. in order to give time for the nominees to provide this information and for general synod staff to assemble it in a uniform style for dissemination, this information will be posted on the website at 9 a.m. eastern on april 11. the nominees also will be asked a series of questions and given the opportunity to have their answers recorded on video. once these videos are edited and ready to be posted, they will be added to the website at 9 a.m. eastern on april 22. during the meeting of the general synod, the orders of clergy and laity will gather at st. paul’s cathedral, london, ontario, for the election of the new primate on june 26. once that process is complete, the acting primate will announce the election of the new primate of the anglican church of canada.african primates issue statement for peace about conflict in democratic republic of the congoby melodie woerman on february 17, 2025 [anglican communion news service] anglican primates from the council of anglican provinces (capa) of africa on feb. 12 issued a statement for peace on the ongoing crisis in the democratic republic of the congo (drc). the statement was signed by the most rev. albert chama, primate of the church of the province of central africa and chair of capa, on behalf of all anglican primates in africa. the statement follows. blessed are the peacemakers, for they will be called children of god.” (matthew 5:9) we, the africa anglican primates representing the anglican communion in africa, express our deepest and grave concern and unwavering solidarity with the people of the democratic republic of the congo (drc) amid the ongoing crisis that has persisted for decades. the turmoil impacting the nation is a profound humanitarian tragedy, marked by violence, displacement, and suffering that affects millions of innocent lives. we acknowledge the extensive history of conflict in the drc, deeply rooted in colonial legacies and exacerbated by political instability, economic exploitation and ethnic tensions. this crisis has taken a heavy toll, resulting in the loss of lives, the disruption of families, and the endangerment of communities that have long sought for peace and justice. as followers of christ, we are called to be peacemakers, advocating for love, reconciliation, and justice. we therefore urge: 1. an end to violence: we call for an immediate cessation of hostilities and an end to the violence perpetrated against vulnerable populations, especially women and children, particularly in the areas around the eastern province of the country. the protection of all civilians must be prioritized, and those who commit acts of violence must be held accountable. 2. dialogue and reconciliation: we encourage all parties involved in the drc’s conflict to engage in meaningful dialogue, prioritizing reconciliation efforts that foster understanding and healing among diverse communities. the path to peace requires a commitment to listening, understanding, and resolving grievances through non-violent means. in this wise, we lend our support to the various initiatives by the regional blocs such as the eac, sadc, the au and the un and other well-meaning bodies. 3. support for humanitarian aid: we urge the international community, including governments, humanitarian organizations, and individuals, to extend their support to address the urgent needs of those affected by the crisis. access to water, food, healthcare, shelter, and education must be prioritized to restore dignity and hope within especially the displaced communities. 4. respect for human rights: we call for the protection of human rights and the promotion of justice within the drc. our commitment to christ’s teaching compels us to stand against corruption, oppression, and any actions that violate the inherent dignity of every human being. 5. sustainable development: we acknowledge that long-term peace in the drc requires addressing the root causes of conflict, including poverty, inequality, and lack of access to resources. we implore national and international leaders to work collaboratively towards sustainable development in the region, ensuring that the wealth of the drc benefits all its citizens. we, the africa anglican primates, stand with the people of drc in prayer and action. we encourage local churches and communities to be agents of peace, fostering environments where love and hope can flourish despite the shadows of despair. may god grant us the strength and wisdom to work together toward a peaceful and just future for all in the drc.jerusalem’s patriarchs, heads of the churches make humanitarian plea for gazaby melodie woerman on february 17, 2025 [anglican communion news service] on feb. 14, the patriarchs and heads of the churches in jerusalem issued a humanitarian plea about defending the dignity and presence of the people of gaza. they said they “raise our voices in sorrow and steadfast resolve in the face of the ongoing suffering in gaza.” they added, “the people of gaza, families who have lived for generations in the land of their ancestors, must not be forced into exile, stripped of whatever is left of their homes, their heritage, and their right to remain in the land that forms the essence of their identity.” archbishop hosam naoum, primate of the province of jerusalem & the middle east and bishop of the episcopal diocese of jerusalem, was among those issuing the statement, which follows. as custodians of the christian faith and conscience in this sacred land, we raise our voices in sorrow and steadfast resolve in the face of the ongoing suffering in gaza. the devastation that has unfolded before the eyes of the world is a profound moral and humanitarian tragedy. thousands of innocent lives have been lost, and entire communities stand in ruin, with the most vulnerable — children, the elderly and the sick — enduring unimaginable hardship. amid this anguish, we are compelled to speak against the grave threat of mass displacement, an injustice that strikes at the very heart of human dignity. the people of gaza, families who have lived for generations in the land of their ancestors, must not be forced into exile, stripped of whatever is left of their homes, their heritage and their right to remain in the land that forms the essence of their identity. as christians, we cannot be indifferent to such suffering, for the gospel commands us to uphold the dignity of every human being. the words of our lord remind us: “woe to those who make unjust laws, to those who issue oppressive decrees, to deprive the poor of their rights and withhold justice from the oppressed.” (isaiah 10:1-2) in this critical moment, we acknowledge and support the position of his majesty king abdullah ii of jordan, president el-sisi of egypt and others, whose firm and principled stance has remained clear and unwavering in rejecting any attempt to uproot the people of gaza from their land. their relentless efforts to provide humanitarian aid, appeal to the world’s conscience, and insist on the protection of civilians exemplify leadership at its highest level of responsibility. in this same spirit, we also call for the release of all captives from both sides so that they can be safely reunited with their families. we appeal to all people of faith, to governments and to the international community to act swiftly and decisively to halt this catastrophe. let there be no justification for the uprooting of a people who have already suffered beyond measure. let the sanctity of human life and the moral obligation to protect the defenseless outweigh the forces of destruction and despair. we call for an immediate, unfettered humanitarian access to those in desperate need. to abandon them now would be to abandon our shared humanity. as we lift our prayers for those in mourning, for the wounded and for those who remain steadfast in the land of their forefathers, we remember the promise of scripture: “the lord upholds all who fall and lifts up all who are bowed down.” (psalm 145:14) may the god of mercy strengthen the afflicted, soften the hearts of those who hold power, and bring forth a peace that upholds justice, preserves human dignity, and safeguards the presence of all people in the land to which they belong.episcopal, elca bishops plead for tennessee to renew summer program addressing child hungerby david paulsen on february 14, 2025 [episcopal news service] east tennessee bishop brian cole joined his counterpart in the evangelical lutheran church in america to write a column in the nashville tennessean pleading for the state to commit to distributing federal food assistance to address child hunger this summer. the state has until feb. 15 to decide whether to use the federal funds. the program helps feed low-income children in the summer, when they no longer have access to the free or reduced-cost meals they receive during the school year. “the program is a lifeline at a time when inflation in food prices makes it impossible for too many families to provide adequate nutrition for their children,” cole said in the column with the rev. kevin strickland, who leads the elca’s southeastern synod, with congregations in tennessee and three other states. cole’s knoxville-based diocese has congregations in the eastern third of the state. the full column can be read here.minnesota bishop establishes fund to help church serve immigrants, fill federal funding gapsby david paulsen on february 14, 2025 [episcopal news service] minnesota bishop craig loya has established a new migrant support fund and has asked diocesan congregations to take a special collection on march 2 to add to its initial gift of $10,000. loya created the fund, he told episcopal news service, because the diocese has seven congregations where immigrants are the majority of members, and another two where immigrants are a sizable minority. four are predominantly latino, but all of them include people who have arrived in minnesota from around the world. “we are richly blessed by this diversity,” he said. but in a time when recent immigrants are the target of what he called hateful rhetoric and unjust policies, “we really feel as a diocese that we have to provide a response,” he said. loya thinks the fund can be helpful in two main ways: providing money to congregations’ existing or new initiatives that serve recent immigrants, especially if they need to expand those efforts; and partnering with other organizations to help fill the gaps that will result from cuts to federal funding under president donald trump. specifics are still in flux, loya said, as changing circumstances affect where the need is greatest, but he knows the need will be enormous. and just because there is a limited amount the diocese can do “doesn’t let us off the hook to do what we can,” he said with episcopal migration ministries winding down its core operations after the trump administration halted federal funding for refugee services, loya said that now is “a moment for us to recommit to the stranger among us with the love god extends to every human being.” since announcing the fund’s creation on feb. 6, more than 100 individuals have made personal contributions, he said, and he also has been contacted by ecumenical colleagues in the state to see if there was a way they could either partner with the fund or start one of their own. loya’s commitment to the fund, and meeting the needs behind it, springs from what he describes as the christian community’s dual vocation of witness and resistance – “witnessing to god’s vision for beloved community in the world, witnessing to the power of god’s love and god’s coming kingdom in the world; and resisting the way in which the forces of evil in a broken world are always breaking down the creatures of god.” a model for how christians can speak up in challenging times, he said, comes from the comments washington bishop mariann budde addressed to president donald trump in the jan. 21 service of prayer for the nation at washington national cathedral. her words were “brave, convicted, clear, gentle, humble and loving,” loya said. he also supports the action of the episcopal church in joining the lawsuit against the trump administration for allowing immigration officers to target churches and other “sensitive” places for arrests as part of the president’s promised crackdown on legal and illegal immigration. “there is probably no clearer moral imperative in the hebrew and christian scriptures than the call to care for the stranger and the foreigner in our midst,” loya said. “we are given that call because when we were estranged from god, god met us with embrace rather than exclusion.” loya also acknowledged that while his primary motivation for serving immigrants in his diocese comes simply from being a follower of jesus, as a third-generation mexican american it feels personal. “when i see photos of some of the people in the early deportation efforts, i see my grandmother, my aunts, my uncles, my cousins,” he said. he added that for christians, “what affects one of us affects all of us.” in addition to announcing the migrant support fund, loya’s message also encouraged support for the diocese’s migration caucus, a group of clergy and lay people who have been meeting online for several months to help congregations better understand what is happening with immigration and how they can assist. he noted a series of resources the caucus has gathered. as bishop, loya also called on minnesotans to pray as a way to ground their work and advocacy, and he offered a special prayer that he asked to be used as the end of the prayers of the people every sunday until easter day: o god, who embraced us with perfect love and made us your people when we were yet strangers to you: be present with all refugees, immigrants, and displaced people throughout the world; may they know the consolation of your presence, and the liberating power of your love. then give us grace, we pray, to extend ever wider your embrace in a world of exclusion, until all your children are knit together as beloved family in the perfect love that is your very heart, through jesus christ our lord, who was displaced among us, and who now lives and reigns with you, in the unity of the holy spirit, one god, now and forever. amen. — melodie woerman is an episcopal news service freelance reporter based in kansas. 
 






 




 






























st. mark’s episcopal church | 118 chadwick rd | teaneck, nj 07666copyright © 2025 st. mark's episcopal church | powered by responsive theme





























