








adult sunday school lessons as current as this week's news. | the wired word






















toggle navigation








home
more information
view samples
testimonials
 contact us
help
pay your bill
start today!
log in


start today!
log in







fresh and engaging bible study material for your adult sunday school class or small group.





bring your adult bible study lessons and class discussions to life.
the lesson you present this coming week in your church class or small group could spark the most stimulating discussions you've ever had!
when you show students that the bible is alive today by relating it to news events happening here and now, you can make a real difference in people's lives and their spiritual growth.



choose from 2 bible study lessons each week.
each weekly installment gives you the choice of two different bible study lessons perfect to use as your church or small group adult sunday school curriculum. each lesson is based on the foundations of christian faith and includes bible verses, biblical commentary, discussion questions, reference materials that relate to a topic in the news that week — it could even be a news event that is occurring the same day.



view a free sample lesson.
with the wired word adult sunday school curriculum, we provide everything you need for your adult sunday school lessons or small-group bible study lessons to link the latest headlines and current events to appropriate scripture — with minimal preparation time.

            to view a free sample of the teacher and student lessons, click here.

        





extract hope from the news.
news is inevitable--whether it be good or bad, but what better way to extract hope from this input, is to juxtapose bible verses as tools to persevere and navigate our daily walk in christian faith.



adaptable for virtual classes.
we provide an online email tool and class list you can create and manage to distribute a student version of the lesson to everyone in your church or small group class in advance for study preparation--especially useful if you're meeting virtually.



no workbooks or student materials needed.
all class materials are provided for the teacher and students. you'll receive a weekly teacher lesson email (along with a second lesson option), and a student version of the lesson that is easy to distribute to your students.


start today!






            "i have been using the wired word for a little over a month, and i can't say enough good about it. the lessons are great, and you seem to have covered all the bases for the teachers. i tell everyone about what a great service you have to offer. thank you so much. it is truly worth the cost."
            
—mike





weekly lessons sent right to your inbox every thursday.


                when you subscribe to the wired word, every thursday you'll receive not just one, but two ready-to-use, weekly adult bible study lessons delivered right to your inbox.
            

                this email will contain everything you need as a teacher to create a stimulating adult sunday school lessons or small-group study discussions that truly engage your fellow students in your adult ministry or adult discipleship program with minimal preparation time.
            

the wired word is a dream come true for busy adult sunday school teachers and small-group leaders.
            

                lessons are organized into seven sections:
            


                    a teacher introduction to the lesson
                

in the news summary of a current event
                

big questions for consideration or discussion about the topic
                

scripture references to help confront the news with hope
                


                    additional group discussion questions



                    suggestions for responding to the news


                    a closing prayer



view a sample lesson











how it works.
we provide an easy-to-use, class-list emailing tool that manages your students' information to send the weekly lessons to them with a few clicks of your keyboard. simply add your students' names and email addresses to easily distribute the lesson without cluttering up your personal inbox. you can add personal messages as well to the weekly lesson using our tool. students can opt-in or out of receiving the lesson, and you, as the teacher, can easily manage anyone who may choose to unsubscribe or re-subscribe.
then, every thursday, you'll receive an email with the current lessons and links to the material on our website.
once you receive your weekly teacher email, go to the website and print the lesson of your choice to distribute in class or use our emailing tool to distribute a student version of the lesson in advance. our class list tool is especially helpful if you are not meeting in person or if you wish to give you students extra time to study for your class discussions.
that's it!
you'll rest easy knowing your class members have everything they need to participate in your adult discipleship group discussions. plus, all lessons are archived on our website, allowing you to search past lessons for additional content just in case the current news articles aren't relatable or appropriate for your church class or small group that week.

view a sample lesson







            "just want to thank you for really excellent, faith-based, interesting material that invariably leads to great discussions, learning, and sharing. good stuff! thanks for making our bible study zing!"
            
—lou







            start today. cancel anytime.
        

            act now, and for as low as $1.54 per week, you'll receive a full year of this time-saving tool. it's a tremendous bargain you won't find from any other source.
        

            our convenient continuous-subscription program ensures automatic email delivery every thursday, 52 weeks a year. you're never obligated to continue. naturally, you may cancel at any time for any reason, no questions asked.
        

            now, even when you're short of time, you can have a powerful sunday school lesson for your church group ready in no time — one that your class members will find unforgettable.
        

            the wired word is an ideal solution for an adult sunday school curriculum in your church. in less than one hour per week, you can now prepare meaningful lessons for your adult sunday school class or small group that inspire your students and help them relate scripture to their daily lives.
        




start today!



     








                        our guarantee
                    

                        there is never any commitment to continue, and you can cancel your subscription with a click of a button at any time. 
                    
start today!




home |
                    more information |
                    testimonials |
                    start today! |
                    help |
                    contact us |
                    privacy policy



                copyright © 2005-2025  communication resources, inc.. all rights reserved.
            









