






center for turfgrass science






















































 
 skip to content



universitywide
new brunswick
new jersey agricultural experiment stationnjaes


search rutgers



search










































new jersey agricultural experiment station
center for turfgrass science




home
about us

facilities
faculty
history of the rutgers turfgrass program


education
outreach
research
resources

rutgers turf blog
turf industry jobs & internships
turfgrass associations


support us
contact us
center for turfgrass science
main content
donald kobayashimain research interests in my laboratory focus on plant microbiology. research projects include investigating the molecular basis of bacterial antagonism of fungal plant pathogen hosts; characterizing populations of the bacterial pathogen, xylella fastidiosa, infecting oak and other shade trees the greater northeastern united states; and detecting plant diseases caused by bacterial pathogens.read more donald kobayashi




the center for turfgrass science generates and disseminates knowledge, and provides training and education in the turfgrass sciences by fostering nationally recognized multidisciplinary research; undergraduate, graduate, and continuing professional education; and service programs that support the turfgrass industry.
more about us

center news
registration is open for the 34th annual rutgers turfgrass symposium, to be held on march 20, 2025
research grant program call for proposals
welcome dr. ming-yi chou


rutgers turf blog
fall brings opportunities for perennial weed controlaugust 28, 2024
what does the fling with spring mean for weed emergence?march 20, 2024
good time to assess drainagefebruary 23, 2024
summer weedsjuly 6, 2023
time to control yellow nutsedgejune 9, 2023
weeds of early springapril 5, 2023

more from the rutgers turf blog




videos

visit the new center for turfgrass science youtube channel

 
rutgers turfgrass research field days returned!
 
turf management practices during covid-19 with jim murphy, matt elmore, albrecht koppenhofer, and bruce clarke
 
disease management during covid-19 – carolinas gcsa video with b. clarke, j. kerns, j. roberts




footercontact





















	center for turfgrass science
	new jersey agricultural experiment station
	rutgers, the state university of new jersey
	59 dudley rd.
	new brunswick, nj 08901-8520
	webmaster@njaes.rutgers.edu




related units
rutgers new jersey agricultural experiment station
rutgers, the state university of new jersey
national institute of food and agriculture

sebs/njaes commitment to justice, equity, diversity, and inclusion
legalcooperating agencies: rutgers, the state university of new jersey, u.s. department of agriculture, and boards of county commissioners. rutgers cooperative extension, a unit of the rutgers new jersey agricultural experiment station, is an equal opportunity program provider and employer.rutgers university is an equal access/equal opportunity institution. individuals with disabilities are encouraged to direct suggestions, comments, or complaints concerning any accessibility issues with rutgers web sites to: accessibility@rutgers.edu or complete the report accessibility barrier or provide feedback form.copyright © 2025 rutgers, the state university of new jersey.log in 











