



donald schnell – st. john, us virgin islands
























































home
the villas

villa map
concierge
villa comparison
rates & inquiries


vehicles
about us
about st. john
the studio

lighting
fountains
tableware
signs
art glass
italian terracotta
corporate gifts
about the artist
st. john magazine artist profile by mauri elbel


contact
 






✕














donald's studio creates unique ceramics and offers lighting, design & decorating consultation to all the finest resorts, villas and homes in the caribbean. 
							the studio 
							 















the villas



vehicles
 
about us


donald & deborah schnell bring the experience of thirty plus years of st. john living to the creation, decoration and management of their island villas. additionally, donald's studio creates unique ceramics and offers lighting, design & decorating consultation to all the finest resorts, villas and homes in the caribbean.

read more




meandering around the island’s shops, resorts and villas will likely give you a taste of donald schnell studio’s handcrafted ceramics regardless of whether you ever set foot in his gallery. perhaps this notoriety stems from schnell’s ability to flawlessly capture the natural essence of st. john through his unique pottery, made from raw clay blended with virgin islands coral sand and adorned with recycled crushed blue glass the color of the caribbean sea. his work seems to be intrinsically linked to the inspiration he’s found on st. john since 1975, the year he and his wife, deborah, moved here from chicago.st. john magazine artist profile by mauri elbel

contact us
call us
1-800-253-7107
(340) 776-6420 day 
info@artisticvillas.com




studio location
our pottery studio is located in the amoré center - a short walk from either mongoose junction or the ferry dock. please feel free to stop by to brow























 

member caribbean hotel association & us virgin islands hotel & tourism association






                © 2018 donald schnell. all rights reserved.               






































