




veterinary hospital | frederick county, md | buckeystown veterinary hospital




































skip to main navigation
skip to main content
access



same-day appointments available. new clients welcome - save $50 on your first visit!
learn more
dismiss







menu
contact






veterinary services

dental care
emergencies
farm animal care
senior pet care
small animal care
surgery




boarding & daycare

pet boarding

dog training classes



new clients

new client special




about us

meet our team hospital tour job opportunities 


resources

helpful links online forms
online store
pet medical records

our blog
 

contact us



 



buckeystown veterinary hospital
buckeystown veterinary hospital




phone:   (301) 698-9930

address:   3820 buckeystown pike, , buckeystown, md 21717













find us on facebook


 
 













buckeystown veterinary hospital in frederick county, md






consistent winner of frederick's best vet 2007-2022










request an appointment











request medication









buckeystown veterinary hospital offers services for every animal lover, including domestic pets and farm animals.



small animal
pet owners of dogs and cats enjoy comprehensive services that include wellness and preventive care for all stages of your pet’s life. on-site supportive services include pet boarding, professional grooming services, and dog training classes for every level of skill and handling.




large animal
owners of large animals, – such as horses, cattle, sheep, and goats, – will enjoy our farm call service by veterinarians trained in large animal veterinary medicine. our expertise includes the care of such specialized animals as llamas and alpacas, for those with more exotic taste.












dental care











emergencies











farm animal care











senior pet care











small animal care











surgery











new clients











boarding











grooming











dog training






browse through the pages of our website to learn more about the comprehensive services that we provide and meet the professional team of buckeystown veterinary hospital. learn how our veterinary skill, diverse experience, compassionate care, and customer service can make the difference in the care of your animals.




the best and most compassionate care for your animals


				“i love this office and i love that they love my dogs. the front desk is always so friendly and welcoming (hey michelle!) and the medical care is excellent. i know my pups are in wonderful hands with this team.”
				
—faith h





new client special!
welcoming new clients with $25 off your pet's first exam! click here for more details.
 
meet the team tour the hospital








july 4th pet safety: tips to ease fireworks anxiety and keep your pets calm




independence day fireworks can be an exciting family event, but they can also cause significant stress and anxiety for many pets. in fact, july 5th is one of the busiest days for animal shelters nationwide due to runaway dogs and cats. make this july 4th safe and stress-free for you and your furry friends by […]










top 5 things to know before getting a small mammal as a pet




guinea pigs, rabbits, ferrets, and other small mammals are becoming increasingly popular as pets. owning a small mammal can be both exciting and rewarding. despite often being considered children’s pets, these animals require diligent care, including proper hygiene and specific dietary needs to stay healthy. the more time you invest in your furry friend, the […]















online pharmacy
pet medical records
schedule an appointment








contact buckeystown veterinary hospital



contact info:

address: 3820 buckeystown pike, buckeystown, md 21717 

hospital phone: (301) 698-9930
                                        texting phone: (301) 835-1231
email: info@buckeystownvet.com 






hospital hours:


monday: 8:00  a.m.–6:00  p.m.


tuesday: 8:00  a.m.–6:00  p.m.


wednesday: 8:00  a.m.–6:00  p.m.


thursday: 8:00  a.m.–6:00  p.m.


friday: 8:00  a.m.–6:00  p.m.


saturday: 8:30  a.m.–1:00  p.m.


sunday: closed







 






 





copyright © 2025 buckeystown veterinary hospital. all rights reserved. veterinary website by beyond indigo pets. | privacy policy


 















