






ground zero center for nonviolent action














































 

  



skip to content




 





			
			donate now		





			
			current leaflet		


 



learn more
take action!
events
posts
current newsletter
contact us
menu



search for:













 
 


ground zero center for nonviolent action 
offers the opportunity to explore the meaning 
and practice of nonviolence from a perspective 
of deep spiritual reflection, providing a means 
for witnessing to and resisting all nuclear weapons, 
especially trident. we seek to go to the root of violence 
and injustice in our world and experience the transforming 
power of love through nonviolent direct action.



			
			learn more		





			
			take action		





 
 















save









 

recent posts 
















				biden’s nuclear going out of business sale			











				russell-einstein manifesto: remember your humanity and forget the rest			











				why war criminals don’t like the icc			











				a new pagoda emerges in the pacific northwest			











				veterans say reclaim armistice day and stop the genocide!!!			











				a model for the horror… a reflection			











				beyond the peace prize: hear the voices of the hibakusha!			











				prison letter from susan crane: “war has no use except to kill people…”			











				trident nuclear weapons update at naval base kitsap-bangor			











				golden rule protests uss nimitz, indian island weapons depot, and trident nuclear sub base			







coretta scott king forged her own legacy (learn more)!



a message of light and hope from all of us to all of you!



order your very own copy of the ground zero comics!



the age-old question: who's next???



nuclear weapons and the legacy of dr. king



bringing in the new year with the january 2025 ground zero newsletter!



honoring the hibakusha: please read toki mizuno's story.



nonviolent direct action at the bangor trident base on august 5th



"columbia the gem of the ocean". this is how they sell the end of the world.



tell congress: we deserve a world free from the threat of nuclear war!



pacific northwest peace pagoda: the dream is becoming reality



 








recent posts

court

email newsletters/statements

events and actions

guest contributors

legal

news releases/statements

special events

technical

uncategorized


contact us
current leaflet
learn more about ground zero center
learn more about nonviolent action
press and media



			
			log in		


 

2021 ground zero center for nonviolent action 
a siteorigin theme



























