






round the clock | northwest indiana dining























































































skip to content



























 
aboutmenu breakfast lunch dinner dessert catering gallerydaily dealslocations schererville highlandgift cardscontact










 
aboutmenu breakfast lunch dinner dessert catering gallerydaily dealsorder onlinelocations schererville highlandgift cardscontact










order online










 













round the clock






northwest indiana's favorite breakfast, lunch, and dinner!









view menu




our locations


 




























order pickup & delivery












join our e-club!


















check out our menus!






whether you’re craving breakfast at 3 pm, or a burger at 2 am, our ovens and grills are always on and ready to whip something up.













breakfast


















lunch


















dinner
























breakfast


















lunch


















dinner





































open 24 hours, seven days a week






we are waiting to serve you right now if you’re ready to enjoy a delicious meal in schererville or highland. what’s more is that we are open 24 hours a day, seven days a week. at round the clock,  we are incredibly proud to provide fresh food, prepared just for you. we take a great deal of care in the food that we prepare, with bakers and chefs working hard each morning to bake pies, make delicious daily soups from scratch and preparing the fresh foods. we’re always open, just around the corner to serve your favorite meal, night or day, whether you’re craving a 3pm breakfast or a 2am burger. our ovens and grills are constantly on to whip up something fantastic. we are only happy when our diners are truly satisfied with the experience that we have delivered.

















about us






our goal of providing an experience that is always just like home has allowed round the clock to become a trusted place for region residents to enjoy a homemade meal at just the right price. with two locations in schererville and highland, round the clock is always open 24 hours a day, seven days a week.







learn more






























proudly serving the region since 1963







learn about our history


































































 




























menu







aboutmenulocationsgallerygift cardscontact








schererville
909 w lincoln hwy,
schererville, in 46375
(219) 322-4940


















eat@roundtheclock.com 














follow us on facebook! 










highland
9010 indianapolis blvd,
highland, in 46322
(219) 923-4546
















privacy policy






cookie policy







©2025 round the clock. all rights reserved. powered by true mtn.







 
scroll to top














