


knoxville bankruptcy attorneys | the law offices of mayer & newton




























		we have moved! we are now located in the onyx pointe building at 8351 e. walker springs lane, suite 100, knoxville, tn 37923.
	
















blog

pay online




start your free consultation

(865) 328-7993





















home



our firm






richard m. mayer

john p. newton

kevin s. newton




bankruptcy






chapter 7

chapter 11

chapter 13

creditor harassment

credit card debt

debt consolidation

debt relief

emergency bankruptcy

foreclosure

civil lawsuits

reaffirmation agreements

lien removal

repossessions

student loans

tax debt

wage garnishments

automatic stay

means test




resources






affiliations

bankruptcy faqs

videos




reviews



contact us





blog

pay online






























debt problems?
						
						we can help.
					

knoxville's largest bankruptcy filer


						free consultation here
						








client reviews


hear it from the people we have helped







							
							
								"i only had the pleasure of working with this office for a couple short years. these were some of the hardest years of my life and they helped tremendously with easing some of my burdens. this office ..."
							
						
kyle gartman




							
							
								"if you have any questions any member is quick to get back to you and ensure you are taken care of. i went in with false pretenses of bankruptcy and they pointed me in the right direction, extremely ..."
							
						




							
							
								"they are very professional and always answered any questions that we had. would recommend this office for any help that you need. thanks again for everything"
							
						
mary neal




							
							
								"very happy client. the attorneys and staff went above and beyond to help me resolve my issues. they were polite, understanding, and passionate about my case. they always had my interests in mind, ..."
							
						
casey




							
							
								"they were able to help us to easily navigate the bankruptcy process, they were kind and knowledgeable, and treated us with dignity through a process that can be extremely distressing. john newton is ..."
							
						
helen carlyle













						more reviews
						














































































knoxville bankruptcy attorneyserving clients throughout all of east tennessee

if you can no longer afford the monthly payments on your bills such as credit card payments, medical bills, loans, etc. please call our office at (865) 328-7993 so we can get you into our office to speak with an attorney at a free appointment to see about filing a chapter 13 or a chapter 7. bankruptcy will stop garnishments, repossessions, and lawsuits.if you can file a chapter 13 bankruptcy, unsecured debts can sometimes be paid less than 100% depending on the circumstances in your case. car loan payments can be reduced and past-due home loan payments can be repaid over time.other benefits of chapter 13 bankruptcy include:you can repay your debts over a longer periodthe court might require you to pay less than what is owedyou can keep your assets as you repay your debtsstops creditor harassmentdelay or avoid home foreclosureprevent repossession of your propertyif you can file a chapter 7 bankruptcy, you can get rid of some or all unsecured debts, can surrender items that are secured such as autos, and avoid liens on pledged household goods and keep the household goods. contact our experienced attorneys today to discuss your situation and devise a custom legal strategy to protect your best interests.other benefits of chapter 7 bankruptcy include:wipe out credit card bills, utility bills, advances on paychecks, and personal signature loansobtain debt relief relatively quickly, sometimes in as little as three monthsyou can keep assets that qualify as “exempt”you won't have to make monthly payments to a trusteeto request your free case consultation with our law firm, give us a call today at (865) 328-7993. 

















our practice areas



					discover the best option for you
				

					if you are behind on your mortgage payments, facing repossession of your vehicle, or want to stop garnishment of your hard-earned wages, then please don't hesitate to reach out to our law firm to speak with a seasoned attorney about how bankruptcy can help you obtain debt relief.
				







tax debt



bankruptcy



student loans



chapter 13



wage garnishments



chapter 7



repossessions



foreclosure



civil lawsuits



creditor harassment



lien removal



emergency bankruptcy



chapter 11





					learn more
					












helping you take control of your financial futurewe strive to meet your specific needs
our firm specializes in consumer bankruptcy, both chapter 7, chapter 13, as well as business chapter 11 cases. richard mayer and john newton have over 60 years of combined experience to support their knowledge of bankruptcy.mayer and newton have filed over 50,000 cases in the eastern district of tennessee. john newton has served as a chapter 7 trustee and has administered 15,000 cases in addition to being the debtor’s counsel on 200 chapter 11 cases for small business reorganization. serving as lead counsel, john newton has had six cases reached or were decided by the 6th circuit court of appeals.both richard mayer and john newton have attended seminars by max gardner, an expert in consumer bankruptcy. mr. newton is a graduate of the max gardner bankruptcy boot camp and mr. mayer a graduate of the foreclosure defense boot camp.an experienced well-trained staff of paralegals, some of which have worked not only in bankruptcy court but in the chapter 13 trustee’s office, brings working knowledge of the process as you move through your case. as members of the knoxville bar association, american bankruptcy institute, and board certified bankruptcy attorneys, our attorneys are among the most knowledgeable in east tennessee.you will be glad you chose the law office of mayer and newton, so call (865) 328-7993 for a free consultation today at one of our three locations in knoxville, morristown, or sevierville.










$0 down for chapter 7

										we charge zero legal fees to retain our firm to represent you in a chapter 7.
									






$0 down for chapter 13

										we charge zero legal fees to start a chapter 13 case.
									






board certified bankruptcy attorneys

										our attorneys are among the most knowledgeable in east tennessee and are board certified bankruptcy attorneys.
									






caring & effective

										we have experienced attorneys and well-trained staff to ensure your case is handled effectively and with care.
									






over 50,000 cases filed

										we have successfully filed over 50,000 cases in the eastern district of tennessee.
									






affordable & flexible

										we offer free consultations and take online payments for your convenience.
									





























bankruptcy is all we do


at the law office of mayer and newton, bankruptcy is all we do. we have the most experienced debtor lawyers in the area. in addition, our staff are frequently complimented on how friendly, genuine and caring we are in regards to our clients’ financial problems. our first priority is to treat every client individually.

meet your legal team














firm blogs


						
						stay updated with the latest news
					











1/14/25
financial new year's resolutions: how bankruptcy options can get you on your feet and help you achieve your goals




helpful information











12/2/24
tips to prevent credit card problems during the holiday shopping season




helpful information








7/15/24
the law offices of mayer & newton lawyers recognized in cityview’s top attorneys list










7/1/24
how to avoid falling into debt while planning your summer vacation




bankruptcy news

















					read more here
				







schedule a free at-home consultation


						for your convenience we offer free consultations over the phone or by video. contact us today.
						
					








first name


			            please enter your first name.
			        




last name


			            please enter your last name.
			        




phone


			            please enter your phone number.
			        

			            this isn't a valid phone number.
			        




email


						please enter your email address.
					

						this isn't a valid email address.
					




are you a new client?


yes, i am a potential new client
no, i'm a current existing client
i'm neither.



						please make a selection.
					




have you ever filed for bankruptcy before?


yes
no



						please make a selection.
					




do you have any specific concerns or questions about filing bankruptcy?


						please enter a message.
					




how can we help you?


						please enter a message.
					





by submitting, you agree to be contacted about your request & other information using automated technology. message frequency varies. msg & data rates may apply. text stop to cancel. acceptable use policy












				send information
			

























(865) 328-7993



























morristown office

										2298 sandstone dr.
										 morristown, tn 37814
									
(423) 581-4334
map & directions [+]



knoxville office

										8351 e. walker springs lane,
											suite 100
										
										 knoxville, tn 37923
									
(865) 328-7993
map & directions [+]



sevierville office

										100 e main st.,
											#301
										
										 sevierville, tn 37862
									
(865) 344-6968
map & directions [+]








								quick links
							




home

our firm

bankruptcy

resources

reviews

blog

pay online

contact us














						the information on this website is for general information purposes only. nothing on this site should be taken as legal advice for any individual case or situation. this information is not intended to create, and receipt or viewing does not constitute, an attorney-client relationship.
					
© 2025 all rights reserved.



site map


privacy policy
























