







moving to denver, co for hiking, backpacking, & great companies!

























































 
 




my colorado





home
about
contact
 

 
 
 
 








my colorado
browse articles that offer moving and packing tips to help you prepare for moving day, discover pro unpacking and home organization advice, or get the scoop on the best hiking trails and backpacking destinations in the area. whatever you need for your denver move, you’ll find it here!
know more

















why you need renter’s insurance when moving into an apartment 
24/10/201811/10/2018 mycolorarenter's insuranceno comment on why you need renter’s insurance when moving into an apartment 


before even thinking about renting an apartment is to make sure you have renters insurance. renters insurance, also called tenant’s insurance, is what protects your valuables from things like theft, damage, or a fire. read this article to learn why you need renters insurance before moving into an apartment.
your personal property is always covered
the main purpose of renters insurance is to make sure your belongings are replaced should they suffer any damage or are stolen. research has shown that the average renter owns approximately 20,000 dollars’ worth of stuff. renters insurance also covers a wide list of other ways your belongings could get damaged.
these factors include:

lightning
explosions
aircraft damage
hail
windstorm
vandalism
falling debris


renters insurance is affordable
according to the naic, the average cost a tenant can pay is $187 a year. however, the actual cost you pay depends on a few factors:
such factors include:

the amount of coverage needed
the type of coverage chosen
the deductible amount
the area in which you live in

as an example, if you live in a state like north dakota, you will pay the least amount which is $117 a year. for those who live in a state mississippi, you’ll be paying the highest amount which is $252 a year.
it may be a requirement
every landlord is different when it comes to renting out apartments. some may want the insurance and others may not, but it’s worth noting that a majority of them do require renters insurance. ultimately, it’s a requirement by your landlord or a requirement by their insurance company. if you’re unsure on where to find the coverage, your landlord will be more than happy to help you out.
renters insurance also has liability coverage
liability coverage provides protection if someone is accidentally injured in your home. this coverage has been the lifesaver of many accidents, and the best part is that it’s included in your policy plan. a lot of policies give you at least $100,000 in coverage with at least $1,000 to $5,000 in medical coverage. should you need it, you can request a higher coverage limit.
traveling never felt so secure
renters insurance will also cover your belongings, regardless if you’re at home or not. if your items are stolen, broken, lost, or damaged while overseas, then renters insurance has you covered. remember to ask your insurance agent for more details.

renters insurance, regardless if you’re required to get it or not, is a huge benefit to have. you never know what can happen in the long run. whether a rebellious tenant may accidentally start a fire or a thief breaks into your home and steals your computer and television, it’s always best to be safe than sorry.











5 things you need to do when moving into your denver apartment 
23/07/201821/06/2018 mycoloradenver apartmentno comment on 5 things you need to do when moving into your denver apartment 


moving into your denver apartment is an exciting time, but there are some things you will have to keep in mind to help make your move go smoothly. think through these tips from cheap movers denver:
1. go over your inspection checklist for your move in
it can be easy to just dive right into unpacking, decorating, and getting settled, but taking some time to go over the checklist can save you money when it’s time to move out. it’s much easier to document and see any issues before your stuff is in the apartment.
make sure to take any pictures so that you have official proof of what the unit looked like when you moved in. this helps ensure that you aren’t given charges when you move out and can get your security deposit back. even take pictures of small scratches, dents, and nicks. you probably won’t need them, but they are always good to have, and you can’t get them once you are settled because you won’t be able to prove they were already there. with the pre-inspection checklist, you can see if anything needs to be fixed and make sure it gets fixed before you move in.

2. set up or transfer utilities
if you already have utilities set up in denver, you should be able to transfer them to your new address. depending on your rental unit, you will need to determine which utilities to set up. your property manager will have the names and numbers of which utilities to call. check to see which ones are already covered in your rent. many properties will have utilities turned on, but they need to be transferred to your name.
in this case, just because something is working doesn’t mean you set it up. sometimes previous tenants forget to cancel, which means you could have your service shut off until you open the new account.
3. change your address
make sure to change your address with the u.s. postal service to have all your mail forwarded to you. you can do this online or in person, and it will allow for your mail to be forwarded to your new address for 60 days. this is temporary, and mail will eventually stop forwarding, so you need to make sure you update specific companies with your new address.
this includes the obvious, like insurance companies and banking institutions, but also places of employment for tax documents, school databases, and favorite shopping sites.
4. meet your neighbors
even in an apartment, it’s a good idea to meet your neighbors. they can be good allies for you if your landlord is refusing to fix a problem or make the experience of living in small spaces more pleasant. you will have a better sense of community, and your neighbors may appreciate the kind gesture.

5. create a move-in plan
if you are hiring movers, then make sure you request quotes from moving companies and hire them in advance. then design your space layout so that you have a plan when the movers bring in the heavy items. this will allow you to start organizing your space and envision your life in your new home.











8 essential tips for planning your small load cross country move to denver 
10/04/201830/04/2020 mycoloramoving to denverno comment on 8 essential tips for planning your small load cross country move to denver 


planning a cross-country move can be stressful. but if you’re prepared, you can make the process much more manageable. here are eight essential tips for planning your cross-country move to denver:
1. keep a master list
being organized is key to a smooth move. whether you’re using a moving company or doing it yourself, having an inventory will ensure that you know where your items have been packed. in the unfortunate event that something gets lost, you’ll be able to know what’s missing. a master list can also help you get unpacked when you finally arrive in denver.
2. compare your options
moving costs can vary widely. on the surface, one company can appear much more expensive than another. but make sure you’re comparing apples to apples. some moving companies may provide supplies like reusable boxes and unpacking services. others may require you to provide your moving supplies or charge an hourly fee for loading and unloading. if you choose to do it yourself, budget extra time and money for unforeseeable expenses.
3. consider what’s worth saving
a cross-country move is expensive. unless you’re simply packing a suitcase and getting on a plane, uprooting all of your household goods and furniture is a huge task. some people choose to bring only things like clothes, heirlooms, and kitchen supplies. others bring all their furniture and knickknacks. it’s important to consider what your new space is like and what makes sense to bring to denver. if your bedroom furniture is not especially expensive, it may make more sense to buy a new set when you arrive than pay moving expenses for something that may be worth less than the cost of transport.
4. map out your trip
whether you’re driving the moving truck or meeting it in denver, you’ll want to spend time mapping out your move. know when you’re leaving and when you’ll arrive in your new city. if you’re using a moving company, ask when to expect the truck to arrive.
5. know your options if something goes wrong
no one wants their moving van to get lost or have items damaged, but the best time to ask about what to do if things go wrong is before an issue occurs. if possible, add extra insurance for things that are very important.
6. don’t forget the details
it’s easy to see a move as a big picture project. but the little details, like taking time to have a good breakfast and remembering any medications, are very important during this stressful time. consider adding daily details to your master list.
7. set realistic expectations
don’t expect to be unpacked and settled into your new home immediately. even if your moving company puts all the furniture in your new place correctly, you’ll need to spend time unpacking all of your other things. you may find that you have different needs in your new space, and you’ll need to adjust accordingly.
8. work with small moving experts
great guys moving is the leader when it comes to making a small move to colorado. not all moving companies are equipped to handle a small studio or one-bedroom cross country move, but it is worth finding movers that are willing to do these types of moves. also worth checking out is their moving to colorado guide… it’s pretty extensive!











best real estate companies in denver, co – our top six 
30/03/201822/03/2018 mycolorareal estate companiesno comment on best real estate companies in denver, co – our top six 


whatever you’re looking for and whatever your lifestyle, you’re likely to find it living in denver, colorado. if you’ve been thinking about making a move, whether you’re a sports fanatic, outdoorsman, or a city slicker with a penchant for good food and wine, colorado is the place to be. here…











which denver neighborhood is right for me? find where to live 
22/03/2018 mycoloradenver neighborhoodno comment on which denver neighborhood is right for me? find where to live 


if you are thinking of moving to denver, there are some great neighborhoods to choose from. what people are looking for in a great neighborhood, however, is very different. some people want to live in a more modern neighborhood with modern homes, while others prefer more historic or eclectic neighborhoods.…











what to know before moving to denver, colorado 
19/02/201821/06/2018 mycoloracoloradono comment on what to know before moving to denver, colorado 


denver, colorado is a very popular area nowadays, and it’s easy to see why! whether you’re a foodie, a nature lover, or a sports lover, denver has something for everybody. if you’re considering moving to denver, colorado, here are some things to know. the real estate market is growing denver…







search


search for:


search

  recent posts 

why you need renter’s insurance when moving into an apartment


5 things you need to do when moving into your denver apartment


8 essential tips for planning your small load cross country move to denver


best real estate companies in denver, co – our top six


which denver neighborhood is right for me? find where to live


advertisement 





follow us






 





 





 





 





 










	    													copyright © 2025. my colorado. all rights reserved. privacy policy




 
















