











biomolecular chemistry – a century of research excellence: 1921-2021 – uw–madison




































skip to main content

university of wisconsin–madison






uw crest









biomolecular chemistry

a century of research excellence: 1921-2021




search






menu
open menu


close





about us
expand


collapse



department
history


our research themes
expand


collapse



chromosome biology and gene expression
cell biology and metabolism
membrane biology and cell signaling
developmental biology
structural biology
computational and systems biology


people
expand


collapse



faculty
research staff
postdoc trainees
graduate students
undergraduate students
administration


trainee/student resources
expand


collapse



graduate program
undergraduate research/directed study
postdoctoral training
courses


news
giving
 



bmc intranet
 





biochemical sciences building



 drosophila wing discs stained for dna (blue), transgenic protein expression (green) and modified histones (red).  



direct rna-seq data from 3 pores of an oxford nanopore run of yeast rna



mitos microtubules golgi



cryoem structure of the pria/prib replication restart primosome






 




the mission of the department of biomolecular chemistry is to carry out world class research that addresses molecular mechanisms of biological processes, particularly as it relates to human disease, and to disseminate that knowledge through teaching and training of future scientists, physicians, and health science professionals. the advancement and transmission of knowledge is part of the broader mission of the school of medicine and public health (smph) and the university. additionally, bmc faculty members provide service and expert advice to the smph and other units of the university, and the state, nation, and world. in its research, teaching, service, and outreach efforts alike, bmc is committed to building a community that is open to and accepting of all.

 
 
 
 


our research themes







            chromosome biology and gene  expression
more

 



            cell biology and  metabolism
more

 



            membrane biology and cell  signaling
more

 



            developmental  biology
more

 



            structural  biology
more

 



            computational and systems  biology
more

 





for the past century, the department of biomolecular chemistry (bmc) has excelled in research, teaching and service as a proud member of the school of medicine and public health. our research is at the forefront of biochemical research, integrating fundamental molecular mechanisms with human disease. our key strengths in biochemistry, cell biology, genomics, and development make us a nexus for collaborative studies between basic scientists and clinicians. we cultivate a highly interdisciplinary environment and are committed to building a community open to and accepting of all. take a look around for our latest news and events and to learn more about bmc’s research, graduate program (integrated program in biochemistry), and planned giving opportunities.

 
 
 
 


newstenure-track assistant professor position availablethe department of biomolecular chemistry, within the school of medicine and public health, is seeking applications for a tenure-track assistant professor position. for more details about the role and application process, please click the link. …joshua coon awarded donald f. hunt distinguished contribution in proteomics awarddr. joshua coon is widely regarded as one of the most talented and productive mass spectrometrists currently practicing today. his innovative work in instrumentation development has had a profound impact on the field, as evidenced …second jim and katie krause metabolism seminarthe department of biomolecular chemistry was delighted to host to dr. kathryn wellen , university of pennsylvania, (https://www.med.upenn.edu/wellenlab/) for the second jim and katie krause metabolism seminar on october 28th 2024. this seminar is funded …see more news 
more

 

eventsfebruaryfebruary 24biochemistry colloquium - shiv grewal - seminar cancelledunveiling the mechanisms of heterochromatic gene silencing and epigenetic inheritance3:00 pm, 1211 deluca biochemical sciences buildingfebruary 25rna maxigroup lecture: samuel gellmanwhat forces underlie liquid-liquid phase separation mediated by biopolymers? 5:30 pm, 2131 deluca biochemistry buildingmarchmarch 3biochemistry colloquium - brian smithtargeting epigenetic readers: novel approaches to manage inflammation, diabetes, and cancer3:00 pm, 1211 deluca biochemical sciences buildingmarch 6biotechnology training program winter banquet 2025keynote speaker: william karpus, dean of the uw-madison graduate school5:00 pm, varsity hall ii, union southmarch 10biochemistry colloquium - scott rothbartubiquitin signaling in heterochromatin regulation and cancer3:00 pm, 1211 deluca biochemical sciences buildingmarch 24biochemistry colloquium - gary whittaker3:00 pm, 1211 deluca biochemical sciences buildingmore events 
more

 
 
 
 



 



site footer content




university logo that links to main university website













































part of the universities of wisconsin


contact usdepartment of biomolecular chemistry
420 henry mall, room 1135
madison, wi 53706
email: bmolchem@wisc.edu

x twitter


linkedin

 

website feedback, questions or accessibility issues: bmolchem@wisc.edu | learn more about accessibility at uw–madison.
this site was built using the uw theme | privacy notice | © 2025 board of regents of the university of wisconsin system.













