





jean kilbourne – pioneering activist, speaker & writer































 









 skip to primary navigation skip to main contentjean kilbournepioneering activist, speaker & writerhome
about jean

bio
honors & awards
testimonials


content

written works
films
lectures


press

written & audio
film & tv interviews


resources
contact






 


jean in the national women’s hall of fame

jean was inducted in 2015 into the national women’s hall of fame.


                more info



 

 


the veteran feminists  of america histories project

jean interviewed by her daughter, claudia kilbourne lux, april 2022 for the veteran feminists of america.


                watch the interview



 

 


a panel discussion on the impact of jean’s work

jean kilbourne appeared at smith college on september 19, 2019 for a celebration of the 40th anniversary of killing us softly, her pioneering documentary film series about media representations of women.


                watch the film



 

 


jean at tedx

jean delivered “the naked truth: advertising’s image of women” at tedx lafayette college


                watch now



 

 


jean’s story on makers

jean talks about her path on makers, the largest video collection of women’s stories


                watch now



 



previous



next






media images affect all of us.
jean kilbourne is internationally recognized for her groundbreaking work on the image of women in advertising and for her critical studies of alcohol and tobacco advertising. in the late 1960s she began her exploration of the connection between advertising and several public health issues, including violence against women, eating disorders, and addiction, and launched a movement to promote media literacy as a way to prevent these problems. a radical and original idea at the time, this approach is now mainstream and an integral part of most prevention programs. 
read more



action is the antidote to despair.









praise for jean's work



 

brené brown
 author, researcher, speaker
“i have found incredible insight and wisdom in the work of jean kilbourne. she has changed the way i see the world and myself.”






 

susan faludi
author, backlash
“jean kilbourne’s work is pioneering and crucial to the dialogue of one of the most underexplored, yet most powerful, realms of american culture – advertising. we owe her a great debt.”






 

harvard business school
boston, ma
“the importance of your research has not been lost on the harvard business school students as was evidenced by the remarkable turnout…the entire presentation will stand out as a highlight of our education here.”






 

maya angelou
author, i know why the caged bird sings
“i have enjoyed seeing and hearing jean kilbourne wrestle with the issues that beset us all. her intelligent probing and the deductions she has made are of use to all her listeners and readers.”






 

jaclyn friedman
writer, speaker, activist
“jean kilbourne inspired my ‘click’ moment when she came to my campus to give a talk. i always say that if feminism were vampirism, jean would be my lestat.”






 

adweek
charles jackson, adweek editorial
“after listening to jean kilbourne, i would never doubt her intellectual honesty. while she bills herself as a critic of advertising, she is more akin to a prophet calling out in the wilderness for fundamental change in the way we communicate publicly with one another.”






 

aftra
american federation of television and radio artists, new york, ny
“no one in the world has done more to improve the image of women in advertising than jean kilbourne.”






 

arlie hochschild
author, strangers in their own land: anger and mourning on the american right
“jean kilbourne’s work is profoundly important. she’s one of those people who makes a difference in how we see the world.”





view more testimonials


download hi-res headshot
download headshot for web

 
 












facebooklinkedin
 


						© 2025 jean kilbourne | design collaboration by julia barry productions and sara corenzwit using a customized monochrome pro theme.
					


























