 

wiping rags, cotton rags, cloth wipers, cloth rags, cotton wipers, paper wipers, oil absorbents, bathroom products





















james mann and associates
manufacturer's representatives since 1977 














toll free telephone: 877-747- 3854 

bookmark me now!




search our site: 

      
	       




              home l 
cloth rags & wipers l 
wiping rags specials l 
paper wipers l
absorbents l 
gloves l
personal care 



             paper dispensers l 
janitorial supplies l 
weekly specials l 
request information l 
email us l 
site map l 
 













specials for this week
new gray or white t-shirt cotton rags

new mill ends cut to wiping 
	rags size. call for special pricing. details



james mann and associates is a manufacturer and national distributor of industrial paper and cloth wipers and wiping rags. at the request of our valued customers, we have, over the years, added additional compatible product lines. 
 
	these product lines include bathroom paper and dispensers, spill management products, such as, socks, pads, booms and pillows. most recently we have added gloves and janitorial supplies for the work place to provide a huge selection to choose from.
 
	after more than twenty years, we still continue to provide our customers, whether it be with a case of industrial wiping rags or thousands of specialized absorbent pads for a global printer manufacturer, with the very best products at the very best prices with the very best service. and we will do the same for you! 
 
	our customers prefer our friendly personalized service and solutions to their problems. since we deal with commodities, whose prices vary with quantity and quality, please contact us toll free at 877-747-3854, so we can get to know you and help provide solutions for your problems.
the following products are just a partial listing of the thousands of items that we supply our customers everyday.



all white knit rags 
new bath and hand towels
sontara® low lint wipers

bathroom tissue
new white t-shirt rags 
spill kits

bathroom towels & dispensers
nitrile gloves
sweatshirt fleece rags 

cheesecloth
scrim paper paper
tack cloth

emergency spill kits
medical gloves
vinyl gloves

flannel cotton rags 
paper wipers
welding gloves

fort james paper wipers
polo colored t-shirt rags 
white and colored sheeting rags 

georgia pacific paper
recycled turkish towel rags
white t-shirt rags 

kimberly clark paper wipers
socks, pads & booms
wypall wipers
go to the wiping rags specials to see our over stock and special order items.
toll free telephone: 877-747-3854       international telephone: 414-698-1573
james mann and associates © 1995, 2000, 2001, 2004, 2005, 2007, 2016

