




thoroughbred school breeding and training racehorses
















 
















breeding thoroughbred racehorses | training thoroughbred racehorses | riding thoroughbred racehorses | farrier | picture gallery | stablehand | classroom


thoroughbred school breeding and training racehorses
































breeding and training operations
 
horse breeders and trainers routinely sell horses to individual buyers. in fact, doing so is usually a larger part of our business.




























breeders typically deal in purebred horses and sell very young stock. the weanlings and yearlings most often available from breeders aren't suitable for a first time horse owner because they're so young. however, a breeder does occasionally offer an older horse for sale, possibly a retired show horse or a broodmare who has been trained for riding.






















trainers are often a good source of older, trained horses -- the kind you should be looking for. the horse for sale may be one who the trainer purchased with only basic training and then schooled to a higher level. or the horse may belong to a trainer's client; the client has outgrown the horse and the trainer has taken on the task of selling him. sometimes, a trainer is looking to sell off a lesson horse to a private owner. when healthy and sound (free from lameness ), former lesson horse can make good mounts for beginning riders and you should consider them when you shop.if buyer have been taking lessons from our trainer and intend to keep working with this buyer after buyer have his own horse, consider buying a horse directly from that trainer. the trainer buyer have been working with knows his skill level and personality, and may have a horse for sale who is perfectly suited to buyer.




































as with anything else that you buy, the seller's reputation is very important especially when dealing with breeders and trainers. if you don't know the breeder or trainer, ask for referrals, or inquire about them from other horse people in the area. make sure that the business or the individual has a good reputation before you get involved in any business dealings.










