






grand national & world championship morgan horse show | a tradition of excellence


































 




















home
support the show

sponsorship
corporate sponsors
commercial exhibitors


show information

latest news
qualifying
schedule & forms
judges
mgn live
patterns
results
daily updates


travel

airline
hotels


contact us
media resources
shop
 





select page


  
 
 










a new beginning



grand national &

world championship

morgan horse show®







get the latest news



tell us what you think





october 4-11, 2025
state fair parkoklahoma city, oklahoma
prize lists will be available online in may, in the june issue of the morgan horse, at regional shows throughout the year or by contacting peggy hatfield.
competition begins saturday, october 4 with three shows daily through saturday, october 11. show times are 9:00 a.m., 1:00 p.m. and 7:00 p.m. (wednesday-saturday evenings begin at 6:30 p.m.)
 
 



the amha and the morgan horse foundation (mhf) cooperate in the annual production of the grand national & world championship morgan horse show®. this allows a portion of the sponsorships to be used as a charitable donation providing scholarships, educational opportunities, public awareness, youth activities as well as a forum to exhibit morgan horses. 
the grand national & world championship morgan horse show® is governed by an mhf sub-committee tasked with organizing the show annually. mhf licenses the marks owned by amha and works with amha to fulfill and/or share sponsorships, host amha youth of the year contest and associated activities. 
for more information, check out the breed’s website at www.morganhorse.com.






experience the thrill of online gaming at fair go casino, the premier destination for australian players. whether you're a fan of slots or table games, there's something for everyone here. plus, you can kick off your gaming journey with a no deposit bonus, allowing you to start playing right away. fair-go casino offers a secure and seamless platform, ensuring a top-notch gaming experience. don’t miss out—sign up now and take advantage of exclusive promotions and endless opportunities to win big!
















future show dates:october 4-11, 2025october 10-17, 2026october 9-16, 2027







special thanks to our corporate sponsors





















































learn more about our sponsors








the grand national & world championship morgan horse show® is an extraordinary partnership between so many great horse-loving enthusiasts.  state fair park in oklahoma city is one of those great partners and produced this video to show the world what teamwork can do. 
take a peek at what life is like at the “horse show capital of the world.” 





















 









exhibitors

downloads

latest news

where to stay



contribute

sponsorship & advertising

corporate sponsorships

commercial exhibitors



about

contact

live feed

qualifying



followfollowfollow

get all the news!




success!



first name



last name



email





subscribe














copyright @ grand national & world championship morgan horse show®website designed and maintained by kmcforms, etc. – graphics by cal iii , sitemap



 



















