










your path to wellness – eden for health







































































 











skip to content

























request an appointment

























 
home
about

appointments
conditions we treat
staff


services

detoxification

infrared sauna
colon hydrotherapy
constitutional hydrotherapy


intravenous nutrient therapy
nutrition
alternative pain therapies
cancer therapies
ozone therapy
functional endocrinology and bio-identical hormones
breast and body thermography
alternative pediatrics
adjunctive cancer care


products

specialty products


patients
consultations
contact us

patient testimonials


services in your area

naturopathic medicine

east palo alto
los altos
los altos hills
menlo park
mountain view
palo alto
stanford
sunnyvale


holistic medicine

east palo alto
los altos
los altos hills
menlo park
mountain view
palo alto
stanford
sunnyvale


cancer care

east palo alto
los altos
los altos hills
menlo park
mountain view
palo alto
stanford
sunnyvale


alternative cancer care

east palo alto
los altos
los altos hills
menlo park
mountain view
palo alto
stanford
sunnyvale




sign up for our newsletter
 








 













african female doctor holding hand supporting cauc 2021 09 02 07 15 21 utc scaled 1
hero sec 1
hero sec 2



 







preventive and integrated
approaches to health andwellness.











pacific naturopathic
pacific naturopathic is a holistic medical practice on the san francisco peninsula. we’ve been integrating conventional medicine with evidence-based natural medicine since 1993.
we offer a unique and transformational patient experience. from the moment you walk in the door, you’re part of our extended family. relax, have a cup of tea, and know you’re in good hands.





















general
 consultations












learn more












adjunctive
cancer care












learn more












intravenous
 therapy












learn more














telemedicine
consultation












learn more












functional
endocrinology












learn more












breast
thermography












learn more













contact us today





















get america healthy
join our community!
more than 1500 members





join now

































dispensaries




















































resources






































newsletter 

reminder: cancer update #2: news and therapies
cancer update: news and therapies
choices
reminder: root cause
reminder: thoughts running through our minds...




more


 
 


























 









 
















 

















be focused.
be determined.











 do we accept insurance?


no, but we accept health saving accounts (hsa) and flex spending accounts (fsa) accounts. insurance may be used for conventional lab tests.




 are we accepting new patients?


yes




 how do we charge?


appointments are charged by the hour. 




 do you see children?


we now see children of all ages.




 how much do you charge?


$350 for initial visits which are up to 2 hours, follow-up visits are $145 for 45 minutes. pricing goes by the hour and $175 is the hourly rate.




 what do we do during the first/initial visit?


the first visit was a fact-finding mission trying to determine the root cause of the problem. the follow-up visit is where recommendations and plans for healing are discussed, along with labs and physical if necessary. see link below for costs of appointments.




 is payment required upfront for visits?


no, but putting a card on file is necessary to make an appointment. the card on file is not charged as long as payment is made on the day of the visit, if changes to the day and time of appointment are made within 24 hours prior to the visit in order to not get charged for that time slot.




 what is your cancellation policy?


see link below for cancellation and financial policy.
cancelation and financials




 what is telemedicine?


telemedicine is a method used to communicate remotely by a secured video/audio software on the computer, tablet or phone.
for more information 




 do you offer telemedicine? 


we offer telemedicine for all appointments, except for therapies that your presence is required in person.




 do you offer free consultations?


yes, we offer a free initial 15 minute consultation before your initial visit to see if you and the doctor are a good fit. feel free to call the office to set up an appointment. 




 what is your wellness plan?


we have a wellness plan that offers you the ability to pay overtime for your visits. you get 6 hours of facetime with your doctors over the course of a year, $188 down and $62 a month for 11 months. you can stop the program at any time as long as you pay upfront for the hours used. the plan is not automatically renewed. it is renewed at the patient's request. the plan does not include labs, therapies or other services performed by other practitioners not outlined in the wellness program.




 where are you located? 


we have multiple locations. the main office is located at: 
3015 north ocean blvd, ste 126
fort lauderdale, fl 33308
we have 3 locations listed on the website, fl, ga, sc.













 what services does pacificnaturopathic.com offer? 


we offer all the common one on one visit time and therapies of your local naturopathic doctor plus the following services and much more:

cancer care
iv therapy
iv ozone therapy (o3/uv)
clinical nutrition
detoxification / cleansing clinically
weight loss / weight gain clinical level
botanical medicine
traditional chinese medicine
hydrotherapy
lifestyle coaching
hyperbaric oxygen
chelation
thermography
hormone balancing
and more!





 how can i schedule an appointment with a naturopathic doctor through pacificnaturopathic.com?



go to appointment page to schedule an appointment online with dr. cox or
call (650)-961-1660 to set up an appointment for any of our doctors or other practitioners.





 are the naturopathic doctors at pacificnaturopathic.com licensed and experienced?


all our practitioners are licensed in the state of california.




 what conditions or health concerns can be treated through naturopathic medicine at pacificnaturopathic.com?


all conditions can normally be treated at pacific naturopathic except for emergency and urgent cases that need immediate care. we suggest you call 911 for emergencies or urgent issues before calling our office. once the urgency is over, feel free to give us a call.




 are the treatments offered at pacificnaturopathic.com covered by insurance?


coverage for alternative medicine varies among insurance plans. some may cover certain therapies like acupuncture or chiropractic care, while others may not. you will need to pay for your visit or therapies at the time of you visit at which time you may ask for a superbill from our office that you can use to submit to your insurance company for reimbursement. however, we do take hsa (health saving accounts) or fsa (flexible spending accounts) cards to pay for your visits.




 how long does a typical appointment with a naturopathic doctor at pacificnaturopathic.com last?


new patients can have the benefit of being in front of their doctor for up to 90 minutes to get to the root cause. follow-up visits generally last from 15 -60 minutes depending on the patient’s needs. particular therapies length depends on the practitioner’s time needed.




 can i access telehealth services through pacificnaturopathic.com? 


yes! you have access to your patient portal once you become a patient. your patient portal will give you access to tele-medicine video visit.




 are there any patient testimonials or reviews available on pacificnaturopathic.com?


yes, with over 30 years of experience and good service our testimonial on your website speaks volumes.




 what sets pacificnaturopathic.com apart from other naturopathic clinics?



we are the first and oldest existing naturopathic practice in the bay area in california.
with unique services offered all in one location.
with many naturopathic doctors and other practitioners.
we have doctor(s) that have unique focuses in areas like alternative cancer care, atenative pediatrics, hormone therapies detox and ozone therapies.





 how can i contact pacificnaturopathic.com for more information or to address any concerns?


fee free to call out office for more information or to make an appointment at (650)-961-1660




































(650) 961-1660











home
education handouts
stop cancer
faq
cancelation and financials
 








drop an email: info@pacificnaturopathic.com
































© 2025 pacific naturophatic | all rights reserved









 

scroll to top 
























skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset








