









thurrock council






































skip to main content









thurrock.gov.uk





















  thurrock.gov.uk uses cookies to make the site simpler. find out more about cookies
 





thurrock council















    essex councils accepted onto devolution priority programme    







    thurrock cares: supporting you with the cost of living     







    our corporate plan 2024-2029 was agreed by council on 24 july 2024.    













 



my area


go




 

my account
 



apply for it
pay for it
report it
have my say

 







 adult care and health  business and licensing  children and families  community and living  council and democracy 



 education and learning  environment and safety  housing  jobs and careers  leisure and culture 



 money, tax and benefits  planning and growth  travel and transport  waste and recycling 







 adult care and health  business and licensing  children and families  community and living  council and democracy  education and learning  environment and safety 



 housing  jobs and careers  leisure and culture  money, tax and benefits  planning and growth  travel and transport  waste and recycling 








      intervention and improvement    

we're making major changes to improve the way we are managed, to achieve financial stability, and to make the council fit for the future.
in september 2022, we were put into intervention by the government. since then, work has been underway to make the council better and more efficient.
go to our improvement pages.





      sign up for email news    

sign up for our regular emails to get the latest news and events. find out what's new, what's on, how you can get involved and how to have your say. don't miss a thing!
you can sign up for all our news or just the subjects that interest you, like business, housing or travel.
go to thurrock council email updates.














adult care and health 
business and licensing 
children and families 
community and living 
council and democracy 
education and learning 
environment and safety 
housing 
jobs and careers 
leisure and culture 
money, tax and benefits 
planning and growth 
travel and transport 
waste and recycling 

 





my account
apply for it
pay for it
report it
have my say
news
what's on

 







support
accessibility
terms
privacy
cookies
complaints
contact us

 






















