







composer, musicologist, aesthetic realism associate





































































 

 skip to primary navigation skip to main content 







edward green 



composer, musicologist, aesthetic realism associate 





menu

 


home
about

welcome
bio


composer

compositions

selected compositions
compositions inspired by world music
choral music


articles about edward green’s music

edward green’s symphony for guitars and flutes
“choral works by edward green”




scholar

publications
aesthetic realism and music: technique and beauty

rhythm contradicts contempt: aesthetic realism and the rite of spring
greatness in music and chopin’s waltz in ab, op. 69
aesthetic realism: a new foundation  for interdisciplinary musicology
sincerity in music: sergei prokofiev’s classical symphony
music and the victorian mind: the musical aesthetics of the rev. h. r. haweis
the technique of chromatic completion in haydn’s late masses
harmony and the oneness of opposites
music from china and the universal criterion for beauty


the lives and work of great musicians

how much should a man care for besides himself? on glenn gould, men and myself
“aesthetic realism explains the beauty of jazz and of duke ellington: a talk by edward green”
berlioz and the power men & women want most
what does it mean to be a real friend?
why are men & women troubled about ambition and importance?
what will have a man really sure of himself?


music, literature & life

is good will our greatest power?, aesthetic realism and samuel richardson’s ‘clarissa’
the mind of adolf hitler: a study in the unconscious appeal of contempt
contempt: the cause of insanity—eli siegel’s discovery & two african short stories
how can a man have true integrity?


conference papers
















read…
…a welcome statement by the composer.


listen…
…to edward green’s trumpet concerto in c, recorded by paul neebe on albany records.

https://edgreenmusic.org/wp-content/uploads/2018/09/trumpet-concerto-1.mp3
support…
…ed green as a composer, through tax-deductible contributions to the field
study…
…in private lessons.
…in the opposites in music class.

to listen to other samples of edward green’s music, choose “composer” from the menu above.

read faculty bio: manhattan school of music
read faculty bio: aesthetic realism foundation
read a short biography of eli siegel, founder of aesthetic realism, written by edward green




what others are saying:




 
slide joanne“i have performed, recorded, and premiered works by ed green—chamber music, as well as a piano concerto—and the pieces are brilliantly conceived, and welcoming to the soul.  i believe firmly that ed's music will last for centuries to come, and we are fortunate to call ed among our greatest composers today.”
—joanne polk
exclusive steinway artist
piano faculty, manhattan school of music
slide 2“ed green has a wonderfully distinctive compositional voice. his music has a beauty and truth which will endure.”
—prof. benjamin verdery
yale school of music
slide 1“edward green is one of the outstanding composers of our time. his music is gorgeously melodic, and also dramatic.”
—dr. françois d’albert
former president,
chicago conservatory college
slide 3“i do not know of anyone working today who has accomplished more in the revitalization of tonal melody—pure, clear, inventive, heart-felt melody.”
—prof. dale underwood
frost school of music
university of miami
slide 4“ed green writes luxuriously, sensuously beautiful and accessible music. he is a composer of real merit.”
—markand thakar,
peabody conservatory
music director, baltimore chamber orchestra
slide 5“there are only a handful of composers—a precious few—worldwide who have the expressive power, the creative artistry, to move and excite audiences on a consistent basis...
slide 5...and yet at the same time who write with such depth and integrity and sheer beauty that they earn the highest esteem of their professional colleagues. edward green is among them. in my opinion, high among them.”

—misha rachlevsky
conductor, chamber orchestra kremlin
 




read a profile of the composer on new york university’s alumni pages.



watch…
…a performance of edward green’s concerto for saxophone and strings, performed by robert young at the 2018 zagreb world saxophone congress.





listen…
…to the performance of edward green’s piano concertino by ensamble rosario (argentina)





see…
…the award-winning public service film what does a person deserve? by ken kimmelman, with music by edward green.





just posted: 
concertino for piano and string orchestra (2022)
midi realization
https://edgreenmusic.org/wp-content/uploads/2022/08/concertino_for_piano_and_string_orchestra_by_edward_green.mp3
view/download score
symphony in one movement (2021)
midi realization
https://edgreenmusic.org/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/symphony_in_one_movement_by_edward_green.mp3
view/download score
overture in g (rev. 2022)
midi realization
https://edgreenmusic.org/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/overture_in_g-by_edward_green.mp3
view/download score
recently published:

an open letter about the meaning and value of the aesthetic realism education.
in irasm: “aesthetic realism and the joyous artistry of the beatles.”
in iconi: “a composer looks at music, ethics, and aesthetics: an interview with edward green”
on allaboutjazz.com: interview by douglas groothuis  “edward green: delighting in the duke”



scholarly publications:

donald francis tovey
ethnomusicology—or, “meeting the new”
harmony and the oneness of opposites: teaching music theory through aesthetic realism
sergei prokofiev’s classical symphony
the mind of adolph hitler: a study in the unconscious appeal of contempt
duke ellington’s “harlem air shaft”: a true programmatic composition?
aesthetic realism and mahler’s sixth
biography as ethics: felix mendelssohn
rousseau, burney, hawkins
franz josef haydn
greatness in music: frédéric chopin
arnold schönberg
bach and chromatic completion
rhythm combats contempt: aesthetic realism and the rite of spring



new publications
aesthetic realism and the art of the flute: an interview with barbara allen in conversation with edward green, phd, published by the hellenic journal of music, education, and culture
aesthetic realism and the joyous artistry of the beatles, published in irasm
john lennon and the battle in every mind between contempt and respect, published by music scholarship (russia)
10 questions with edward green, published by the mozart circle
the cambridge companion to duke ellington, available from amazon.com.
world premiere recording, in praise of vivid existence—a short suite for solo piano, performed by simone jennarelli. available at cdbaby.com


selected concerts & events
january 19, 2025 in praise of vivid existence – suite for piano — part of a solo recital by max lifschitz at klavierhaus, new york, ny
nov. 30, 2024 song for guitar — performed by ensamble rosario, with choreography.  rosario, argentina.
august 31, 2024 music for shakespeare (orchestral suite)—in an arrangement by les hicken—the heidelberg wind ensemble, melbourne, australia, conducted by stephen carpenter.
february 29, 2024 “the joyful artistry of the beatles”–a lecture at pepsico recital hall, texas christian university, fort worth.
february 27, 2024  a masterclass-lecture on my music, including student performances of several works, at van cliburn concert hall, texas christian university, fort worth.
february 21, 2024 “a composer inspired by aesthetic realism”—a zoom talk at the escuela superior de música y danza de monterrey, mexico.
december 12, 2023 symphony in c. la orquesta sinfónica del congreso nacional del paraguay. conducted by diego sanchez haase.
november 25, 2023 three short pieces for solo guitar. performed by augustin lasalle, at “the 43rd symposium of contemporary music” of el ensamble rosario, rosario, argentina.
september 14, 2023 concertino for alto saxophone and chamber winds. soloist, niels bijl, accompanied by players from the heidelberg wind ensemble, conducted by stephen carpenter. performed at the savage club, melbourne, australia.
august 29, 2023 overture in g. scotch college orchestra, melbourne, australia. conducted by john ferguson.
august 26, 2023 symphony in eb. heidelberg wind ensemble, melbourne, australia.conducted by stephen carpenter
august 25 & 29, 2023 monash university, melbourne, australia. series of three lectures on music and aesthetic realism.
may 21, 2023 concertino for alto saxophone and chamber winds. soloist, niels bijl. heidelberg wind ensemble, melbourne, australia. conducted by stephen carpenter.
april 14, 2023 overture in g. national symphony orchestra of ecuador (quito). conducted by david handel.
april 12, 2022  the orchestral suite “music for shakespeare” is featured by la orquesta sinfónica del congreso nacional del paraguay on their 10th anniversary concert, held in asunción.
february 29, 2020: concertino for alto saxophone and chamber winds. premiered by the rutgers wind ensemble, conducted by kraig williams.
november 10, 2018: delivering a keynote talk, “lovely ritmos, meter mad,” at the monmouth university conference on the beatles.
september 6, 2018: concerto for alto saxophone and strings. performed by the panama symphony orchestra, conducted by ricardo risco with paul cohen as soloist.
may – june, 2018: fulbright foundation sponsored residency in asunción, paraguay: lecture series on music and aesthetic realism


other news
ensamble rosario (argentina) posts their 2007 performance of edward green’s piano concertino on youtube.
symphony in c awarded the first international symphonic composition prize (2017) of the orquesta sinfónica del congreso nacional del paraguay. the prize includes publication of the symphony.
announcement by the museum of the city of new york of “ellington and new york city”
a spanish language press release from the u.s. embassy about dr. green’s activities in argentina under the sponsorship of the fulbright foundation

 






faculty, aesthetic realism foundation***professor emeritus, manhattan school of music 








copyright © 2025 edward green




















 

























