









haymaker golf course | steamboat springs, co - home















































 








 home      (970) 870-1846


 tee times      indoor golf simulator

 







 



golfcourse
tee timescourse info & photosseason passesrates & punch cards online store"the fringe" golf simulatoraudubon distinctioncourse policiesevents& clubhouse
corporate & charity outingstournament scheduleleagues club calendarthe patio grillgolfacademy
golf instructionadult clinicsjunior golfjunior tournamentscontactspecials
 turf talkemail specialsemployment opportunitiescontact & directions 
















 
slide 1book your time for the fringe simulator now!click heremembershipseason pass membershipsspectacular rates & privileges!learn moreoutingsgreat golf outingsour professionals take care of all the detailsbook todayacademygolf academyyour path to a better, more enjoyable gamefind out morespecialsexclusive specialsjoin our email club todaysign up 



 












welcome to haymaker golf course
located in the lush yampa valley region of steamboat springs, colorado, haymaker golf course is a championship golf course gem. snow-capped mount werner frames many of the holes, while the spectacular flat top mountain range serves as a picturesque backdrop. as your day begins, directly ahead of you is a challenging links-style course with native grasses and wetlands to enhance the wide open fairways. created out of vast ranch-land and rock piles, this keith foster design is home to where many elk, eagles, and blue herons roam.


















the course

check out why haymaker was rated the 4th best course in colorado by golf week magazine. the accolades certainly don't stop there...
read more










restaurant

the haymaker grill serves up an american-fare menu, with friendly service in and ideal setting. drop by daily for lunch starting at 11am.
read more










email specials

to keep up on all the latest haymaker buzz, join our exclusive vip email club. you won't find better promotions anywhere else!
read more



























environmental sustainability & the golfer
haymaker golf course is proud to have obtained audubon international's highest distinction, classified as a 'signature program' golf course facility. what does that mean for you, the golfer? simply put, you're in for a round to remember, as we maintain the highest environmental standards, in place to preserve the natural beauty of the course, its surroundings, and native wildlife frequently seen throughout the property.
tour the course    audubon distinction  










 haymaker spotlight








rates & punch cards
check out our in-season and great off-season value rates! we offer twilight, super twilight, student, junior, senior, and military discounts.

learn more













season passes
no initiation fees or monthly minimums! get everything from unlimited golf rounds to punch cards. we have something to fulfill every golfer's desire!

learn more


















looking to book a tee time?  

book here







 upcoming eventssat, may 17,  9:00am: cobweb classic
mon, may 19,  4:30pm: monday night ladies clinics
mon, may 26, 12:00am: memorial day
mon, may 26,  4:30pm: monday night ladies clinics

view full calendar
 news






season passes

on sale now. new payment plan options!
get the best golf value we have today!
click here






                                                    gift cards & more                        
                        
                    
give the gift of golf!
perfect for birthdays, holidays, and special occasions.
call the golf shop at (970) 870-1846 for info.















© haymaker golf course • 34855 us-40 east • steamboat springs, co 80487(970) 870-1846 • accessibility • contact • sitemap • website by: the rwm company
follow via facebookfollow on instagramfollow via twittercontact us today!


















golfcourse
tee timescourse info & photosseason passesrates & punch cards online store"the fringe" golf simulatoraudubon distinctioncourse policiesevents& clubhouse
corporate & charity outingstournament scheduleleagues club calendarthe patio grillgolfacademy
golf instructionadult clinicsjunior golfjunior tournamentscontactspecials
 turf talkemail specialsemployment opportunitiescontact & directions


haymaker golf course34855 us-40 eaststeamboat springs, co 80487


















×




×




golf course closed
while the course is now closed for the season - the fringe simulator is open for hourly play!tue & wed: noon-8pmthu/fri/sat: 10am-5pm
book online here 





