




the great western archive - main index





















main menu




























the great western archive




















 










           the atomz search engine will search          for any required keywords in this site.




















new addition
absorbed locomotives from the railways act of 1921.

comprehensive details of the 925 locomotives absorbed into the gwr system in the early 1920's















great western stations

 

a selection of my favourite great western stations completewith histories, track plans and signalbox diagrams.













sounds of steam
 
the sounds of britain's big four steamand br locomotives now incrystal clear mp3 sound. 






 












swindon drawings of locomotives, coaches and wagons.
locomotive layout drawings
coach detail drawings
wagon detail drawings

a selection of official swindon drawings of locomotives,coaches and goods wagons.




















great western stock codes

 
a list of the stock codes for gwr rolling stock, where a gnat can be larger than a crocodile and snakes and pythons roam the countryside













great western coaches

a selection of preserved great western coaches and passenger vans.


















great western signal boxes

 
the great western railway used 1,943 signal and crossing boxes and ground frames  to allow a safe passage of its services. here, the gwr system is divided into 15 sections with each section giving the opening and closing times of each box, distances between boxes and maps.




















the gwr railcars


the great western railcars were a ground-breaking achievement for a company with its roots set firmly in the steam locomotive. all railcars are described through the original park royal bodied cars, the gloucester built variants to the final swindon built railcars.



















the story ofwoodham brothers at barry

the detailed story of the legendary barry scrapyard with complete lists of all those locomotives saved, the order that the left the yard and those engines that were cut up












back to basics


a 17 part series describing the workings of a steam locomotive and each components function together with headlamp and signalbox bell codes.



















preserved steam locomotives

a listing of all preserved steam locomotives of british railways and  the 'big four'. 

 updated and now includes war department locomotives

















the history of the great western railway

from an act of parliament in 1835 to nationalisation 1948, the great western railway, also known as "god's wonderful railway", was the envy of the other railway companies in britain














'preserved railway sites'

a list of all of the standard and
narrow gauge railways in the uk.























the western region archive
























western region's diesel-hydraulic locomotives

from five heavy underpowered prototypes to a fleet of modern powerful locomotives.

the the modernisation plan of 1955 should have given britain one of the most up-to-date railway systems in the world. that is until politics got in the way!

the first engines used by the diesel-hydraulic locomotives were  fairly unreliable, but after a few years of painstaking work by both british railways and the engine manufacturers, reliability became a key word . . . . . . . just prior to all diesel-hydraulics being withdrawn.

















the page's web counter says that you are visitor number









[  list all sites |
prev | 
random | 
next ]















where are you going next in our ring?
previous site
| next site
| skip a site
| random site
| join









steam locomotive index    diesel-hydraulic locomotive index    gwr locomotive name database     great western railcars

history of the great western     preserved steam locomotives     preserved railway centres     links to other railway sites


 sounds of steam    back to basics    barry scrapyard     sitemap    the severn tunnel     accessibility




copyright © by john daniel 2013.
many thanks to eric a. meyer of cwru and also neil johan. 





  













