








vfw department of virginia









































 








department of virginia 







home
about

about us
auxiliary
committees
membership
military order of the cootie
mission
officers
posts
vfw riders
virginia veterans foundation


programs

all state / all american
patriot's pen
teacher of the year
voice of democracy
scout of the year
jrotc
scholarsapp


resources

forms
microsoft 365
online reporting
resources
veterans and military support services
veteran benefits & assistance


news

podcast
calendar
department general orders
department newspaper
raffle winners
news


contact
login

webmail
report entry

members only
site admin
































join the vfw!
as yesterday's defenders of freedom, we want to welcome today's military service members into our ranks to become part of our elite group. 
more










help with va benefits
does the va seem confusing? we have people who are trained to help!
more










virginia veterans foundation
the virginia veterans foundation is the official 501(c)3 foundation for the vfw department of virginia. its mission is to support the programs and operations of the department and to support the military, veterans of the military, and their families.
more infoguidestar profile










buy an american flag and support the vfw!
when you buy flags from collins flags, a part of your purchase is donated to the vfw department of virginia.
more








previous



next











welcome to department of virginia
no one does more for veterans













welcome to the veterans of foreign wars department of virginia! we are committed to serving those who are in the military, those who have served, and their families. we also have a long history of serving our communities. we hope you find what you need on this website and invite you to contact us if needed. 
 



more











announcements








raffle calendar drawings are held each thursday for the period friday thru thursday.  results will be posted here.
 
department general orders and the department newspaper can be found under news in the top menu. 




















upcoming events
click above to view events.

view local, state and national events. 









membership details
as yesterday's defenders of freedom...

 ...we want to welcome today's military service members into our ranks to become part of our elite group.wwii, korean war, vietnam war, persian gulf war, kosovo, war in afghanistan, war in iraq, war on global terror and other peace-keeping expeditionary campaigns throughout the globe.









assistance & benefits
the veterans of foreign wars is dedicated

 to supporting those who sacrifice so much for this country, veterans, service members in the us armed forces, and their families and continues to be a voice for returning and currently deployed service members and their families.













what others are saying
inspirational testimonials and quotes














in the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.

martin luther king jr.









you were not alone over there. you are not alone now. there are 20 
million veterans who would give their lives for you. please don't take 
yours. 


anonymous









ask not what your country can do for you, 
ask you can do for your country.
- president john f kennedy     

president john f kennedy








previous



next
























































































previous



next


x
close










see full gallery 















statewide news
news & info from your department









post 12218's first change of command
western prince william county post 12218 will be conducting their first change of command ceremony on june 8th, 1000 at great mane brewery in haymarket, va.  come on out and support one of virginia's newest posts.


more info










vietnam veterans - welcome home!
the united state of america vietnam war commemoration is holding a welcome home event at the national mall in washington dc on may 11th to 13th 2023.


more info











national news
important info from national vfw









vfw reminds members to stay focused amid confusion in the capital
washington - over the past few weeks, i, like many of you, have been inundated daily with news from our nation's capital about the...


more info










leading veterans' groups release independent budget recommendations for the department of veterans affairs
washington - t


more info












follow us



























our mission

that the purpose of this corporation shall be fraternal, patriotic, 
historical, charitable, and educational: to preserve and strengthen 
comradeship among its members; to assist worthy comrades; to perpetuate 
the memory and history of our dead; and to assist their widows and 
orphans; to maintain true allegiance to the government of the united 
states of america, and fidelity to its constitution and laws; to foster 
true patriotism; to maintain and extend the institutions of american 
freedom, and to preserve and defend the united states from all her 
enemies.
 
	  








site sponsors
thank you to the following who support our veterans. click on the logo(s) below for more information.
















































previous



next















address
				403 lee jackson hwystaunton, va  24401
contact us via email
phone: 540-886-8112fax: 866-416-0586








menu
home
about
programs
resources
news
contact
members only







links
site admin
webmail
follow on facebook 
vfw national
vfw store
national auxiliary site










copyright (c) 2025 department of virginia.












































