






room 34 creative services - minneapolis web design and development












































































 


serviceswordpress pluginsroom 34 studioportfolioaudio + videoaboutblogcontactpaymentsshop








room 34 creative services is a small, independent web development, design and multimedia studio based in minneapolis, minnesota, founded in 1998.
we offer custom wordpress theme and plugin development, technical consulting for small businesses and non-profits, and audio/video production services. we also develop a number of free and commercial wordpress plugins, including ics calendar.




ics calendar is a wordpress plugin that allows you to seamlessly integrate your existing calendar (google, microsoft, apple, etc.) into your wordpress site, with no api keys required.



room 34 studio offers custom web design and development, technical consulting, and ongoing maintenance and support for small businesses, nonprofits and co-ops.



no nonsense is a free, all-in-one wordpress plugin to remove built-in elements of wordpress your site may not use, resulting in a cleaner, faster, more stable and more secure website.





room 34 multimedia offers mobile and on-site audio and video production, including multitrack music recording, narration, video production, animation and more.



underdog of perfection is the personal blog of room 34 owner scott anderson, since 2002. topics include web development, music production, video games, nostalgia and other random thoughts.



room 34 shop offers an array of shirts, hats, mugs, phone cases and more featuring our original custom designs.









facebook
youtube
bandcamp





					room 34 creative services, llc				

					minneapolis, minnesota 55406				

(612) 834-0947 

info@room34.com 




	copyright © 2025 room 34 creative services, llc. all rights reserved.
	"room 34 creative services", "room34" and the room 34 logo are service marks of room 34 creative services, llc.













