




 


council of volunteer administrators of metropolitan atlanta - home



 
















home


join us


donate


help





log in


 

 promoting effective volunteer managementsince 1972





home




events 




about us



history




commitment




board of directors




photo album







membership



benefits




scholarship opportunities




membership application







contact us




























each month we spotlight one of our terrific volunteers.













2019-2020 cova board members at the 2019 cova conference


covacon2019


cova conference attendees connecting with different agencies that support nonprofits and volunteer recruitment in the metro atlanta area.


covacon19 discussion


covacon19 keynote speaker: ciji townsend of balanced not busy sharing great tips and insights.


cova annual award winners






















 
 

upcoming events



celebrating service: volunteer appreciation ideas exchange

19 feb 2025 9:00 am
•
kate’s club: 1190 w druid hills dr. ne, suite t-80, atlanta, ga 30329



march virtual meeting

19 mar 2025 9:00 am
•
virtual meeting



volunteer culture - part ii

16 apr 2025 9:00 am
•
trees atlanta





the council of volunteer administrators of metropolitan atlanta, inc. (cova) was established in 1972 as a membership organization of volunteer administrators dedicated to advancing the professional management of volunteer services in metro atlanta. cova provides its membership with an accessible forum for networking, knowledge-sharing, collaboration and leadership opportunities. cova is an organization of volunteer administrators, executive directors, volunteer and community leaders, students, consultants, trainers and job seekers. our purpose is to promote sound leadership and management practices and to support professional volunteer administration.we stand engaged with everyone in the fight for a just and equitable society. the cova board wishes to thank you for your hard work and commitment to serving your volunteers and the community. as a member based organization we draw strength from our diversity and strive to build an inclusive culture. we commit to actively seeking out people as speakers, board members and members with different voices, perspectives, and backgrounds and then listening to them, connecting with them, and working with them to build change.

2018-2019 annual report 



















        
      this is a discussion forum for volunteer coordinators/administrators to post questions and topics regarding volunteerism.  feel free to create a topic of conversation, ask a question or post a response.
        
    



subscribe to forum





subscribed (unsubscribe)


subscribing...
unsubscribing...


        
      this forum is empty.
        
    






 























sponsors & partners






 
 
 
 




















"council of volunteer administrators of metropolitan atlanta" is a 501(c)3 non-profit organization. mailing address is: 650
ponce de leon ave, ste 300 #1717, atlanta, ga 30308





powered by wild apricot membership software









