


datsunparts.com inc.- datsun roadster parts
















datsunparts.com inc.
your home for datsun roadster parts and accessories





contact sales@datsunparts.com. email is only for: technical support questions,help with questions regarding our parts, parts returns.  
to order parts: use the secure order form on the blue navigation bar to the left.
  


shop a movie
customer / manufacturer quotes about datsun parts
how to use this website
secure order form
frequently asked questions
why buy from datsun parts?
customer rewards program
restoration products
nissan/oem/aftermarket differences

engineering
ordering, shipping, returns, policies
warranty return policy 
returns / important
parts purchasing department
mission statement

limits of liability statement important read
charitable giving
gallery of fine cars

products
sp/sr owners club importer
cars for sale
recommended installers
lifetime warranty
special order items from japan
sale items
new products
coming soon
consignment parts
new old stock parts
monthly specials



parts category list
axle seals
body parts
books / literature
brakes
brakes 1500
brake kits & packages
cables
carburetor r16
carburetor u20
carburetor kits & packages
carburetor mikuni solex
clutch
cooling
cylinder head g15/r16
cylinder head u20
dash
differential
electrical
electrical firing
electrical switches
electrical other
emblems
engine 1500/1600
engine 2000
engine timing components 2000
engine external
engine kits & packages
engine room decals & stickers
engine seals
exhaust
exterior trim
fuel systems
front axle
gaskets
gaskets carburetor
gaskets engine
gaskets transmission differential
glass
handles & latches
heater
interior
interior trim
z car interior
fairlady 310 interior
interior kits & packages
lamps & lights
locks
knobs
mirrors
rear axle
rubber parts
rubber kits & packages
soft tops
steering
steering kits & packages
suspension
suspension kits & packages
transmission 4 speed
transmission 5 speed
transmission kits & packages
transmission seals
used parts
wheels
weatherstripping
weatherstrip kits & packages
wiper & washer
material & carpet swatches





nissan parts dump
dash comments
map to our location
home





new and remanufactured parts for datsun roadsters
 our shipping schedule is 5 days per week. closed for manufacturing, shipping of international orders & warehouse stocking monday & friday. any modified or holiday hours will appear under the main photo on the home page. see note concerning hours in: ordering/returns/contacts
a message from dean

as you may know, the availability of parts or shall i say the irregular, 
spotty availability of parts has become the new norm at nissan.
it has forced us to carry more inventory than ever before to help
cover the dry periods at nissan. we have made extra efforts to source
factory parts from overseas and warehouses to keep our inventory base as
full and complete as possible. we do this to keep the cars on the
road.

the drawback in having a huge inventory base is the expense of
maintaining it. we keep our inventory base tight carrying only a 
certain amount of stock
of each part to keep costs down. when we are asked by our customers to
take back hundreds of dollars of parts for refund, it makes it difficult
to keep offering the low prices and high quality that you are accustomed
to.
we would love to run this business like macy's or target, but the
roadster business is small and it is our sincere wish to continue to
have the funds to develop new parts as we do and to keep the inventory
on hand to serve you.
please allow us to take care of you and your car by:

buy only what you really need/want. don't order parts you're going
to return as soon as you get them.
check all the parts you receive against your car before installing
to make sure they match whats on your car. this is particularly
important if you've ordered interior parts. many times these cars have
parts from different years installed on them. in some cases the
paperwork for a car says it's a '70, in reality it's a '67. in these
cases, exchanges will be made if the part has not been modified or
partially installed. if the mistake was ours, we'll pay freight. if
it was your mistake, you pay freight.


thanks for your understanding,
dean
our business is your business
in this day and age there are many places to purchase parts. large auto parts stores on boulevards offer parts at wholesale prices. mom and pop stores offer the same parts at higher prices, but benefit by having the know how and technical information to help install the parts you've purchased.
here at datsunparts.com we have succeeded in combining the best of both worlds. discount prices and attentive service.
every part we sell we have installed on roadsters including our after market parts we developed. here's how you save…diagnosis is the most critical element in deciding what parts you need to do the job. if you call us to purchase an r-motor cylinder head we will ask you why you think you need one. perhaps all you need is some careful welding or the chambers "laid back." i've had people call me looking for a head just because it's been cut .040 and someone has told them it's no longer good. most shops would say "fine, the cylinder head is this much and we'll send it out today." to us it's less important to make the sale as it is to be fair, honest and thorough in helping our customers solve their problems.
if you're installing new nozzles and needles that you purchased through us for your 1600 or 2000 and you're having trouble centering the nozzle sleeves we can take you through this procedure step by step. just call us. if we're not in, we'll call you back and coach you "carb in hand." every part we sell potentially has some tip that goes along with it. we humbly submit that we don't know everything. since 1988 we've heard, seen, personally experienced and assimilated a great deal of knowledge that we would like to share with you. please let us do so. when you purchase parts from us you're plugged into a source of information, technical assistance and diagnosis that can save you time and a lot of money. we'll never sell you anything you don't need.
remember, we're here for you!
dean
 
please note: all pages, text and images on this site are  copyright © 1996-2022 in datsunparts.com inc.
 all rights reserved. reproduction by permission only.  please contact dean for information about using text or images
on other websites. 









