


chanterelle restaurant | 30 years in new york city | menu artwork | cookbooks































for 30 years, david and karen waltuck cultivated a unique niche in the 
								new york city restaurant world: chanterelle. opened in 1979 in soho, before moving to its
								grand location in tribeca, the restaurant pioneered downtown fine dining. 

								with the help of designer and art world insider, bill katz, the waltucks were extremely 
								honored to feature the art of friends and legends alike on the covers of their seasonal menus. 
								the collection is presented here in its entirety, with the full roster of distinguished
								contributing artists, photographers, musicians, and writers — from the inaugural menu by
								marisol, to a recent edition by chuck close. 

								a new menu cover was created about every 6 months. almost all the images were made
								specifically for the menus, although a few were already in existence and were adapted for the
								chanterelle menu. in addition, some of the images were made for one night special events, 
								such as annual benefits held for the bill t. jones and arnie zane dance company.

								most of the menus were printed by offset lithography at american menu printing, 
								a small print shop in manhattan. about 800 copies were printed at the time new menu
								artwork was featured. less than 50 copies were saved for the chanterelle archives. 
								the special event menus were printed by silkscreen at universal limited art editions (ulae).
								less than 100 covers were printed for each event.
								 
								christie’s fine art auctions appraised the collection in 2009 in order to set a value for the 
									gift of a full set of menus to the new york public library's print collection.
								 




 








please contact us via 
 if you have any questions or require further information.





cookbooks are available:
chanterelle: the story and recipes of a restaurant classic
published by the taunton press (october 14, 2008)
staff meals from chanterelle (cookbook)
workman publishing company (august 1, 2000)







