


welcome to colbert county, al























               search colbertcounty.org


 the web
                colbertcounty.org




















welcome
news &
               notices
history
departments
commissioners
work session
               agenda
services &
               amenities
contact
               us





















welcome to colbert county, alabama



                     colbert county is located in scenic northwest alabama. we hope this site is useful in providing valuable information about our local government and community. you will find the history of colbert county, county departments, county commissioners and meeting information, county services, and the ability to contact colbert county officials. come discover and learn about the history rich colbert county, alabama.
                  









do the five
help stop coronavirus


1 hands wash them often!
2 elbow cough into it!
3 face don't touch it!
4 feet stay more than 3ft apart!
5 feel sick? stay home!
                  






image gallery
     


mission statement
provide quality services as provided by law or mandated by the public, to enhance the health, safety and general well-being of the citizens and promote industrial and economic development of colbert county.

                  guiding principles:

conduct county operations in a legal, ethical and fair manner.
conduct the public's business in a manner that is responsive, accessible and open to all.
provide professional leadership and operational excellence.
recognize that county employees and volunteer citizens are the foundation upon which these services are provided.
promote industrial development



contact us

address:
201 n. main street
                     tuscumbia, al 35674
telephone:
(256) 386-8501
fax:
(256) 386-8510









news & notices | history | departments | commissioners | work session agenda | services | contact | site-map






            colbert county is an equal opportunity employer.
         






