







darnells resort on lake chelan – the perfect family getaway



































facebookmail 


accommodations

reservations


specials
gallery
activities
meetings & events
weddings
about

driving directions
property map
job opportunities


search




menu


menu

 

















 







lake chelan’s favorite family friendly waterfront resort will be open may 2 – october 5, 2025

view our photo gallery
many of these photos were shared by guests as part of our photo contest. stay with us at darnell’s waterfront resort and add your family pictures to our gallery.
more

darnell’s amenities
darnell’s is the perfect lake chelan waterfront resort – without resort fees! play pickleball on our courts, enjoy ping-pong, beach volleyball, family board games and much more.
more

book your sunset now
many guest of darnell’s resort are families who have been staying with us for generations. darnell’s is a lake chelan family tradition.  the high season can book early, so call now and book your sunset.
more

300 feet of sandy beach
darnell’s resort is known as a premier waterfront family resort on lake chelan.
many guests and their families have been spending summers at darnell’s for generations!



darnell’s waterfront resort is within walking distance of chelan’s historic downtown district plus shops, restaurants, and other recreational opportunities, such as bowling, putt-putt golf, skate park, go-karts, historic ruby theater and more. it is close to town, but removed from the traffic corridor with no foot traffic through the resort. private and safe for a memorable family getaway!
book now

what others say about us



our family has been coming to lake chelan for the last 25 years. darnell’s has been a family tradition with no end in sight. we just keep filling more rooms!
- jamison family
thank you for a wonderful stay. the location is so private feeling, it was the perfect getaway for my husband and i. we will be back next year.
- l taylorson
we had the perfect wedding. i really can’t thank you enough for all your help in making sure that my wedding and our guest were well provided for. thank you so much.
- c jenkins
what location you have! like your site says, we really didn’t want to leave. we’ve only been coming for a few years, but we’ll catch some of the others 🙂
- m carlton

   

darnell’s lake resort 901 spader bay
po box 457
chelan, washington 98816

local: 509-682-2015
toll free:  800-967-8149
email: info@darnellsresort.com
 
  






web design by sungraphic
accommodations
specials
gallery
activities
meetings & events
weddings
about







scroll to top













