




casa imports
















































































home
about
products
promotions

flyers
videos


careers
contact us
online ordering
 






✕







 








 



 



 



 













customer online ordering

meet the owners of casa imports!
vito, john, and philip came to america from italy in the 1960s - vito hailing from bari, john from salerno, and philip from sicily. vito and john married philip's two sisters and in 1975, began a small company, which has since grown to now service five states and over 3000 customers. casa imports is still a family owned and operated business with a close knit operation. we employ several members of all three families as well as many other employees who have become members of our extended family. we pride ourselves on our premier service to our customers, going far beyond the normal mandates of other distributors.
we not only carry one of the largest varieties of imported italian foods available, we also handle a complete line of other fine quality products such as deli meats, beverages, oils and vinegars, tomato products, a vast variety of cheeses, spices, flour, and pasta - just to name a few. we also carry a large selection of non-food items. the cora name is a widely recognized label. our customers know when they see the cora and casa names, they have the finest products available.
browse through our pages and you will find a distributor who cares about their customers and offers them the finest quality products in the market.
you can now shop company branded apparel from our online store! logos include casa imports, cora, aip, karam produce, diva farms and restaurant equipment. click here or the shopping cart icon on the left. happy shopping!
since 1975
our mission statement



our promise to you, our valued customer, is to provide high quality, consistent products while demonstrating a superior level of customer service.




despite today's ever-changing world, casa imports will remain a family owned and operated business and will ensure the safe, reliable distribution of all products.
our staff of knowledgeable, experienced professionals will provide you with the tools you need to help your business grow.

contact us
partners


restaurant equipment equipment corp.karam producediva farmscora brand productscafé canoleatlantic international products
contact us


 
1301 broad street
utica, ny 13501315-724-41891-800-851-8509315-724-4173info@casaimports.com
cash & carry temporary hours:
monday – friday: 8:00am – noon all orders sent to cash and carry to be picked and staged. 

closed for lunch 12:00pm - 12:30pm

12:30pm - 3:30pm - store will be open to the public and orders can be picked up

if there is an emergency or a customer needs to pick up between the hours of 8-noon, please call cash and carry direct at 315-292-7436 or the front desk at 315-724-4189.


office hours
monday – friday: 8:00am – 5:00pm














follow us!customer online ordering
portal login


login
login to access the website's features.




















				login			


forgot your password?

forgot your password?
enter your email address and we'll try to help you.




ok






join our mailing list















name*


first



last

email*

companycaptchaphonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 



















                © casa imports | all rights reserved | design by promedia 














































