



insights training center - gun and combat training





















 
				 
				 
				 
				


			
			new to insights? register for an account or login | 
				
					contact us
					 | 
					shopping cart: (0) items




home
courses
schedule
instructors
testimonials
publications
about
contact
blog









			insights offers a variety of gun and combat classes for civilians and private organizations. choose from self defense classes, gun training, close combat training, firearms training, security guard training, survival training, and more.
			





			insights training offers classes for law enforcement agencies such as police departments, fbi, department of defense, department of homeland security, drug enforcement agency, us border patrol, sheriff departments and many more.
			





			insights training provides tactical training designed to meet the needs of military personnel from all branches. we offer training for the us army, army national guard, us navy, us air force, us marine corps, and the us coast guard.
			












insights training center offers the most complete self-defense, firearms, and tactical training available to civilians and private organizations, law enforcement, and military. we have taught more than 24,000 private citizens, law enforcement officers, instructors, swat teams, corrections personnel, security officers, and military personnel.





subscribe to email updates
			    be among the first to know when new courses are scheduled! watch your email for discounts and special offers.
			







			email address: 
		




			first name: 
		












			private sector:
		




			law enforcement:
		




			military:
		
























home
about us
press & media
testimonials


course catalog
training schedule
instructors


my account
sponsor a class
contact us


legal info
privacy policy
refunds & returns







		© 2011-2024 insights training. all rights reserved.
		


        insights training, llc.   po box 3585, bellevue, wa 98009   p: (425) 827-2552
		







