
 





wordpress website development | e-commerce | seo | excell.net

















































































↓ skip to main content







 




main navigation

menu
homeservices





wordpress website development seo and wordpress – search engine optimization wordpress maintenance e-commerce – woocommerce website hosting email services domain services
about us





contact privacy policy terms and conditions
testimonials 












 


responsive websitesexcell.net develops professionally designed responsive websites.learn moreecommerce websitesonline stores to promote and sell products and services.learn moresearch engine optimizationincrease your search engine rankings with optimized content.learn more 














showcasing businesses online! 



wordpress website development  & e-commerce website design 







 excell.net, established in 1996, focuses on small business wordpress website development.  wordpress website designs provide  responsive website design & e-commerce website design.excell.net provides website support and website software maintenance.excell.net offers search engine optimization (seo) of website content enhancing website ranking in search results for google. 












 


 




websites						


responsive websites are designed and developed to adapt to different screen sizes.  ensuring optimal viewing on desktops, notebooks, laptops, smart phones, templates, etc.  










 
learn more














 




seo						


website seo, search engine optimization, is the process of developing website content that will result in higher search engine rankings specific to the products and services of a  business 










 
learn more














 




e-commerce						


e-commerce websites allow customers to purchase products or services directly through a website.  customers may also submit requests for proposals or initiate scheduling of appointments











 
learn more



















  







our services 



we offer website development, ecommerce websites, email services and hosting. 



free initial consultation to review your business website needs. we can handle all aspects, domain registration, email services, website design, website development, content development, search engine optimization, search engine marketing, website hosting and ongoing website maintenance.
excell.net develops websites with catalog and e-commerce software installed, as well as security certificates for ssl secured payment processing. excell.net also provides a wide range of email services including filter for spam, trojans and viruses. for more information, please email us at info@excell.net or call (413) 599-0421. 






learn more















portfolio 



our work
 



excell.net develops and maintains unique, custom websites for both new and existing customers. we don’t just design in a vacuum, though. we incorporate your company’s logo and look into a professionally developed graphic layout, giving you a beautiful and functional web presence. and to make sure that customers can find you, we build your website to be search engine friendly, using specific search engine optimization (seo) techniques that have provided our customers with excellent results.
excell.net understands that a website is an investment. as such, it should provide a return that’s measurable in real dollars and in the near-term. before beginning any work, we sit down with you to learn about your business and what you need and want from your website. with that in mind, we’ll discuss the best complete solution for you, and also present options for gradual development – giving you the most bang for your buck, whatever your budget.
excell.net’s commitment to you extends beyond your site’s launch. our goal is to create a long-term partnership by providing you with expert advice, unparalleled support, and effective solutions that get you noticed and add to your bottom line.
examples of excell.net’s projects: 




 






 



























































we listen to our customers 



we serve a wide range of companies 










 




medical community						














 




manufacturing						














 




non-profits						


















 




food & beverage						














 




e-commerce						














 




contractors						




















let’s work together 







we work with established businesses as well as start-ups to build a website that will bring roi. 










contact us















 
as a private, non-profit agency, we were referred to excell.net to assist us with updating our website to be in compliance with best practice accessibility guidelines.  since our initial contact with excell.net, we’ve received excellent customer service, fast solutions, and clear guidance.  stan was able to update our website quickly and offered suggestions to further improve our website security and efficiency.  both patty and stan have been transparent regarding costs and how to maximize our funds to get the “most bang for our buck”.  thank you, excell.net!



danielle annibalini, lcsw 
executive director, suffield community aid













excell.net has been our website designer and host of our website ever since ludlowchiro.com came into existence. over the years our platform has been updated, modified and re-designed. we adapted our web site for hand-held devices. the service from excell.net has always been excellent, prompt, thorough and professional. i can’t think of a better company to utilize for our website and e-mail than excell.net.



paul r. blomerth dc
ludlow chiropractic
















we always appreciate hearing from our clients:  










post a review
















get in touch 



we work with small businesses, corporations and startups. how can we help you? 



please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *email *comment or message *submit 

















 






 




 


413.225.1927




info@excell.net







 


facebook
 



linkedin
 



linkedin
 










services 







 
website development





 
seo and wordpress





 
e-commerce





 
wordpress maintenance





 
technical consulting





 
website hosting





 
email











our website 






home




about




services




contact




testimonials




privacy




terms & conditions

























copyright ©  2024		
excell.net - affordable, findable & functional business websites		






top




































