





















twin cities development (tcd)





 




 skip to main content.











home | employment | contact | pay rent


facebookx-twitterlinkedininstagram
















toggle navigation







home

about tcd


strategic plan


staff


board


partnerships


contact us




membership


our members


member benefits


become a member






life


housing


education


history, culture, & national/state parks


recreation


kid friendly!




festivals


healthcare


dining & shopping


cost of living


veteran services




housing


rentals


pay rent




housing resources


housing funding


housing assistance


homebuyer education classes






business/entrepreneurs


ecenter


ekitchen


business resources


business retention & expansion


shop local


workforce training


business incentives


gbsd project




business trainings


grants & lending




site selection


available sites


available buildings


featured properties


regional profile


county & community profiles


target industries


western nebraska regional airport


location advantages


utilities




workforce


job board


need help posting a job?




workforce profile


major employers


workforce resources


childcare


higher education


career connections




news & events


news


submit an article




community events


submit an event
































the economic heart of western nebraska
tcd supports the economic growth of a region within western nebraska - a place where it’s easy to do business, raise a family and build community. we support each other and once you’re here - you’re family. tcd works to make the transition easier by providing housing options, connecting talent and industry, providing site selection assistance and supporting economic development projects. we also advocate for local entrepreneurs and offer hands-on support and service to help local businesses grow.at the community level, tcd supports the cities and counties within our region. we offer technical support applying for incentives, coordinate workforce programs, handle communications, respond to rfps, participate in housing development, and engage in activities that strengthen our communities.nebraska fast facts1leading america in creating a crypto economy, cnbc, 20223hardest working state, wallethub, 20214new development projects per capita, site selection, 20205most diverse economy, bloomberg, 20197best work environment, wallethub, 20217top state for business, cnbc, 20227best places to live, cnbc, 2022


share



facebook
twitter
linkedin
email
print

 





location advantageseasy access to profitable marketslow cost utilities, a reliable workforce, efficient market access, and available properties only add to our appeal.in the center of the nation, the transportation corridors stretching north/south and east/west allowing products to be trucked to market in less than one to two days to most locations in the united states.





recent news
read all news >


 








                                                                        business leaders and entrepreneurs can network and grow at tcd’s upcoming resource fair
                                

                                    february 7, 2025                                

                                                                            the twin cities development association (tcd) will host a free business resource fair at the gering civic center on monday, february 24th, from 5:00 to 7:00 pm. entrepreneurs, business owners, and community members are invited...
                                                                                                        
read more










                                                                        western nebraska business owners can receive customized resources to thrive in the coming year
                                

                                    january 22, 2025                                

                                                                            business owners, entrepreneurs, and residents preparing to start new companies can all benefit from the resources available at twin cities development (tcd). the economic development organization is designed to support new and existing businesses, no...
                                                                                                        
read more










                                                                        rsvp for the tcd annual meeting on friday, november 22
                                

                                    november 7, 2024                                

                                                                            current and potential members of the twin cities development association (tcd), which supports economic development in western nebraska, are invited to the annual meeting luncheon on friday, november 22, 2024, at 11:30 a.m. the luncheon will...
                                                                                                        
read more










featured events
see full calendar >


 



digital marketing basics

february 17  •  11:00 am

online

                                if you are new to digital marketing this fast-paced introductory workshop will help you get started to promote your business on the internet.
                            

read more





5 tips to make your restaurant’s social media more appetizing

february 18  •  10:00 am

online

                                join emily de armas in this insightful webinar to discover key strategies to enhance your restaurant’s social media presence and attract more customers. learn practical tips to create engaging content, boost visibility, and grow your online audience.
                            

read more





small business content marketing - planning and creating engaging content

february 18  •  10:00 am

online

                                content marketing is a powerful tool for attracting and engaging your ideal audience, but success requires a clear strategy. from planning and creation to distribution and measurement, every step plays a role in driving results.in this webinar, digital marketing expert nicole mccullum will walk you through the key elements of an effective content marketing strategy, how to produce engaging content and how to measure performance to...
                            

read more





social media on autopilot: automate your social presence using meta with ai

february 18  •  1:00 pm

online

                                join us for this one-hour webinar as we highlight the latest tools and techniques for automation, analytics, and personalization, ensuring you stay at the forefront of today’s social media landscape.what you'll learn:ai-powered tools for efficiency: explore cutting-edge ai solutions for scheduling, ad creation, and audience insights. discover how these tools can streamline your processes, saving you time and resources while enhancing productivity.transform your social strategy:...
                            

read more





make your website work for you

february 18  •  1:00 pm

online

                                discover how to create a search-friendly website that drives user action and supports their goals. whether launching a new website or sprucing up an old one, this workshop will help.
                            

read more





nebraska enterprise fund: the start up venture life cycle: legal considerations along the way!

february 18  •  4:30 pm

online

                                learn about the journey of a start-up from its humble beginnings, through growth, and finally to a successful legacy! register for each session you want to attend as this is a 3 part series!key elements:business formationintellectual property protectionrisk managementfunding optionsreal estate needsemployee lawsindependent contractors vs. employeeexit strategies
                            

read more





business formation

february 19  •  8:00 am

online

                                in this business formation webinar, presented by joe bottega, certified senior business advisor, si small business development center, learn about the different legal business entities and which may be right for your business.this session will cover:choosing your legal entity!understanding the tax benefits for each legal entity (consult with a tax advisor as the sbdc advisors are not accountants.)the basics of financingunderstanding your financial statementsdeveloping cash...
                            

read more





financials 101

february 19  •  9:00 am

online

                                every small business should know how to keep detailed records of the daily transactions involved in their business. they create reports that allow management, stakeholders and regulating authorities to have insight into the financial health of the organization. as the business owner, you need to understand the metrics that are reported in the cash flow and income statements, and balance sheets and how they relate...
                            

read more





human resources: best practices for tomorrow’s workforce

february 19  •  11:00 am

online

                                join us for an engaging and informative webinar designed to help hr professionals and business leaders enhance their human resource strategies. this session will explore key aspects of hr best practices that drive employee satisfaction, retention, and organizational growth.discover how hr best practices can create a positive employee experience, improve retention, and align human capital strategies with business objectives. don’t miss this opportunity to transform...
                            

read more





principios de la mercadotecnia digital

february 19  •  7:00 pm

online

                                este taller esta diseñado para enseñar los principios de mercadotecnia digital como publicidad en google y en redes sociales como facebook e instagram, principios de search engine optimization (seo), como crear una página de internet fácilmente, yelp, y más. aprende las tácticas y estrategias que puedes implementar en línea para tu negocio y así obtener más clientes y generar más tráfico hacia tu página.
                            

read more





digital marketing essentials: tools and tactics for success

february 19  •  7:00 pm

online

                                in an increasingly digital world, establishing a strong online presence is crucial for business success. this workshop will provide you with the knowledge and tools needed to effectively leverage local directories, yelp, nextdoor, and google business to boost your visibility and attract more customers.participants will learn how to:claim and optimize their business listings on key local directories.manage and respond to customer reviews on yelp and...
                            

read more





starting and growing a small business

february 20  •  8:00 am

online

                                are you thinking on starting a business? do you need small business assistance? the u.s. small business administration (sba) can help! join lisa gonzalez welch, economic development specialist with the small business administration ma office to learn how the sba programs and services can be of assistance to help you start, expand, grow, and recover your business. during this overview presentation you will gain information on:  •...
                            

read more





quickbooks online 101

february 20  •  10:00 am

online

                                learn the basic navigation and functions of quickbooks online for your small business with katie hanna of details matter bookkeeping.
                            

read more





budgeting for your business

february 20  •  12:00 pm

online

                                the idea of tax planning can elicit emotional responses ranging from pure boredom to high anxiety. but, as a sole proprietor, filing your taxes doesn’t need to be daunting.this free, one hour workshop will run you through the basics of tax planning and preparation. among other items, we’ll discuss:how to maximize your time and make the most of your effortconsistency from year to yeartracking expenses...
                            

read more





business credit

february 20  •  5:00 pm

online

                                are you paying for business expenses out of your own pocket?have you signed up for a business credit-building program that provided little value?do you need more capital, and you are a business owner or future business owner?register today for this free score kc business credit webinar.this webinar is for business owners with a need to set up and build their business credit, use their business...
                            

read more





discover what your customers want

february 20  •  5:00 pm

online

                                we will cover a few of the marketing centric issues that make a difference in selling. we will review how to listen, observe and discover actual wants and how to use them to close sales. 
                            

read more












testimonials




“having the resources available with the ecenter has allowed us to grow our business in ways that wouldn’t have been possible by ourselves. it has been awesome connecting with other entrepreneurs in the ecenter business community.“
– josh curtis, owner of clarity financial




“living the good life at northfield apartments. independent living with all the yard work and apartment maintenance provided. the advantage of northfield park being close for those walks with our four-legged friends. all apartments are one level and laundry facilities are provided. i have lived at northfield apartments four years and am pleased with my choice of independent living in the gering area.”
- pat kimberley




"our tcd northfield apartment is very nice! mike and hever were amazingly attentive and helped orient us to the entire facility. we appreciate the new appliances, the bright clean bathrooms, new carpet, ceiling fans, and the views of the monument to the west! we have really enjoyed the privacy of this little community, yet also appreciated the opportunity to meet new neighbors. this is a great place to live!"
- monty and cheryl reisig, residents since may 2021




“almost two years ago we downsized from a three-story house that we lived in for 34 years. we then moved into a newly renovated apartment at the northfield apartments. it is the best decision we have ever made. tcd offers maintenance-free living with very nice people and quality management.”
- doug and deanna keszler








featured properties
see all properties >
 









gering ne: 220757 highway 92 east

25,000.00 sq. feet

                                                                                    $6,320,000
                                                                            













scottsbluff ne: 23,985 sq. ft.

23,985.00 sq. feet










start & grow your business in western nebraskainternational companies have gotten their start in western nebraska. tcd offers hands-on support and entrepreneur facilities to make it easier to open and grow a small business - including a kitchen incubator and office space. contact us to create a business plan, secure funding, receive training, hire workers, make connections and find office space. most services are available at no cost.

tcd owns apartments you can rent
it’s easy to relocate to western nebraska for work and school. tcd has affordable apartments for workers, students, seniors and people with disabilities.
learn morecome explore western nebraska
visit scotts bluff national monument, lake minatare, wild cat hills, monument valley pathway and riverside discovery center zoo!
learn more
 get out there and play!
it’s easy to have fun when playing our golf courses, swimming at water parks and pools, playing frisbee golf, watching pioneers baseball games, or taking the kids to our many parks.
learn moreyou’ll love our lifestyle
no traffic, affordable homes, outdoor recreation, excellent schools, a regional hospital & airport, and family events & festivals make western nebraska a fantastic place to raise a family.
learn more
 


previous



next




thank-you to our members!
 





























































































































 











twin cities development association, inc. 1620 broadway scottsbluff, ne 69361phone: 
                                                    308-632-2833
                                                email: info@tcdne.org 




translate



home | contact | site map | pay rent | this institution is an equal opportunity provider.








                       © 2025 twin cities development association, inc.. all rights reserved.
                    

                        economic development websites by
                        
                            golden shovel agency.
                    







