





















center for quantitative life sciences | oregon state university

















  skip to main content
























      center for quantitative life sciences
       







search




search





open search page









homecontact uspeoplecore facilitiesgenomics coreillumina ngs sequencinggenotyping by sequencingpacific biosciences sequeldna/rna extraction servicedna size selectionagilent bioanalyzer 2100agilent tapestation 4200sanger sequencing3730 genotypingmicroscopy coreshared instrumentation corerelmsservice feesdiscounted external ratecore facilities staffresearch computinghigh performance computing (hpc)hpc documentationadvanced cyberinfrastructure teaching facilityservice feesresearch computing staffresearch consultingresearch consulting servicesservice feesresearch consulting stafftrainingworkshopsbioinformatics users group (bug)shared instrumentation traininghealth datahealth data & informaticshealth data staff












 



home












about
the center for quantitative life sciences facilitates genome-enabled and data-driven research at osu. the center offers scientific leadership, training and services to faculty, staff and students through expert staff, core laboratory services and instrumentation, computational resources, seminars and technology workshops, and conferences. it also provides a focal point for researchers to establish contacts, initiate collaborations, and apply new technologies in their own laboratories.












 

oct. 21, 2024
new leica stellaris 5 confocal microscope: training available


 

oct. 18, 2024
2024 cqls fall conference


 

oct. 17, 2024
cqls relms facilities: new ordering and reservation system


 

nov. 16, 2016
seqthebeav update



read more stories










announcements


bug seminar: the use of high performance computing in the processing and management of large plankton imaging datasets - fridaythe bug seminar series is wednesday february 19th, 2024 at 1-2 pm

“the use of high performance computing in the processing and management of large plankton imaging datasets”
- elena conser phd and marco corrales ugalde phd, plankton ecology laboratory at hatfield marine science… read more 


bug seminar: the genome of the extraordinary genus petalidium, an aridity extremophile endemic to the hyper-arid regions of namibia.   - fridaythe bug seminar series is wednesday march 5th, 2025 at 1-2 pm

“the genome of the extraordinary genus petalidium, an aridity extremophile endemic to the hyper-arid regions of namibia. " 

- robert m. alba phd, department of forest ecosystems and society

 

please join… read more 


view all announcements
























cqls blog


























center for quantitative life sciences
3021 agriculture and life science building
2750 sw campus way
corvallis, or 97331
(541) 737-3347
directory  relms   cqls mailing lists







copyright © 2025
      oregon state university |
privacy disclaimer and accessibility information
|
non-discrimination statement
|
sitemap












