

collecting original tijuana bibles and other vintage cartoon erotica 












 
 
tijuana bibles featured the most popular cartoon stars! 











                    welcome underground comic book lovers! 

                    tijuanabible.org was founded to preserve this unique part of our  american culture. 
        we're collectors of original  8 pagers and always interested in sharing our finds, as well as buying comics to add to our collection. 

tijuana bible comics 
8 pager history & background 
collecting  vintage tijuana bibles
tips  for new collectors
tijuana bible library 
8 pagers from our collection 
1930's  blackjack original art
rare         original drawings discovered
new   tijuana bibles for sale 
pick up some for your next party 
tijuana bible  articles
a directory of tijuanabible.org articles
16 pagers - comics review 
classic double size comics 
sex in comics
by donanld h. gilmore phd.
vintage tijuana bibles for sale  
golden age originals you can own 


            email 
          tijuanabible.org





tj ts now available







 


  



tijuana bibles video on youtube
                    
                 http://www.youtube.com/embed/h0thtv5ibii




titter tatter proverbs & breastypes! 
 

if you ever needed help objectifying women, there are 
                  two versions of this 
                  vintage 
                  guide to women's breast types





blackjack's wayward girls
 

a guide to the
                  fifi / mazie / tessie tijuana bibles by blackjack. 




mystery of the  7 page foozy
 

foozy plays like one of the big boys when he uses a decoy!



superboy in big bet by mr. dyslexic 
 

superboy is  surprised with a dirty girl's 
                  betting! 




 gay sex in the 8 pagers 
 
if you've ever wondered about gay sex in the tijuana bibles, we've made  a list! 



 "our" ma 
 
a ruthless pimp mother makes her children compete at whoring!


 


 peter & mable home made vintage tijuana bibles 
 


a true deviant's 
              "home made" idea of erotica! 



 exposed - movie stars victims of dirty book racket 
 


this is undoubtedly the most absurd article on 8 pagers you will ever read! 




 superman with lois ... a real find! 
 
superman comes through, and lois puts out, in this very hard to find eight pager.



  








 all 
        artwork and text copyright © 2004 - 2014 tijuanabible.org
 


tijuana 
        bibles cartoon parodies are reprinted as examples of traditional american 
        satire and social commentary.they make fun of real life personalities 
        or comic characters that may be copyrighted or registered but in no 
        way should be construed as an attempt to defame, challenge to, or 
        as an endorsement by copyright holders
 






